what fall anime are you guys most hyped for?
also tba anime hype
7One Punch ManSakurako-sanSubete ga F ni NaruHopefully I won't pick up any more.
7OPMAll FSakurakoAsterisk for shitposting on /a/
7Oh shit, I had no idea Black Jack was getting a new series. I guess I'm most hyped for it, Devilman, and Lupin III, which is not listed.
7SeraphKIs not Bahamut Chronicle confirmed for Fall too?
4Prism NanaPffthahahaSavanna GameThey said that this would be an anime like two years ago. Unlikely that it will ever get adapted.
4Chaos;ChildWhy bother? It'll end up like Chaos;Head again.
4New Macross and LOGHI'm pretty hyped.When exactly does Delta take place in the Macross timeline? I've only watched SDF.2I wonder if retro anime are starting to make a comeback of sorts, could this mean the end of the moe era?
7Wow, it's all garbage.
7Wow anno was right, anime is dieing.
At some point we arrived at a time when actual charts look like troll charts.
4Which do you think will air first, C;C or Zero?
2No info
4Hiden no AriaLiterally why?
4Hidan no Aria AA is yuribait spin-off
7fujoshit: the season
Not much honestly. I've heard nothing except good things about Black Jack save for the remasters but I the only other thing I might have any mild interest in is K just because I liked the first season for being so flamboyantly /fa/4It's looking pretty grim. I thought we had a pretty dense wave of it riding off of Free!'s success a few seasons back but it seems that was only the beginning. I might actually pick up a few just for the heck of it.
Doesn't look too good, I'l probably watch 4 or so series and some movies. The SnK idiots will be annoying.
Only show I'm looking forward to is Sakurako-san.I want OPM to be good, but I know it will be worse than the manga.
7Actually hyped for:Heavy ObjectOwari no Seraph 2SakuranoModerately interested in:Noragami 2Subete FSMT 2Lance n Masks this will probably be shit, but I'll give it the benefit of some doubt4I'm hoping that C;C will be good, but the odds are really against it.Schwartesmarken I can only hope will get a decent director and scriptwriter, the studio are unlikely to be better than Satelite - who are probably meanwhile letting Kawamori go mad with whatever thing he's content to shit out next for Macross.more fucking card game shitSo these are the new fantasy battle harems clearly.KizuGirls WorkUTDever happeningPff
2C;CZero probably airs on next year's fall.
Heavy ObjectNoragamiOPMSubete ga FSakurako-sanLooks interesting overall. At least I will try these.
7Would you hack a doll, /a/?
All aboard the Chou Chou train. Moefags off the track.
0I hope OPM is terrible
K Return of Kings looks amazingclass="quote"Neko fighting seriouslyMUH DICK
4I want to fuck Suigintous stomachThen cast her aside like the junk she is.
4tba?
6BLUELUE
7Are you really asking what TBA means?
7AsteriskHeavy objectLance N'masquesShinmai2 harems, not bad.
1I heard old MC still there and Aria still lusting for his dick.
7Asterisk, Heavy Object, K S2, Shinmai Maou, and Arpeggio Cadenza.4Bakuon!, Hidan no Aria AA, Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!, Rakudai Kishi, Saenai S2, Steins;Gate 0.I really hope Top Gear: the Anime is a good watch.
Should I watch this chaos;head first before this chaos;child air? I heard the ED is the best part.
79Not everyone is born native englishman . To be aired isn't it?
4Savanna Gameit's been 2 years
ctrl + f Haikyuuno resultsIt was one of the best shows of 2014, i'm hyped.
4kono subarashii sekai ni shukufuku wo!Hyped for this, especially since LN translations are back up after translator got paid his jew tax.
4Chain ChronicleHoly shit that came out of no whereI just got into the game and i see thisIm fucking hyped now
7harmony, redjuice designsocean-dwelling spaceship student councilawww yis
Oh shit, Big Order is getting an OVA.
4Wasn't Bakuon!! comfirmed for airing this Fall?High Score GirlGoddamnit.
4Just play the game Dont bother with the show
Can I just follow that table on wikipedia to get into macross?
4Cyborg 009no
K haikyuunoragami High school musical homos
7Noragami S2One Punch ManSakurako-san no Ashimoto ni wa Shitai ga UmatteiruHacka Doll: The AnimationGirls und Panzer MovieGyakusatsu KikanHarmonyHigh Speed!: Free! Starting DaysShisha no TeikokuWake Up Girls Movie 2Yuki-chan and Noragami OVAs4Bakuon!!BREETSCHLAGFushigi na Somera-chanLegend of the Galactic Heroes remakeGirls' Work FUCKING WHEN UFOTABLEGochiUsa S2Long Riders!Genesis 2Strike Witches 3Valkyrie DriveYuru Yuri S3Da HaiEvangelion Movie 4Heaven's FeelKizuKoe no KatachiLittle Witch Academia 2Nanoha 3rd ReflectionUnder the Dog
Kekkai sensen Season 2
7The list isn't even half complete. Wait until mid-summer.
4i hope that they make the new LOGH a moe show just to piss you faggots off
4Kizumonogatari
Sure watch :NoragamiSakurakoSubete ga F ni naruYoung Black JackHigh Speed movieaShisha no teikokuHarmonyMaybe digimon...4Fire GirlThis project is still alive? MomokuriI dont know anything about this but am really curious. The art looks soft and adorable as fuck I only knew it since I owned the sticker in LINENORN9I'm curious how they will handle this. It's a reverse harem otome VN adaptation but with 3 FeMCShishouReLIFETaboo TattooCyborg 009 remake by SunriseS;G 0DO WANT
6You're not alone
Only the new steinsgate series the rest is shit for me cause i dont see anime
7To be announced. Basically, shows that don't have an specific airdate announced yet
7Heavy Object. Hoping that they'll get a certain singer to sing songs for the series.
6If you are gonna watch K S2, don't forget to watch the movie It's been subbed for a while. A few important plot development happen there
People, before complaining like idiots about fall being shit, consider that there are little shows to begin with I expect more stuff to be announced for the season
4there are people who still believe Kizu will happen
7Index III ;_;
8That's because we're getting more sequels now than we used to, because studios barely do 2+ cours nowadays
7Heavy ObjectKNoragami Brotherhood10 Bit ManSeraph of the EdgeShinmai Maou Burst
7Pretty much nothing, most of it looks like gay stuff.
4Girls' Work never.
7What's with all the fujoshit?Picking up sakurako and subete.Into the trash for the rest. At least the movie portion look good.
6ThisFuck fujoshit
I guess this is the price to pay for a couple of good seasons in a row.
7Noragami season 2? fucking Noragami?
9The industry is changing, most of these people that struggled to make money are now selling out.The amount of real life events we have in Japan, with regards to fujoshit bait shows, their merch and so on, is just disgusting.Seeing those beings leave their rooms with their little shrines and be awkward and disgusting in public places..just god
4Shiken ShoutaiAw fuck yiss.Can't wait for the /a/nons that will watch this without knowing the source and expecting a harem will only get suffering.
This season was too good, i hope the next will have a nice surprise too.
4Fucking drifters at last
7almost nothing but homoshitFujoshit aren't ruining the industry they said.
3I'm not gonna defend the fujoshi but you say that like yurifags and idolfags haven't done that for years now
7Do I need to watch Revival of F to understand Subete ga F?
yfw this anon was right
Wake UP Girls 2.1.
, 
KOUME!It's eight of clock!WAKE UP!
The 3rd of October can't come soon enough.
The 3rd of October can't come soon enough.
I want to sleep through the entirety of October 3rd.
I've been seeing these threads for a long time now, but I don't get it: what does October 3 have to do with anything? As far as I know that's Madoka's birthday.Also, why Taisho Baseball Girls of all anime? Other than these threads that anime is largely forgotten now.inb4 lurk moar
Man these threads are just as bad as the Key Girl threads. Circle jerking every day. The difference though is that the anime is long over so there's nothing to discuss anymore.
0You're retarded.Lurk more, or even just google for once.
9I already did, and I can't find how October 3 has anything to do with the series. Or why that scene, of all the scenes possible, is a meme.
of clock
9Then you're really retarded.
9The archives go all the way back. You can use it.
Good Evening, Koume.
9Can't find anything relevant. Only that it was already a meme in October 2011.
1Two hours off faggot.Way to ruin my day.
0Hello, monkey.
42011Also Faggot.
I checked the archives and even went as far back as 2009, and I can't find anything which discusses the link between Koume and October 3. What's it all about? It's not even on Know Your Meme.
The 3rd of October can't come soon enough.
The 5th of November can't come soon enough.
So why October 3 again? I went through the archives and I couldn't find anything relevant.
1So is this show worth watching for anything else than the fact that I can circlejerk with all you other faggots in these threads?
1Don't expect an answer. The people here are just like those BKG threads: only wanting to circlejerk and asking people who want actual discussion to get out.
3Because.
3I gave you a post number, if you can't figure it out by yourself, then leave.
1People post a single post and go on their way with the thread dying after less than 20 posts and that is circlejerking?You don't understand the difference between this thread and they Key thread you keep on mentioning, nor why you should shit on one of them and not the others. You are just a monkey newfag throwing shit at whatever you think will make you feel more superior and and feel like you are not the cancer, but fighting it. Now shut up and leave the thread to die on its own, if you hate it so much.
5Because what? I've searched at my usual places even older threads, and I can't find anything about October 3. In fact, most of the hits I could find on the Archive are anons who are just as puzzled as I am.
7It's a circlejerk because they do the same thing every day.7The post you linked did not answer my questions.
9Maybe stop being so obnoxious about your newfaggotry. Fuck off.
7If you just answered my questions I would have fucked off by now.
0Then you really are stupid. The answer is inside that thread.
3Why would I spoonfeed, so you can feel like you are fitting in tomorrow and you spout it too? Why don't you bother watching the damn thing or something, instead of whining you don't understand some "maymay?"
1Koume becomes my and all the other Ausfags midnight reminder againI am guessing that Australia goes through some daylight saving thing like Americlaps do?
1Anonymous Tue 23 Mar 2010 20:00:17 No.32462723 ReportQuoted By: What happens then?J !!VfRninXKCz+ Tue 23 Mar 2010 20:02:17 No.32462747 ReportKoume becomes my and all the other Ausfags midnight reminder again.Doesn't answer my question.
3Was it so hard?
399holy shit that's not even the answerEven the "oldfags" who think they have all the answers are newfags.
1Besides, the threads had been going on long before that post you linked.Also, I looked up episode summaries of the show and couldn't find anything about an October 3.
newfags trying to ruin koume alarm clockThis thread makes me so happy. Let it burn. Let it all burn.
9I was not the anon that was questioning this before.
0It's a circlejerk because they do the same thing every day.You have no idea what a circlejerk is, I guess breathing is now circlejerking.
6Let me correct myself: circlejerking because they're *posting the exact same thing every single day*. But BKG has an edge over these threads: at least those threads are welcoming of newfags. But not these.

7
Makes me wonder what the gang is up to these days.
8They're dead or decrepit.
7Are you also going to call "thanks doc" a circlejerk too?And why are you under the impression that more people knowing about something is inherently good?
5Come on, just tell my why October 3 of all dates, then I'll leave the thread.
0You soil a Koume thread and now expect me to spoonfeed you?No.
9You were the one who ruined it. If you just answered my question when I first asked I would have left the thread alone.
Is Taisho Baseball Girls any good? Both manga and anime.
1You're the one who asked the fucking question in the first place, if you can't find the answer lurk more or you're shit out of luck.
0These threads get at most 10 replies each day.And that 10 is the deep end.Today is an exception because you're an idiot.1017Are you being retarded on purpose? Please, I hope you're being retarded on purpose.Anyway, Daily Dose: 
Why are Koume threads so unfriendly with newfags? Some people are just genuinely curious.
I want Koume's clothes after she's spent a day playing baseball in the heat. The smell of active, adolescent girl embedded in fabric drenched in her blooming body's sweat is something I'd kill for. After all, hygiene in the Taishou era must not have been as good as it is today.No Pic related: I want a whiff. I want to hold her close to me in a loving embrace, and inhale the fragrance that wafts from her body.Oh and her feet must smell delicious too.

6I have no interest in baseball and hate sports fiction, but really liked the show. They use the historical setting well, the characters are by and large likable, and the story works well even if you're mostly disinterested in the sport itself.
4Yeah, I noticed that too. There doesn't even tend to be any discussion of the show.And I'm not retarded. I genuinely did not see anything that would answer the question.
0Why are Koume threads so unfriendly with newfags?You have come to the wrong site.
Remember, remember, the third of October.
5i-if you don't like it, get out!no girls allowed, boys tree house only
I'm about halfway through this series.HOLY FUCKThis beats most sci-fi anime in the ass.Gundam now sucks.Macross now sucks.Every space opera anime compared to this behemoth pales in comparison.I've been an anime fag since the early 90's, and it's taken me this long to find it?!The fuck.This show is tits.No fucks given, characters being killed left and right.
5What about Outlaw Star?
The history episode was the best.
6big fat titties and drunk dudesLol hell yea2Outlaw star was good, but not a realistic anime, this show has no hoodoo voodoo magicBut Outlaw Star was the first box set I bought when I was a kid.Melfina is my pilotuJehuty and the other ZOE Ai are my crewmates
Bump for great justiceAnyone that is looking for a long 110+ eps and movies series that takes war and sci-fi serious should watch this.It's quickly become one of my favorite anime of all time.Seriously no fucks are given, there is no plot shield, anyone that is dumb enough to get killed does.
Everyone in this board already watched this. OP confirmed for 12 years old.
0Just to swallow your bait and poop it out.I'm 26. Not everyone is as hardcore a weeb, and not everyone that comes to post on /a/ only visits /a/.I saw this posted on /pol/, and attempted to play the ROM for the SNES back when I was heavy in to emulation.That does not mean it doesn't deserve a thread raising awareness, and I highly doubt new /a/ tards raised on moe shit have seen it.The only bewbs you see are on fat women, and so far not one pantyshot.This is also a bump.
6I'll watch it. I am 12 but 
Welcome OP to our ranks. Enjoy your stay, and yes they are making a new episodes for logh, in the same universe.Once you are done with the main season you can watch "gaiden" which is a prequel series to the main show. Not as good as they main series but if you are fan, you will love it.
Space Adventure Cobra isn't half bad either
2Ergh dont you talk about the duelist
2shame, I really liked the old animation, but I've gotten used to the larger budgets.I'll probably watch everything and read everything related to it now. Wish the books were translated, I've got all of the Vampire Hunter D books that were released in english.Sadly I made the mistake of reading spoilers, and am trying to not let it ruin the show.I really enjoy the bishounen style, it's a really nice thing to see instead of flappy skirts, panties, and bewbs bouncing everywhere on screen. I really started to hate fan service once I realized it's purpose.
6you know you liked it
2but not a realistic animUnlike LoGH?
6Other than stupid catching the blade thing it was really good.
6Oh really? How about the mystical land of japan, home to the greatest schools of swordsmanship? Forgiving those two things its still not "really good", it's ehhhh, but those two things push it other the edge
Bump for Mein Kaiser
OP confirmed for 8years old
9Haven't seen any magic caster shells used so far unlike OS.7I respect the dubs sir, not you.3I had feels for kircheis T_T
9Oh boi that is cancer. Oh well a LogH thread is a Logh thread.Reminder that Reinhard's victory was due to his subordinates disobeying orders, not due to any grand strategy
Most cancerous thread this month, congrats OP.
9Oh boi that is cancer.Which part?reminder your reply does nothing but bump my thread hue hue hue hueReminder that Reinhard's victory was due to his subordinates disobeying orders, not due to any grand strategySo?
9Yay I win for June, it's not like we have the rest of the month or anything!I AM THE VICTOR
7I said a logh thread is logh thread, discussion is rareMy post was meant to provoke discussion, believe it or not there are people who believe Reinhard was more skilled than yang in some aspects of war
5How about Seikai no Senki? It's nice.
7Reinhard had way better war machine altogether, but I think Yang easily trumps him in sheer skill. Problem is that Yang pretty much always fought with one hand tied behind his back.
7You haven't said what was the cancer.Some one new appreciating the show is cancer to you? How hipster of you.The second partHe had more ambition that's for sure, and if my memory is working said that Kircheis was better at commanding than him And better at hand to hand, but I've yet to see the Duelist etc. as well as being just and righteous to the people.Oberstein a dick.4Looks like moe of the stars to me, but I'll do some reading.I stopped watching anime years a go after I realized it was gearing towards more and more shows that I didn't really like.peoples face when the last two shows I watched were Initial D and Macross Frontier
9T_TLurk more
9you stink of reddit, lurk more
9True true, but he tied his own hands with his ideology.Like they said, different water.
5Sorry to ask the stupid question, but which version on nyaa is the "best" version?
0lurk more4lurk moreSamefag?I have no problem with reddit, but I do only go there for creepypasta series stories since /x/ really sucks.Is there a rule that no one that has visited reddit can post on /a/?Also general thank you for keeping this bumped.
9wasnt it part of the story that they are very much on the same level in skill but Reinhard has far lessskill in waiting paitencelyAlso Yang has plot armoureven if he outmatches Mein Kaiser it cant be that ~10.000 Yang ships survive a full barange from imperial ships and at the end they have near 9000 ships left
7I'm not sure, but you want to skip certain BR release which decided to redraw certain scenes and it's really, really obvious.
7No idea, I just started watching it on youtube because I was lazy with my google search, found a channel that had most if not all the episodes.I don't really care about subs as long as I can work out the meaning of the gibberish.Localization vs straight translationI don't want to start that fight, I had enough of that when I cared about rom translations.mfw I have credits on at least one SNES rom trans
5I've been an anime fag since the early 90's, and it's taken me this long to find it?!I was born around the 90s and watched anime on TVI'm new to this board, but I decided to try and fit in
1wasnt it part of the story that they are very much on the same level in skill but Reinhard has far lessskill in waiting paitencelyThat part is true about Reinhard's personality, but I don't think their "powerlevels" are ever even remotely established. Except that Kircheis was probably better than both of them and Lapp was implied by Yang to be way better than him because he supposedly had the same talent except he also took his education seriously.
Is this actually like, hard sci-fi?I thought it was just a military drama, but in space.Might bump it up a bit on my backlog if it's as sci-fi as you seem to let on.
5I don't really care about subs as long as I can work out the meaning of the gibberish.considering logh is mostly about people talking it's one exception where you should care about the translation
1 plot armour
8My uncle did the whole anime VHS pirate thing when he was young, so I got to watch those growing up. Lots of shit I didn't understand, and lots and lots and lots of hentai.I didn't see DBZ until later 2000's and didn't really enjoy it. 20 ep screaming match and monster of the season shit.Now I actually kind of like it lol.btw do some math, I'm 26, I was born in 89.
7You wanna now what the cancer is? The way you type/talk pains me, it pains others. This is the meaning of painfully obvious, as in it is painfully obvious that you arent from around here. There is meaning to the phrase "lurk more"
7The one I'm watching isn't a speedsub or anything, but it's not 10/10 either, their are misspellings and from some googling some names being spelled differently.Over all I'd say the sub I'm watching is above tier.
4that bottom picture looks hideous.75Ya im looking for both the best version so I can enjoy it the most, and for my archives.
2Nice dubs.You are right, first time I've posted on /a/ congrats. I usually post with a trip too on my home board, but that's a different board with a different board culture so suck it.Now bump my thread more.
This retard is clearly from /v/.
Don't forget the prime truth of this world, republican scum
4try again!It is fun to see how easily some of you are trolled just because I am not up on your /a/ posting style
4Nah, we ain't got people there who don't call others faggot within their fist sentence and we long lost dubs to notice them. I imagine he's from /mlp/ or /co/.
5Well of course what he's saying is true, good "x" is generally better than bad "y"6Can you delete your own thread? Because if you can thats the only benefit the op has compared to every other poster.
9Kircheis and Lapp were the best admiralsNah, you have to take the words of the friends of the diseased with a grain of salt. Kircheis was the world to Reinhard, so obviously Reinhard inflates his value. Likewise Yang was always super humble, so he constantly deflates his own value.Kircheis was probably on par with Reinhard and like Yang he had a knack for social engineering, but I seriously doubt anyone could ever truly compare to Yang when it comes to the art of war Reinhard said that "together" with Kircheis he could have beaten Yang, which gives you an idea how Reinhard ranked Yang's skill as an admiral.
5In essence it works like this: democracy levels the ability of the ruler while dictatorship amplifies them, so a good dictator is much better than a good president while the bad dictator is worse than George W. Bush.The problem is that people somehow always tie dictatorship with monarchy and make power heredetory. If we could devise system that would filter the most worthy candidate and then give him power equal to dictator it would work, other way we always end up with someone who enjoys castrati choirsi.e. fucking faggot.
7I just went for the laser disc rip. Sure it's not as clear as the BD version, but I didn't want to watch those redrawn shenanigans.
8It's not hard sci-fi. It's a space opera.
7Agreeing with kircheis not being as good as yang, just look at that one time that kircheis has yang outnumbered 3 to 1 and still couldnt beat him. To be fair he didnt lose either, but he let yang get away when the odds were stacked in his favour
Lapp dying was a pretty sad moment, especially seeing how it was a completely meaningless death. Fucked over by a dumb-ass superior.
0Would you just hide the thread?It's the only benefit you have of not being op.Other than trying to shitpost, which just bumps my thread and keeps discussion going.Or are you trying to white knight for /a/?
5Nah, inherent problem with democracy which is the root of all its evils is that it assumes people are intelligent enough to know what they're voting on and informed enough to form their opinion about it before casting ballots. Neither of these are completely true in practice.Why are you voting for person X?BECAUSE HE'S MY RACE!
8It's a space opera, essentially a war drama set in space.
9Yeah. Though the personality of the two commanders did make them intentionally avoid a costly conflict, that's a good example.In the beginning of the series Yang also took over his numerically inferior and collapsing fleet and turn the battle around into a stalemate against Reinhard and Kircheis. Before that in the 1h pilot episode Yang also manages to pull a fast one on the two by taking their command ship hostage. Reinhard wasn't joking when he said he needed the help of Kircheis to be on even ground with Yang.
0Nigga keeping the logh thread going is my goal, i did say that a logh thread is a logh thread. Of course you realize the longer you stay here shitting up the logh thread the more likely youll get yourself spoiled
4So I want to get the TV version?
5A good X leader is better than a bad Y leader? No shit.But why are you making that comparison in the first place?Just because X is better than Y doesn't mean X is good.Would you rather eat shit and then feel sick for a week, or eat a poisoned apple and die? I'm sure most people would choose the former, but that doesn't make former a good meal.There's more to administration of society than just "efficiency". It's better to live in a freer, more democratic society than a closed, totalitarian society, even if the standard of living in the latter society is somewhat higher.
2Pretty much. It's 4:3, but also expected. Either that or Laser Disk version.
, 
, 
, 
, 
If all of Archer's swords are copies of swords he's seen then where the fuck did these come from.
somewhere
9yoiu know he can also change the sword size like he turned caladabolg to a arrow?
Saw them in a book?
, 
Been away a while. Vaguely remember this shit was meant to save anime. Mission accomplished or nah?
Noel saved it but wasn't strong enough to save anime too.Poor Noel
6It takes a good loli to save a series. But it takes a great one to save an industry.
It was a bit wonky at the start but I loved it all in all.Of course it sold like shit.
On which sora would you use your method?
2It was the studio's first show and the animation was pretty interesting at times, I just wish it didn't end up as just pseudo-keyshit.
2 this shit was meant to save animeLooking back, to think we thought that I had hope is hilarious.
8When only episode 1 had aired this was my favorite, Noel was my favorite girl that season, and I start everything, yet I still never finished it.
Bad show, dead franchise. I feel bad for the studio because they did a great job most of the time, hope they get hired more.
I actually like shows like this. This one wasn't very great, but it wasn't very bad either.8There was a franchise?
It wasnt the best show airing at the time but it sure was a fun rideNoel a best
1
would have been a better ending if they kept Noel gone
6Noel was a great loli, but she just barely saved her own anime.
KYOTOANI WILL NEVER FINISH WHAT THEY STARTEDTHERE WILL NEVER BE K-ON SEASON 3THERE WILL NEVER BE HARUHI SEASON 3IM SORRY DID YOU LIKE KYOUKAI NO KANATAFUCK YOUHOPE YOU DONT GET ATTACHED TO HIBIKE BECAUSE THERES ONLY 12 EPISODES
9K-ON SEASON 3What for? What about?
5The girls in the class below them. Ui and her friendsand the bitch Azu-nyan.The older girls in college. Did you not read the manga newfag?
k-on s3Already confirmed that it will never be happened according to TBS.haruhi s3Blame author and kadokawa.Also kyoAni don't own both of them.
9NICHIJOU 3 TOO FAG
53
7I can understand not animating the rest of K-On, Season 2 ended in a good place, and it may not be worth animating the rest.Haruhi Season 3 is because of Kadokawa, not KyoAni. Haruhi rakes in big bucks, only a fucking mong would believe that Kyoani refuses to make itFuck Kyoukai no KanataHibike will get a season 2, I guarantee it
What about the most important series, Free?Kyoani can't resist the fujoshi dosh and fujoshi can't resist the college homo antics.
0What, and ruin the awful implied yuri ending they are leading up to? No way.
7There's no need to animate the college manga. It'll only serve to ruin the state of perfection which the series has achieved.
Eh, Kyoukai got movies. I'll take what I can get.
9K-On! got S2 and then a movie. KnK got a movie. Tamako Market got a movie. Fuck you OP.
0It has the shota movie coming and I wouldn't be surprised if they went on to make more movies about middle school days. It's just that there isn't much story to tell for a "season 3" since the boys went to college.
9不愉快です!
9Why the fuck do you people like these series so much? They're trash. Bring back FMP and we'll talk.
2KyoAni finally does something that doesn't take place in high school Free's movie so another movie about college isn't impossible from the looks of it.
9They finished K-on.They finished Chuu2, twice.They finished Tamako Market with the movie.They finished KnK with the movies.They finished Free!, and will make a prequel.They finished Clannad.With these I don't mean that there's no source material left, I mean that they gave a proper conclusion and there's no need for more.
9K-On ended nicely. The real question is where's the new Amaburi and FMP?
7K-On ended nicely. The real question is where's the new Amaburi and FMP?Amaburi is still being written. FMP is dead.
9Fuck KyoFanny, they betrayed their fans.
9HOPE YOU DONT GET ATTACHED TO HIBIKE BECAUSE THERES ONLY 12 EPISODESZ volumes.13 episodes and an OVA.Bet you feel pretty dumb now, huh?
8How the hell did I type in Z instead of 7?
3I seriously hope this is just a meme.
9wanting more KnK
Where can I find a summary as to what's the 2nd KnK movie is about?
9No KnK season 2instead only has two movieThank God.
8Bet you feel preety dumb now, huh?
2archives. Mirai doesn't get her memories back, She's confirmed to be the real one, her hair turns black at the end, she and akki finally kiss. I want an Amagi brilliant park movie next.
9THERE WILL NEVER BE K-ON SEASON 3Thank god for that.
9She's confirmed to be the real oneWhat a waste.
9I thought the real Mirai died and the one that came back was some sort of recreation?Do they show the kiss on-screen, and properly?
5Kyoanion-screen kissAmagi doesn't quite counts.
5what is ponytails turn me on
5She did die, Akki's connection with Kyoukai no Kanata and his strong as hell feelings for her caused it to spit her back out in a new body, sans memories. Remember when Mirai entered the place and she started carrying around that Akkey puppet? It's like that.
1implying that long distance shit even counts
0For once, I'd want to see Kyoani doing a close up shot of on-screen kiss, with saliva and stuff.implying Shinka/Deko kiss counts
, 
Drawfag Thread 1505second rarfag's files until thread 1499:Friends Booru!help a little by tagging pics!Tag list of artists and colorists: a delivery or sudden 404? references and tablet guide: 1504 6
Requesting Marimo from Teekyuu dressed as Admiral Kunkka. The joke is a pun with Teekyuu's next season opening 
Requesting Gyro Zeppeli and Duke Nukem duking it out.
Requesting Berserker fighting Artorias.
Requesting a hairstyle chart of Rias.
Requesting something with Senjougahara and Staples, the office supply retailer. Such as:getting moist at the sight of aisles and aisles of well-stocked pencils, rulers, protractors, and stationery.In an employee uniform and in Gate of Babylon pose, as various office products emerge from behind, with "Yeah, We Got That" caption.
824Done. I think I'm getting faster at this.
9Muh dick great work.
Requesting Eruka from Soul eater with a tiny pack like the frog on the right.
Requesting Archer as a witcher.
2Do these kinds of requests count as /v/? I can't tell.
1OR for that and I have no idea either.
1it's half /a/ half /v/ so it depends on the OR for where to post it.
1Tricky. Archer as Geralt is /a/, Geralt as Archer is /v/
6Interested in doing this. I might do this, but please don't expect too much, OR.
4Ok, thanks for considering.
1Seriously, who cares?
Requesting a sequel to this suggested by the replies to this comic where Madoka unties Kyubey's tail out of her stupid innocent, only for Kyubey to then use the tail to get Madoka into a trance.
It's time to rise and shine, general.
8Raise this.
3 hours20 posts
Requesting Leopard being dastardly, campily evil. Either actual Evil or just silly ineffectual evil.
9Not sure if you planned to color this yourself. If so, my bad, couldn't resist. Nice work.
Requesting anything of Acnologia, or him in a suit.
Requesting Kurumi as a Dragon Monster girlRefs: imgur.com/a/0ACR1
Requesting Kumiko covering her nose in disgust while saying "Your music STINKS! ...oh god, that wasn't the trumpet, was it?"
Requesting tasteful lewds of Tohka in tight clothing.
8My dick is very pleased.
Requesting Sandalphon left playing with plushies of the Gunbuster bugs middle while Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann tells the view that Gainax is over meaning this will never happen.
Requesting Gorg and Galient shaking hands because they are finally appearing in a Super Robot Wars game, please.
Requesting fusion of Arata Demon Lord Form, Issei Balence Breaker and Tatsumi Incursio.
/r/ing a preview of the upcoming game show collage, pls.
Hana wearing clothes either cute or lewd. Like a race queen.
Tamamo in this armor but accented like her robes
A rendition of the Lady and the Tramp cover with Iori and Yayoi.
I want a picture of Cobra from Space Adventure Cobra and Dandy from Space Dandy hanging out together.
Gasper from High School DxD dressed as any version of Snake from Megal Gear and sitting in his cardboard box
What is the drawfags opinion on Patreon?I'm starting to see a lot of artists using it and make their NSFW or other stuff only available to their patreon and "backers", make me feel kinda cheated to be honest...
8Nothing is stopping you.
8It's just people paying for art, it'd be nice if it was all free but there's nothing wrong with artists showing their work only to those who've paid for it.
8Unless you're a talent-less hack with no shame, you'll probably have a hard time gaining a lot of followers.
Draw characters who have sisters, preferred girls, or inviting them
38Well, why not after all if the guy is still posting free stuff, let's say he wouldn't have made those exclusive pics if he didn't have backers. Though Patreon is only something you do after being sure you'll have a lot of followers that will pay.
98Ah nuts, meant to reply to you two, but somehow made a new thread instead of replying on this one 6I better go back to sleep...
5
Requesting colour489And wearing anything really small and tight on her chest
7Thanks smurfu, that was pretty quick.
8you would need a good amount of existing stuff so you're better known by how you do things. most of the artists making a good chunk through things like that are pretty well known with years of stuff out there already. i would start by simply having it there as an option while you build a following.
Lewds and anything or catgirl Black Heart/Noire
8Sure. I think people would probably give money to people like Boa, Rori or BB in a heartbeat.I'm sure people will upload me the lewds they find anyways, even If I don't donate.
I'd like Cthune right having happy sex and Kuuko maybe catching her with her face darkened, or Kuuko getting fingerfucked beside her, maybe Cthune teasing her nipple or clit.Or the other way around for either/both.
3yfw collages are all patron exclusivesI don't have a shocked facial reaction picture
3
8I actually like the concept of Patreon, unless artists are keeping their end product behind a pay-wall which is retarded in so many ways.
Requesting yuri
Leo doing what Shinji did with Asuka in NGE please, or sticking it in as she sleeps.
5Or do White in twin/single braided hair or in some slutty/sexy clothing like 4's
Please someone draw a tribal girl Homura, Ikaruga, and/or Yomi from Senran Kagura, like this pic here? Maybe also 126001951 or using pampered 'ojou-sama' type girls 126077280
Has you ever managed to make a face with a proper nose looks good, drawfags?
5Give Boa time, the guy is busy with stuff. Alsowooden floors in my catchpaIs anyone else finding out of place images?
The Puma twins with more mischevious grins, one licking lips and crawling towards the viewers, clearly pre-sex or pre-rape if you want to look at it like that, similar to for reference.
I would like to request porn of Nova from Yuushibu please and thank you.
Requesting pirate Karen getting da booty!posting small coloring WIP, slowly getting there!
3Yeah I know, I just want to see what the full thing looks like as it progresses. Maybe one day I could become a drawfag.
8Nah, you're fine. Wanted to experiment with some stuff earlier but was too tired.also, it's unclear, but didn't mean for some of those lines to be big gaps in her hair
6That's why I'm actually starting to dislike Patreon since a lot of artist start to use it as a paywall.
4not Booty Warrior
Vert as a slut; piercings, a tramp-stamp, skimpy clothes, etcOr wearing Hestia's outfit from DanMachi to make her breasts look even larger
5My face.
0Did you know that someone already did this?
5You sicko!Note how I didn't say "racist" like SJWs these days complain about.
52 real 4 me.
Requesting Meow and Aria doing something together as cat bros.
5Nice social commentary there
CLEAR!
Rossweisse getting a boyfriend
Someone draw Leon, the protag of GARO anime, killing a non-human girl, demon would be best.
1You've been requesting this for so long. Ganbatte, anon!
1I love Garo, I wish others here did too. I'd request the live-action if I could.
2Looks like Jasper from Steven Universe.
Fino giving a titfuck please
5I think I'll take a break from this for now...
Will reading through Loomis and other books/guides without drawing examples help me learn or is not worth bothering without drawing examples?
7Great work. Looking forward to the finished product.
9Either one helps, though the best ones would have examples to drive their points home.
7I might be biased because my waifu is in there, but I'm absolutely loving this. Looking great, Boa
9What are you talking about? Loomis has a lot drawing examples
7Looking awesome.
requesting Tamamo from FateExtra in this7angry dalian is cute
7Can't wait until this is finished! Thank you Boa!dat Aika poseQuick question, is she facing away?
2Well her butt isn't
2Quick question, is she facing away?Why do you care, do you want to see her gagged mouth and full face?
7Well her butt isn'tVery nice.3do you want to see her gagged mouth and full face?I'd be lying if I said I didn't.
1As in, will I learn from Loomis and other books/guides if I only read them and save completing tasks and examples for a later date?
2angry dalian is cuteTrue, I do wonder why she gets two tape strips though.
If the anon that request this is somehow still lurking, well, here it is, Lain with bane maskMy laptop suddenly stopped functioning almost a month ago and i couldn't post it when i finished nor doing anything else, so sorry for the crappy quality of the draw. it should be better.
1artistic choice?8I'd be lying if I said I didn't.You can't have a nice legs-ass combo and gagged face, anon.
6You can't have a nice legs-ass combo and gagged face, anon.Objection! Mind you the bangs are in the way, but otherwise having both is possible.
8You won't get anything out of them if you don't practice the ideas, but you also don't need to draw exactly what the books tell you to in order to practice the ideas.
6You can't have a nice legs-ass combo and gagged face, anon.Yes you can, the human waist can do this ya know.In all seriousness, nice work Boa.
Can there be more drawings of this? Girls with tails/ears grooming them
Requesting something lewd of these two.
3not wanting to see a beauty's face let alone with her sweet lips sealed shut by stick and strength as she shows off her bare legs and superb rectum supported by strong hips
1Plus that's not even a full waist turn, a little more and you can get the rest of the face.
7Cool so far, I like the accuracy and the various reactions are comical and amusing.
7People didn't actually request their waifus to be gagged and put in glass jars like a trophy collection, did they?
516Alright, I was wrong. Although in the end its all Boa's decision and he is taking a break from it for a while, lets honor that.
5People didn't actually request their waifus to be gagged and put in glass jars like a trophy collection, did they?Its a game show, anon. The glass containers are likely inspired by Batman Forever because during the inception one anon linked the climax scene from it.5lets honor that.Agreed, he's been very kind and tolerated us so far and has done a superb job on this.
Futayo doing some Capoeira or doing a pole-vault with her spear
5Compared to all the other things that get requested, this bothers you?
5tell me
5Does it matter if they did? Seems pretty innocent compared to what gets requested.
6Who would this qualify for this? I can only think of Holo and that fox chick from Kankon. There are too many cat girls who don't have fluffy enough tails
32Trophy waifus is barely a step above haremfagging.
8Done with the weekend thread already?
7Requesting that a waifu is included in a collage makes her a "trophy waifu"? What the hell are you going on about?
9I'm not the regular guy
4I have trouble believing that you're replying to a sentient human being.
r/ing some WIPs perhaps?
Could someone please draw me some hair for this bitch, please. I added an example from another character from the same series, and references below. Thanks 
9
2Why do people play games they clearly don't enjoy?
7It is a damn game show, not trophy displaying although that would make the ultimate 4chan allegory.
0Money
Requesting this but with Shirou and swords.
3Never underestimate horny bastards in a draw thread.
6game showwhat game are they playing?
Kagami trying to comb her messy hair please.
6First woman to get the most semen from men fapping to them wins. I think.
6Who can pretend to be an amiibo the longest.
0yeah, I read the archive after I post that. Doesn't even make sense. I don't get why anyone would want their waifu sexualize, guess people just don't care.
0I don't get why anyone would want their waifu sexualizeYou're on 4chan, the rule 34 capitol of the internet, and you say this.
0wait what? I didn't read about that. first time I'm hearing this.
Requesting Young or/ casual Caster.
If someone could draw Haqua, that would be amazing. Anything would be fine.
why pg 10?
0because waifu thread is still up.
Posting something I just finished coloring
Can I get a pic of Killua in a wedding dress?
2Alright, time to sleep now.
2Fucking love it.
5Why did you post this here and not in the weekend thread?
5Noice.
Requesting an older Mikan trying to suppress an orgasm during a lecture on hereditary genetics.
8older Mikanthen what's the point?
Anyone have a coloring request before I get to color this retoree pic? 9
5Don't sexualize the frog.
2Good stuff.
2Well damn you were the last person I expected to do this either way nice job on it and glad too see you doing something nonlewd, hope to see more of it, thanks smurf.
8Any particular capoeira pose you prefer?
5Smurf did you ever continue this?
requesting asuka langely wearing a micro bikini and doing the lewdest as fuck pose you can think of like full arms over her head and crouching ultra lewd
1Me! I'm dropping this I suck at coloring
5Hmmm, pass
5I tried
4Base colors are ok, why not continue with the shading?
3cuz I suck, I've been trying for a while and I can't get it right
1Well keep doing it until you do
Rate my manga, /a/
2nd page
6No, anything is okay
7are you vietnamese by any chance
71I've seen worse. It reminds me of that Naruto one where Iruka converts everyone to Islam, actually.
7And your post reminds me of that doujin where sasuke impregnates naruto.
7And your one just reminded me of Naburo.
1
6Holy cow, that is so cute. Thanks drawfriend!
6Excellent as always latenight~
Requesting Tsugumi with a fractured ass
Requesting Mimibro-tan petting catgirls, please!Thanks if you pick this up!
Requesting these three Rabbit units from World Trigger saying " You came to the wrong neighborhood, motherfucker"
1I know I'm pretty late but want to color this for me? I would prefer it if the armor was kind of colored after her assassin armor, but just recreating Noatsugu's colors is fine too.
9requesting tsugumi getting butt slapped
71where is chapter 1?
9But her ass already has a crack in it!
Bored, so coloring while streaming classic hip hop and probably some nujabes toohref="#p126123234" class="quotelink"4Sorry man, decided to color something else right now
Miu having sex ;Miu wearing something way to fucking small like some tube-top with words on it like ♥ SEX ;Miu wearing a kimono a bit too tight on her chest
0Aww damn. Well if you ever have any free time, I'd appreciate it!
0
I want lewd with Misaki Shokuhou from Railgun and Miku Izayoi from Date a LiveBoth have mind-controlling abilities.
Twoearle having her delicious huge breasts suckled lightly, or a fat dick fucking her beasts and her nipples pulled, until she orgasms
Requesting this miku ver getting fucked in lift and carry/standing straddle position the one where the guy is lifting the girl up while she wraps her legs around him
7
54Thanks for drawing her, well if it takes too long i understand.Hopefully learning a more effective coloring ,method will help!
7
7Please someone do this. Or a tuxedo
Requesting Nonon wipeout on a muddy parade ground. her outfit will definitely be worse for wear.
3Thanks!
Requesting Darudayu giving a footjob
6Is this show good?
1its my favorite of the season, though I haven't had much time to watch recently
4 Why did you post this here and not in the weekend thread? tfw I didShit.
1WATCH THAT SHIT, WATCH IT RIGHT FUCKING NOW!THAT LATEST EP, THAT FUCKING ENDING! OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!So yeah it's good so far. Cyan is cute as a button and has a nice round ass, chuchu is hot, retoree is a lesbian who fantasies about having Cyan in bed and gets a mini orgasm every time Cyan says "nya" and Moa has huge tits and her mom is one hot milf.But really, the show is pretty good. The characters are interesting and has the best secondary characters of any show I've seen so far MOTHERFUCKING ROM IS THE BEST. Music is ok, not a huge fan of j-pop but it's passable.Holy shit this turned into a mini review, I need sleep, but 1st:Requesting Cyan from Show by Rock and Pafu from Go princess Precure doing something cute together because those two are the most adorable thing so far this season.Optional, add Retoree looking all jealous that Cyan is with another girl Also posting a small coloring WIP.Goodnight!
6Make sure to give her two right feet.
4Asoc can/should still do it, but I figured I'd take a shot since I Naotsugu is great.
84And one in Naotsugu's colors
8You should make the collar rim red too, looks kinda disconnected when everything around is dark blue.Good job on both tho.
85Thank you so much! I love I love both of them!
Requesting this charming slut. I was thinking about having her cosplay as Guts, but anything is more than appreciated...
Requesting a POV image of Sawyer having her breast grabbed, with her holding that hand in place as if having made that hand grab her, and with kind of a sly smile on her face and some slight blush.Something vaguely like one of these:can have her shirt on, or not.
Requesting a short comic involving a loli being baited by ycake. He injects a serum into her neck and she soon starts shaking and convulsing as her body expands. Her breasts grow into massive hooters, her hips and butt expand immensely into pillowy flesh. Her belly chubs out and she grows pubic hair.She cries and screams at him to give her back her beautiful body. Ycake just proudly smiles and says, "This IS the perfect body," and opens a door leading to even more chubby girls chained on the walls, "and this is your home now"Basically, ycake destroying dfc beauty.
Any environment requests?Preferably not cities.
2Kiri from SZS suffering on a beach.
8Here, have a vaulting wip for now. Also, what did you want her wearing? A tight track outfit or her armor?
Requesting Paladin holding Fighter down and lustfully tonguing her navel, saliva dripping from her mouth and a sense of sexual pleasure on her face as Fighter squirms at her appendage probing her umbilicus. That, or Paladin lucid dreaming how Fighter is going to town on her own navel, greedily licking and slurping away at it like it’s the only source of water available to her in 3 days.I swear I posted this yesterday.
8being able to read Loomis without an overwhelming urge to try drawing what he's doingtry reading just 10 pages of Loomis and find out for yourself how irrelevant your original question is
5Loli eating out her own pussy.
2I wouldn't mind drawing environments with cities or buildings
8thisismyfetish.jpg
1I can't believe this hasn't been drawn yet.
5sorry no requests, some sketches from yesterday.
Requesting cleaning and coloring, please.
1sorryDon't be, the requests are terrible.
Nagato in the famous Joe pose, onegai!
Requesting Emiya Shirou with ancient Greek clothing chitons? and olive leaves crown preferably green.Thank you in advance!
, 
, 
, 
, 
End of Diane- Hen
9
8
4
7
6
1
Bump?
OP are you okay?
she ded
I thought it would be 3 chapters long.
8 Dat everything
after all the hype ,this is very weird and lackluster
9Were cross spear thrower ever a thing?Looks impractical for me.
69yeah it was, more tension
2
8
mangastramYeah, nah
7
00surprised that dank old meme hasnt put them out of commission yet . one day
9
0
6
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
How many times have you watched Madoka Magica?
Never
0
1Never heard of it. Looks like a Princess Tutu ripoff.
13
Too many to count.
1Once.
1fate/zero
4.../zeroDivision by zero is an error.
12 series, 2 moviesAlso pretty sure meguca porn outnumbers anything else I have saved
TV 2Rebellion 11st and 2nd Movies 0
Three or four, not sure if i finished the movies, kinda had them as background.I tend to rewatch shows when the dub comes out, though I had to rewatch in subs just to correct that mistake
1Twice plus the movies once each.
Five times, six if you count the movies.
Eleven
1The tv anime is good for a rewatch every now and then. The recaps are disappointing and murder the characterization of half the cast and Madoka in particular. I'm thankful though as they did serve to get me off the ride as I realized that Shaft was smoking some fine weed. I don't think I would have been able to handle a second Mahoromatic.
Once, just so I can tell everyone how much it sucks.By the way, it really sucks.
TV 3Movies 2Rebellion 1
For the TV show probably around 6 to 7 times.The first two movies I watched three times.Rebellion I watched about 5.
4The second movie has everything from the TV series and more though.
as many as times as homu went back in time .
Still trying to suffer through once.
6It has less nudity, though.
4Why is she so smug?
Watched the series 3 times, and Rebellion once. It's actually been a long time since I did though. Maybe I'll rewatch again soon.
Got through half. I need to finish it, but It's so hard to get through the teenage girl angst and crying bull. It can't keep or captivate my attention at all
Two. I'm not sure I'm ready for another. I turn into a blubbering mess after episode 8.Homu ;_;
6because she is the best
6Shopped smug is not real smug.
I got bored around 5 episodes in.
3but that rare homu smile is not shooed anon kun
Only speak for TV series, many but not exceeding 10times. It's actually a niwaka-tier when it comes to 80-90's otaku standard.
4Once while it was airing as I watched with /a/.The 2nd time to see anything I missed and to just enjoy it again, now with hindsight vision.A 3rd time with my Brother who wanted to watch it.And I'm counting the first two movies as watch # 4 since they are just recaps.
The second movie is the best thing to ever come out of the Madoka franchise.If you think it's the same as the TV series you're a fucking retard.
4What's so special about looking at Homura walk for 5 minutes?
At least five or six times.
I don't think Madoka has ever watched Madoka Magica.
0I mean smug maid loli.
I don't think I've watched it from start to finish more than twice, but when it was airing I would watch the last episode a few times so I'm not really sure how many times total that would work out to.
4The second movie is absolutely inferior to the TV series because it's much more obvious in that film that they were taking the TV series and compressing it into a movie.Episode 9 just dangles at the beginning, not terribly relevant to anything later on, and Episode 10 is just one big tumor in the middle of it that probably should have been its own standalone movie to begin with instead of this terribly paced mess of a movie.
Twiceone time while it was airing another time with my brother before we watched Rebellion both of us concluded that Homura did nothing wrong
.75 timesYes I'm a newfagI fucking fell asleep in 2 of the episodes. I guess the relaxed dialogue and witch fights have that effect on me.I'm still watching it
Twice. I don't understand how anyone can rewatch a show more than once every few years.
1Three times.The series.The moves.The fan cut.
14
4TFW gen urobuchi wrote both
Once, who the fuck need to watch anything twice? Unless you have shit for brains memory or were doing drugs while watching there is no need to rewatch.
TV: 3Movies: 4Rebellion: 9
6has never seen Fight Club
6has never seen The Usual Suspects, Memento, Primer, Primer, Primer, Primer, PrimerFuck. I've seen it five times now and I still get lost.
anime 3rebellion 2homura best girl
4 or 5. Not sure.
Anime: twiceMovies 1 &2: once inferior to the anime mainly due to pacingRebellion: twice and a fuckton of online reading so it feels like many more times
1Tried to once. Can't sit through shit.
once for the TV show, once for rebellion, non for the recap movies. Rewatching is a waste of time when I could watch something equally good I've never seen before
6not rewatching for enjoyment
Watched the series + Rebellion and probably going to watch the trilogy next week.Are the movies that bad though? I see a lot of hate on them
6something equally goodGood luck finding something as good as Madoka Magica.
7There are many anime better than madoka, because madoka isn't that good
7But those four suck
8dissing astroboyyou're right on the rest though
1Once. I should watch it again, sometime.Haven't finished the commentaries yet; will someday.I haven't seen Rebellion; I've only seen the first two movies once each.
98
1is this from hidamari?I'm decently behind on that
I really don't understand this one.I get it,it's Urobuchi trying to be philosophical and dark,but in the end it just came off as melodramatic and edgy Eva-Like.The ending to both the series and movie was bullshit too.You should never leave a series off on a cliffhanger unless that's where the manga endsin which case the problem lies in the manga because it comes across as a huge "buy my stuff fgt :^".For fucks sake,even EVA wrapped things up with it's ending,even if it turned out disappointing.
110
0
7implying Madoka has endedJust wait faggot, after Kizu, Shinbou will save anime once more with Madoka s2
Once was enough.
2No, it's simply infinite. Why is Kyouko so dumb?
4 times Madoka3 times movie24 times Meguca
7Madoka being anywhere near as important/influential as the other threeGave me a good laugh anon.
When it aired.When I rewatched the first episodes during the earthquake.When I watched the recap movies.When I rewatched the recap movies before Rebellion.So 4 times.
watching Madoka when Hidamari exists
1I'm about to, probably tomorrow.
7They're fine, but keep in mind some key scenes are cut. Additionally, the visual changes are only mostly an improvement. There are some instances in which the TV show looks better.
Series 3 times, recap movies once, Rebellion twice. I'm in the middle of rewatching it again but I think I'm getting tired of it. Help.
I just finished rewatching the TV series for the 6th time today, now I'm gonna go through the recap movies which I've already seen twice just to compare while it's fresh in my mind.
4Why would you watch something that many times you faggot?
6it's not
26It's not infinity. It's undefined because it's literally not possible to define it. In any field F, the map x - x*0 of multiplication by the additive identity 0 is not surjective it sends the entire field to {0} for fuck's sake and therefore the inverse map doesn't exist. You can say that the limit of the function 1/x as x approaches 0 is infinite, but the actual act of dividing by zero is undefined.
there are so called Madoka fans in these threads that have never watched the commentary tracks with Aoi Yuuki and ChiwaDisgusting.
5Homus are supposed to be weak at math tho.
4listening to squeaky Japanese voices and not the superior dub
8Not anymore.
I've watched it twice.It's good. Really good. But not really too far above that.
1
9dubsuperiormfw
9Chiwasqueaky1Something like 20 for series and movies, something like 70 for Rebellion.
2If only you knew.
Post more kyoko.
6
THESE NEW CARDS ARE RIDICULOUS
9Reminder that Shaft's brief screw up here allows one to make out her lips.
4T-that's just the stars from the background.
9Reward: 100,000,000What the hell did you do Kyouko
7She stole many people's heart.
1Just once so far. I can't decide whether to watch the TV series again or the movies.
8You can give it a gradative approach. Watch 1-8 and then shift for the films Eternal covers 9-12.
1I watched TV series, once. Then the recap movies before watching Rebellion.Then I watched the cam version of Rebellion and finally the proper version of Rebellion when it finally came out.Anything more and you're a weirdo.
1Twice, once alone and once with friends, which is the absolute maximum for me. I usually find rewatching stuff boring, especially when watching it alone twice.
One too many.As in once.
I'd make a distribution from these anon's unreliable self-reports when this thread is closed.
1Series twiceRecap movies onceRebellion twicePlanning on it being the first thing I watch every year.
I only watched all the movies once.
10.3 times.I watched the first 3-4 episodes when it first aired, then couldn't watch the rest.
9Whether or not they're telling the truth, these answers explain a lot.
Series twice, Rebellion 4 times.
9She sure is a semen demon
4semennot seedOne job.
6To save Madoka.
1Sixteen times, including the compilation films.
9Post the rest.
1TV - 1ReCap movies - 1Rebellion - 2
5Can't yet. My usual source is failing me and the booru hasn't been updated yet.
Once. Are the movie good if I wanna rewatch it but don't wanna sit through the whole thing again?
1Watched it yesterday for the first time, amazing series
3I'll wait.
1Series: Too manyRebellion: 84Nice.9tfw my sis saw this because she wanted to get ahead without me6Ok4But she is covering her face.
4Makes me want to make out with her if you know what I mean.
4Looks like testicles tbh
cock
2I had a cock, but Kyouko ate it.
1TV 12Re-cap movies 2Rebellion 11
4
4My boner couldn't survive the duck feet.
Is it normal to be so attracted to a Yuuko?
class="quote"yfw Yuuko had a canine companion all alongOne of the little things I never noticed in the series
6No, but I still am
6
attraction towards the nichijousquite irregular considering the nichijous are not sexualized in any way shape or form
6nichijous are not sexualized in any way shape or formOne of the main characters is a turbo fujoshi who draws porn of men with glasses.
9She's sexually aware, that doesn't necessarily make her sexualized.
Ya /a let me hear your godlike music tasteMy Ranking:1: Motoi SakurabaTales, Dark SoulsShiro SagisuBleach, Magi, Berserk, NGEHiroyuki SawanoAo no Exorcist, SnK, NnT
In general or anime OST composers?In general:wise:Asuka Sakai Kikuya Yuuji Sakamoto 
list sawanodon't mention unicornon that note, I'm loving his XCX music
Hajime Mizoguchi  all
1vivaldiHoly shit nigger, you gotta be joking.I don't think Sakamoto ever did anything anime.
0June 2015Still no release dateI don't want to sound too cliché, but this world SUCKS.
Calm Sawano is as good as Loud Sawano
Katou Tatsuya does fantastic stuff.
1Ryuichi SakamotoHuh. That track sounds as if it was taken straight from the Clannad OST.
Using Sakuraba's DaS workSon, don't do that, they didn't gave him room to work and we got generic chant the soundtrackVP1/2 and Star Ocean is where is at.
Sakurabadoesn't mention Golden SunRanking:1- Uematsu2- Sakuraba3- Sagisu
1Shit, now I need to replay SO2.1S1class="quote"Smotherfucking2 twoare arguably the best scenes, accompanied by the best BGMs.
0Is there a torrent for the OST already? Really want to listen how Sawano did it.
6Yes, it's on nyaa.
meg rock
SAWANO SAWANO SAWANOI WANT SAWANO TO FUCK ME IN THE ASSS A W A N OAWANO N A W A S
0mfw planning on sleeping earlyT-thanks, anon..
1Don't worry, it's only 4 hours long.
 No mention of Yuki KajiuraYou need to listen to the Kara no Kyoukai soundtrack.
, 
, 
1 7,059,400 The Seven Deadly Sins 2 7,046,066 One Piece 3 5,231,158 Assassination Classroom 4 5,047,725 Attack on Titan5 3,588,366 Haikyu!! 6 2,640,791 Tokyo Ghoul 7 2,459,918 Naruto 8 2,326,507 Blue Spring Ride9 2,303,931 Terra Formars 10 1,956,019 Yowamushi Pedal11 1,901,130 Ace of Diamond 12 1,822,201 Fairy Tail 13 1,774,654 Nisekoi 14 1,712,817 Tokyo Ghoul:re 15 1,654,498 Food Wars: Shokugeki no Soma16 1,536,516 Detective Conan 17 1,494,501 Magi 18 1,470,232 Kuroko's Basketball19 1,460,897 World Trigger 20 1,425,554 Seraph of the End: Vampire Reign21 1,409,131 One-Punch Man 22 1,380,603 Parasyte 23 1,214,859 Your Lie in April24 1,180,388 Bleach 25 1,156,132 Gintama 26 1,122,671 Kingdom 27 1,098,863 Strobe Edge28 1,085,942 Neon Genesis Evangelion29 1,060,179 March comes in like a lion30 1,054,186 Hozuki no Reitetsu
6NGE still has that much power that despite knowing the facts still surprises me to this day. Sadly though with a manga selling well this sometimes makes it last longer than it should when the writer gets greedy and decides to drag things out a big.Makes me wonder how long Nisekoi will go on for.
6no TorikoI thought it was doing ok, judging by some of the recent weekly sales threads that I've seen.
6class="quote"End of 2014:class="quote"First half of 2014:spurt.
6more AssClass merch when
5damn didnt even notice that. i was too focus on OP losing
AssClass number 3? what in the absolute fuck.That show is god awful. Dont know why the manga is even better
0Honestly not really that surprising, i'm more surprised that it was Sins that beat it.
6Japan has such shit tasteLol @Fairy Fail being higher than Detergent
6I kind of want to hate Sins, but Diane is so fucking great I can literally keep reading it just for her and King. Bleach not even in the top 20Why. Why is it taking the west so fucking long to realize this series is dog shit on a plate?
7Could just be volume-release timing, but I'm happy it's clawing back up a bit.
0I never see Bleach in the NY Times top tens.
Juan Piss B T F OTFO
0quality post for a quality thread
62 7,046,066 One Piece2top kekToo bad AssClass got a shitty anime, would have been higher
Japs actually appreciating NnTSometimes they really do have better taste than the West. Pretty rare, though.
620 1,425,554 Seraph of the End: Vampire ReignNext SnK they said
How does Nisekoi sell when nothing happens?
6A series that ended 20 years ago is selling more than BleachOh wowww.
6using an anime image for TaizaiWay to clonk my bonkers, fucker
4Bleach would do better if Kubo was a competent writer
4dat anime boost man
6The anime increased the manga sales for the most part.
Solid standing for World Trigger. I wonder if the Invasion arc volumes will sell more.
61 7,059,400 The Seven Deadly Sins 9 2,303,931 Terra Formars17 1,494,501 Magi 21 1,409,131 One-Punch Man Japan's taste is okay.9Why is Gyokuen so sexy?
61 7,059,400 The Seven Deadly Sins Holy shit. I never realized how much the anime boosted the manga sales.
9What the numbers don't tell you is that One Piece simply had less new volumes released during that period while that show basically got a massive boost for all the backlog that had been previously released as tons of people got into it all at the same time. One Piece still averages something like 3 million per volume whereas Sins is something like a 6th of that and has pretty much already plateaued while One Piece will continue indefinitely at it's average until Oda decides to end it. If you were to do something like say the last year instead of just the last 6 months where Sins has been getting it's boost than it tells a significantly different story.
9Not really, considering the anime was pretty successful. Glad it's getting the attention in Japan at least. The anime just ended so there might be a decline in sales in the second half though.
God fucking damn you people are so stupid. Try looking up some actual numbers instead of just stupid half of the year lists that makes things look a certain waymy god guys it's at the top of a list so it must mean it beat the fuck out of everything else cause I can't just look shit up and see what actual by volume averages are cause I'm a typical moron from /a
0Why is Gyokuen so sexy?/ss/ is universal
1At least I'm not fucking stupid and know the kind of averages One Piece actually does and the kinds of averages the other shit does and what has a recent anime boost and what doesn't. Nice to actually know what the fuck I'm talking about instead of just being another random shitposter on /a that has nothing to contribute.
69 2,303,931 Terra FormarsThe fuck..
3UsoguiWhen did that happen?
0Why is Gyokuen so sexy?Evil crazy witchs are always hot
3Because it is. The manga is drawn better than the anime is animated, the manga has more SoL sections and the jokes are done better.
0Anime boost. If you're too fucking stupid to figure that much out maybe try not commenting. This isn't rocket fucking science people, please stop being so stupid and ignorant for like 5 posts maybe. Try 5 posts where we can pretend anybody here has even the slightest clue what they are talking about.
im glad magi ranks in the top 20s i hope they adapt the 3rd season assoon the manga reached enough chapters
3You seriously expect the latest upstart Shonen Jump series that just got an anime adaptation to not be selling well in the last 5 months? Next thing you know people are going to be rambling around on /a sometime in March 2016 wondering what the fuck happened when One Punch Mans sales suddenly tripled or more.
0What, too manly for you?
6So Parasyte anime wasn't doing too bad I guess.
623 1,214,859 Your Lie in Aprilew
World Trigger in the top 20Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah
5Alma Torran compressed in one episode23 episodes of Edge Duo and Space AdventuresYes!
6One Piece went from 37 million sales few years ago to 12 million last year.
624 1,180,388 Bleachkek
6no chihayafuru?
61,156,132 Gintamasells worse than BleachGintamafags BTFO
6What happened?
7nips started getting good taste
7People got bored.
These type of threads never end well. Ether one just use the poll to fuel their hate for one manga or brag how it favorite manga tops others.
7they realised taht shit piece is shit
7*List.not poll, I'm fucking tired.
9Dont think they rape it in one episode it needs atleast 3-4
7It's just so stupid. Nobody ever actually looks at the goddamn numbers and actually tries to analyze what they mean and what other information can provide further insight. I don't know why I ever expect any better.
Aniplex guy pls go.
5Makes me wonder how long Nisekoi will go on for.Considering how long the author managed to maintain the status quo, I will be surprised if it ends in my lifetime.
8March comes in like a lionno.they just have slightly better taste.
7Marineford hype ended.
7Two movies, the Whitebeard War, and the timeskip caused a perfect storm that propelled sales that high. All 70+ volumes were in the top 200 one year. After all of that died down, it went back to "lower" sales, which, when combined with Oda's more frequent breaks and general slow pacing of the New World, caused it to be where it is today.
61 7,059,400 The Seven Deadly Sins2 7,046,066 One Piece2One Piece Holy shit. Dressrosa is the worse arc
63 5,231,158 Assassination Classroombased
7Dressrosa?
3A-1 is shit so who knows. I am mostly in it for voice acting.
I don't even like One Piece all that much but can we maybe try not being ignorant as fuck about manga sales here people?
5If only the anime wasn't shittier than the one piece anime
7Everyone even slightly familiar with the genre has bought the backlog already.
6The assclass anime was great only anime I watched winter season
1Holy fuck somebody that actually knows what the fuck they are talking about. I'm kind of astonished.
WAN PISS REKT
6Another person that actually knows what the actual fuck they are talking about. Can we get one more in here maybe and possibly have a real discussion based in some semblance of reality?
So we have a big four now and OP is still stronk.
1What kind of boost are we talking about? The anime was horrible and failed spectacularly in Japan, unlike the Seven Deadly Sins.
5still gets boosted m8, people probably got curious and read the manga
3OMG dont crush my hopes, i know that A1 is shit they only had Shinsekai Yori, Magi and another 2-3 acceptable shows, im still mad at them cuz they humiliated denpa, if they fail Magi ill be crying-.-
Parasyte selling over a million copies quartera decade after its ending is phenomenal.Almost as much as Kekkai Sensen growing by 500% thanks to its anime.
5Anime fail all to make big disc sales all the time but still enjoy great merchandise and source material sales boosts. Don't equate the late night Blu-Ray disc buying market who pay premium prices for extras and shit with the 600-700 yen a volume manga reading crowd that is somewhat closer to understanding the concept of value. All age groups and demographics also buy manga, late night anime discs are by and large for 20+ year old otaku with steady incomes.
8The numbers do tell you that OP does better on average, but a different set of numbers.Sales by Volumes*1. 3,079,249 One Piece Vol.76*2. 2,735,955 One Piece Vol.77*3. 1,831,800 Shingeki no Kyojin Vol.15*4. 1,561,770 Shingeki no Kyojin Vol.16*5. 1,204,059 Naruto Vol.72*6. *,904,661 Haikyuu!! Vol.14*7. *,903,947 Ao Haru Ride Vol.12*8. *,894,596 Ansatsu Kyoushitsu Vol.12*9. *,884,010 Tokyo Ghoul:re Vol.110. *,859,449 Ansatsu Kyoushitsu Vol.1311. *,850,540 Nanatsu no Taizai Vol.1212. *,834,523 Kimi ni Todoke Vol.2313. *,828,807 Tokyo Ghoul:re Vol.214. *,817,169 Nanatsu no Taizai Vol.1315. *,763,866 Sakamoto desu ga? Vol.316. *,744,719 Kuroko no Basket Vol.3017. *,721,444 Nanatsu no Taizai Vol.1418. *,720,254 Haikyuu!! Vol.1519. *,709,375 Ansatsu Kyoushitsu Vol.1420. *,689,076 Haikyuu!! Vol.16
4Roach Alibaba final fight in ZaganScribble level Magnostadt warThey already failed Magi, what are you talking about.
How is Ace of Diamond doing so well?
8How can you have so much bad taste?
3TF is selling about the same since 2 years. If there's a boost then it's a pretty small one.
What ever happened to Silver Spoon?
7nah those arent major fails in ma opinion
7Arakawa takes long breaks becauseof family situation and Arslan
5I'm slightly glad it sold higher than bleach. I'm enjoying world trigger so far.
 Tokyo Ghoul still lower than Attack on ShitanJapan, why?AoT is already done for.
1Those are both terrible series so kill yourself
6TG is objectively the most thought-out manga in years, actually, even if you're blind and incapable of seeing its brilliance. Whereas Isayama changes the plot on the go, to please the shippers and whatnot.
9Especially for a Manga thread, lol
Is there like a per volume average for this? It's hard to compete with weekly manga because they churn out chapters out of the wazoo.
88761All of you idiots look at this post 1That's what fucking happened. Though there was only one movie strong world and not two
29 1,060,179 March comes in like a lion30 1,054,186 Hozuki no ReitetsuJapan has decent taste for once
3Anime boost. The same reason why most things are on the list
6Film Z came on the tail end of the boost, keeping it going for just a little longer.
March comes in like a lion and one punch man are the only series on the list that haven't had an adaption of some sort released yet. We can probably count on them being a lot higher up next year or even this years full list.
4I thought Z came out two-three years after the boost effect?
5k
LN sales by series*1.　624,815　Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru.*2.　592,084　Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei*3.　528,617　Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka*4.　451,359　Naruto Hiden*5.　354,259　Sword Art Online: Progressive*6.　322,987　Kagerou Daze*7.　314,775　Sword Art Online*8.　245,373　Haikyuu!! Shousetsu-ban!!*9.　245,006　Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Side Stories10.　227,314　Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata11.　209,615　Sword Art Online Alternative: Gun Gale Online12.　205,604　Kokuhaku Yokou Renshuu Series13.　187,250　Shinyaku Toaru Majutsu no Index14.　182,068　Shinmai Maou no Testament15.　179,886　Mikagura Gakuen Kumikyoku16.　176,175　Seiken Tsukai no World Break17.　165,836　Tokyo Ghoul18.　159,655　Ao Haru Ride19.　151,798　Absolute Duo20.　142,853　Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka Gaiden: Sword Oratoria21.　128,690　Owari no Seraph: Ichinose Guren, 16-sai no Hametsu22.　127,020　Hataraku Maou-sama!23.　118,972　Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Side Stories24.　118,001　Arslan Senki25.　113,538　Log Horizon26.　112,658　Amagi Brilliant Park27.　108,329　Noushou Sakuretsu Girl28.　108,130　Madan no Ou to Vanadis29.　107,557　Durarara!!30.　105,602　Ansatsu Kyoushitsu: Koro-tanYahari, Damachi and Saenai had a good boost with the anime.
4Boost was biggest in 2011. It came out in 2012, which was still slightly higher than average, although not nearly as high as 2011.
113.　187,250　Shinyaku Toaru Majutsu no Index
1Is Baka to Test still going?
6Is the seven deadly sins any good?Is there anything that makes it different from your regular battle shounen?
1Volume 12,5 is the final volume.
1Season 3 would boost it massively. Too bad JC is too scared.
9Yeah, it's great. The three biggest things that make it stand out are that the power levels start off high, it's very fast paced, and all of the character, including the villains, are very fleshed out. Foreshadowing and atmosphere are great too. Really good weekly read. Never fails to get you hyped for the next chapter from week to week.
6
5TG is objectively the most thought-out manga in years
3Ah okay. That's what I thought
Oh my god I'm really happy Nanatzu no Taizai is doing so well. The first season of the anime was fucking fantastic!
113.　187,250　Shinyaku Toaru Majutsu no IndexDammit JC fucking Staff we need a S3 already
1And by volume top 3*1.　512,362　Biblia Koshodou no Jiken Techou Vol.6*2.　311,059　Sword Art Online: Progressive Vol.3*3.　231,261　Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei Vol.15Biblia is #1 again.
110.　227,314　Saenai Heroine no SodatekataPraise be to our Goddess.
1*2.　592,084　Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei
1*6.　322,987　Kagerou DazeHow?
1*6.　322,987　Kagerou Dazedamn
6How as in how did it drop, or how as in how is it still in the top.
3How it's still selling despite the anime.
1no accel worldwell, no surprise, they have release like 1 vol on whats been of the yearstill ;_____________;
2The first season of the anime was fucking fantastic!
2big fanbase. Plus the anime actually sold pretty well
8Isn't Biblia getting a live action or something?
8So why isn't bilbia not in that list then?
2405,132 kagerou daze 5After anime:221,310　Kagerou Daze Vol.6
6Even then, it sold a lot more than 80% of other LN series.
03 Gatsu probably had a boost from the bump of chicken collab/music video last year
6Sasuga Shaft
11
Why are a lot of things selling like shit now? There used to 14 manga series selling above 4 million last year, now there's only 4. Even with Light novels, Kagerou daze, SAO, and mahouka all sold like a million and are now dropping. What is happening?
8Shit's shit.
8by any autistic chance you are not comparing full year sales to this half year sales, right?
8Decreasing population
8Because only 2015 first half
8What. The only series that sold over 4 million during the first half of 2014 are shingeki,one piece and kuroko
116.　176,175　Seiken Tsukai no World BreakSo the anime actually helped?
Read the first 100 chapters of NnTMC is a Gary StuGood guys dropping the ball everytimeEnemies become allies in the blink of an eyeSENZU BEAN BOMBSAsspulls everywhereIt turns out that every dead character isn't actually deadLiterally Dragon Ball tier of bullshit, I dropped it so hard, fucking Japan.
1Based 8man blown the fuck out Onii-sama
6By volumes SAO, Mahouka and Kagerou daze are still ahead.
1Strong character is a Gary Stu
1Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Side StoriesWhat is this?
6yahari also shit faggot
4lolKill yourself.
8Thank Nii-sama
629 1,060,179 March comes in like a lionThere's still hope left in Japan's taste
8If this is only physical sales, digital is actually making a shit as far as I know. Not excessively, but enough for it to matter in Japan now.
1Are you retarded?
5Gotta a problem?
1MC is a Gary StuNot really.Good guys dropping the ball everytimeThey don't always take fights seriously. There are a few instances where they did drop the ball, but it's rare and early on.Enemies become allies in the blink of an eyeOh, so villains actually have motivations beyond being evil and have brains that help them realize that what they are doing is wrong. What a tragedy.SENZU BEAN BOMBSIncantation Orbs show up as early as Chapter 15, and multiple types of healing magic are a part of the magic system. It makes sense for the knights to have them prepared for me, and for Ban to steal them and use it on his allies.Asspulls everywhereNot really. Story developments aren't asspulls.It turns out that every dead character isn't actually deadHelbram, half of the Dawn Roar, and Twigo would love to talk to you. Also, you talkin' shit about Hawk? His revival is all a part of the cyclical nature of him and Liz and his connection to Mel. You know he used to be a parrot, right?
9You took the b8, m8
2Depending on who you ask. Biblia is either a light novel, or a regular novel. It makes reporting on it kind of screwy at times.
8Saying that bad mangos are bad is b8
5Yes
7Implying NnT is goodYour taste is shit. 9Average as all hell outside artwork.
Can we all agree everything on here is shounen shit? All you fan boys that arguing over such shit tier series are making my sides contract crazy!
Haikyuu that high still no official English release Why I wish at least viz would pick it up
Find a flawProtip: You can't
6With Luffy? Static character who didn't even develop after Ace's death.Fortunately he's very funny and qt so I love him anyway.
1Nice b8 ;
8A bunch of people who used to throw their money at light novels are throwing their money into mobile games now instead.
6He's shit.
6He couldn't take down a person who got his internal organs cut up.
61Anime when?
26 1,122,671 KingdomGive me my damn season 3 already with them goat soundtracks.
1 7,059,400 The Seven Deadly SinsBased Nakaba.
1No Game No Life is kill. Nice.
1It's on hiatus, hasn't released anything since anime
So exactly how many years in a row and overall has One Piece been number 1 in the full yearly sales now?
6A shounen battle/adventure series that's actually good outsold One PieceHoly shit, what a great time to be alive.
Long way to go.
8Since at least 2008. It's hard to find good data before then.
7Hopefully soon
61 7,059,400 The Seven Deadly Sins THE PAIN AND THE PLEASUREALL COME TOGETHERTHERE IS NO REASON WHY
9It's very straitforward, but that's a good thing in it's case. The characters and fights are interesting, everyone is a monster from the start so the asspulls aren't really asspulls so much as expected feats of strength, the pacing is actually good and doesn't drag on, and becase of the simple nature of the story it doesn't get bogged down with the author trying to be smarter than he actually is Oda trying to write the same fucking sad backstory and country liberation during every arc and thinking we still care, Kuba having "smart" characters who equate to nothing more than keikaku doori. For me, it's worth following.
6How well did Jojo do?
68 2,326,507 Blue Spring RideThe angsty shoujo jerks won't go anywhere
7it's around, sorta
622 1,380,603 Parasytedidnt this manga end like 20 years ago?
8Reprints
616 1,536,516 Detective Conanhas he found the organization yet?
8Adaptation might have spurred interest with younger people that weren't alive back in 1987
2Oda trying to write the same fucking sad backstory and country liberation during every arcmfw I just realized almost every arc in One Piece is some country liberation arc
you are like 8000 chapters away from catching up on one piecei should have started earlier
6Three of the top five are complete shit.
0If you've read the first 100 you've read the entire series.
One Piss babbies BTFO
6i guess its time to pickup the nanatsu manga, the anime was enjoyable but nothing special
6just realizedYou're kidding, right? I'll stop pointing out the glaring flaws if people speaking about them actually makes you sad and takes enjoyment away from you. I just always assumed that OPfags could see the series what it was for but liked eating shit anyways.
9The manga has really shitty art, you will like it even less
Sakamoto is really lonely
6Horribly written
2Please.
9Holy shit I dont care how old the post is, another human that's read usogui on /a/
5PleasePlease what?
22 1,380,603 Parasyte Wot
9It's officially coming to English courtesy of Seven Seas. Maybe that will generate more interest.I mean, if it worked for Watamote and Monster Musume, Sakamoto should have a chance.
6Nothing, anon.
712 spots ahead of Bleach bro
8Probably since the early 2000s
6same fucking sad backstoryLiterally no backstories have been even close in relation to each other, what are you on about?mfw I just realized almost every arc in One Piece is some country liberation arcThere have been 2, including the current one.2Feel like mentioning the glaring flaws? I know that no series is perfect, but I'm curious.
The reactions over One Piece being dethroned seem so tame.I thought /a/ would make this a big deal.
8Holy shit, that character you posted is ugly as fuck he makes the ugliest character in One Piece look like the most beautiful manga character of all time.
2hating on FabAfroHe's a qt 3.14.
8In the land of ugly people, maybe.
8Because it's not; One Piece's volume sales still smash it by a mile and there have been quite a lot of breaks this year so far.See:86
3NnT got a boost thanks to the anime, right?How long do you think this will last?
5Anon please. That ass is perfect. His face is cute. Its a purposly bad picture.
6Arlong Park, Skypiea and Dressrossa are the only Country Liberations I can think of off the top of my head.Fishman Island is NOT country liberation as the people in power at the time were fine. In fact, they were putting down a rebellion, pretty much the exact opposite of Country Liberation.
113.　187,250　Shinyaku Toaru Majutsu no IndexIs this the Ikamusume crossover?
8I dunno, there's one guy making enough asspain noises to sufficiently amuse me.
6narutobleachBTFO
Kodansha must be happy.
1How come I don't see Hibike! Euphonium on here?
0It's a "real" novel not a light novel
0too shit
629 March Comes in Like a LionAnime when?
8Because most anons aren't retarded enough to judge based on total sales instead of per volume sales.It takes very little brains to realise that different series release a different number of volumes and therefore you can't judge by the overall amount.
1Has a new volume even been released this year?
8Already happened last year. And we all know One Piece will be first at the end of the year.
4First and foremost, the pacing is awful. The OP manga is about as fast moving as the DBZ anime, and that gets made fun of to this day as the epitome of "how not to pace an action-adventure series". The reasons to drag the plot out are ridiculous. Why didn't Zoro, the talented swordsman cut the damn birdcage before now?Oda can't balance a cast. Characters get introduced, get their 15 minutes of fame and then for the most part become irrelivant afterwards. The biggest problem is that he does this with the crew members. When was the last time half the crew did anything?The arcs are too similar. They show up to a new island, they find out some evil oppressor is keeping the people under his thumb, Luffy throws down with the bad guy, characters get paired off for the fights, while crews are fighting Luffy scrambles around to find the leader, and then he nakama punches them while screaming about how they piss him off. On top of the icredibly repetitive nature of this which is bad when the main draw is supposed to be adventure, Luffy mentions several times at the start of the series that he's not a hero, but a pirate. Despite claiming this so boldy he become a saint who saves the people every time.The powers started off as a decent mechanic where strategy trumped raw power in enough fights that it was interesting, but now with the bullshit skill levels and haki, it's powerlevels without the benefit of just saying "Ok, and now 2 powerhouses will slug it out in a contest of pure strength." Dofla has strings. Strings would intuitively be used to do things like make nets, cut things, catch things, turn people into puppets, etc. With his strings and haki he has offense, defense, clones, recovery and medicine. What's the point of making Law the medicine man if Dofla can beat him at his own game? No, that's not "well he's just too powerful and skilled!" If here were skilled, he'd stop Law from using his moves, not hard counter them.
4The plot isn't the grand sprawling masterpeice that people think it is. Having drawn out and similar arcs punctuated by saying "Remember this one thing that got mentioned 300 chapters ago? It's totally going to be a plot point. Now, back to the next island where the same thing will happen."At the start of OP, Luffy makes a big deal about how they're pirates who need to be ready to put their lives on the line at any moment, because they aren't playing a game. Despite that, no one except once really dies or suffers any consequence outside of flashbacks. They give us the big dramatic tears that we're supposed to care about, but it's all about stuff that happened in the past, then Luffy fixes the problems in the present. Next time they show up to an oppressed island where some nice ruler died a long time ago, some princess is part of some super weapon, and Luffy decides to save them all while everyone who was a rival but not a complete scumbag falls in love with him and follows him because "I'm not a hero, but this guy is pissing me off so I'll kick his ass!" are you really going to feel any empathy for any of the characters?His humor isn't great. I've honestly never once laughed at the series and I feel that the character dynamics within the crew and the punchlines lack a lot of the charm other series have. He also likes to use humor to mask certain plot points that I don't agree with. Most recently was Usopp knocking out that girl with the bullshit devil fruit power. "Oh, I can't actually follow through on them hurting a girl or anything morally ambiguous happening, better play it off as a joke so nothing questionable happens."I don't really like the way he draws or panels, either. Thought that's subjective. I get that he has a specific style, but I can never take his characters seriously or really enjoy the action. It's far too cluttered. Here's an example of a fucking SoL comedy manga that manages to put together a better, cleaner action scene.
00all these valid criticismsno mention of the shallow characterization and relationshipsThey literally don't develop at all aside from Usopp and Robin and half their friendships are literally based on Luffy thinking they're interesting. Nakama are so important to them but there's no reason to care about most of the friendships amongst the crew. I actually enjoy One Piece, I think it's funny, but the repetitiveness and the way Oda handles characters really drags it down. A tragic backstory isn't enough to make me care about a character.
2no mention of the shallow characterizationI thought I did here0Oda can't balance a cast. Characters get introduced, get their 15 minutes of fame and then for the most part become irrelivant afterwards. The biggest problem is that he does this with the crew members. When was the last time half the crew did anything?I figured it was obvious what I was referring to there.A tragic backstory isn't enough to make me care about a character.Yeah but what if hear me out here they cry really, REALLY comically oversized tears while they beg Luffy to save them? Then will you care?For the record, I only dropped it during this arc. I was talking to a friend when birdcage started and made a joke like "How many chapters of shennanigans of Luffy running circles to find Dofla, followed by flashbacks, fights that don't progress, and a lot of yelling between Dofla and Luffy do you think there will be before this is resolved?"After like 25 chapters I just stopped reading. I never imagined it'd be that bad.
6I suppose you did then, thought you meant more to do with their contribution to the fights etc rather than their personalities. The crew's fights get a lot of panel time, too much in my opinion, but it contributes almost nothing to the plot. And it's even worse when side characters get the same treatment.
4No, I wouldn't judge a character on the basis of strength. That's stupid if they aren't a designated fighter.Crew fights would be fine, but the way he does it is to rapidly shift between fights and never actually have any progress in any of them until one character says "Ok, time to get serious/use my finisher" and then everyone one shots their opponent simultaneously.
5It takes very little brains to realize weekly series are comparable to weekly series, monthlies to monthlies, etc.
19 1,460,897 World Trigger UWOOOOHHHHH!!!
0/9gag/
3There's a certain thing about it that no matter how shit it is you can't bring yourself to drop it.
nanatsu on the first placeGod bless you Nakaba for all your hard work.
9But if it's by volume then it's standardized. A weekly series will produce as many volumes per year as a monthly series, the weekly series will just have more chapters per volume.
6How is rank 7 btfo?In Japan it never did any better
7A weekly series will produce as many volumes per year as a monthly seriesNot necessarily, depending on release schedule, but that's why the original point is to compare per volume sales instead of overall sales. But the volumes are of a similar length so they're comparable anyway.
0First and foremost, the pacing is awful. The OP manga is about as fast moving as the DBZ anime, and that gets made fun of to this day as the epitome of "how not to pace an action-adventure series". The reasons to drag the plot out are ridiculous. Why didn't Zoro, the talented swordsman cut the damn birdcage before now?It seems as though you're referring to Dressrosa in this case. It is faster paced than over half the arcs in the series, so I'll have to object to that; reading weekly doesn't mean the pace is slower, nor does a long arc.Oda can't balance a cast. Characters get introduced, get their 15 minutes of fame and then for the most part become irrelivant afterwards. The biggest problem is that he does this with the crew members. When was the last time half the crew did anything?Characters are constantly returning throughout the series, and many of them get cover stories to see what they're up to. The last time the crew did something was seen was only about 4 hours ago in story. Oda's building up the anticipation to see them again and is not diverting from the current arc, because that would stretch it out even more so. They also likely haven't accomplished much in the time they've been gone, so it'd be a waste of time.The arcs are too similar. They show up to a new island, they find out some evil oppressor is keeping the people under his thumbThat's not the case for many arcs, but I can't be bothered going into pointing out all the exceptions to that; mind you, that is the formula of the story in general and is hard to completely change such a formula is a majorly long running series which still has a long way to go until it finishes.and then he nakama punches them while screamingThis isn't Fairy Tail. I can't think of one moment of this in the series to be honest.
8Oh, this was an aggregate list and not an average per volume? I wasn't really reading the info to be honest, too much shitposting in this thread to care.
How is 7sins so popular.Where is chihayafuruWhere is torikoHow the fuck is parasyte so highhozukiabsolutely fucking based
no Toriko
2Naruto was:6th in 20145th in 20133rd in 20122nd in 2011 and earlier.Bleach was:18th in 201415th in 201312th in 20128th in 20115th in 20103rd in 20095th in 2008
2so I'll have to object to thatThen I'm not going to bother responding seriously to anything you write. The only way you could possibly think the pacing in OP is ok, or that Dressrosa is the only arc people think has poor pacing is if you don't actually have any standards for pacing.Tell me anon, how many chapters has it been since Luffy set out to fight Dofla? In that time, how many significant events happened? Not people trading a few blows, not trash talk or "this is where I get serious!", not people scrambing down below in fear of birdcage, but how many actual developments occured? The pacing is absolutely horrible.
Toriko better than it has been in a LONG timeisn't even on the chartHow is this possible
THREE GATSU NO MOTHER FUCKIN LIONANIME WHENHONEY AND CLOVER IS MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SHOW
8How is 7sins so popular.Because it's one of the most entertaining shounen titles in quite a while.
 The Seven Deadly Sins But... it's mediocre at best!
2That's not the case for many arcs, but I can't be bothered going into pointing out all the exceptions to thatLuffy shows up to Arlong Park where Arlong is oppressing them, Luffy frees the people and they love him. Luffy shows up to Alabaster where Crocodile is oppressing the people, Luffy frees them, they love him. Luffy goes up to Skypiea where Enel is oppressing the people, Luffy frees them and they love him. Luffy goes to Thriller Bark where Moria is oppressing the people, Luffy defeats him and they love him. Luffy arrives at Fishman Island were Hordy Jones has just taken over the country. Luffy beats him, and then they love them so much Luffy claims the island. Luffy shows up to Punk Hazard where Ceasar is oppressing children though I guess test subjects are a little different than normal inhabitants this time. Luffy frees them and beats Ceasar, they all love him. Luffy shows up at Dressrosa where Dofla has been oppressing the people. Luffy has been trying to beat him, and everyone already loves him.The arcs are by and large repetitive in nature. I don't understand how you don't see this.that is the formula of the story in general and is hard to completely change such a formula is a majorly long running series which still has a long way to go until it finishes.But that's the problem. It's not simply "Well the story is set up that way." it's "Oda literally doesn't know how to write anything interesting or fresh so he falls back on the same recycled plot to pad the length of the story to make it seem like more of an epic.
4Immortan joe pls
02Cont'dLuffy mentions several times at the start of the series that he's not a hero, but a pirate. Despite claiming this so boldy he become a saint who saves the people every time.He doesn't do it to save people, he just fights whoever he wants for whatever reason. If saving people is the byproduct of that, then so be it; it is not his aim however and he couldn't care less about it.0Now, back to the next island where the same thing will happen.Same thing? What is one similarity between Punk Hazard. Dressrosa, Enies Lobby and Impel Down for instance, other than there being a main antagonist within? They're pretty differentiated if you ask me.Despite that, no one except once really dies or suffers any consequence outside of flashbacksWhy exactly does that matter so much? People die in the present all the time, but whenever they're brought up people shift the goalposts to make it out like it doesn't count. On top of that, having death less often makes the element more impactful when it does happen, like with Ace and Whitebeard's. Oda even stated in an SBS that killing is secondary to winning/losing, but if it happens to end in death then so be it.His humor isn't great. I've honestly never once laughed at the seriesI'd say that's more likely a lack of humour and fun with yourself than in Oda's work. I know that myself and many others find many things pretty funny. You can't try shoot something down because your subjective senses as such don't react to something the way intended.I accept your criticisms so don't think I'm being a fanboy, I'm just having an even response/debate or whatever.
4Sure mate.
9He doesn't do it to save people, he just fights whoever he wants for whatever reason. If saving people is the byproduct of that, then so be itIt's a paper thin justification used literally every time that contradicts a stated plot point for the sake of making him seem more morally ambiguous and interesting. I can't believe that rationale satisfies you.Enies Lobby and Impel DownCongrats. You managed to pick out 2 of the 3 arcs that didn't follow the same exact formula.Why exactly does that matter so much?Because when you try to build a world about dangerous pirates but the reader knows that there's virtually no real threat, the tension is gone. Balancing never killing anyone and going over the top with killing everyone can be tricky, but Oda doesn't even try.People die in the present all the time,Like who? Every villain Luffy has ever beat? Pell? That angel girls dad on Skypiea? Bon Clay?On top of that, having death less often makes the element more impactful when it does happen, like with Ace and Whitebeard'sAnd having no death in a world that should be full of danger, per the MCs own words is boring.I'd say that's more likely a lack of humour and fun with yourself than in Oda's workThere are many anime and many manga I find funny. One Piece isn't one of them.I accept your criticisms so don't think I'm being a fanboy,Not really. You basically just said "That didn't happen." or "That's not a bad thing."
8Well you did only mention 7 arcs out of 27 or so canon arcs. That's what I meant by "many arcs"Oda literally doesn't know how to write anything interesting or fresh so he falls back on the same recycled plot to pad the length of the story to make it seem like more of an epic.With Luffy beating an antagonist in an arc being the only general repitition, what else do you think he should do in a Shonen where the MC is aiming to become the best of something pirates in this case? Even with that, Luffy doesn't always win. He lost in three arcs in a row not too long ago Saboady Archipelago, Impel Down, Marineford; surely that was some variation?4Then I'm not going to bother responding seriously to anything you writeWhy? It seemed as though you were targetting Dressrosa specifically so I made the point in saying that its pace is much faster than many other arcs in the series, and just because its a long arc packed with many components doesn't make it badly paced. This is after rereading Dressrosa 4 times so far and about to start a fifth.
1you did only mention 7 arcs out of 2727? What? I'm talking about the major arcs. What small series of events do you count as an arc? If you look at the total chapters in the series, a majority of them are spent at some point within a series of events exactly as I've described. That's why it's repetitive and the pacing is bad. Most of the story is the same thing over and over. It's an adventure series, not a comedy or SoL. Variety should be key.Saboady Archipelago, Impel Down, MarinefordSabody wasn't a loss. It was literally the entire crew getting moved around for the sake of huge powerups. Impel Down had Luffy break into and out of the most secure prison in the world. How is that a loss? Marineford was the only real defeat he experienced.With Luffy beating an antagonist in an arc being the only general repitition, what else do you think he should do in a Shonen where the MC is aiming to become the best of something pirates in this case?A villain that isn't as black and white as everyone Luffy fights. Luffy doing something morally questionable like a real pirate and not being a super boy scout who is a savior to the people. A different crew member helping with or getting the actual win. An arc that actually has them exploring and meeting people that aren't super evil "I kick helpless puppies", "I'm a government worker/resident warriot and clearly have a heart of gold so you can trust me" or "I'm a helpless countrymen who needs you to become my hero." The places they all went to get stronger had some interesting characters, but those were never really touched upon because Oda literally doesn't know how to balance a cast and develop them.
1This is after rereading Dressrosa 4 times so far and about to start a fifth.9don't think I'm being a fanboyJust out of curiosity, how many other action/adventure series have you read to have a basis of comparisson that you think Dressrosa is well paced? You do realize that piling on as many components as he did, then just running in circles for half a year while nothing actually got resolved isn't good pacing, right?How long has Luffy been on a 10 minute break in the heat of battle? You don't just break up action that's supposed to resolve a large conflict like that.
3Congrats. You managed to pick out 2 of the 3 arcs that didn't follow the same exact formula.I was providing some obvious examples. I can name them all if you wish.Because when you try to build a world about dangerous pirates but the reader knows that there's virtually no real threat, the tension is goneI remember people saying things along the lines of "Marineford sucks anyway because we know no-one's going to die and Luffy will save Ace" only to get btfo when he and Whitebeard were killed. Thinking there is no threat of death isn't the best thing to do, unless you like being shocked and feeling the impact of it when it happens, which in a sense is what Oda does.Like who? Every villain Luffy has ever beat? Pell? That angel girls dad on Skypiea? Bon Clay?Mr 11, Four Tsumeri Guards, Roshio, Ace, Whitebeard, Monet and Vergo still unconfirmed but almost definitely positive, Higuma and his other Bandit that Lucky Roo executed, the man Doffy just killed in Law's place unknowingly, hundreds/thousands of unnamed characters over the series to name a few. Still though; even not counting the numerous deaths throughout flashbacks is shifting the goalposts in relation to it. Do you not count deaths in flashbacks of other series as deaths either? Why do people solely make that specific in One Piece to try make a point?There are many anime and many manga I find funny. One Piece isn't one of them.Again though; humour is a highly subjective thing and just because it doesn't happen to tickle your fancy doesn't make that an objective point to base part of your argument.Not really. You basically just said "That didn't happen." or "That's not a bad thing."I was rebutting your points with statements/facts, and explained everything. This is one thing that annoys me sometimes; People make it as if its free to criticise the hell out of something but when someone offers valid points in response people just say "Stop being a rabid fanboy!"
624 1,180,388 BleachWhy did it lose popularity so drastically while nips are still completely into Naruto and One Piece?
3Marineford sucks anyway because we know no-one's going to die and Luffy will save AceOne instance anon. One instance after how many hundreds of chapters? Most manga can tell a complete story in less than half that time, but OP needs all those chapters for one twist.those deathsHow many of those are actually confirmed aside from Whitebeard? The series has a habit of showing character survive the most ridiculous beat downs and attacks, and never really goes out of the way to say "Yes, this character actually died."FlashbacksNo. That's a common technique that's been used by western capeshit for many many years. Load the character up with a sad backstory full of tragedy that gets told via a stretched out flashback, then nothing serious actualy happens afterwards. It's a horrible plot device.doesn't happen to tickle your fancy doesn't make that an objective point to base part of your argument.I'm sure there are plenty of people who agree with me on that point. Sure, some people like it, but I'm willing to bet that not many people outside of diehard OPfags actually find it funny.I was rebutting your points with statements/facts, and explained everythingYou seem to be confused. You're claiming a series that spends as much time doing the same shit over and over again like OP has good pacing. If you've ever read another manga ever, you'd understand how insane that statement is.
06see4The amount of stupid people in this threaf is astounding
6BecauseThe heart
3Sabody wasn't a loss. It was literally the entire crew getting moved around for the sake of huge powerupsLuffy didn't know that. They lost and were hopeless against Kizaru, Kuma and the pacifista. Luffy believed that Kuma had killed his whole crew right then and there and the progress of the Strawhats was brought to a dead halt. It was utter defeat.Impel Down had Luffy break into and out of the most secure prison in the world. How is that a loss?Luffy and all the other prisoners couldn't defeat Magellan no matter what they did. Magellan literally killed Luffy.Just out of curiosity, how many other action/adventure series have you read to have a basis of comparisson that you think Dressrosa is well paced?Only about 6, however I was comparing Dressrosa's pace to other arcs in the series, not other series.How long has Luffy been on a 10 minute break in the heat of battle? You don't just break up action that's supposed to resolve a large conflict like that.Like 2 chapters or so.3How many of those are actually confirmed aside from Whitebeard? The series has a habit of showing character survive the most ridiculous beat downs and attacks, and never really goes out of the way to say "Yes, this character actually died."All of them, which is why my list was fairly specific. The only ones unsure of currently are Monet and Vergo, but as I stated it's highly likey they are. Monet was impaled through her heart with a stake and then was in the centre of the factory when it blew up.It's a horrible plot device.Each to their own. I love flashbacks and think they're a great plot device in general.
6Looks like sales started to drop after Aizen and then even more in the last year.
3It was utter defeat.No it wasn't. They were literally being made stronger by a friendly force. Being confused and not knowing what's going on isn't defeat.
3Only about 6God damnit anon. Go read more manga. Your opinion doesn't hold any weight if you don't have some sort of experience that lends to developing a standard.
7Yes, but that was a plot device being disguised. Luffy and his crew had no idea that Kuma was saving them and sending them away to train at specific islands, they all thought he was killing each one of them upon touch. Luffy was in despair by the end of it because he lost his whole crew and though they'd been killed. The crew was disbanded for two years, and if Kuma hasn't [unknowingly to them] sent them away, then they would have all been killed by Kizaru and the Pacifistas.
3It's an adventure series, not a comedy or SoL. Variety should be keyThis is pretty much why I kind got bored of OP somewhere after Ace or Whitebeard got killed whichever happened later. Incidentally, in a way, it's also why Jojo remains one of the few manga that managed to retain my attention after 100+ volumes as each part actually managed to have a different theme to it, thus actually HAD that sense of adventure to it.
WORLD TRIGGER BETTER THAN TORIKO AND BLEACH AHAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
1x would be better if it was better
6NNT beats wanpissWell, ok.Shounen is still kind of dead though.
6Wow, I'm glad that Kingdom is within striking distance of Bleach.The might have really fallen.
3Shounen is still kind of dead though.U wot m8? We're currently in the golden age of shonen. Nothing will beat the current champions.
Not going to bother reading the thread but I'm sure there are people who think Nanatsu is doing better than One Piece while the per volume average are actually very low when compared to OP. Just like two years ago when people thought One Piece was losing to AoT.
1and if Kuma hasn't [unknowingly to them] sent them away, then they would have all been killed by Kizaru and the Pacifistas.If the thing that happened didn't happen, they would have suffered a crippling defeatThe opposite happenedThey were still defeatedOk.1Jojo's is one asspull after another and Araki is insane, but at the very least you don't know what to expect so it's entertaining.
66 2,640,791 Tokyo Ghoul14 1,712,817 Tokyo Ghoul:re I think Tokyo Ghoul ended last year?And :re has 2 volumes out.Thats pretty crazy.Shows quality right here.After 3rd volume comes out with what happened last 2 chapters its going to jump in sales again.
one piece is the most overrated shit in existence. It's the most classic example of quantity over quality.The art style is atrocious. The tones are all over the place. the plot moves at a snail's pace and is padded with filler shit that are only there so that oda can milk his fans to the death. It has the "island of the month" formula. The stories became repetitive way too fast and are filled with cheesy tear jerker. Ussop and zoro are the only likable guys out of the whole crew. Luffy is a retard that has no character besides muh one piece and my nakama. The world building is weak, and the fights do not make sense at all. The humor is hit and miss. mostly miss. Most if the time, it feels like a cartoon rather than an anime. If you've seen the arlong arc, then you have a good idea how most of the arcs will go down, just replace villains and abilities. But one piece's greatest offence is that it doesn't make sense. Nothing makes sense. Nothing is resolved logically. Things happen just because the plot demands it, with half assed explanations for us to work by.
5The world building is weakThis is one that kills me. Oda is horrible at world building. Dropping 50 names of characters that hardly get screen time then bringing back one of them every 100 chapters is not good world building. There's a lot there because he has no filter, and he has an infinite pool or characters, places and plot devices to pull on at any time. The problem is that virtually none of them are fleshed out and developed, and there's no real rhyme or reason as to what he brings back and when. No, "X character had a secret past with Y organization THE WHOLE TIME and now Luffy found out and he's going to go save them once they're in over their head!" is not good plot development based on world building.
5it feels like a cartoon rather than an anime
1So the crew getting disbanded with each member believing the rest of their friends had been killed is not being defeated? They were in a hopeless situation and felt despair.5The art style is atrociousFor you. I love it and typically dislike the generic shit.padded with filler shit that are only there so that oda can milk his fans to the deathWhat would you deem as filler in the manga?The world building is weak, and the fights do not make sense at allI'll admit I've never heard anyone say that about the worldbuilding, but I suppose there's a first time for everything. How don't the fights make sense? Is it because there aren't set powerlevels like typical shonen? But one piece's greatest offence is that it doesn't make sense. Nothing makes sense.Examples please.
I never realized seven deadly sins was that popular.Am I being rused?
5Do you live in a cave?
One Piece is a gateway anime of the worst kind. It's a bad series, a clusterfuck of story and characterization that isn't very well done by any aspect, but which attempts to compensate for its weaknesses by adding in excessive sob story faggotry and DARKNESS. The normal anon can see this as the shit it is, and may enjoy it, hate it or be indifferent to it, but all the while recognizing that the series itself, regardless of their opinion, is plain bad.However, these very aspects that try to smear over the shit of its core make it a breeding ground for aspie, unsociable underageb& faggots who engage in every kind of faggotry both online and in the real world. The superpowered characters all trying their hardest to look cool, the devil fruits, peculiar, colorful clothes, the whole pirate faggotry and everything about the One Piece world fuels their escapist fantasies, while the pity-party character backgrounds, emphasis on revenge, and overall preachiness of the series make it fit just right with the mary-sueish drives of your average preteen and his sense of unwarranted self-importance towards the world. Exactly the kind of shit that makes little kiddies and underageb& retards eat this shit right the fuck up.One Piece is basically THE series to attract the most hated anime fanbase known to /a/, which is why, regardless of individual opinions, it is the responsibility of every anon to troll the fuck out of this show and everyone who likes it, and ensure that no One Piece threads ever encourage the newfriends to show their faces here.
9The original pasta was for Naruto
3So the crew getting disbanded with each member believing the rest of their friends had been killed is not being defeated?No. Getting saved and put in a situation that is necessary for your survival that makes you stronger is not a defeat. It doesn't matter that they thought they'd lost, they were literally being handed a magic powerup.
5AssClass has been selling big numbers long before it got an anime adaption.
0I guess I do. I thought it would be around where bleach is on this list.
8A manga being published in English isn't a gauge for it getting an anime adaptation. Seven Seas is known for stalking whatever shit /a/ likes and Verical purposely licenses manga that are getting anime adaptations to get better sales when they come out simultaneously.
3How don't the fights make sense? Is it because there aren't set powerlevels like typical shonen?Because the series says it's not powerlevels and works on a rock paper scissor system that's based around strategy, but somehow a guy whose power is strings made a clone of himself, did internal medicine, and turned fucking buildings into string. Also haki is getting closer and closer to spirit energy every time Oda decides to add a new aspect to it.OP shares the problem that a lot of series with fights have; the author tries to write smart characters who are clever in battle, but you can't write a character smarter than yourself so that ends up ruining a lot of battles.
9I think you probably needed to change more of the pasta from the Naruto-focus it had originally intended.
6*Vertical
3It was around bleach before the anime. NnT anime wasn't that popular on /a/ due to Netfix buying the rights. No simulcast, we had to rely on fansub. And everyone was wanking to FSN and Cross Ange.
8So because Enel got up after versing Luffy and went on with his plans or reaching the moon unphased anyway, would you say he wasn't defeated?
6I am pleased to hear NnT is doing wellI am not pleased to hear OnePunchMan is literally being outsold by a series with Curse Pills in them.Seriously how does anyone read Seraph without vomiting?
6No.
9Come on, at least replace the DARKNESS bit.
5He was defeated because he was fighting Luffy 1v1 with the intent of defeating him. Luffy was fighting Enel with the intent of defeating him. Luffy won.The stawhats were trying to survive, and Kuma was trying to help them. They all survived, and they all got magically teleported to the exact location on the planet where they could train at maximum efficiency. This was the point behind Kuma's actions and it was successful. He was never opposing them so there was no battle to lose.
5Dude there were constant auto saging threads for NnT before the anime and people went 'it's popular now it sucks' and 'muh power levels'
9somehow a guy whose power is strings made a clone of himself, did internal medicine, and turned fucking buildings into stringWhy not? he can generate string so why is forming it into a clone and then controlling it like a puppet a significant part of his power so farfetched when other substance-generating paramecia such as Galdino do it too? Using strings as stiches? I never would have thought! Awakening is not Doflamingo specific.Just curious, but why keep following One Piece if you feel that way about it? You seem to have a purely negative view on the series.
5This
8Reprint editions to help go along with the recent live action films. It's pretty standard fare, whether for manga or actual books.I'm surprised Conan's still hasn't slipped from top 20. Never realized how popular Ass Class and Terra Formars were either, unless those are higher than the usual figures because both recently got an anime adaptation.
4Kuma did bring their whole journey and friendship to a halt for two years though and somewhat ruined their plans. Sure, it did save them, but they didn't exactly see it in that way.He was never opposing them so there was no battle to loseBut in the previous arc, he was; he was trying to take Luffy's head and put Zoro through something which he was certain would kill him. Would you believe such a powerful man who was effortlessly about to kill you and all your friends a few days ago would save you for apparently no reason? Until they had realised what had happened, it was in a sense a defeat because they lost the battle, whether they knew the Kuma aspect was friendly intent or not
1They were already popular and great sellers before the anime but yeah, the boost for both is insane.
4I think the more obvious and simpler explanation was that it was practically the obligatory 'MC and crew must now lose so they can get power-up' moment.That's why there isn't a sense of 'despair' like the other guy said. Because if you've read enough Jump manga, it's more like 'oh, about time'.
8but why keep following One Piece if you feel that way about it?Let's face it, if it was the other way, the OP fanboys will be saying shit like how you can't complain about things you didn't read.
8Why not? he can generate string so why is forming it into a clone and then controlling it like a puppet a significant part of his power so farfetched when other substance-generating paramecia such as Galdino do it too?Because what's the point of giving everyone unique and "interesting" powers if end game is all just the same set of skills? Regardless of what my fruit is supposed to do, I can clone myself, heal myself, defend, attack, increase mobility, etc.Using strings as stiches? I never would have thought!Law the doctor has a move specifically to rip apart organsDofla who uses strings can hold a mess of severed organs together with string and somehow not bleed out/destroy internal compartmentalization/ruin gas diffusion and his strings act perfectly as the kind of tissue they're nearHe's not the doctor fruit guy which canonically existsHe's a fucking string userAwakening is not Doflamingo specific.That was one of the stupidest developments I've seen in a long time.
4And wan piss is garbage at best
8Because what's the point of giving everyone unique and "interesting" powers if end game is all just the same set of skills? Regardless of what my fruit is supposed to do, I can clone myself, heal myself, defend, attack, increase mobility, etc.There's always going to be similar abilities between powers; two different fruits being able to create a clone isn't really "all just the same set of skills". I mean no other character that comes to mind can do 90% of what Doflamingo can do with his strings.That was one of the stupidest developments I've seen in a long time.It was introduced during Impel Down officially, and Chopper's monster point is awakening since Enies Lobby. It's not a new thing.
6apparently you arehow is a midget a self insert power fantasy?
2What series do you like oh wise anon?
3barakamonlove so lifehistorieshigatsubaby stepspretty basedusoguikekthat makes things look a certain waystop being dumb. sales numbers are sales numbers. and OP literally said "by series" how hard is that to understand?
9v.3 c.16 by Cursive Scans 91d agoI would guess that's the reasonnot enough material
4I mean no other character that comes to mind can do 90% of what Doflamingo can do with his strings.The admirals can make clones of themselves, have offense, have defense, have mobility, seeing medical field treatment given their elements is easy and you still haven't touched on why the fuck a stringman has more medical prowess than a specialized doctor or how anything he did made a shread of sense. What's the point of having different fruits if you can just brute force your way into any power? You know the devil fruit uses are just going to get more ridiculous from here on out, right?It's not a new thing.They brought up awakened Zoan because Zoan fruit were at a disagvantage compared to the other types, and "awakening a beast part of yourself" makes total sense. Suddenly turning buildings into strings does not.
Why Kirara series never rank in these rankings?
2BlondStrongLikableGirl with huge tits like himAverage height in japan male: 5 ft 7 1⁄2 in
3how is it not. it's good.
2When have the admirals or any other logia cloned themselves? And medical treatment for them, assuming they were hit beyond their intangible body, is the same as any other person. Their intangibility reforming is in no way treatment; they never were affected in the first place.and you still haven't touched on why the fuck a stringman has more medical prowess than a specialized doctor or how anything he did made a shread of senseHe doesn't. He's just holding what remains of his organs together and is not healing/mending himself, as he stated after it occurred. If a doctor or anyone slices part of your leg open with a knife, holding/compressing the wound is not any indication of a better medical knowledge.You know the devil fruit uses are just going to get more ridiculous from here on out, right?Most likely, yes. The people with more mastery over their powers tend to be the ones make it to and survive in New World.Suddenly turning buildings into strings does not.I'm neither pleased or displeased with it; I just acknowledge it as advancement of powers. It's just affecting your environment directly. It doesn't make much of a difference in my eyes anyway though. To me, generating strings out of thing air and turning something into string are basically equivalent to each other. It doesn't really give him any additional capability with it.
5Not really.
4Why do you even bother discussing with him? Neither of you are going to change their views anyway. The guy is the type I've seen emerging for years: binge-read all of OP in a short time and starts complaining when he has to read it on a weekly basis like everyone else; nitpicks on every little thing in the latest arc, as if that could invalidate the whole series. It's that or people who read just an arc of two and think they know it all. Just let people like/hate whatever they want.
7not some fanfic author's self-insertlikablethe universe doesn't try to kiss his ass every chance it getsa Gary StuAnon, you're wrong.
4not reallymaybe if you don't like sports manga.but it's pretty good
4They make body doubles all the time and have control over their elements. Why can't they use the doubles to fight?Their intangibility reforming is in no way treatment; they never were affected in the first place.I meant the same loose application of power as Dofla. Dofla has strings, so he strings his organs together. Akainu has magma, so he cauterizes wounds. Aokiji has ice, so he can freeze anything that's entered his body, stop swelling and keep cells from dying.If a doctor or anyone slices part of your leg open with a knife, holding/compressing the wound is not any indication of a better medical knowledge.If a doctor shreds my insides and vital organs, cavities, and arteries with a scalpel, no amount of stitches is going to do a damned thing.Dofla is a super human!Law is a super doctor.Most likely, yes.And it'll keep creeping up the powerlevel chart.I'm neither pleased or displeased with it; I just acknowledge it as advancement of powers.See that right there? The most retarded development there was and you still say "Well I'm neutral." That's fanboyism.To me, generating strings out of thing air and turning something into string are basically equivalent to each other. What? That's like be saying making piss in my kidneys and excreting it is the same as turning my surroundings into piss. They're completely different.Go read FMA so you can get an idea of what a good story is.
7Dude there were constant auto saging threads for NnT before the animeNo there wasn't. We'd get one, maybe two threads a week before the anime was announced.
1You're not any better since you start making a bunch of assumption about others just because a work you like is being criticized. At least that autist had the sense to keep the criticizing to the work, unlike you who jump straight at the person instead.
Where's Academia?
9In the trash along with Toriko
1I'll stop since its not getting anywhere, but I have indeed noticed what you mentioned. I just personally will never understand the mentality behind constantly posting and spreading negativity about something you dislike for no real reason, when that time could be better spent enjoying the things you like. Perhaps I'm just a rare kind though.
8Perhaps I'm just a rare kind though.I'm a special snowflake for blindly eating shit and refusing to have any sort of critical comprehension of a series, and I refuse to read other series so I can actually get an idea of what I'm talking aboutRetard.
8I don't get why you'd treat that like such a big deal anyway. It's still selling very well
9Patience, you newfag.
6I said a rare kind in relation to not wasting time constantly just posting negativity and instead focusing on the positives. Critical comprehension/constructive criticism involves both mention of positives and negatives. Sitting there and talking shit about something with no mention of positives is just shooting something down, as opposed to general discussion.and I refuse to read other series so I can actually get an idea of what I'm talking aboutWhen did I say that?
8see 0You're just upset that people are attacking something you like and refuse to acknowledge that something you like isn't the masterpiece you think it is. Or what, you just want people who agree with everything you say and only praise what you like?
4When did I say that?You've read 700 chapters of OP but have only read a total of 6 action/adventure manga.
2You're just upset that people are attacking something you like and refuse to acknowledge that something you like isn't the masterpiece you think it isI'm not upset at all, I just don't understand the mentality behind it. I even stated before that I knew One Piece or any other series isn't a masterpiece.Or what, you just want people who agree with everything you say and only praise what you like?How'd you get that idea? I'm having a general disacussion about the points the anon raised. This is why I said before that this kind of discussion is shit, because someone pointing out potential flaws/negative of a series is viewed as fine, but when someone replies to them to try give their opinion they're shot down? Talk about one-way communication.3Yeah, because as a whole I'm not into anime/manga that much. I still enjoy the genre of action/adventure very much so, but experience it through other means. I'm drawing comparisons based on both those, and the 6 other mangas I've read which isn't "refusing to read other series".
2That argument works both ways though. It might as well be the case that you're unable to acknowledge that people enjoy something you don't.The one trying to force his "objective" opinion on people is you while no one forces you to read a series you don't like.
4Yeah, because as a whole I'm not into anime/manga that much.You are the quintessential OPfag. This explains so much.
0By that I mean I'm not the kind of person to spend all my free time reading 30+ manga series; I read what I enjoy and nothing more. I can't help than many manga don't pique my interest.Also, great argument anon.
8Moria wasn't oppressing any people on Thriller Bark, it was his ship and those people were all stowaways.
6Seraph in the top 20World Trigger not in the top 10Dammit. I hope the World Trigger author gets better so the series can get higher.
6Also, great argument anon.You have virtually no experience with the medium yet you still feel qualified to make comments about series pacing. You're making blind statements in a vacuum. That's absolutely retarded.5Moria wasn't oppressing any people on Thriller BarkWhat do you call taking them all hostage by stealing their shadows?
0What do you callRobbery. And he wasn't keeping them hostage, they stuck around to steal their shadows back. Please don't argue with me.
I also don't think that Crocodile was oppressing people.He was attempting to take over the country and find Pluton.
9And he wasn't keeping them hostageYou literally can not be in the sun and are confined to this area as a direct result of my actionsThis is not keeping them hostageOk.Please don't argue with me.Because you're just spitting out head canon like the delusional OPfag you are? You're right, there's no point in arguing with someone who doesn't even understand the words they're using.
0You have virtually no experience with the medium yet you still feel qualified to make comments about series pacing. You're making blind statements in a vacuum. That's absolutely retarded.I'll state it for the third time for you. I was comparing Dressrosa's pace to the other arcs within One Piece.What do you call taking them all hostage by stealing their shadows?People who had their shadows taken weren't held hostage by Moriah. He generally sent them off on a boat elsewhere. Brook was an example of this. If you recall the minor character Margaret, she was on another island still living as a maid for her master, with only her ability to go in sunlight gone.
My hero academia just missed out on the top 30. It got around 950k copies sold.
1Yeah, he was in no position to oppress anyone, he ran a casino and the people actually liked him because he killed pirates.8delusional OPfagBecause I disagree with you on them being hostages? You're a swell guy, you know that?
5If you recall the minor character Margaret, she was on another island still living as a maid for her master, with only her ability to go in sunlight gone.Shh, anon, shh, you're just being delusional. They were being held hostage because that guy said so.
Shonen shit everywhere. Too bad the publishers only care about Japan and not the west.
Why do the Japanese hate this ship?
0they both suck
0Because Haibara is best girl.
the ending I like to see if Ran taking the drug as well. Shinichi will think she was killed by Black Organisation, then one day younger Ran show up at school
Because it's boring as shit
0Because Ran a shitHaibara a best
0Ayumi a best
0you will never ever have the old art style back
7Or she takes the drug and is like the only person it actually works on.
3ears as big as the headLuckily not
Early to mid 2000 DC is the best. 90s Conan is about as weird as early yugiohI bet they've been done by the same studio while anything after 2008 is just too much of a jew for me
01 Fujos shipping Shinichi with Heiji or Kaito 2 Haibarafags
They ship Ran with Kaito kid
0You have troubles when even Sera x Shinichi is better
0Is there anything interesting about it in the first place?
0tfw gosho just wrote Ran girl and Shinichi boy chapters as a big fuck you to all who hated his shinran ship.
4How is this ship better? Sera is a freaking stalker.
Kindaichi is a better read than this trash
0Haibara RanAt-least she is relative to main plot
7And Ran is still worst girl, though Shinichi is highly autistic so they propably deserve each other
4Ranworst girlWhy? Just because she isn't important for the plot like Haibara?
6Why would she be the best girl if she can't fight at least Ran is a black belt in martial arts
Is this shit still going on?tfw loved the showtfw watched 85 episodestfw looked up how many more episodes to watchtfw found out there were hundreds upon hundreds of episodesI gave up
0Your mum is a black belt on my cock.
4Everyone ships everyone with Kaito Kid.Though I'll say the times when he disguises himself as Shinichi and flirts with Ran are hilarious. The guy is such a troll.
They don't hate it, they just want it to end.
1My childhood crush. She was my favorite back in the early 00s and she still is.Never made it past episode 300 so don't know any of the new girls like Sera
Why not just kill him instead of turning him into a kid?
9IIRC it was not planned that he lived.The poison was supposed to kill him, if I'm not mistaken.
6I recently tried again, and man it's worth it for episode 345, it was amazing. I'm having problems going past that because people say that nothing ever comes close to that build up and climax.
9no one actually knows that the drug has other effects aside from death without traces aside from haibara.7try watching clash of red and black arc491-504 if you want Black org and FBI.
, 
, 
hated naruto when everyone was watching it on cartoon network because of how gay and cringey it wasstart watching it againstill gay and cringey as fuckfor some reason actually enjoying the show despiteWHY
1There's a reason shows like this get über popular. People naturally identify with a the kind of core adventurous romp that these shows are based around. The whole "chosen one on adventure with allies fighting enemies" has been a storytelling staple since before ancient Greece. Regardless of the outer trappings if the heart of the story is told solidly it can hook you despite the fruity angst and melodrama.
Naruto has plenty of interesting characters, but none of them are the MC.
1Op is a fag, in denial
Speaking of this, shouldn't BD for movie be out soon?
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
please save ango from his suffering
No. Fuck Ango with a rusty spoon.
7Name one terrible thing he does that is not colored by his hatred of sensei fucking shits
8That doesn't justify his actions. Just look at the others; Koruri, Gengoro and Ban are perfectly reasonable human beings and they went through basically the same shit.
3It does not justify his actions because rape and trying to kill people so they will be prepared for when everything else tries to kill them are not cool things, but it gives a context to them, coupled with stress as a leader. They didn't go through the same things as him either, he spent years aware of what would happen if he was a failure after his experience in the fertilizer bin. So he has like double the trauma
6No, let him suffer in the ditch.
6So long as he doesn't become the savior of this arc and get instantly forgiven by everyone. I'll be happy with anything other than that.
1I'm only at the part where the mushrooms infect Aramaki's dogs. I swear to god the Pillar Men are going to show up at some point
6Ango a shit. Make him suffer more.8Excuses. He is a raping shit.
1You're new to this? When dd you start reading?
9Yesterday. I was downloading shoujo manga from that last shoujo manga and decided I might as well get 7seeds while I was at it, because I only read the first volume a year ago.The shoujo manga got put on hold completely when I looked through the second and I am once more on Yumi Tamura's ride. She came an incredibly long way since Basara
So is putting kids inside blenders to make super good fertilizer for vegetables because of how drugged up the kids were to make still alive drugged up kids stronger for the sake of the future better or worse than trying to rape an innocent girl because you are extremely mad at her dad for being a shit who did the former and choosing her to survive without having to face the threat of becoming compost if she isn't good enough
8Ango's justified hate still doesn't justify his actions towards Hana. It's not a question of better or worse.
6I was going to say something about how Kaname could have any issue killing the kids he trained from the picture when he was the blenderman, but I got lost somewhere thinking about the rape attempt
0blenderman
6Yes, please Kaname, put Ango out of his misery.
0So did everyone else who feels this way also hate Asagi in Basara?
7I don't remember hating Asagi too much; I think my Ango hate stems from the attempted rape of best girl and the falling out, which was fantastic. Also, I love to hate his type of character.
3Ango is moe though and doesn't know how to use a blender
But I'm enjoying the Ango suffering.3About Koruri, Gengoro and Ban, while they have managed to retain a moral compass, they still have big issues that they're obviously on the way to healing so I wouldn't call them "perfectly reasonable human beings".They all took part to the killing of Unami who was a piece of shit and abused them so it certainly was a little justified They were also all unable to argue against Kaname when he came back. Koruri said that she The difference is that while some got a superiority complex because of their education Ango, Ryo, Ayu and Nijiko to an  while the others got something like an inferiority complex because they couldn't save their friends with their talents.
4Arashi and Aramaki are enough moe for me, fuck Ango, his suffering is great.
4
1I love how she does whatever the fuck she feels like with the environment. It's made for an extremely entertaining series.
2mind controlling mantis larvaeself aware flesh eating mites aggressive iron eating bacteria that will eat the iron in period blooddinosaurs that turn into plants when it's drygiant ants who evolved from eating energy bars that kidnap children to pack crap feed to their larva and also probably make hallucinogens4But he suffered so much he got Black Jack hair
9Koruri said that she and Nijiko to an Fuck. I guess it's a little too early in the morning for me to type coherent thoughts.Wanted to say that Koruri didn't believe she was able to say "no" to the orders and that Nijiko was a bit of a special case with how she tries to not get involved with others when she can.
6that red bracelet
7The "Death" thing seems assbackwardslet's make sure the kids in the future can survive on their own without someone to hold their handby having someone kill anybody who is a burden to the rest of themand have it be that one guy who trained one of those teams with life or death training that killed every last one of their friends and left them as machines who don't understand concepts like love or funwho would also do anything he said if they encountered him because of their imprinting
2Yeah it's fucked-up. Because it's Kaname that got the idea, I guess it seemed like a great plan in his head since he's not exactly a sane guy either.
7Honestly I hate Asagi a lot more.
6Fuck, I spit my drink.
1I think it's something else making the hallucinogens. Probably a giant spider since there was that one cover.
2I think a fail-safe to get rid of someone who has gone too wrong to fix is a good idea, and it would be ideally a person who knew the kids.Where they really fucked up was going overboard in training them, though they probably realized that too because they didn't repeat it with the other teams.
6Yeah, when Hana and Aramaki saw spider webs in a recent chapter, I thought Tamura would surely give us some big spiders.
60giant spiderOh, fuck no, that's right.
4Arachnophobia?
1For a while there I thought Ryo was gay.
1Still worried about that, anon? Really doubtful that's gonna happen even if he ends up saving them.
2I didn't really pay attention to the "Is Ryo gay?" question when it popped up but noticed on a reread of the series that he's very touchy-feely with Ango. Guess it's the guilt, past-rivalry and devotion that makes him cling to him.Matsuri and Semimaru call it "Ango love" in the Minor Heat arc, if I remember well.
Are the scanlators working with tankos or mag scans?
6With the tanks. There's other people posting raw scans from the magazine.
4Thanks. Normally I'd look at the raws but I don't want to spoil this story without fully understanding everything.
4Yeah I get it, it's the same for me. I don't want to misunderstand something by looking at the raws and wondering what it was about for months.
6The only thing that makes me more angry than Ango's general existence is knowing there are people out there who actually ship Hana/Ango.47Feels good to know moon. Doesn't feel so good that the magazine raws are pretty shit quality, but oh well, it's enough until the tanks come out.
4there are people out there who actually ship Hana/Ango.What the fuck.
I just dislike that it felt like there was finally some progress with Ango after what happened on the ship arc with Natsu and Arashi but now he's back to his m-muh superiority bullshit instead of trying to get over his past. It's not a fault of the writing but he's just such a damaged person compared to characters like Semimaru and Haru, who realized that they didn't have to be attached to their drama and moved on to better things. 4The Chinese raws usually look pretty good.
, 
, 
, 
Jolyne is a big girl. 
7Better daysImplying part 7 and 8 aren't better than any the previous parts.Also two threads up8
9Like three minutes later.
which crusader had the highest kill count and why is he the best
I thought I saw an edit of DIO saying he'll suck Jotaro's dick dry if there's anything left to suck, was I imagining things?If not I need it
You will never post Kakyoin spoilers for the rest of your lifeThat thing you've been doing for years now
Joji Nakata or Sho Hayami?
2TFW no one important dies in part 4Like anyone cares if Fatty dies
2Green shirts and red hair really rustle my World.
2no one importantKira dies, faggot.
3Of course the main villain is going to die
7Kars is still alive.
I just finished part 6. What was up with that ending? Did Araki just have a shitty day or something?
9Fate worse than death
2He was angry because Gyro died.
2He was pissed because he got tot he ending and he realized he hadn't killed any animals in that part.
4Doesn't change the fact that he is still alive making your comment invalid.
2He was getting tired of Dio having such a huge influence over the series so he decided to give the continuity a reboot.
7wow dude fuck you i just started SBR
6If you ever laughed at animeonlyfags getting spoiled then you deserve it.
2guy trying to read the mangalet's spoil it for him anywayWhat's it like to be autistic?
6Diego has the world.
6Don't worry everything ends fine when The kid Gyro wanted to save later dies of a cold 
6Every Zeppeli dies. How can you not see it coming?
2What would you do if the powers of the characters in a manga series you created started reaching super-crazy-powerful levels? Look at Weather Report, Bohemian Rhapsody, King Crimson, etc. Stands were starting to become incredibly destructive/powerful. I have a feeling Araki knew that things were escalating pretty quickly, and it was time to put all of DIO's ambitions to rest. All the problems from Parts 1 to 6 were all because of Dio's actions in Part 1. I also think switching from a weekly manga to a monthly helped him with ideas and plots. Steel Ball Run is pretty fucking great, not to diss the other Parts but SBR is immensely enjoyable. With luck JoJolion will be the same.
6Prime minister has a stand.The body parts are from Buddha.
2And with a monthly manga, Araki's actually remembering things.
post your OC Stands
8no
8Stand generator here if someone needs it
80Fuck off.
8Welcome Home.It makes those affected hate the first thing they see after being hit by it. Forget the hostile Stand user right in front of you, fuck that grass over there, green ass piece of shit. Oraoraoraoraora.
3Mah niggah.
28What have you got against fun?
Does anyone have that word game with a bunch of spoilers pls? Can't find it anywhere
8Autism is a choice.
omg is gay priist here yet!??
5fuck off with your shitty meme
4f u animefag
6Dude was a Zeppeli. Why did you even have hope?
Lot of salt in this thread
3Shit I think that would be my favorite stand fight to watch. Feels like it'd fit well in Part 4
0I was bored so I did this. Actually pretty funny.Stand Name: Ripple Water ShineStand Ability: [Artistic Life Force Imprisonment]- BSpeed - ARange - DDurability - BPrecision - EPotential - BDescription: The power to absorb or imprison the life-force of anything or anyone into the art created. The user may also gain all the powers or energy absorbed in the created master pieces. Sub-Power of Enchanted Artistry. The user can imprison any life-force, energy or aura into their creation or masterpiece and obtain their abilities and appearance from them while being imprisoned. They can absorb the life-force imprisoned on the creations of art made and may enter and exit their art with no difficulties.
8fuck off
7It's 3am and I'm a little tipsy, you fuck off.
1fuck off Dario
7what exactly happened from part 4 to 5 to 6?Everyone went from still being pretty JoJo core to suddenly fujo's paradise to suddenly buff women, ugliest motherfuckers ever, elves and shit and that fucking gay priest fade.
8Here's another good one.Stand Name: In the End Stand Ability: [Empathic Projection]- ESpeed - ERange - DDurability - EPrecision - APotential - EDescription: Ability to share sensations or emotions. A variation of Empathy. Users can share sensations or emotions with other people, either by augmenting mutually shared emotions or exercising control over others by forcing emotions onto them. Users can pass their emotions or sensations on to others and make the targets feel what they are feeling. Users can also experience the feelings of others by physical contact.
no OST
2Did Araki just have a shitty day or something?seemed like he was having fun to me
8Enigma?
3not feeling it, Pucci may try to keep calm but he's as ecstatic as any JoJo Villain. Especially in the 14 words he'd have a hell of alot more emotion than that. ASB did good.
2Close, Enigma trapped people in paper, making them look like works of art. The description here says they can only be trapped in works of art you have made, seems to include sculptures too, not just paintings.
0OP, in strength
We can all agree the Ova is better right?
9I prefer the manga
Mr. BrightsideColor change.Power: ESpeed: DRange: EPercussion: BDurability: APotential: BChanges the color of objects, and the object acts as if its always been always that color. For example, changing a machine rusty will actually rust it. Making milk off-yellow will spoil it. Making a common snake colorful makes it venomous like a jungle snake.
9We can only decide once we see all of DIO's world.
1umm, can you seriously just fuck off?Part 6 is the greatest Jojo part ever written. Hating it is literally hating Jojo and everyone on /a/ will agree with this statement so fuck off back to reddit
9Is Waldo in the OVA? If he's not we'll have to wait for the BDs to see who's truly superior.
4Everyone on /a/ will agree with this statementThat is a hell of a lofty claim.
4i'm not sure if you're being ironic or what. Nowhere did i say anything I mentioned in my post was bad.It's my favorite part actually.Unless you think me saying ugly means bad, in which case, i love Westwood and Ungaro's faces.
I normally hate this kind of stuff, but this thread's shit anyway.Stand Name: Love MachineStand Design: Love Machine is a slender stand that doesn't appear to be suited for combat. It is made up of a viscous pink fluid but still maintains a solid humanoid shape, sometimes it appears to have legs and other times it's lower half appears as a flowing torrent of liquid attaching to its user.Stand Power: Simply put Love Machines power is “sharing”, it can share its Stand power with other Stands by dividing itself up by percentages. It can lend 40% of its power to one Stand, 20% of its power to another and still have 40% to itself. If a Stand that Love Machine is sharing with is damaged that percentage of damage is still transferred to its user. If Love Machine shares 50% of itself with a Stand and that Stand is punched. That Stands user receives 100% of the damage and Love Machine’s user receives 50% Love Machine can also “share” it's health allowing it to transfer damage from one person to Love Machine’s user. Love Machines user must always keep at least 1% of Love Machine on them at any time. Stand Rating:Power: DSpeed: CRange: BPrecision: CDurability: APotential: B
0The Final[Logic Manipulation]Power - ESpeed - CRange - CDurability - BPrecision - CPotential - ADescription: Power to manipulate the rules of logic. Advanced variation of Reality Warping and sub-power of Omnipotence. The user can achieve fundamentally impossible feats on a whim, and freely redefine what's possible and impossible. This ability may be either derived from some highly transcendent powers, or simply exist without much of a cause. With it, the user can shape reality, metaphysics and causation with but a thought, and ignore all rules like they didn't exist at all.
887361Sigh
If you faggots are going to shitpost at least shitpost headcanons or something I can fap to.
7That nigga younger than his grandsons dad doe
5Kenny G's stand is bound to the mansion. It's his home originally.
5pic related 7I hate this cringey OC stand shit but headcanon and fujoshit is even worse
7OC stand shitbetter than anything elseYou're probably the faggot that was posting that OC stand shit.
5Part 8 Holly has a stand since she saw Paisley Park.Her son's stand is Killer Queen.Her daughter's stand is Born This Way. Hers is called Radio Gaga. 
2I'm the guy who posted 7But its still better than shitty gay head canon shit.
5headcanons Fuck off to tumblr, faggot.
7Did what happened to Diavolo count as death?
9tumblr invented headcanons
9DIO's World was fantastic in the OVA, but we're not done with the anime yet, so I can't judge. D'arby was pretty much identical in both. The OVA either skipped over or fucked up everything else Vanilla Ice was MUCH better in the anime, so even if DIO's World is worse, the anime definitely wins overall.
For someone who watched Part 1, 2 and all of 3 that's out, and read 3-6 so far, should I read Parts 1 and 2?
6Go ahead.
0Stand Name: Water Stand Ability: [Feline Physiology]- ASpeed - CRange - ADurability - DPrecision - BPotential - DDescription: A gallery of examples of Feline Physiology.
3I think I much preferred Sho Hayami as Pucci but I think Jouji Nakata is generally fantastic so I'd have liked to see him as someone else probably.
6Stop.This isn't even creative, you're just using a shitty generator that picks powers and stats at random.At least when you autists used to come up with your own ideas there were some remotely cool ones.This is just bottom-feeder shitposting.
Welp, SAS Jonathan is out.
8stand name: ripple water shineno hamon power0/10 die
Daily reminder that even if we get a teaser Part 4 is not confirmed until they add the TBC arrow on the final BD or they announce it at Jump Festa this year.
0「Bye Bye Bitch Bye Bye」 is an ability stand and doesn't have a physical manifestation.Ability: whenever someone says a word of farewell to the user adios, see ya', goodbye, farewell etc., he or she may activate the stand's ability by replying "Bye Bye Bitch Bye Bye" and send the target to some random part of the world. It has to be land, but other than that, it's completely random.
1That is a pretty bird, anon.
8Is Waldo in the OVANo
0Stand Name: 花の唄星の唄 Stand Ability: [Artificial Soul]- ASpeed - DRange - DDurability - DPrecision - BPotential - DDescription: The power to have your soul made out of artificial materials. The user is granted a artificial soul comparable to a human soul to replace natural soul. The artificial soul can take control of it, operating in a pre-programmed manner until removed. They can also be used on a body that has no soul, such as a corpse or even an inanimate object, such as a stuffed animal. These artificial souls possess their own personalities, which can be specially designed to fit one's specifications.Basically Gold Experience just without custom anti-venom snakes and such.
2Okuyasu died but was too stupid to find his way to heaven so he came back.
22Araki was getting sick of Dioso he made Dio the final antagonist of SBRok
0Depends on if David has any other work to do after. Part 3 was only so late because they had Neptunia to do
Reminder that OST never :^
7But it's in the pastebin anon.7
0pastebin is removed
0[Destination] isn't.5Remove the :4u
0I think I found the ultimate Stand guys. It would be a super Stand for the next main antagonist.Stand Name: ManipulationStand Ability: [Relative Strength Perception]- BSpeed - ERange - EDurability - APrecision - APotential - BDescription: The ability to become as powerful as another perceives oneself as being. Not be confused with Belief Dependent Physiology. The user can become as powerful as another perceives them as being. If their opponent perceives the user as being strong or threatening, they will become so. If the user is perceived as some all powerful evil monster that is what they will become.
8INCOMING AUTISM BEEP BEEPBeautiful Garbage album by GarbageNo idea lolPower: CSpeed: BRange: CPrecision: CDurability: BLearning: ACan paste any two objects together, as long as they are smaller than the Stand itself. The pasted objects will function as whatever object the user fashioned it after regardless of how flimsily and shoddily constructed it is. For example a stick and a bowling ball will function as a mace, and the stick won't snap under the weight of the bowling ball. A plate can be pasted to a wheelbarrow as a makeshift steering wheel. Two baguettes can be pasted together in a cross shape and used as helicopter blades or a propeller. Only one composite object can be made at a time. As soon as a new object is made the previous is separated and both components regain their old properties. This can be utilised in a number of ways, such as creating a new object to separate two straws used as support beams for a structure, causing it to collapse. The objects BG creates are treated as part of BG itself and thus can damage other Stands.
7The World looks better in Part 3
6That's decent, anon.
8t-thanks anon and n-nice d-dubs
8No shit it does.
1lose my shit everytime god dammit
2Oh shit. Well... Rohan "dies" spoilers might be the same... right?
Why do people like Kakyoin?He has the least personality out of all the crusaders, even Jotaro.
7God, Araki peaked with Mid Part 4.Everything after it looks fucking horrendous.
8He has no friends all his lifeHe's the most relateable  also has great taste in women 
In all fairness DIO's chin is pretty damn big here, maybe DP are being too faithful.
2i care about shigechi;-;
19some fresh OC for you guys
7
7punches a hole in his stomachThe World confirmed for fat-shaming stand.
6BEEP BEEP MORE AUTISMBallroom BlitzPower: CSpeed: InfiniteRange: InfinitePrecision: ADurability: ELearning: EBallroom Blitz builds up static electricity as it drags its feet along the ground. It starts off incredibly slow and with a short range but gets progressively faster and its range increases as it builds up charge. Hitting or being hit by Ballroom Blitz causes 30% of its total charge to enter the opponent and travel to the ground. With enough static built up, touching BB is the equivalent to being struck by lightning. Too much static build up can harm the user. BB can be easily beaten by separating it from objects that conduct electricity, forcing the user to bring it back or kill them if too much electricity is accrued.
Speedwagon is better than this piece of shit OC stand thread deserves. Except for this OC. 7
3
0how does Speedwagon look in Araki's new artstyle?
03Why was Zeppeli such a dick to this magnificent gentleman? So glad that italian prick died.tfw no Speedwagon JoJonium cover.
9Araki probably doesn't remember who he is, I doubt he'll ever draw him again.
1Hating on based Zeppeli
You've been visited by the /pol/nareff of sieg heil. Great gains and Coco jumbo will come to you, but only if you post "gaz ze jewz" on this thread.
4Fuck off Bubblesthe only good Zeppeli is a dead one. And Gyro but that counts as a dead one.
9but Polnareff is French
7and hitler wasnt german
9being this much of a faggot
7what is Vichy France
2Shit, you're not wrong.
02flipping through those images side by side, it's literally 1 for 1 the face from the mangaand here I thought it was QUALITY
0The QUALITY looking face Ice has when he's just about to start booting Iggy for the first time is 1:1 too.
3shame, he would probably look even more hansomealso nice quints
20Oh my god they weren't off
3Had the opportunity to marry Erina Didn't because she was Jonathan's wifeSpeedwagon is truly the best bro.
0I don't know why I find the filename so funny.
20HOLY FUCKDAVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID
I just download the 7th stand and on the wiki it says bonus content shows up, up till new game plus 10. I like part 3 but not that much so does anyone know where I can get a save file to start the game on plus 10?
8watermarkderail incoming.
3bitching about watermarkthey care and i dontthat's about it
93
, 
How good was Ange's pussy?
Ange didn't fuck, they just slept naked next to each other
5L-lewd
They just gently slept next to each other.
ITT: The last non hentai anime you fapped to
SadPanda thread.it before it gets gettedMany new tanks.
it gets gettedWhat?
7wani'd
Post angry girls.
8scat
6It's just half a page.
4Which page?
moly this doujin
0Why don't you look for yourself?
4Scat triggers me.
7femdomyandereincest
some miscRequesting girls that act slutty but are virgins
3I've been using it for about a week. It's pretty good.
3loli

5one has the bonus booklet.
not a fan of loli or tentacleslove monsterxgirl thoughanymore like this? like, not random tentacles, but an actual monster assaulting girls?
1Why not link to the tank?
7oooooooo boy

Guess what's out?
3Fue is love. Fue is life.
7girl rapes guyhow does a girl rape a guy, exactly?
8
8Anon... You should go to a doctor.
8
8
8Goddamnit anon
14206w-what did i dothis is the first time ive felt so new
6
6just search Fue english at the search bar fucking retard
34i just didnt see it okay ;__;
7It's ok anon we still love you.
9Stop lying, no one loves him.
73333You're trying too hard.
2shoving a dildo in his ass.or alternatively fucking him in the ass with a strap-on.jeez newfags these days.
3woah how do you get it to linkify like thatmy shit only does that for youtube and stuff like that

test
0Source on this? I feel like I've seen this art style before.
8your new is showing
0I've used 4chanx since literally day 1 faggot
4That's nice dear.
4thinking it's 4chan xback to /v/ please
2I figured it would be oneechan or app chan but of course you're too autistic to tell me
3It's neither, but of course you have to be spoonfed everything and don't know how to use google
3I'm just amazed that you don't know what it is but you claim that you aren't a newfag.
07Seconded please. Yandex and Google give nothing and I can't even find the artist's name. Is this even a hentai crop?
90I'm surprised it's a completely standalone thing that seems to have been created specifically for these threads
3you go anon
6I already found it but thanks anyways
a redundant as fuck tag like "blowjob face" existsstraight shota doesn'twho adjudicates this shit system
3I don't think you know what a blowjob face is if you're calling it "redundant".
3
3you could have saved many seconds of your life just typing "I do"
Got a new laptop and now sadpanda won't load. Didn't use a script in the past, just the standard method through e-h. E-h still loads, but sadpanda just says connecting, then doesn't get past that.Any suggestions?
8Go back to your old laptop.
5It overheats and turns itself off when I load pages too quickly, otherwise I would
5Probably should fix it then.
tfw fapped to all kinds of weird shit but somehow kissing ended up being my favorite tag
Why isn't there an exhentai thread on /h/?
Haven't bothered with the panda since Feb. Anything new from Homunculus or Napata?
1It's a shame there's not a lot of vanilla with decent amount of that, and actual foreplay.
4Because /h/ is full of /b/tardsSadpanda threads were delegated to /h/ for a while because of retard mods but they were horrible as you would expect
5I have some bad news for you, anon...Has it really been almost a year since the shitstorm?
1Kuroki Hidehiko is my favorite for kissing.
7You're my favorite for kissing anon.
4Because /h/ is a lot of people who only use /h/ for getting porn and nowhere else and only care about random images.
4I love you.
I feel like my experience gain from Dawn is half of what it used to be. Is this just a result of the experience-to-level recalculations, or has something changed from just needing to post on the forums every day to maintain full experience award?
7The former.
7What does it being "maximum" mean to you?
0?
3Your name."Maximum"How is it to be "Maximum"How different than "Regular Joe"?
3[Ex][Ghettoyouth] I Don't Need Feminism Because... [English]Probably the first western artist I've seen who's actually able to imitate manga-style art well. Good list.
1You must not have seen ShindoL then, since he's American.
1Side on close ups of kissing a best.
7What?
7Same reason it's called Exhentai.
2what does girl saliva and tongue taste like?
1guy too. It's probably because they leave American cartoon proportions and American cartoon noses behind. I have no idea why it's so hard for Western artists who want to imitate manga style to drop that shit.
3Probably whatever they've last eaten.
2I am of understanding. Maximum Joe is abnormal deviant version.Regular Joe reserved for vanilla locations.3What you not of the understanding? Improving comprehend because none you have. Laughing in you. chuckle.
0The X Makes It Sound Cool
7that was fucking beautiful anon thank you
8Yea, almost. I digged around a little, and found a couple new Napatas. Not sure if I've missed anything more, though
4think most of everything done has been been translated into English.
I remember reading one a long time ago about an idol or something going to an island and making a porn and sending it to her boyfriend. Anybody know the name of it?
6I think most of everything done has been been translated into English.Except for his 4 most recent chapters and his most recent doujin
9I don't really download the raw magazines tbh.
6Most western artists go to school to learn how to draw where they are irreversibly made horrible. That's why they all have seemingly the same style.
7Ah, I assumed he was Japanese. Strange that his work isn't categorised as western on ex but that is.
5Japanese American, most likely a nisei who grew up speaking Japanese at home anyway before his parents moved him back to Japan.
1What about that one faggot who did the alice in wonderland shit?
3Implying that was good
4/h/ is filled with retards who lack even the barest knowledge of hentai.If you doubt that, look at this:/h/3950175
2That thread must be a bait can
7takei ooki
else really dislike these rape doujins where the main girl never breaks into a slut?
Will there be a sequel?
1I know how you feel.
Freshly translated Algolagnia for your enjoyment.
8CHEYAA?!?!

7Well shit, we need more of this.
Anyone else having problem with sadpanda loading images? When I click "click here if image not loading" it loads but I have to do it for every single image. What could it be?
4You're probably just looking at a gallery that's being hosted by someone who shouldn't be hosting.
so now that lewd wani bootlegger blog got taken down again, where can I get the stuff that I missed?
7Nope. It's for every single thing. Main page, links posted here, even my bookmars. I just want to fap in peace man
class="quote"That shock when you find a sensible ejaculationWhat on Earth is going on.
I love you guys
2Had a similar issue last March. Joe told me to turn off the Image Load Settings and it worked so try it.
5nhentai
5so now that lewd wani bootlegger blog got taken down again,Again? The world isn't being kind to them, compared to the others that hosts and/or translates such just getting a slap on the wrist, or getting away scot-free.
2Try getting a manga viewer/something that loads all the pages at once. Same shit used to happen to me but stopped since I got one.
5You should check your bookmark for a typo.
2I mean, they are a group focused solely on translating aggressively DMCA'd content.
5got taken down againBut it's up.
5Oh it worked! Danke anon
1Xteal is also nice:are quite a few good western artist, but unfortunatelly most don't draw comics, or waste their time on cartoon shit and you can only see their talent when they drw something else.Ghettoyouth's stuff also feels very "japanese" in story style.
4I'd like doxy if he didn't only ever do MLP. MLP is like the kancolle of the west when it comes to drawn porn.
Anyone know of any accidental sex manga? I would post the Akinosora Otchokochoitto one to give an example but it has been purged.
5
3The artist for this was a flip.1It's so good, I would rather not label it as western. His art-style clearly isn't western in the first place.

2Well shit, thanks anon.

4I had this problem a couple of days ago. It seemed to sort itself out pretty after a while though.
30
Love Is A Girlfriend Who Makes A Mazo Cum With Her Farts
post your favorite impregnation stuff
84
If you read hentai in some random full-gallery site, you might found yourself fapping to a raw Danganronpa then suddenly the images continues to an Evangelion doujin.
1At least Kancolle doesn't inspire so much bestiality and furry.
know where the higher res version of this is? On page 226 it shows a better version but the rest was resized. I wanted to edit the english mag scans into the tank and get the rest translated but not if it isn't the best version.
7Anyone know where the higher res version of this is?On page 226 it shows a better version but the rest was resized.zedwardTypical zedward.
4It just doesn't make sense unless his upload speed is bad. It's not like he puts the higher res versions behind a paywall and uses these as advertisements. Literally no reason to do that. The scan is fine, just small, even smaller than the mag scans.
7He did that kind of stuff for many times now. Even others can vouch for that.
Netoraserare Chapter 17I'm kinda hoping for an ending here husband and wife NTR the Senpai in front of him.
4I've always been fond of InCase
9He's not really good at making it known then.
7

7Well if anyone can find out how to get higher res scans from him I'll do 7I went through his links and came across which I'm guessing is his site but shits all chinese n shit.
9malelactation
146th for funny.
1It would be better if you just wait for vlad, tsukuyomi, or someone else's version, and avoid zedward's releases.
7has taken a long time. but i have found my holy grail
3I just wonder if they see that it's already scanned and pass it up.
0Being it scanned already didn't stop them from uploading their versions.

2Any artists who draw a lot of kissing? Most sex scenes go straight to cocksucking. I can think only of Fue with his tongue fetish.
Arai Kei got himself a tank. yay motherfuckers.
there were more Bengali tigers alive than male porn actors in JapanThose hentai has been deceiving you. There are more than what any artist can draw,/b/618925906
31:142 men:women ratioAnd they said nothing tops aomizuan's MCs.
3That's a lot of sluts. Really says a lot about the ladies of japan.They're all horny sluts because the guys won't give them any.No wonder gaijin have so much success with one night stands over there despite the xenophobia.
3shortage of men OPWWII discussionSasuga /b/.
0People can be pure. Not be able to believe that is your problem.
I have bad taste if I fapped to this? The drawing is subpar but I love the execution.
3Define a lot. I doubt it's going to be the main focus too often since it isn't exactly pornographic, but I notice Takeda Hiromitsu often has a few pages of it, and I like the way he does it.You also might be interested in Ditama Bow's totally not porn manga kissxsis.
5girls doing other girls is really hot. I wish more artists did that.
4is the entirety of that chapter translated yet? last time i checked it was only partial i think.
5It is complete now.
5Yep.
Nitori a cutest

Does DLSite seriously only offer PDFs?
4It depends purely on the content/publisher. Some give jpg's, a lot are DLsite's DRM protected jpg's and some are protected pdf's
5Does the dlsiteviewer.exe ripper from the forum still work?
4Works fine for me on Windows 7
0Thanks, just making sure before I buy some old magazines from 2001. Any way to preview the resolution/quality?
0You can make a pretty good guess based on the number of images vs file size but that's about it. The Japanese for some reason don't seem to think that maybe the customer might want to know what he's buying so they never mention resolution.
2I presumed as much. 19.29 mb, 255 pages, I'm not expecting much.
2The irony of this post.Japan has the most generic art style of any country in the world. You have to be a complete otaku with years of experience reading manga to tell one artist apart from another most of the time. And don't both posting example of mangaka with 'alternative' art styles. We all know they only make up less than 5% of works published in Japan.
7Look forward to the result, okay?Holy moly. Second chapter fucking when?
be the first one to get a torrent updoing really well, hundreds of downloads, dozens of seedersentire day later a new torrent pops upthousands of downloads within hoursThis is the result of torrents being shared off-site, with hordes of Asians who don't even visit ex downloading it, right?
2Maybe.
2Did you post it on nyaa and tokyotosho? Are you a trusted uploader? Those are probably the big factors in why.
no character developmentstory and plot nonexistentgeneric artstylefor parodies: non-canon parsonailties and off-model designsThis describes the majority of doujinshi out there. Yet I always see this type of 'coloring by numbers' type doujinshi being very popular. Why don't the people who read this shit just fap to image galleries instead? Why does everyone have such shit taste and low standards?
maturentrimpregnationtransformation
7You seem upset.All I hear is "waaaah stop liking what I don't like!"
4Not upset. To each their own. I am just genuinely bewildered how people can have such shit taste and low standards.I've come to accept that behavior from normies, but it gets to me when it's people with the same area of interest as myself.
people actually like ntr
Try to remember the first thing you read on the site.Now post it.
What's are your favourites Black Dog doujin?
0Its "easy" money. You basically just need to show up and not be totally disgusting and you get paid well with no education or anything. There is a reason its the worlds oldest profession.Males need to have some endurance, control, and decent sized dicks. I mean, in Japan they don't need to have big dicks, but most places they do. Its harder for men. Also, men usually need to start doing gay porn before they can break into straight stuff which isn't something a lot of guys want to do.
8finally someone who doesn't like it
Guys, im looking for a doujin. It was about these two girls and one had this parasite penis in the cunt that trained her to be addicted to pleasure and then she fucked her friend and the parasite went into her friend and did the same thing to her. They even tried to plot against the parasite but they utterly failed. Does anyone know which one im talking about?
9Is it a manga or doujin?
6Its definitely a doujin. Its a one shot for sure. One of the things that happened in it was the parisite said he would let them go if the first girl could overcome her training and all she had to do was sniff her freinds pussy for like 5 seconds without cumming. She tries and instantly breaks down and starts masturbating and cumming all over herself. I hope that helps.
7Thank you, I needed this.
7Gentle yandere sisterHNNNNNNNNNG
96
3Actually never mind I just read your second post more thoroughly that isn't it at all
30Yeah, that isn't it. But I think the art style was similar. Thought looking through the artists tag doesn't reveal the doujin. Thanks for helping me look btw. I really love this doujin and want to see it again. I wish I started using the favorites tab much earlier.
1There is a tag for parasite so maybe try looking through those?
I have a e-hentai cookie labelled "skipserver" that expires in late June.Do I get to get into sadpanda on that date? If it's not that, then is there any other hint in the cookies that could tell me when I get into sadpanda?The cookie editing technique doesn't work for me anymore.
7This is just too pitiful, so I'm just going to give it to you.Sign up at g.e./forumsGoogle 'Sadpanda' and your browser.Install associated plugin.Go to ex and sign in.Really that simple.Hate me all you want for spoonfeeding or whatever you idiots love to bitch about for no reason.
2Install associated plugin.but that's wrong
2pluginJoe will come laugh at you later.
0I would but it's just not that funny anymore.
People are so bad at using the internet. I literally opened incognito mode, logged into EH, and then visited EX. Literally that easy.
I made a pastebin of a lot of my favorites, i used hbrowse, hitomi, and nhentai for they things not on ex anymore 
God dammit, what the fuck is wrong with the E-h tracker and why is it doing this, torrents from there work fine on utorrent on windows but anything I get from there and download on linux just ends up like this, and it's the only god damn tracker giving me problems, all the others I use are fine so it can't be a configuration problem my end otherwise they'd all be fucked.
7Hakase?Is that you?
3no just a fan
Can I get a list of shit that was removed/not allowed on sad panda anymore?Trying to find them in other places but there isn't exactly a category specific to items banned from other sitesI know there's a pastebin floating around somewheresb
3Correct it then.
6It's already been postedyou don't need a fucking plugin to browse exyou don't need some special cookie editor you just need to clear all cookieslog into EHthen you can visit ex easily foreveryou can do it on a fucking phoneit's not fucking hard
got something similar to the princess part?
I've been accessing g.e-hentai.org instead of Exhentai for the first time in quite a while.Is it me or:1. Galleries that have never been favorited don't appear in Exhentai's front page nor searches. They do exist if you find then on g.e-hentai.org and change "g.e-" to "ex".2. Exhentai's front page is slower updated later than g.e-hentai's.Does this gallery appear in your exhentai's front page or searches search for "dinner time spanish": make sure when you check it the gallery has still never been favorited ? If it doesn't, 1 should be true.Does this gallery appear in your exhentai's front page: check it as soon as possible since maybe later it does appear ? If it doesn't, 2 should be true.
1What's the problem, that you don't have the seeder/leecher numbers in parenthesis?
8Shit, someone already favorited the first gallery.Try this one: and search for "reason moved spanish"
8There's an hour delay before galleries show up on ex, this isn't news.
1I didn't know.Is that just for 2 or it applies somehow to the thing I explain in 1 too?
8Yeah, it feels as though it's affecting my ability to download things that have a very small amount of seeders and shit takes longer to start downloading in the first place.
8Yeah, I don't know what's causing it or if there's anything that can be done. I'm running Deluge on Linux too and the same thing's happening to me. I can't say if it affects downloads, though, as I haven't really noticed anything like you're saying.
7Yes, that is proper rape. Not that I'm complaining. MUH DICK.But if this has ever happened to you I feel sorry for you. Even worse because most societies don't really acknowledge male rape.For the record: how would /a/ react if the genders were reversed?
4Forgot my contribution:
0replying to myselfNever favorited galleries do appear in exhentai's front page and searches.
Does anyone know any good downloaders for sadpanda? There are some old galleries I'd like to get, and seeing as how DDLs and H@H don't give you full quality images, I want something faster than manually saving all those images.
4how would /a/ react if the genders were reversed?The same? It seemed pretty standard blackmail ntr. Not sure where people were getting the yandere from. I didn't get that impression from the girl at all. It was definitely really good. But, again, its pretty standard. Just a girl stealing the lover this time around.
9DDLs ... don't give you full quality imagesArchive Download? It does give you the full sized files, you fool.
9Oh, so it does. My mistake. Suppose then that I don't have that many credits. Any ideas?
6Get some GP :^
8Yes, I did leave myself open to that. Oh well. I can't seem to find any good downloaders online. Might as well whore out my bandwidth to the ponyfag for some hath for the time being.
7The same? It seemed pretty standard blackmail ntr.Ah, ok. I didn't know how rape is looked upon outside /d/, especially since this is allegedly a work-safe board.
7is the only one where the name isn't obscured.
vanilla tag neverWhy must we suffer like this, there's literally a tag for everything's else
2Because vanilla is subjective
4It really isn't
7
22 Is loli vanilla? milf? OL? anal? incest? impregnation? yuri? yaoi? Define vanilla and I can guarantee I can find someone who disagrees.
7Top right.
2The basis definition is probably "not rape," but then you can slap on as many arbitrary conditionals as you want, like these: 4You'd have better luck advocating for a "romance" tag that a "vanilla" one.
2why not -netorare,-cheating,-rape ?
6Well I'm glad it's not just me. What distro, Arch? I've tried it on 3 different machines all running arch and it's the same story.
9not rapeYou have no idea how all encompassing that kind of tag is. Contrary to popular belief the majority of hentai isn't rape. That kind of tag covers so much shit it borders on completely useless.
3That's what he's saying.
Some recent stuff
2I would kill for an arc where bat and crab interact a lot.
2vanilla tag neverbi-sexual tag never, to find all of the trap male female doujinsgangbang tag that isn't useless neverfeltching tag nevermale female cumswap tag nevertrapxfuta tag neverfunny/humor tag neverpregnant tag that workssuffering of this magnitude deserves a monument
1Yeah, it's even rare in doujins for shinobu to do threesomes with other non Loli characters.
6vanilla tag completely subjectiveyaoi/yuri + ffm/mmf + shotacon +m:crossdressinggroup/m:harem/mmf +rape/mind break/insert fetish herefutanari + shotacon + m:crossdressing +male_on_futanari/futanari_on_male
9damn it I think I know what you are talking about. does the parasite excrete some sort of scented powder before entering the host? and then it gets connected to the host's nervous system and at one point they try to stab it and the host feels the pain? I'd like to read it again
I'm looking for some cum in nose/ears/eyes/on anusSeems pretty hard to find.
5Not exactly.I dont remember exactly how the doujin started off but im pretty sure it was with the two main girls in school and then after school the girl with the parasite in her was sucking off/getting fucked by a bunch of dudes and when her friend finds her the parasite comes out of her pussy and makes her rape her friend. Thats how I think it starts off. It gets connected to the hosts nervous system for sure but I dont remember any stabbing or powder stuff.If you know which doujin you're talking about try and find it and link it here. Any lead would be helpful. It might even be what we're looking for.
6Try some John K peta
8I just found it
6Nope, thats not it at all. There were no lolis, and Im pretty sure no guys outside of that initial gangang. Especially no MC guys. The doujin primarily focused on those two initial girls.
6feltching
Lewd smile suggestions?
9I mean grin, but both work.
7O-oh my..
242493Vanilla is exclusively heterosexual sex in the missionary position with vaginal penetration of a human female of the age of majority by a non-related human male of the age of majority within the confines of a loving and monogamous relationship.
Why is the torrent for this so big?
7Hi. 
JOEDUALWIELD BUFF WHEN
9So scat, hairy armpits, large areola, midget, bbw, huge breasts, big nipples, lacation, pregnant, balls expansion, big clit, big vagina, big ass, farting, armpit licking, gaping, foot licking, all the way through, gag, cum swap, gokkun, urination, vomit, amputee, blind, etc. are ok.
9Nigger, panda can barely handle the oppai loli tag properly. You should have no faith in them handling something like a vanilla tag properly.
6Vanilla tag is such a stupid tag to try and make. People won't agree on an exact definition.
post traps
I shouldn't be fapping to this, but I can't stop.
Is there stuff similar to this but also shows the girl after giving birth and then they get raped by the child.I've searched for rape impregnation birth but I can't find one like I described.
Anyone got something where the guy walks in on the girl cheating or vice versa, and it doesn't end with them joining. For example they beat up the person, or cuss them out, break down etc.
How do I search for exact terms? For example, if I search for artist:fue I'll get results for any artist that has fue in it. Adding quotation marks doesn't work.
this fucking site sucks dicks. wheres all the vanilla?
6Does this have a full english translation?In 8 months probably, im surprised yassy don't gets enough attention.
0Man, that sucks. It has already been out for 2 years now. I thought that someone would have translated it by naw.
1exhentai.org/tag/fueThere's no other way
1only get only Fue
3And if I want to add additional tags to that?
8Too bad
Anons help me. What's the sauce of this picture? It's croped from something bigger and there's no way to reverse image this
9Etrian Odyssey maybe?
99Knew I recognized those hair bands.
9YEP. Thank you anon. I checked name you provided and found it's from here:
I JUST FAPPED, GODDAMN IT
8dat was gudNow that we got several /ss/ things, fue should give us some loli.
I need girls being fucked through there spats.
Ahh... she smells so nice...This shit gets my diamond hard for some reason, is there a tag for this?
0Fuck I need this tooI love that kind of fucking where they're being fucked with their spats/swimsuit/stockings being used as a sort of makeshift condom.Thats just the fucking best.
4He meant Fletchling.
What's a good program to use for reading?I currently use CDisplay but sometimes it doesn't load the images
4Xnview, Honeyview.
4I use honeyview, but xnview is good too. Just depends on what features you like the most.
any know where this is from? I tried google and yandex already
0Reading more yassy than just that one posted and it's super hawt.Don't know how I haven't heard of this group before.
8
7cmon buddy
7Hatuiki Syndrome
only recently discovered this guy.Nice fetishes, damn funny and some of the sexiest lolis yet.
1He's fucking great. LITERALLY every face is a 10/10 reaction image.
Finally, D-Medal is done. Tank up for sale June 12.Also, who Shioroku here?
11
Haven't browse sadpanda for a week due to work, so much to fap to.
489Why bother with a program?Which features are even worth using one for?
What do you think about people who exclusively use these threads for porn and don't do anything else? If it isn't linked in these threads, it won't be looked at by them.
5Adjustable slideshows are what I use them for the most.
2I dont mind them. If I can help someone fap then Im happy. Not everyone has to contribute and its fun helping people looking their stuff because you can often stumble across new fappable stuff along the way. I know I have.
2What do you think about peopleNothing. Why would I care?I do however think very badly of people who ask me what I think of other people in a way that implies something bad about the people on which I'm asked my opinion on.
5Adjustable slideshows, 2 pages at same time, why not?
35What do you mean by adjustable?In terms of page size or something?I loathe having to scroll up and down on pages to see it all, even if it looks a lot better with hi-res images.2 pages at same timeBut why? To emulate looking at an actual manga? Personally I prefer looking at one page. It's not like when actually reading manga that both pages are looked at the same time. 3lol k
3lol kFuck off.
3As in duration. Like a slideshow where it goes to the next image after 5 seconds, or 10 seconds, or 20 seconds, or whatever. And yeah, also adjusting the resolution to fit your screen is good too.
5Oh, I don't have any use for that. I have no problems with one hand on the keyboard and one hand fapping. I'll stay on any one given page for different durations each. Certainly I'm not going to use both hands for fapping though.
2Oh, I don't have any use for that.Sometimes you have to use both hands and its easier.

love this artist.
Best Futa artist? and best Futa artist with lolis involved?
2Askray Bosshi
2Take me to ariake
way... to being half way. Fuck.
So guys, what are you favorite doujin featureing dark skinned girlshere are some of my favorites
7Awww

2
9Girls putting clothes back on and going about their day after being cummed inside is my fetish.
1literally fap to little boys
7Little boys have vaginas and dress in sexy lingerie now? I've been doing things wrong this whole time.
I need help finding a doujin. it was about a guy that gets genderbent by a big boobs spirit i gues, then his friend fuck him/her.hope someone helpsme.
4I doubt it's a doujin.
5I like how there's a retard going around and tagging every loli with budding breasts as oppai loli.Great job, dude. Nice comprehension abilities you have.
hath at 5550REMINDER TO KEEP SHORTING HATH!I hope you all have made lots of panda shekels the past month.
4Need to get my mod power up ;^
4Fucking this. You have no idea how frustating it is to comb through the oppai loli tag looking for actual oppai loli but instead being bombarded with nothing but lolis with barely visible tits or hestia garbage.Jesus fuck how is this a hard concept for people to grasp. How can they get it wrong so hard so many times.?
24I dont know guysHere have one of my favorite pai lolis to cheer you all up 
5one of Noise's stories has been translated in Spanish and Italian, but not in English
1It has, I just haven't uploaded it yet. I'm almost done editing the tank. Hold on for a few of hours.
4Well, it is almost 5AM for me.
Do you guys remember whereMaybe it's just me but I have an aversion about being fucked by my own cockIs from?It's been bugging me all day.
4That delicious armpit. I love you Goin.
0Only thing that comes to mind is Sei So Tsui Dan Sha but that's probably not it.
does anyone know you get credit/points for seeding torrents
9Only if you create them.

Got the translation but I'm going to go ahead and wait for the mikocon raws to edit since they're so close.
8Also made a bounty for the other part to this. 
8dat meat
8FUCK I LOVE SHITPOST MORE SCAT
I'm trying to sign in to sad panda and keep getting "No accounts exist with name ______"time to panic T_T
7Stop using the plugin.
0I didn't consider that.What do I use besides the plug-in, though?
It's time
1not Kitakami and Abukuma
Title: Abukita x ExchangeBy: ChuutaAbu: Not good!Abu: I forgot that I have expedition today! I'm gonna late!KTKM: And then...Ooi: GeezAbu: Woa! KTKM-san get out of my way!Ooi: Kyaa! KTKM-san, are you okay!?Abu KTKM: Yeah... somehow...Abu KTKM: Oocchi, you okay?
1RIP Abukuma
Give her some lovefuck captcha
A Myoukou doujin got scanned, what are the chances that someone picks this up?
1Sorry, getting a call from my mom. Please wait
7You are a good daughter
7Refrain how does it feel when anons call you a girl?
0Hell, I'm just joking. I hear that a lot lately
0You don't want to be called a cute ship girl?
2want to be called a cute ship girlNot that guy but what? I'd rather be called Ultimate Darkness instead.
5Edgy KagafagWhy does this not surprise me?
Body changeAbu KTKM: Geez, she got me. That Abukuma, why did she hit me like that?Ooi: Huh...Ooi: You're... Abukuma, right?Abu KTKM: What's with that joke?Abu KTKM: I'm super KTKM-samaOoi: I see...Ooi: They exchanged body!Mysterious feelingOoi: Could it be because of the shock just now?Ooi: How is this possible?Abu KTKM: Oocchi, you're weirdAbu KTKM: Don't put me on the same level of that light cruiserKTKM Abu: Hm...Abu KTKM: Huh?Abu KTKM: Isn't that...me?
4EdgyNah, call me Supreme Warrior 
6Their eyes metAbu KTKM: Eh!? Why!? Oocchi, why I'm in front of me?Ooi: KTKM-san... you haven't noticed...KTKM Abu: Ouch... I bumbed into KTKM-san again...KTKM Abu: Hm?MisunderstandingKTKM Abu: Ahhhhh!KTKM Abu: That form... Isn't that...Abu KTKM: Ah, so you're surprised tooAbu KTKM: Maybe this is what they called doppelganger?Ooi: KTKM-san, you're misunderstanding this!She doesn't see what she looks like
9
1I just want to see Kitakami with Abukuma voice and personality.4Why do I feel like a failure just now.
9Godai pls1ExplainOoi: KTKM-san, come here please...Abukuma-san tooAbu KTKM: Hm?Abu KTKM: What is this!?ExpressionAbu KTKM: A-bu-ku-ma?KTKM Abu: Don't look at me like that with my face!!KTKM Abu: I-I'm sorry... This is all my faultKTKM Abu: Forgive me. Because I bumped into KTKM-san...Abu KTKM: Don't act so girly with my face!KTKM Abu: Eh!?Ooi: Nice! Very nice, Abukuma-san!
7Just your imagination
6Nice! Very niceoi please
6My...Abu KTKM: Geez, I can't sortie with you as a combi like this!Ooi: Well!Ooi: So you finally told me your true feeling in a time like this!Abu KTKM: Of course! Oocchi and I are the strongest torpedo cruisers combi!Ooi: That's right!KTKM Abu: Excuse me... Ooi-san, that's my body...Ooi: Don't worry, KTKM-san! Our bond is eternal no matter how you look like!KTKM Abu: Hey... that's my...This wasn't a laughing matterAbu KTKM: Seriously, what should we do? We can't sortie like thisAkashi: Eh?Akashi: You bumped into each other and exchanged body?Abu KTKM: Yes, can you fix this?Akashi: Ahahaha, this isn't that kind of manga!Abu KTKM: But it's trueAkashi: It's true!?
9Verbal slipAkashi: But, I can only fix something physical so I don't think I can help youKTKM Abu: No wayAkashi: Ah! But you can deepen your bond like this, right?As someone who has the same problemAkashi: J-Just kidding...FemaleKTKM Abu: KTKM-san, I'm really sorryAbu KTKM: Geez! I've heard enoughKTKM Abu: Ooi-san must be mad too, right? For KTKM-san to enter my body like thatOoi: Actually, I'm grateful to you, Abukuma-san. I can finally see KTKM-san's femininity nowAbu KTKM: Hey, Ooicchi?
0That shy KTKM looks adorable
0The rumorUshio: Ah, you're here! Abukuma-san!Ushio: I've been searching for you! Aren't you have an expedition today!?Ushio: Please hurry up and prepare!KTKM Abu: Ah! That's right! I'll go now, Ushio-chanUshio: KTKM-san!? Is this really the destroyer hater KTKM-san!?Destroyer? Annoying...Ushio: I... I...Carelessly go aheadUshio: T-The one I need is Abukuma-san!Abu KTKM: Ehh? I must go!?Abu KTKM: Expedition is tiring. I'll pass. I only fight on the front line!Ushio: W-What are you talking about, Abukuma-san!?Abu KTKM: Oocchi, let's run!Ouch!!
8Revived!?KTKM: That hurts! Out of my way, Abukuma!EEEEEEHHHH!?Abu: But you are the one who bumped into me!?Hm?Infinite loopKTKM: I'm back!!Ooi: KTKM-san, I'm glad!Abu: Hurray!Ushio: Eh?Abu: Good, let's go on an expedition!KTKM: Oocchi, let's go fight on the front line!Ouch!Ooi: What are you doing!?Back in the beginingENDSuper slow thread
Spider  Slime  Horse  Harpy  rest
1no Lala
Spider is the worst
1Spider  Slime  Horse  rest
not into blondesnot into tall womennot into centaurs at all actuallystill can't help but love Cereawhy
Animated Mia
6It's the ears and the boobs
6sex with a giant gaping marepussy, on a creature whose arms aren't long enough to wipe it's own assno thank you
1But I like all of them equally.
pt. level
6Cerea is probably the most balanced character next to Rachne.
We can probably all agree that mero is seriously underdeveloped/one note, and is going to recieve her own arc eventually, right
6Are you into noble, chivalrous women that are willing to lay down their lives for the man they love, and whose bravery is only matched by their chastity?Cerea has the best personality, but the worst body.
2joan d'arc with horsepussy
1Good taste.Racnhe is the purest and most perfect girl, she deserve to win the darlingbowl
0Did you miss her torture scene with lolita devil?
Princess is best.
0I want to have doggystyle sex with Rachnee.
2How disgusting5DoggystyleWith anyone other than PoltWan/10
9torturemore like punishment and the succubus enjoyed it.Meanwhile there are girls like Mia and her mother
5I want to have denial play with Rachnee until she snaps and rape me.
2We'd all be parlesing Francais if that were the case. Fucking English and filthy Burgundian traitors.
6It's her faces.
1Reminder Lala is best girl and best choice for Kurusu
2It's thematic and all, but how did lamias get good at drugs with so little taste sensitivity? Identifying poison is like the whole reason for that sense.
5"He's passed out after sex again.""Test Drug U on him.""He's dead now.""Ok. Next subject. Test Drug V on him.""He's hard as a rock!""Excellent! Note that formula down for future rapes."
2brofist
Harpy  rest
6eeh, it's that slight droop in her ears that makes it cuter
2lala hasn't actually shown any romantic attachment towards darling, right?
Can't into Cerea. That aft end is entirely horse and I'm not quite furry enough for that. I imagine it stinks around her.
2Passpi pls
4Half of the fanbase is concerned about the most stupid shit with their chinese comics.
9I think the guy that makes this is japanese
3The specific chinese city doesn't matter all that much.
3japaneseIf it uses moonrunes, it's chinese.
2I don't technically agree 100% but good taste none the less.
Harpy = Slime  Spider  Lamia  Cyclops  Oni  The others  Human Lady  shit  mermaid.
4I imagine she's enough of a girl to bathe a couple times a day. At least once after her morning runs, and maybe after dinner. Given her diet of energy-rich foods like carrots, she probably farts and craps much less than horses, whose diets consist of hard-to-digest grass. As for cleaning up after herself, even if we disregard horses' self-wiping anuses, as a being with hands, she's more than capable of bidet-ing herself with a hose. Try another issue.
9Fantastic taste anon.
3Characters have complained numerous times of it smelling like a barn in her room.
7Numerous times? The only one to date had been Rachnera's former host, and Miia sort of agreeing with that. Besides which it's never quite specified what makes them think of a barn. Could just be the straw mattingnote that Kurusu doesn't seem to have much tatami for a Jap.
0Its almost like he was kidding
All girls are good, even Mero and LalaBut I love Miia! Having dreams of living a happy married life with her regularly is one of the few reasons i haven't killed myself yet.
7Fresh flowers.
Since death is the final stage, Lala can only win. Once Darling is dead, theyre together forever
, 
, 
, 
Can we get a Read or Die thread going?Is the franchise dead? It's been almost ten years since the last dvd volume of R.O.D The TV was released in North America, not to mention the show itself is over a decade old at this point.Whatever happened to that new manga from 2012? Why has no one scanlated it?If R.O.D came back somehow what do you think the most likely scenario would be? I've been wanting to read the original light novels and considering light novels seem to be gaining steam in the US I would say it's not an impossibility they might finally be translated and released in the US, but the big problem is how forgotten the franchise is today.Thoughts?
It's dead.I loved the OVA but the TV series needed more Yomiko
I feel your pain OP but it's dead, after all this time it's certainly dead.But look, everyone has that one anime that they love but is also obscure and will never get more of, it's just the way it goes, be glad you have what you have.
9is it fun?
3Tons of it.It's got some of the best character moments I've seen in any anime, you will want to live in that apartment.
Can I watch it for her?
2Absolutely, she's one of the best lolis ever.
9Eh, where is the black haired girl with glasses? I thought she's the MC?I remember wanting to watch it 4-5 years ago but didn't have time for it..
Maggie2cute
4She's the MC of the ova. She's a side character who shows up later in the tv series.
4This is a big spoiler but she shows up halfway through the series.Trust me, the three new main characters are awesome as well and it's a great "shit just got real" moment when Yomiko teams up with them.
yfw
6it felt good man.
2"The Role'' that made me notice Chiwa Satou in a big way.
6I feel your pain OP but it's dead, after all this time it's certainly dead.But look, everyone has that one anime that they love but is also obscure and will never get more of, it's just the way it goes, be glad you have what you have.Demand for more!Wait, what happened to Studio Orphee? What are they doing nowadays
Why does every single anime I see, even the huge ones with giant ass budgets use the same door sound? Should we start a door sound fundraiser?
But when I hear the generic door noise, I always think that I just walked into a house in Vvardenfell.
5this
5Whatever you say bro.
same with the stomach growling soundand that sicada/bird chirping outdoorsy ambiance
what if it's not a stock sound and it just turns out that the foley guy in every recording outfit picked the same door handle?
does anyone have a link to stock anime sounds?like that sound that plays when a dark room is suddenly litor that sound that plays when a blade sparkles
complaining about door noisenot complaining about wilhelm scream
0wilhelm screamin anime
6I've noticed it in many 90's anime
I feel like kisses in anime often don't have sounds. Maybe I'm just crazy.
What about the thing that goes DOINK in peoples gardens? You know what I mean, the one with the water and bamboo, you hear a splooshing sound and then a sudden DOINK when it hits a rock. I swear that the DOINK is reused every single time.
5Same
Yknow what sound ruins my immersion? They use the HL2 RPG sound in SO MANY THINGS. I hear it EVERY FUCKING TIME. Same with various clangs and dings like weapons hitting eachother
9Are they really from Half Life?
0it was in a somewhat recent animemight have been maria the virgin witch, but I'm not sure
9Those are just generic sounds anyone can use. They use death screams of people and horses from AoE2 in documentaries all the time since they all come from the same source.
9Probably not originally, but I played so much HL2 when I was a kid that the gun sounds are burned into my brain
to 3:08
23:08 here.
0I think that sound effect also popped up in a recent episode of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
0As said in this thread, these sounds are used in a lot of anime nowdays.
6I know, just bringing up examples
Not just door noises, but Ghost Hound had some good foley work in general. I don't think any other TV animu I've seen has that much effort put into the sound design.
7Jin Roh?
7TV animu
7How about FLCL? The whole OVA fells like a streched out MV. All music and sounds synced perfectly. Also VA performance was great.
4How about Yahari S2? Feel did a good job making all the character grunts/slight moves hearable and uniqe. Also what they did with music. Ecpecialy its abundance in important scenes.
4Mushishi has a solid sound design as its major selling points.
This is the absolute worst:KRRRRRRRSSSSSK
9I played so much HL2 when I was a kidYou need to be 18 to post here.inb4 2001 was 50 years ago
0Wow. They actually took the same 4 seconds and just transplanted it.
62004 was 11 years ago, anyone who was older than 7 back then is now over 18.
4spoiler that shit anon
9Same with various clangs and dings like weaponsThat fucking PANG sound in UBW whenever swords clash. I've heard that so many times in Source games, it seems really ill fitted to swords clashing.4Oh christ.
I personally think that HL2 sound effects are pretty shit. I never liked sound effects of valve games, as they all seem so fake mechanically echo-y if that makes any sense.
4Fucking hell.
4Oh...
stock stomach growl sound
7Yozakura quartet had god tier sound designEverything just had impact it was great
pokeball sound
That leather-like stock fist clenching sound seriously drives me insane. First of all, fists do not make a sound when you clench them.
0They do, except it's a sound of knuckles crunching and not fucking leather.
9Anime in general, especially recently, seems to have real bad SFX departments. I don't know, maybe it's just the anime I watch, but they can never show any restraint with them. Everything that is shown on screen absolutely needs to have a sound effect, for some reason. No sword movement, or step or fucking anything can just happen without some kind loud WOOSH or SWISH.I watched that Strong World movie recently and the fucking stepping sounds were killing my ears, in addition to not making any sense at all. The main villain had swords for feet, so when he first came on, he's stepping on stone and it's all CLINK CLANK constantly. So okay, whatever, but then when he's stepping on wood and grass and shit, it's still the same CLINK CLANK sound. It seems so paradoxical. Like some poor bastard had to meticulously pay attention to every step the character makes and add a sound to it, but he never stopped and thought "wait does this even fit". I almost feel like I missed some kind of in-joke or tradition or something. And then a water splash literally used the Super Saiyan sfx fucking ToeiSorry if this is kind of a tangent but I've been thinking about it recently and wanted to get it off my chest.
5Knuckles crunching does not sound like that, at all.
5I mean IRL. Clenched fists don't sound like leather, they sound like knuckles.
6Oh OK, I thought you were saying your knuckles made anime noises.
4I wish.
The fucking counter strike grenade bounce sounds
9why are you posting this cancer image
4Probably to imply that "The fucking counter strike grenade bounce sounds" are cancer?
9Good sounds can really make a big difference in how enjoyable an anime is to watch.
4It's like the characters on Ore Monogatari playing with Wiis and DS when they were kids
Oh shit, if we're talking about stock sounds, I really love that sound that you hear in 80's shows. I don't know how to describe it but it usually sounds when someone is flying. I usually equate it with Lum flying though.While we're at it, I like the TTGL sound too. The one that plays at the beginning of Sorairo days, you know. I've heard it a couple other times.
Making a Kickstarter for some guy opening and closing various doors in his office or something and record the sound
My body is ready.
source material is written by a womanNo thanks.
3/r9k/ please.
7not cute girls being introduced to 420 culture
Its trying too hard for my tastes in gangster stuff.
9One can dream.
7100 bucks its fujoshit
9Everything in it screams about shit 5$ erotic novels for middle aged housewifes. And that love triangle between the whore the blondie and the mute one is the pinnacle of fujobait,
, 
ITT: oh so wrong but feels oh so right
9
4he wouldn't rape kiriko
i want to watch some anime in english? haven't watched anime in years... where is somewhere good to start?
6google
, 
, 
, 
, 
Why is incest so popular in anime?
3why do gay people exist?
3Because nips are degenerate fucks with no morals or ethics.
there's an incest thread up already
3Degeneracy?
Sometimes I forget normal people don't like incest.
3they don't, it's just people buttfucking each other ironically
Because anime is for people who've lost touch with reality and are desperate for human contact.
incest will always be popular everywherethink about it, the first humans probably fucked each other and their sons and daughters.
3Because it's pure
3Because traps exist.
3Is it?
3Something something forbidden love.
3Because otaku are social retards that can't tell the difference between familial love agape and romantic love.
3Because it's hot.
3Because I don't have a sister
1We can. I have family love with my mum mate, but I most definitely want pound my little sister.
1If wanting to fuck your sibling is just familial love that's okay with me.
Japan has social anxiety out the ass. Their men are too shy to introduce themselves to women, but they're already comfortable with family. Basically, there's a lot of incest stuff because it's a case of knowing the girl without the awkward introduction
6And you know this how?
The sister tends to be really fucking hot that you're willing to break the incest barrier.
3Why is incest so popular in anime?because its forbiddenand its forbidden to protect your ass from being raped by your parents since the day you are born
3For ugly shutins a sister is an easy target which requires no real effort to go out and meet
0I'd tomoko
Jap dudes are too afraid to talk to girls, so the only contact they have with them are family. Feelings get mixed up and so on.
1I cringe every time one of my family members appear in my mind when I have sexual thoughts or when one of my fantasy characters even slightly resemble them. That's also the reason why I can't fap to shotacon, since I have a little brother.Other than that, I can fap to almost everything.
I have 4 imoutos in real life and I'm into incest. I'm not into fucking any of my imoutos though.Well maybe the youngest one but even if the opportunity arose I would say no.
3The only female that a socially feeble otaku can expect to interact with, other than his mother, is his sister. For an affection-starved otaku who desperately wants contact but is incapable of mustering the effort to make it, the notion that the only woman in his orbit is a potential partner is a lazy fantasy.
6Their men are too shy to introduce themselves to womenWhy would you even want to introduce yourself to women? They can offer you nothing besides sex and will most likely keep talking shit behind your back, if you are lucky.
4Why would you even want to introduce yourself to women?They can offer you nothing besides sexAnswering your own post
2Either that, or Japanese dating life had become so unenergetic such that people have turned to their own siblings for romance.What a disgusting society.
4interesting, never thought about it this way, but it makes absolute sense
3It's popular everywhere and always has been.
44 imoutos
4Lazy fantasy of socially feeble otakuUnderrated post tbh.
8At least they have anime.I would literally kill myself if I was a Japanese salaryman without anime.
328You kidding, right?Incest is like the most searched thing on porn sites all around the world, it's not a Japan thing.
82thinking anime represents Japanese societyThey've got bigger problems, and incest has nothing to do with them.
3Taboo is popular are you 12 is that why you don't know this?
1I bet it's smelly indians who are doing the searching, then they comment on the videos as if they're actually talking to the woman. It may not be a Japanese thing, but I don't really think it's a western thing.
HURR DURR NOT BLOODY RELATIVES HERPDERPS
0watashit
1Chads and normal people only watch a few videos a week and don't make it to the top of the statistics.
I know a female colleague from work who has an unhealty obsession with her older brother.She gets embarrassed if he sees her without make-up and she gets all excited when they spend time together.She even has a photo of them as background on her phone with little hearts and shit..
93Keep telling yourself that, retard.One day siscons will rule the world.
2Is she hot at least?
2Hot
2How will they rule the world when they can't even step out their parent's basement?
4This is the pinnacle of talking out of your ass. Pic related was closer, and even then he doesn't quite grasp it because everyone who likes incest has different reasons. People aren't one-dimensional, you can't just give an algorithm-like explanation for what they do. Sorry.
3You mean our sister's room.We will control the world through skynet.
0They both won the genetic lottery.She is way above average and the fact she actually takes good care of her body only makes her hotter.I also met her brother and he is pretty good looking too.No homo.
9They want to keep their superior genes in the family clearly.
Where do all these normals keep coming from?
Leaving out the fact that it's almost impossible to develop genuine romantic feelings for someone you've grown up with since day 1, I don't really see a problem in liking your brother/sister a bit more than you should.Fucking them, on the other hand, is complete fucking degeneracy. Unless you fancy the idea of populating the Earth with non-functional human mutants.
1Yet another reason why 2D is superior. In hentai I know for a fact that they are "real" siblings. In 3D porn it's practically a guarantee that they aren't related at all unless they're twins, which is the best thing ever.
4wouldn't even fuck his sister if she askedAnon confirmed for homo fuckboi manslut.
3tfw successful professional and sisconYou'd be surprised how depraved some of us seemingly normal people are. I'd bang my imouto in a heartbeat given the chance. It's my apex fetish.
3Unless you fancy the idea of populating the Earth with non-functional human mutantsIt doesn't work like that, idiot. Children will be normal.
3not breeding constantly with your sister, killing the defects and boys and keeping the healthy girls for more breeding
3sex is for reproductionGet your catholic ass out of the 1600s.
3They're not blood related so it doesn't count, it's like you never watched anime.
3Leaving out the fact that it's almost impossible to develop genuine romantic feelings for someone you've grown up with since day 1Westermarck is bullshit and everyone knows that.Unless you fancy the idea of populating the Earth with non-functional human mutantsThat is bullshit as well, unless your genes are fucked up already, it isn't going to do any harm unless incest is practiced for several generations.6protestants
56 YouprotestantsI haven't seen such weak bait since my last visit to /pol/.
5Several generationsSo you just expect your kids to not fuck after knowing their parents are siblings? They will feel that behavior is acceptable.
Why are you people so mad if I want to fuck my non-existing ;_; onee-san?
3I have 2 one sans and I wouldnt fuck them, yet I find incest hot.
2Because you should be fucking your non-existent imouto.
1I mean I find incest in manga or anime not real life
who /yuzukindash/ here?
3It's the best cest
2Meh, imotous are for insecure men who want to impose themselves.
0Pretty much this. All these salty anons talking about how siscons are all basement-dwelling otaku have no truth to their posts. Me:siscongoes to college and works part-time on the sidehave never had an issue talking to 3DPDhave had a girlfriend has a sister IRLRIP your stereotypes.
Gee, I wonder why, OPYears of living together -- practically another variation of the childhood friends tropeeveryday contacteasy to slip in sexual innuendos It's a cheap and easy way to grab the attention of people who like "forbidden" love.
2Matters of the pillow are not nearly as important as you make them to be.
1And Nee-chans are for insecure men who don't want to do anything for themselves.
There's really not that many great incest anime or visual novels with a serious story in visual novels or anime. It's not an easy subject and most studios aren't good at it.
Fuck that imouto shit, my biggest fanstasy is screwing my hot older sister, everytime she calls me little brother I can feel my dick get harder. I cant explain why but I would get more pleasure screwing my sister than any woman on earth.
2It's not an easy subjectPeople take it too seriously. I enjoy how anime handles it like it's not a big deal, it's fun and hot. The idea that it should always be treated seriously with some super serious plot is lame as shit.
3Because holy shit, look at that puffy vulva. It would be a crime not to impregnate that.
3because everyone would love to fuck his loli sister?
3Because little sisters in Japan are the best in the world
0No we want to fuck our developed cow tit big sisters that we are taller than
3What is an easier way for interaction with a cute underage girl other than to have her live with the self-insert as a sister?rape
3Because if Mikan was my little sister, i'd be into it too.
8Fuck you bitch
8This is, by far, the most underrated post in this thread.
8/thread
7I like fun incest in anime, but if done well a serious story about it could be interesting.
3They're the best everywhere if the parents are just right.
2having morals or ethics
4being a degenerate
3Because of sisters like Mikan.
1Yea, but evidence shows that Japanese women favor foreigners over domestic males, because a large number of them are betas.
3So, looking at Mikan's picture. Where can I insert my dick?
3I wish incest were more popular in the western movie industry.
4The nice thing about being a degenerate is that you don't care about people calling you a degenerateFagtron
1Yea, low birth rates with a decreasing worker class unable to support the elderly via retirement and pension programs.
5Do IRL Jap women act like they're getting raped like in JAVs? This is important to my interests.
Izanagi and Izanami, etc
THE ASS WAS FAT
1Javs are overacted and unrealistic. Just like professional porn in America.
5Yo.
84 3d pigs
4only 4?6 imoutos masterace
3Unchecked human depravity.
8Jesus, are you from India or southern America?
8He's probably Catholic.
you will never have a qt sister to fuck
0Sorry but did you mean to say?If the sister tends to be really fucking hot then you're willing to break the incest barrier.
3Why is incest so popular in anime?Go watch some normal porn with real people, they do lot of "incest" too.
3Isn't it because Japan's Emperor's practiced it so now they think, "well the emperor did it, so I guess it's okay then", like they think getting together with cousins even 1st generation is okay
4Maybe the youngest oneSaying no even if she askedYou should definitely reconsider.
86? All younger than you. You could re-enact all possible routes of Imouto Paradise with that many.
0Well you have a point there, I mean, if my 15 year old sister looked like pic related I would be all over her no matter what, but real life isn't so good, same case with mothers, aunts, etc. If they were so hot I would bang them too.
3Personally, I find incest appealing because it represents a certain closeness that I never ever get. Why the fuck does nobody love me, damn it?1 I've tried to be everything under the sun for people and still nothing. WHY DIDN'T MY PARENTS EVER HUG ME?But hey, that's just me.
Anime fans are autistic and understand neither familial nor romantic love.Thus, it's possible to provide them with multiplicative double synergetic wish-fulfillment by combining them. Or is that just me?
0A moldy sandwich also starts to look good if you don't want to leave your house and are willing to ignore your gag reflexWhat's your point
8When do you think Soma will introduce a little sister character? Hopefully next arc? I think TOSH could draw a god-tier imouto
4Go to formal event/party with friendsCousin is same age and goes to school with me, she's there tooTalk to other girls and get attention just fine, ignore them because I'm not interestedTalking to cousin she's really nice and we get along and she asks why I don't ask out X or YExplain that I want a nice girl with some similar interests to me who I actually likeShe tells me how amazing I am and says that'd she'd love to date me if we weren't relatedGet drunk, at one point look up her skirt and all she says is "Hey now" and gives me a smirkConsider saying something, but realistically our families are too close and even if she agreed, it would be impossibleAttention from people you aren't interested in is worthless. Sometimes, you're closest with your family. That's just how things play out sometimes.
I came into this thread expecting Mikan pictures and got nothing. Shame on you /a/
3Leaving out the fact that it's almost impossible to develop genuine romantic feelings for someone you've grown up with since day 1Got a single fact to back that up, or are you just shitposting?
9
9Ask and ye shall receive.
3Because I like it. Also forbidden love makes things hotter.
3The Sweet Elixir of Forbidden Love
5It's a theory that's not 100% proven, but it isn't something that came out of nowhere
3They aspire to be rednecks, Billy Ray fucked his sister and so shall we!
0It's a theory that's not 100% provenYou mean a theory that doesn't have a single real study that has proper negative controls to back it up, or any real statistical power? It's completely worthless.
3Otaku have never had a girlfriend. But most of them have had a sister.It's easier to set up a self-insert this way.
8Correct me if I'm wrong but most nips are only children.
Jesus Christ, this is why I don't come to 4chan as much anymore.
Thought's on this, /a/?
6If you believe this is real I have a bridge to sell you.
9Found this on /r9k/, fags were saying this actually happened
3
My sister wore a bikini and went to the lake today. Her body is amazing, but if I find out there is a dirty boy hitting on her I will rip him to pieces.
5Stop being a pussy and rape your sister.
1I have 5 good nip friends and none of them are only children. They all have little brothers and sisters.
6I don't know whether to gross out or feel aroused
6I hate how normals type.
8Time to go to a therapist bud. Nothing to be ashamed of.
6Same. Remember to berate any and all uses of "lol" and emotes on /a/.
3Have you heard of birth control? It works wonders.
1..126108786 YouWhat were you even trying to accomplish here?
3
1How is sexualizing a 12 year old girl that seems to be part of the harem of his own brother accepted in a mainstream manga? I get there's loli porn and whatnot that's worse, but that happens in comics only freaks buy in shady stores in Akihabara.and then the degenerates in 4chan fap to onlineThis on the other hand is a well known publication for adolescents.
6It's pure love
33Because... the forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.Incest, penises, horse pussy? Whats the difference if it appeases my hormones.
2But immorality is impure by definition. Therefore incest cannot be pure.Checkmate, atheists.
0it's been 6 months already.. so anon was watching my pain...I don't talk to her anymore, nor my parents.I went to live on the campus.i've been rejecting girls until now, there is a pretty girl who's always with me, I think I finally don't care anymore about my bitching sister, or my useless "family".
6You should have raped her. And you call yourself her brother.
9hit too close anon?
6implying sexualization is a bad thing
quick anonymous scanlation of the latest chapter is out. Um, boy.
I want to know what the fuck is going to happen now.
Didn't read the last chapter yet but the previous two are kinda crossing the line for me, I enjoyed everything other than Hato about Nidaime but if suddenly Madarame turns gay for real I'll just drop it then and there.
I know why I didn't and that's because IT'S THE BEST. THE BEST. My precious seinen series for actual adults, written by an author who is fucking fantastic at crafting characters and relationships and isn't afraid to take risks. WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
Kujibiki Unbalance, part 1That's how you know shit's going down
Genshiken is the exact opposite to NHK.I remember when Genshiken started it was about nerds and losers. But now it's just full of normies enjoying their social lives and I fucking hate that shit
0suddenlyDid you even pay attention to the manga? He was always attracted to Hato. And no, just because Hato was wearing a skirt doesn't make it not gay. Madarame always knew that Hato has a dick.
Pretty sure Ieyasu's divine favor doesn't fall on making glorified swinger groups.Why are Yajima and Yoshitake so based?I have to say I like the Yoshitake-Madarame, Yajima-Kuchiki, and Hato-Keiko pairups.
So Yajima, Yoshitake, and Yajima's parents were expecting Hato to sleep with the girls while dressed as a guy? But my animus told me a boy and a girl sharing a bedroom is degeneracy.
Nidaime was a mistake.
So fucking glad I dropped this shit ages ago. Has there ever been a sequel this fucking bad before?
, 
, 
Truly best mom, that wouldn't mind to "share" you with her own daughter.
She is also incredibly sexy.
9Daily reminder
Kangoku Gakuen Chapter 178/ Prison School Chapter 178 from Weekly Young Magazine 2015-27IMO The character designer did alright, heres chapter 178
6
7
3
6
0
6
5
1
0
3
4
4
5
5
6
9
1
6
4
2
4We still don't know why he is so terrified by her face.
2If that's how it ends, then I'll rage. No couple I ever like ever gets together.
6The festival is not finished yet. As much as I'd like it to end like this,it won't. Something is bound to happen.
6
6What don't I like? I love how all my expectations have been subverted. I could never have guessed we'd get a pretty explicit And hot as fuck Lex scene, yet here we are. I'm just kind of worried that this ends Hana's arc and we'll head right back to Chiyo and she'll be the winner at the end.
Kana Hana gets the Hana role
Is this some loser femdom trash?
1Read the Manga. It's worth it.
5Damn, look at Kiyoshi's face there. He's a broken man with nothing to lose.6I like to think that Kiyoshi mentioning Chiyo was the spring that made Hana finally turn back. It's cute if she's jealous.4I'm not really sure he's terrified, I think he's more shocked, probably because he didn't expect to see the reaction she had on her face at all, or something like that. Maybe she was weeping like a baby. We'll see this friday, I can't fucking wait.1No, since it's clearly not for you.
1yes. fuck off to your berserk threads
When does the anime start?
3JULY. But it's JC Staff so expect delays.
3Am I allowed to be worried that the Anime may well impact negatively on PS discussions here? I've all but left Fate threads thanks to UBW, and I really don't want to see the same happen to PS when the Anime airs.
2Anime-only fags will kill every discussion on /a/.
she was walking away because she thought her feelings were unrequitedKiyoshi speaks upI hope this leads to Chiyo also being more straightforward
2see1multiply it by 200 unique IPs, then it will be the future of PS threads
2The irony. Go back to your fateshit threads, please.
8getting butthurt over thatIt was a simple question, but if it's going to that easy to piss you fags off, then I'll gladly shit up threads. You ask for it by being such sensitive little girls.
8shitpostingYou must be 18 to post on this site.
8You fags.Implying you are not one, too.
8We are all fags here.
Scanlation fucking when?
Is this the best PS chapter?
0 In few more hours, I expect.
2There is still good in this world.
9This man's work is so amazing and those Korean scans always do his work wrong. Even though I appreciate their early release. Like look at this page, that is definitely a tear. Last page it was so crazy it was hard to see.
8The best. It's definitely the climax of their subplot.
Translate it, weeb
3mangatopia already killed the translators on /a/
9It was more like Utopia wasn't doing what they promised so a/ got on it and then Utopia got back up to speed.
3I just wish Hox, Ultimate-king, that WCW guy, those Tsugumomo group or Tarage was into this manga.
6that andre's dick faceit always gets me
, 
, 
, 
So what do you guys think will be the plot in the new series?No doubt it has to do with the new universes, but how will they be utilized/incorporated
4Probably meeting the other gods of destruction, learning about the other 12 dimensions. I hope it's about adventure again but done right this time. What have learned is that there are limits even Super powered person can take, like getting shot by a laser off guard can get you killed. I am actually glad that can happen, means they aren't as invincible as we thought and there are other means of becoming powerful besides training.
Implying it won't be GX 2.0 where Goku fights the Shenrons again
7GXDragon Ball characters playing card games. Make it happen.
Hopefully Piccolo finally gets that fucking power up we have all wanted and is finally a viable fighter beside the Saiyans. Also it would be cool if Tien, Krillin, and Yamcha become relevant again by whatever asspull means.
Its gonna be a gag series. Goku, and Vegeta will almost never fight cause threats are mostly low tier.Young Trunks will take a major spotlight.
40If they explore other universes, I wonder if they'd be different universes with different heroes or like alternate versions of the same base timeline with different versions of the same heroes.
7the fuck's a "GX"? you mean "GT" nigga?
7Toriyama hinted at thing like Ten and Krillin getting odd jobs from Yamucha to make money happening. This gives me hope it will be more light hearted.
5Toriyama confirmed Krillin's a police officer I think
4I was under the impression that it would take place after the Buu saga and before BoG
0It starts before he becomes a cop. Yamucha probably gets him that job in an episode. Thats how Toriyama decide to keep Yamucha relevant, he has connections in society.
how has someone not uploaded this yet?
1They're waiting for the dub version. It's one of the few show where the dub is superior than the original version
4I have it on fairly good authority that there will be a bad guy who has the power to destroy worlds, but will limit him or herself so every person he or she fights is almost as strong for most of the fight until the last episode of the fight scene, when Krillin will be killed.Goku will either a die and go on a training trip or b just go on a training trip, while at the same time training whatever kid or grandkid he now has in tow to be the greatest fighter.Vegeta will get his ass kicked.There will be a new stage of saiajin power up.Goku will probably make friends with at least enemy through the series. This enemy may or may not give his or her life to save Goku.
4Hopefully exploring other universes, would like to see what happened to future Trunks timeline if they consider that another universe and not a alternative timeline. That also means Cells original timeline would be considered a universe and would be pretty boring.7The Shenron fights were one of the few decent things about GT.
0Man, I wish something like this will happen.I also hope that final boss will be a not!Monkey King.
Most likely it will be an incredibly stupid worthless waste of time like evrything related to the franchise outside of the original two tv series, the manga, and the budokai games.
which is the more endearing character?
trying to pit 3 great canvases against each other Come on OP.[Spoiler] It's Yuuko
7Out of the two of them I'd say the one on the left has the edge.
Yuuko, if only because of her crippling depression.
7Akari.
7The quality of posts is extremely important to this community. Contributors are encouraged to provide high-quality images and informative comments.all that wasted spaceYes anon, that means you don't leave half the image empty.Lern2crop
she is aware of how she is broken but tries her best anyhow
You mean after Yasuna Oribe?Who cares.
One of them is a miracle of the universe, the other is borderline retarded.Also you seem to have fucked up cropping your image, a full third of it is blank.
8I wouldn't go as far to say that Yuuko is a miracle but meh, it will do.
7Two are great however one is perfect.
wide
8literally who
8She is very cute but endearing? More like irritating.
7Between the two ?Yuuko.
71. Yunocchi2. Akarin 3. YuukoThey are all very endearing characters, though.
Yasuna
Lets discuss lesser known Manga that we like.Please don't post about stuff with an anime adaption or any ongoing manga with a large following on /a/.What are your favourite manga that don't get a whole lot of discussion on /a/? I really love anything by the Nishioka siblings and recently have also enjoyed Sadness of The Heart and various short stories by Yoshiharu Tsuge
5Not really favorite, but I like two manga which never seem to get much discussion here: O/A and Girigiri Out.
I read this for additional armor reference and sexy butts.
5That manga made me feel sick for days
6Yeah its pretty dark, they're other manga are a lot happier.
God's Child was pretty awful in my opinion. Journey to the End of the World is easily one of my favourite manga though. Elemhunter said they'd be doing some Nishioka Kyoudai soon. Someone please do Munou no Hito from Tsuge. Also Trash Market by his brother seems awfully interesting. I'm tempted to just buy it considering people rarely go out and scan this stuff. At least not for a long while. Red Snow by Katsumata for instance. Favourite manga that hardly get mentioned these days? Shoujo Nemu or Coo's World. 0/a/ is where I found O/A at least. Their more recent manga was pretty terrible.
nonot again, don't remind me that exists, why did I read all that
5That Mechanical manga thing?
7Loli-terminators that got axed. I didn't even find it funny as a parody at all.
Has anyone ever read this? I love Furuya Usamaru and obviously the artwork was great but storywise this was so so bad.
0Apparently that thing has an O/A crossover. How did that go?
9Lots have. I got spoiled about the end in a OPT in fact and it used to make all the rounds. Furuya isn't even close to unheard of. If people would ever check the /a/ wiki they'd see Palepoli right up the top. Fucking masterpiece. so so badYour opinion entirely.7I have no idea. Dropped it before it even finished.
4I agree that Palepoli is a masterpiece, it's what made me love Furuya. He is an incredible artist and pretty good at writing gags so Palepoli is excellent but I'm not sure about him as a writer, the tweests in Music of Marie were so superficial and pointless to me.
7Reading semi-spoiled, it really wasn't a tweest at all. I wasn't spoiled entirely, but there's a lot to notice throughout which was actually really impressive on his part. Honestly, Music of Marie is probably the work I think he does best as an actual writer and everything else doesn't really compare. He doesn't do a lot of longer stuff though.
0Girigiri OutIs that actually any good? I heard once that nothing but Kuro was actually interesting by that guy.
Who /yoshihiro/ here?
7It's pretty cute, go give it a try. Only problem is that only the first two chapters are translated.
Is Jiro Matsumoto any good? I tried reading Wendy but it was not to my taste at all.
3I don't think I really enjoyed Wendy all that much. Freesia is definitely more newcomer speed, but definitely not my favourite by him. Becchin to Mandara or Revolutionist in the Afternoon are probably my favourites. Some of his works in general are more nutso and well all of them features sex in some way or another. It's pretty trademark.
0I should reread some of his works. It's been a while. It's also been a while since anyone has dumped any of his work as well.
recommendation thread: hipster edition
People only ever seem to talk about Ping Pong or Takemitsu by Taiyou Matsumoto. Hanaotoko is actually one of my most memorable. People should post more Daisuke Igarashi as well. Little Forest was supposedly getting a live-action, but I wish he actually had some anime for some of his more fantastical works. They'd be damn perfect.
3muh moeshit
4This looks fookin interestin.
0Hanaotoko is what I WISHED Yuasa adapted instead of Ping Pong, which was alright though I still preferred the manga. I think Yuasa could have had more fun with it, and the more light-hearted and goofy elements would be a good fit for Yuasa, who's done a lot of that for all his works, serious or not.
3I actually really liked Wendy. Fun take on the Peter Pan story. Uncivilized Planet is still by far his best work for me. If you don't like that story, you probably will never like him.
1I don't know either. Ping Pong was pretty solid in my opinion. Hanaotoko did have a lot more room to play with and where Matsumoto actually did use interesting devices, they actually paid off. But those were pretty rare in general.
Kutsuzure Sensen. Comedy Magical Girl manga set during WW2. It has some really funny moments.
I think Garden is the best non-Palepoli Furuya work, pretty much every story in it is great
7pointlessA twist isn't pointless if it substantially affects the theme or message of the story. You're fine to dislike it, but you should choose your words better.
2For all the huff and puff I think I actually forgot to finally read that when it got scanlated.
4mangareader/out/
Domestic na Kanojo.It's from the author of Good Ending, so you'd think /a/ would have threads about it, but I barely see any. It's just as trashy as GE but more compelling thanks to the tighter relationship circles, rather than most characters involved just being friends who meet for whatever reason.
8Never liked Kami no Kodomo, as I couldn't really quite see the appeal behind it. Journey to the End of the World was hilarious though, as an absurdist story.
1it really was pointlessa good twist that actually changed the way i viewed the story was the revelation that this wasn't the first time someone had been offered the choice to free the humans from marie but everyone who was offered the choice let them staythe fact that it was all in her head!!! OR WAS IT does nothing to change the story and is just a surface level tweest put in for no deeper reason than to make people go 'woah what a twist!' and then reread the manga to see if the twist actually works. The tweest is made especially pointless by the revelation that  he was probably somewhat real anyway since he actually COULD find minerals
0ittle Forest was supposedly getting a live-action, but I wish he actually had some anime for some of his more fantastical works. They'd be damn perfect.No, they'd be shit. Which director would you trust to create an anime adaptation on par with Igarashi's original works? Who is not only good enough, but ideologically aligned to Igarashi's sensibilities?
7Oh, I thought you were referring to the former, not the latter, twist.
8If he'd get a movie budget, I don't think it'd matter all that much. Honestly, it'd be amusing to have ever seen a Miyazaki produced Igarashi.
I don't know if it's hipster enough for this thread, but I like Mahou Shoujo Site a lot.
2fair enough i should have been a bit more clear
A bit more mainstream than most of this stuff but who's reading Dead Dead Demon?
1If he'd get a movie budget, I don't think it'd matter all that much.Well, that's dumb. All the money in the world won't help if you don't have the right people making the calls.
What do you guys consider to be 'alternative manga'? Is it indie stuff? Like anything that's being self published or by much smaller and less mainstream companies? Does it have to drawn a different way?
8Please don't post about stuff with an anime adaption or any ongoing manga with a large following on /a/basically any manga that you wouldnt be able to just make a thread about without the thread dying
8On /a/, it means anything that doesn't get discussed on a semi-regular basis.
8Is this considered alternative?
6something from SSalternative
6There's a really funny bit where Kadode is playing a video game and using voice chat with an American. He's yelling and being really harsh, but the moment she says something into her microphone he changes completely and decides to sing Silent Night to her, since it's Christmas. It's a perfect little moment that's probably funny to anyone, but especially if you're a girl gamer who's had things like that happen many times.
4For me this is the funniest bit, I like how Asano is in touch with internet culture and doesn't use it in the cringeworthy way many other writers do.
Nagai really loves his Divine Comedy.
4It's not because she's a girl, it's because he realizes she's japanese and that means she is living in a warzone so he feels sorry for her
Good Slaine, you look kind of cool!
he does
You're waifu is cute, anon!Does she prefer to micromanage situations, or is she the kind of girl to let things run their course without much interference?
2I love my Yunocchi!Hard to say, she pays more attention to things she cares about, but something like that is definitely not a defining trait of my wife. But if it's her own art, she cares more about that than anything else. Such a dedicated and diligent girl!
2Shinobu's definitely a micromanager; she doesn't just sit around and wait for things to happen. That gets her into trouble but, hell, it all works out.How good is she at fixing things at work or around the house? A handywoman or would she have to depend on someone else?
7How can you say you love her if you won't even post her with fish eyes, anon?
8That's rude anon, she can have whatever eyes she wants
2Thank you, OP!Well, it depends on situation, I guess. She always care a lot about things that are important for her so I think she might be a micromanager in some way.7I don't think she would be especially handy. However she would always have me to help her.
2Thanks OP.It's rare to see Kagura get stressed out, or to see her willing to take charge, so she's not much of a micromanager. She'd much rather take things easy, or let one of her friends lead the way.7She'd give DIY a go, definitely. Whether or not she'd be a successful handywoman is another question.
I love Ai so much. Sometimes I really am surprised such a wonderful girl exists.2Thanks. Ai is the kind of girl who takes charge of a lot of situations she's in.7Well it depends on what the job is. A lot of things she might just try and do herself, but if she can't then she'd ask for my help.Does you're waifu have any long term plans or goals, or does she prefer to do things one day at a time?
2She'd let things run there course until she felt it would be most advantageous to step in. She knows how to play the situation in her favor.7Would depend on what she's trying to fix. For most things I assume she'd just buy a new one. She has the dexterity for fixing things but not the know-how.4She has a few but takes things one step at a time at her own pace.Is your waifu in any school clubs? If she doesn't attend any sort of school, do you think she would be interested in any club in particular? Would she start her own if none caught her interest and what would it be if she did?
4She wants to care for Janie and Febri and show them how great the world can be. Apart from that, she probably wants to continue her scientific career.2Her school life isn't dealt with at all. It is possible she could go for nerdy science clubs, but as someone working at a beyond postgraduate level at age 17 that shit would be too weaksauce for her.She would probably start a cosplay club for the dress-up.
2She's more of one to just let things go with the flow. If she ever micromanages anything, how so would be very subtle.7Not sure, she's never seen really doing any DIY stuff but she seems to be the type that could handle small to medium projects.4The only long term goal she ever had was winning my love, other than that she takes things as they come.2She was/is in the archery club at Kawakami Academy. She used to be more of a ghost member but she's really stepped up to act like more of a club member recently.
7She'd depend on me for the more technical tasks, but my Yunocchi wouldn't shy away from trying to fix something easy herself. As long as she feels confident enough, she'd try to do it on her own!While she isn't the most handy girl in the world, my Yuno is rather capable.2It'd be kind of pointless for her to join an art club, since her entire school is dedicated to that. Besides, she'd rather practice at home, or spend time with her friends, anyway.4Both, depending on what exactly does my wife have in mind.
4She'd like to take her swimming to a national level, failing that she's considered becoming a PE teacher.I do wonder who would win in a swimming race between the two of them.I'd rather they be on a team though, to be honest.2She's one of the best swimmers in her swim club. If you're waifu were at a gym, what equipment would she most likely use? Would she even lift?
2Mai doesn't really try to micromanage things. She's fairly easygoing.7She's good at housework and cooking, but we never really see her trying to fix things. I imagine that she'd be good at it if she learned how to fix things.4Mai wishes to earn the acceptance and respect of her cold and distant father. As a result, her stated goal is to become a person that she can be proud of. 2Mai doesn't belong to a school club, but she does belong to a circle of 6 friends that she spends time with. Though they did jokingly name themselves "The Pretty Girl Detective Team Remix Heart". She'd be good if she joined a fencing club.7I think that she's lift. She'd probably try to go for a balanced exercise regiment.
How do I deal with having a lesbian waifu /a/?
7tuck it in.
7Should be fine since /a/ is all little girls
All waifus are greatbut mine is probably a little better
4I don't know if she has any long term goals, but if she does have them, she would care and plan a lot.2She would go to some music-related club, I guess. I don't think she would start her own club, unless she had some friends who would like to do it with her.
4That's the thing, she only likes older women.
7It's okay anon, my waifu only likes half-elven girls.
2Thank you! Yours too!As for the question, I think she does think a lot about those things but tries to say that she doesn't. 7Probably not that great. Her childhood growing up in an orphanage alone means she doesn't have a lot of experience with that.4She doesn't really have any long term goals. She spent most of her life simply trying to make it to the next day, and so she never put thought into long term stuff.2She joins her school's newspaper club, which is surprising given her anxiety problems.
2literally the sluttiest shipgirl as you're waifuShe's really cute but I wouldn't risk being in a relationship with her.
Does your waifu ever wear an animal-themed costume? If so, what is the reason for it and how did she react to it?Mai didn't ever do it within her series, but she was shown in a squirrel-themed costume along with the rest of the cast in a web radio episode because the next guest to appear was a squirrel girl.
2Thanks.She likes taking it easy.7She's not that great at it and would probably need some help.4Not really anything long term.2She'd probably just join whatever group her friends are in.7I don't think she'd really need to go to a gym.
8picking
2Definite micromanager.2No clubs. Probably no time because of work anyway.9Bunny suit and then cat ears/tail, but just for promo art. Not a surprise she treats them the same as if she was wearing lingerie or a swimsuit.
2Dunno much about clubs, maybe a technical one.
2She likes to handle things by herself, but sometimes she doesn't interfere too much.7If she can do it, she will do it. However, sometimes she asks me for some help, and I ask for her help too.4She has goals, of coursem but at her own pace.2She's a member of the comittee in Kouyouen.9Pic related, in her frog costume. She doesn't really cares about that stuff, but I want to see her face blushing.Where would you take your waifu in New Year's Eve?
I want to kiss my waifu on the nose.
6I want to kiss my waifu on the lips!
6I want to kiss my waifu! I want to kiss her feet!
7My Yunocchi wouldn't really go to a gym, she'd rather do some light cardio outside.And she did do that that quite often with her friends outside of their aparment!9Not canonically, no.But it would be extraordinarily cute!6I want to kiss my Yunocchi everywhere!
6I want to kiss my waifu on the everywhere!
6I want to kiss my waifu
6I want to kiss my waifu on the collarbone!7everywhereL-lewd
7Actually she goes for runs every morning, so I don't think she'd be the type to lift.9Yes. This penguin costume and also a cat costume. Both times were because her friends were doing some kind of play or something.6I want to kiss my waifu's nape. Oh and midriff too
7There is no way she lifts. Probably runs. She's weirdly strong despite being stick thin which is something I find really off about her treatment in the anime. In the manga she at least defeated thugs without physical violence.9No, never. It wouldn't really fit her style unless I forced her to do it to bully her.7Not one of those crazy parties for sure.I would like to take her to an exclusive restaurant and enjoy each others' company.6I want to kiss her lovingly every morning as well as teasingly all the time to make her blush.
2To answer my own question, she is. The Occult Research club which researches the supernatural and paranormal. The club itself is pretty much a front for Rias and her peerage's devil activities.7Of course she can lift! Her superhuman strength isn't just for show. Not sure what she would work out first though. Maybe legs to put distance between herself and her enemies so she can safely use her power?9Canonically, nope. In promotional material or the mobage cards she's worn a few costumes like that.
73d
73D waifuflatKill yourself, you fucking retard.
27Is it summer already?
7Somewhere quiet, maybe with a few close friends and family where we can watch the fireworks together.9Nope.
7Is she your ban-evading twin imouto?
2I masturbate 4 times a day to your waifu.
Quick, how does one define "cheating on your waifu"
6Trying to have a second waifu or actually fucks a girl.
6When what you have done feels wrong and disrespectful in hindsight. This requires that you take her seriously.
9So every time I read a doujin of some random series I'm cheating on her?
I want to whip out my penis in front of my waifu's face.I want her to be awestruck and submissive at the sight of it.
What's your waifu's favourite flavour of ice cream?What is one food from your country you want to let her try?
0That's not what I said. I don't know how you can interpret it that way.
1Reading doujins makes me feel like I did something wrong and disrespectful towards her
5Then maybe you shouldn't.
5Blow your brains out.
2Thank you!She doesn't just sit around and let things happen, she'll prepare a course of action for multiple situations.7When it comes to that area of expertise she has no shame asking another for help.4She just goes by a day at a time.No long term plan or goal.2She didn't attend school for a very long time, however if she did have the chance to create her own club it'd be something ridiculous like "Cute stuff club"7All of them!She lifts! She might look petite and fragile but she is very very strong!9The closest Rukia came to wearing and animal themed costume was when her soul was literally forced inside a Rabbit/Devil plushie.She was surprised and concerned as she had lost most of her fighting ability in such a state.7We'd watch the fireworks from afar on atop a roof of a large building.6I'd have to say strawberry.One food? Say, nothing around here is particularly great.Though I do like Subway.
2Thank you OP.She's not really the type to sit around and watch when things happen.4I'm sure it's to stay an Enforcer. It's what she wanted to do, and she's really good at it.2When she was, I don't think she had time for clubs.7She does do magic training and other exercise.I'm sure she can still lift though.9Not in the series, but there's some art.
2She has to have control over most situations, being flagship tends to do that to a girl.4I'd say her goal would solely be to follow orders to the last breath and to fight it out to the end.7To the waterfront of course. There's a nice restaurant right on the harbour which would be nice6I want to kiss my waifu on the forehead
2You're waifuYou'reEverytime.Anyway, Rin's neither carefree nor is she a micromanager. If anything, she's the kind of person that wings things in life, unless persuaded otherwise, or there's an out-of-hand situation that needs to be controlled. As in, while you and all of your friends are ruined at a party by one incredibly nefarious drunkard, Rin will just be pragmatic and survive until the end and outsmart the final boss into self-defeat.7She works at home, as her family flower shop is literally at home. Or perhaps her home is literally at the flower shop? Perspective! She can keep everything under control; she don't need no help. Although I would make a good wife to her, so perhaps that'll just lessen the burden...4She used to have no long term plans. Now that she has something in her life as an idol, it's pretty much a day-to-day thing until the ride ends.7She can lift with me, but as a dog walker, she better not skip on the legs with me. I'll probably catch her on the treadmill or bikes.9Not really a costume, but she wore cat ears during CG's 2nd year anniversary. She still seemed pretty happy even while having to wear them. I mean, doesn't matter what kind of animal a girl likes; cat girls just happen regardless.Some of us, in the context of day-to-day living, have waifus we could benefit from because we'd otherwise be a dysfunctional mess if left to your own accord. Do you have a waifu that's like that, that could help keep your life in check? Or alternatively, are YOU the wife to your waifu, able to do or help out with things whether she's functional or dysfunctional herself?I think I would make a good wife to my waifu because on top of all the atypical "guy chores", I can also clean around the house, do laundry, and even cook but nothing too extravagant!. Since I already know Rin can manage an environmental setting and cook, I think we'd both be quite functional in life together.
7a good wife to my waifu
9Yes, even there! And there too. Especially there.7To a traditional shrine visit, that's something both of us would love.Nice, quiet, peaceful, and there are lots of opportunities for us to be alone during the quiet night.7Not really, my Yunocchi and I are both rather independent. None of us really needs any help from the other with elementary stuff like that.We'd probably be doing housework together though, just to make it more fun.
9No, she hasn't.7Somewhere quiet and peaceful.7Ever since her accident, Hanako's had to deal with her own problems with self esteem and anxiety. I just want to be the person who makes her believe not just that I love her, but that she deserves it, because she's worth it. A healthy relationship would help me too, of course.
4If your waifu is more alpha than you, you'll always be the wife.
9I don't recall any costume of her that reassemble some kind of animal. But there is some fanarts like this.7Restaurant and then go to some place where we can watch fireworks with no one around.And then we could celebrate a little at our home, I guess.6I want to kiss her everywhere. EVERYWHERE6Doing any romantic or sexual activity with real girl.Treating any girl as waifu, ie. fantasizing about her being your girlfriend, self-insering while fapping to her etcHowever that's just how I see it.6Strawberry, I think.I dunno, I don't recall any Polish sweets.7We both need support and company of each other to properly function and enjoy our life.
3We both need support and company of each other to properly function and enjoy our lifeThat doesn't sound very healthy to me.
4Husbando status is already implied, and you can't say "waifu to my waifu" if applicable because, well...it doesn't make sense like an oxymoron would, nevermind the redundancy issues.
6Do you mean housewife?
7Actually, yes, that was actually what I was trying to talk about in my question, but that word completely escaped me.
7What could possibly be unhealthy about someone making their idea of Miku into a submissive and shy girl who isn't an idol and can't handle life without him?
7I'm no dysfunctional mess, just lazy and unmotivated.She is somewhat of a life coach for me, whipping my ass into shape whenever I need to get shit done.
6Something sweet like chocolate or strawberry.There's not really anything here i think she'd like a lot.7Nope.
7It can't be helped, I guess.She already is my whole world. I think about her all the time, talk to her about everything I worry about, imagine her cheering me up everytime I'm down. I could not possibly be happy anymore if I didn't had her on my side.And I imagine myself doing the same things to her. I think that because of her overall naivety and shyness, she would need my support. However I think she might be fine with just friends and family supporting her, so saying that we both require each other might not be correct.
6It's not explicitly stated, but the ice cream Mai is eating in this image looks black, so it could be chocolate.7Mai isn't the type of person that cares for large parties. A smaller circle of friends and relatives would be more to her liking I think.7Mai is very levelheaded and she really has it together as one of her friends put it. Also she's an excellent cook and likes doing housework. I think she's quite functional and does in fact help her two roommates by doing this sort of work for them. Of course she wants to do more in life than be a housewife so I don't think that she ought to be left to do all these things by herself.2Mai waifu can be shy but is pretty alpha.
2I think it really depends on the situation. Usually, she likes to always be in control in how things are going in her life and what's going to happen next.7I can't say she's particularly handy. She'd probably be able to fix things if she needed to, but the question is more "would she want to."2She's in the track club at her school.7The only thing she lifts is my spirits.She'd do lots of cardio stuff! I could also see her going and doing some laps in the pool.9Not canonically, no. She wears cat ears in two of her figures, and on an official daki.In an anime-only conversation, Kuroneko says that she's making cat ears for Kirino because she wanted them, but they're never shown.7New years in Shibuya would be really fun, although I've seen that it gets crazy crowded there.6I want to kiss my waifu on her cute tummy and soft thighs!7I think I'd be the one taking on the housewife role, mainly doing work around the house, and doing the cooking and whatnot.It'd be really fun to work together while cooking or doing our laundry!
Is your waifu willing to fight or is she the type that would avoid conflict at all costs? If she were to fight, what would be her motive for doing so?Mai dislikes violence and harming others, but is willing to do battle if it is to defend herself or the people she cares for.
9Only in fanarts6I'm not too sure about ice cream, chocolate probably to sate her sweet tooth.National foods? I'd probably go with a donair, not just from my home country but my home city. Only a lot more messy than a German sausage and savoury in the same way7I feel that my waifu and I can both handle ourselves but that doesn't mean we can't compliment each other's lifestyles.
2Words over fists.
2She's not particularly violent or aggressive and she doesn't get any thrill from fighting, but she is a warrior with a warrior's pride and she can and will fight and has been trained to do as such.
2Thanks! Crona usually just lets things happen as they will. He's willing fight to change a less than desirable situation given the right reasons, though.7I think I'd end up doing most of the handy stuff around the house. Which is fine, he hasn't had many opportunities to develop or practice such skills in his life.4It's debatable. I think he's more focused on adjusting to a 'normal' life than anything, and understandably so. And you better believe I'm going to do everything I can to help him adjust.2No, but I can see him joining a poetry club if the Academy has one and his shyness doesn't get in the way.7Maybe a stair stepper or something? Being a swordsman and -the- Demon Swordsman, at that, he gets plenty of exercise just going about his life.9Nope. Plenty of fanart puts him in costumes though. Bunny costumes especially. I don't know if they do it for the cute factor, or out of some fascination with sardonic irony. Ho-hum.7We'd just stay home, cuddle on the couch, and watch the tv special. No need to go to any celebrations; it's incredibly cold around New Years here, and neither myself nor my husbando are fond of crowds. 6I want to boop my husbando on the nose.6Vanilla? Or perhaps black cherry. I suppose that fits him.LUTEFISK, YA KNO' But in seriousness, I dunno. I doubt he's had the chance to try most kinds of food in general, so there's a lot of options. The Asian restaurants here might be a good place to start. 7One could say I'm both the breadwinner and housewaifu of the relationship. I enjoy doing most chores but that doesn't mean he can't help, and of course, being supportive of him however I can.
7She's just the one who completes me. No mess, no nonsense.2Force if necessary, which it usually boils down to, but never lethal force due to either protocol or morals.
2As I said above, he's willing to fight for the right cause - protecting his friend Maka in a moment of need, and eventually, going on a lengthy and dangerous journey to bring back Professor Stein and finally put a stop to his mother's terror. He has a lot of courage and willpower deep down; it's a big part of why I respect and love him as much as I do.On that note, does your waifu have any facets of her personality she rarely shows or that people rarely give her due credit for having?
6I have no idea. Maybe strawberry or something.I don't know many swedish dishes/foods.I could say swedish meatballs as in a joke.7Well, maybe. I think I'm beyond really "saving", but I think she could help me somewhat.I can do all kinds of chores, I even love them. I would cook and stuff all the time if there was reason for it.2She doesn't want to, but if forced to, or needed, she will fight.
2She seems to take some sort of middle ground. While she does let things take their course, she will intervene if necessary.7She seems to know something, but I get the strong impression that she'd leave that sort of handywork to myself.4Not quite sure. She seems to be focused on maintaining her music career, though if she were to settle down, she'd like to transition into teaching. Truth be told, she's been a bit mum in that regard.2She used to be into astronomy and music back when she was in school.7She seems to prefer cardio over weightlifting. A treadmill or or exercise bike would do her just fine, though she'd much rather swim laps across the pool.9Not that often. Usually for performances and stuff. For the most part, she seems okay with it as long as it isn't too revealing. That said, though, I'd love to hear her explain the Miltank getup. 7While I'd love to take her out someplace, odds are good she'd come to me instead. We're usually the ones to host holiday celebrations, and they can become...quite festive.6I just want to lose myself in those aquamarine eyes of hers.6Melon.7Definitely the former. She's usually the one who keeps me in check most of the time. Definitely one of those cases where I need her more than she probably needs me... ....then again, I could be mistaken.2She's rarely the instigator of these sorts of things, but when push comes to shove she can be quite stalwart in defending her interests.3Quite a bit. She uses that 'cool, mysterious' visage of hers to hide her more sweeter aspects of hers, along with her fondness for children. When it comes down to it, she admits that she just wants to be a sweet girl.
6She has a sweet tooth.There are some local sweet desserts I'd want to let her try. 7Shinobu pretty much has her shit together, she won't need me for every little decision. I hope to be able to provide leadership and guidance if she needs some form of support. Apart from that, she's the stronger one, which is somewhat worrying for my self-esteem.2She is definitely willing to fight for a cause she believes in or to defend her friends. After all, that's what got her into trouble in the series. Violence isn't her thing though, she would rather use guile.3As mentioned by Misaka in the anime, Shinobu comes across as this weird, cold scientist and even more so if you refer to the 'fish-eyes' original look in the manga. However, she learned to show empathy and recognize the human costs of all the damn experiments she was working with.Is your waifu the senpai in the sheets?
6Strawberry or something. I see her as more of a frozen yogurt person than ice cream, though.2I wouldn't say she's a full-on violence loving fighter, but she'll definitely fight someone if she needs to.3Definitely.Despite the fact that she can be very.. strange around some young girls, she's actually really good older sister to girls like Ria, who she see's as a real little sister to her for a while.And, of course, there's the hidden dere to her tsuntsun that takes a while for her to show.Is your waifu health-conscious? Is she the type to try all sorts of crazy things because a magazine told her it'd increase her health?
3Mai is an extremely kind and gentle girl. It's very hard for her to become truly angry, but if she or others are seriously threatened then she will both show and act upon her wrath.5No, she's very shy and inexperienced when it comes to romance and its physical expressions.5I think she pays attention to her health, but isn't the sort of person who'd follow any fad she came across.
6Yuno would enjoy most kinds.As for the other question, everything! Mostly the sweets, we have some pretty great foods over here. She'd definitely love to try a lot of stuff.2She's not a fighter, she's just a normal schoolgirl. My Yunocchi couldn't even think about hurting somebody.5My wife wouldn't go that crazy over it, but she doesn't completely disregard her own health either. She exercises a little, doesn't eat too much unhealthy stuff, but that's about it.
2Considering her delicacy and timidness, Miku would avoid conflict I think.5Nah, she is innocent and submissive.5She cares about her health but she rather wouldn't do anything absurd.
2Not especially, unless the conflict would have long standing consequences like causing an incident between the Three Factions. Conflicts seem to find her or her peerage naturally.5I'd say she's heath conscious but not overly so.7I keep myself in check relatively well on my own. I've already picked up the usual skills you'd acquire through living alone but another set of hands, especially my waifu's, for things like cooking or tidying up wouldn't be unappreciated. She has experience from living by herself in the human world so I don't think it'd be too much of an issue for her. We're both capable of taking care of ourselves well enough.
3She can be a bit scary.5Hopefully she sometimes is.5Nope, she doesn't really need to.
5One would assume so...but there's a surprising amount of artwork out there depicting her as a sub in the bedroom5To an extent, but not to excessive degrees. She likes to snack every so often, but always in moderation. She takes real good care of herself when it comes to maintaining her looks.
2Thanks OP, I agree!Definitely the latter, being a relaxed and easygoing person.7Not too good, all that stuff requires far too much effort!4She has long-term medical ambitions, but due to the war, it's necessary to take things one day at a time.2Regularly attending a club would be somewhat tiresome for her. She's the type to want to return home as soon as possible and spend time with her family, friends, or just go to sleep.7If a miracle occurred and she found herself in a gym, she'd only go as far as some light exercise on a treadmill or elliptical, maybe with a short session on a weight machine in order to maintain a basic level of fitness, enabling her to remain battle-ready.7Which year? I try not to make things too repetitive, and some years have been quiet nights in as well. It all depends on what we feel like doing a couple days before.7We're very similar people, including our attitude to all things domestic. It can be said that I'm 99% as lazy as her, which means that as the tasks pile up, I'm inevitably the one to crack first and get them done. Usually I dislike doing household chores, but when living alone, somebody has to do them. She provides me the motivation to cook and clean although general tidiness remains a weak point, one that neither of us have much desire to fix.2She is a fighter. Despite her lazy and carefree nature, when push comes to shove, her talent and intuition enable her to fight at the highest level and surpass all others. Her motivation is to protect her friends and family.3Her intelligence is often overlooked, partially due to her lethargy and also due to her genius twin sister Ursula. However, she is a keen reader and an extremely perceptive girl.5Of course - she's my cutelewd ace!5Not in the slightest!
I love my waifu so much
2Neither really. She likes to intervene, but not to the point of micromanagement. That's too boring.7She leans more to breaking things. Luckily not around the house, no way I could keep up with that.4Spontaneous, except for long term projects like her masterpiece kamui.7A gym would be rather pointless. Any training would just be for skill, since her strength is already about as high as possible.7Anywhere that we may feel like going at the time.7We're both pretty well functioning on our own. But we're much happier together.2She loves it.3There's way too much about her that usually gets overlooked.5Little of both.
9yes, she was in a play and seemed to enjoy it as she really got into her role.5she'd do a lot of crazy things based on reading things, but I can't imagine her sticking to a diet for more than a few hours even if she insists salad is good for you, she'd probably eat something tasty while saying it.
Good night all. I hope I dream of her.shoutout to 7-san again for his delivery
4Good night, Shinobubro.
4Goodnight
I love her so much
3Yes, she is actually rather introverted with a small amount of friends with almost nobody understanding her for who she is, she also had a somewhat difficult grasp on the concept of love, companionship and emotions in general.Because of this she has difficultly opening up to new people and puts up a facade fans call "School Face." to hide her true personality and feeling from others.5Oh yes~5She keeps herself in shape, sure.But no crazy outlandish schemes promising to do this and that.
5What does that even mean?5Not really, things like that wouldn't bother her all too much. I think she's fairly healthy and so as is, and she doesn't seem like she feels unhealthy or such enough to do something like that.
Could you satisfy your waifu intimately?
4What does that even mean?He means: Is your waifu the one schooling you in the proper methods of coitus during a session?
8Yes
5I probably couldn't compete.5Pft, no.8Most definitely. Keep up, no. But I could last for a bit.
5Not quite, she's more of the submissive type, and prefers me to take the lead. Not completely though! She'd definitely initiate herself once she's more comfortable.8Yup, I'm pretty confident in that.
8I don't know.9Oh, sex? I don't think so, at least. I have no idea about the things myself at least, doubt she would know too much.
8Oho~ I'm sure I can.
8Good question. This is one hell of a woman we're talking about here. Fortunately, I know what I'm doing. Destructo-nookie is to be expected between the two of us.
8Of course. Will my mass knowledge from years upon years of reading doujins I am a master.
Depends on whether they affect her or not.7Well I'm fairly certain she built her own hut, so she's pretty much a handywoman.We'd make a good pair since I can't put two things together without breaking something.7My waifu has been lifting for a thousand years.10/10 mirin' her perfect aesthetics nohomo mirin her progress6I wanna kiss my waifu on the navel.2She fights.There isn't much behind whether she enjoys fighting or not, but she is willing to fight and places it over diplomacy.I suppose she believes that whenever she is needed, it's because diplomacy has failed. She's not called the combat instructor for nothing.5I don't think she'd be.Not knowledgeable on it at all.5She's healthy in the real sense of the word, but not a health freak.8I'd sure as fuck try.It's cute to think of her as if she was extremely sensitive, but I really don't know.
8Since her source material tells me her most sensitive areas and heavily hints at her fetishes, I'm confident that I could.
1FE CCC certainly provides a fair bit of information.
5No, but he is most definitely kawaii on the streets.5Not especially. Health-wise, the only thing I see him being interested in is gaining a bit more weight. I still maintain that he's fine as he is, but self-consciousness is a helluva thing.8Probably. Lessons learned from all the things I read back in the halcyon days haven't been forgotten.
Has you're waifu ever appeared in a video game?Rukia has appeared in several Bleach video games varying from PSP, Wii and DS titles.She even appeared in J-stars victory versus albeit as a support character to my massive disappointment.Though I do like the model they made for her in the game.
6Chocolate.I'd like for her to try a lot of things. Probably this though: href="#p126101477" class="quotelink"7Ai can be very much housewifey, however, she is not my crutch, nor am I to her. We are both pretty independant. To answer the other question, I think I'd be pretty good as a house husband, especially if she decides to take her swimming in a professional route, I'd have to be home a lot.2No, she's not violent at all, she would rather see results through verbal reprimanding.3She can be very serious, and even cold to people who don't know her, but she is actually very sweet and playful.5Maybe5She does watch her health, she swims, runs, and makes sure to maintain a proper diet.8I think so, though there's only one way to find out for sure.9Her source is a PS2 VN. Now in PS Vita. You and you're waifu stay indoors for a lazy Sunday and decide to watch a movie. What genre do you end up choosing from?
8I'm pretty sure I can.9She appear in Project Diva series and occasionally in other games like some MMO.I have both Project Diva f 1st and 2nd for PS3. Even if I'm shit at them, I really enjoy playing it and patting her head in interactive mode~4Some comedy, I guess.
9She's been co-starring in the Project Diva and Project Mirai series of rhythm games. Surprisingly decent according to word of mouth, but I can understand if I come off a little biased. Luka and the other Crypton Vocaloids are also recruitable units in the mobile game, Brave Frontier.4Something silly. For example, 'Clue' or 'Murder by Death'. If comedy isn't up her alley, we could bond over some good music courtesy of 'The Last Waltz'. Though Sundays usually aren't the best days for prolonged plans for us; she likes to spend Sunday nights doing a free showcase of some recent Voc tunes.
8I sure do hope so! I try not to be overly confident in my skills, but I've got a few ideas on how to please her.9She appears in her series' PSP Visual Novel, and a PS3 game that's a lot like iDOLM@STER: Gravure For You.She also appears as a playable character in Dengeki Bunko Fighting Climax.If someone is annoying your waifu, would she outright tell them that they're being annoying? Or would she just ignore them and hope they stop?
2I'm finally getting a body pillow of my Waifu and I'm do happy.
2My waifu
2I'd imagine she lets things run its course, but may or may not intervene if there is something she desires or feels the need to do.7Hmm, hard to say but I think she might need some help. Though strong legs not sure about how much she can carry or any knowledge of power tool usage4Well surely becoming a good hero is part of her goal. Other than that probably not much.2She'd probably be on a swim team or some sort of gymnastics7She would use the pool if there is one, maybe a pull up bar, definitely would do squats/running9Nope, though she is a frog to some extend so make of that what you will.7Oh man, maybe to go see a movie, followed by watching fireworks together, and hopefully end with cuddling the night away.6I'm not sure really... Probably vanilla, she doesn't seem picky about food.I'm from america so there isnt much special, i'd have to make her some jelly though from my apricots.7I'd definitely be happier just to be around her. She's very honest so she could help with decisions and prevent bad ones. 2She can fight, and would fight to save others. She thinks a lot about the situation at hand.3Nothing of that sort just yet, I can only wait for new chapters and hope for even more character development.5It's certainly possible, she could take much advantage with her tongue.5Not a health nut but is in very good shape given her life so far.8I would try my best, I can only hope.9Nope.4Probably an action movie, something flashy and with a linear plot. Maybe some sentai stuff.
2No. She likes to avoid conflict or creating division.3She enjoys karaoke, actually.5We're both inexperienced.5No. She has huge self esteem problems about her appearance, but doesn't obsess over her health.8I hope so, but like I said, we're both inexperienced.9Well, she's from a visual novel.4Something light hearted and peaceful, probably.
9Mai does appear in a game, though she isn't playable. She is the protagonist of a 2 hour long story presented in visual novel format excerpts are presented 16:00 into this video:href="#p126113374" class="quotelink"4She was deeply moved by the plight of a girl who was in love, so perhaps she might enjoy romantic movies? Considering her knowledge of swordsmanship I wonder what she'd think of movies that focus on that. Some people can be bothered by inaccuracies in movies on subjects they're familiar with, though my guess is that Mai probably wouldn't be.8I think that she'd try to put up with it. Maybe it didn't let up she'd politely request that they stop what they're doing.
I 3 my gunfu
2Well, she's a soldier so its kind of a given.5She tries, all the more fun to shut her down.5She has a very fast metabolism so she tends to eat a lot with no regard for health issues and still turn out as sexy as ever.8I sure as hell hope so.9Source material.4Action.8She would straight out shut them up.
2Thank you, OP. All waifus are cute.She doesn't want to interfere with things sometimes, when she knows its out of her control or she can't do it, but sometimes she offers help.7She's good at wrecking everything, not fixing them.4I don't think she has much goals now, but if I'm correct, right now, she just wants to protect people around her and make everyone in the world listen to her songs.2She has work so I don't think she has a club. If she were to join a club in a normal school, I guess it would be the glee club, or the kendo club.7Most likely everything. She's fit as fuck.Of course she would lift, I'm sure as hell she could also lift me and throw me like its nothing.9Not really. But I can see her wearing one with pride because someone told her she should wear one.Thanks for mentioning it, now I have some idea for my next drawing of her.7She'll probably at NHK Kohaku Uta Gassen so I guess I'll be there watching her from the back seats.;_;6I want to kiss my waifu`s everything and everywhere6Mint or blueberry, I guess.7She is already keeping my life in check. She does wonders to my life that I wouldn't even doubt if she's actually my guardian angel or something.Also, yes, I think I am the wife to my waifu because I'd probably be the one cleaning up all of her mess and doing 99% of the housework.2If you want to fight, she'll fucking give you a fight and wreck your ass. Tsubasa isn't the kind of woman that backs down if you show her that you'll do harm to anyone.3People and most of her fans look at her as someone who can do literally everything, but they don't know Tsubasa can't even do shit asides singing and fighting. Its a cute gap in her personality.5Funny you ask that because she's a real senpai.I am the senpai in the sheets.
2Thanks, OP! She's more of a "take things as they come" sort of person. Though she'll definitely plan ahead when she needs to.4She prefers to take things one day at a time; it's how she loves to see the world.2Bit of both. She'd never look for a fight, but she's more than capable of defending herself.3She definitely has a tendency to internalize a lot of her emotions, to the point where she sometimes doesn't understand them. It's the life of a traveler.5More of a power-bottom type, I'd figure.5I don't really think so. Everything about her physique was born of her lifestyle.8I'd hope so. Though practice makes perfect.4Probably something calm but takes a lot of fun with its presentation.
9Her own game, and the other games in the franchise, I don't think I've seen her outside those games.4Probably action or science fiction, I hope.8Be subtle with it, until they're being way too annoying.
I just found my waifu recently! She's cute and I love her with all my heart, she's the best ghost girl a guy could ask for. Tell me /a/, when was the first time you met your waifu?
Does anyone have a waifu that has a canon lover in her source material, especially one that wasn't merely hinted at, but actually went all the way? If so, how were you able to look past it?If not, I know this isn't really something possible to predict, but what do you think you would do if it suddenly happened in her source material? How would you deal with it?
5Yes, as an idol, she needs to maintain her diet too, and as a soldier, she can't be like a stick, she needs to be fit as fuck. Is she the type to try all sorts of crazy things because a magazine told her it'd increase her health?Not really, but I can see her doing weird things because someone told her if you do this and that your breasts will grow larger.4Good night Shinobubro.I'm still working on it. You can expect it sometime this week but its definitely not now or tomorrow because I'm busy doing paperwork for enrollment for school. 8Yes, or so I hope.9She appeared in Super Heroine Chronicles, and before they made games of Symphogear in iOS. Too bad the game was shutdown or something because it was full of bugs or something.4Action. I don't really want to watch anything asides action.Maybe some samurai dramas are okay too.8First she'll ignore it and hope they'll stop, but if it really bugs her she'll tell them to fuck off or at least stop bugging her.9I met Tsubasa first when I watched her series, of course.At first I just expected Symphogear to be some kind of idol anime, I was totally blown at the first episode. Back then I didn't even care too much about Tsubasa, but I always thought she's cool, but she's somewhat kind of edgy so I didn't too much like her. Then when G came, she became so much better that I suddenly fell in love in the midway of the series.6If she ever really gets into a relationship with someone in her series, it would be quite hard for me. If its her ninja manager, it would be hard to beat him up for her love, and if its her cute kouhai, it would be much harder because Chris is my most favorite Symphogear back then, but I guess I'll have to man up and fight her too.
2You guys don't really love your waifu. Prove me wrong.also if you fap to your waifu, you already failed cause of muh dick
3What kind of fucking loser would pretend to be madly in love with an anime character? Yeah, I've spent the last two years ironically thinking about her all day, writing letters to her, and posting about her in waifu threads. I also ironically masturbate to pictures of her in a swimsuit.
8She's a patient woman, but even she has her limits. When pushed past them, she can be quite curt and very intimidating.9I remember seeing the original posts of her artwork back in 2009, but I didn't pay much attention to it. We didn't actually meet until 2011, when she came to perform with Miku in Los Angeles. Even though it was full of severe Engrish, hearing them perform 'World's End Dancehall' was what convinced me to give her music a go...6Because of the non-canon nature of her material, the fanbase has a field day with pairing her up right and left. According to them, she either has a tsun attraction towards Kamui Gakupo, a shota complex towards Len Kagamine, or she's in a passionate love affair with Miku. That said, she hates being shipped/sexualized by the fans, and it continues to be a sour subject for her.
6Strawberry.I'm not sure. I can only think of unhealthy things off the top of my head, and she generally avoids that kind of thing.7I wouldn't say I'd be a dysfunctional mess without her, but she has helped me in a lot of ways, and I'd certainly be worse off if not for her. I'd like to think that she could depend on me in her times of need as well.2I feel Kagura would act similarly. She's not one to get into a fight, but wouldn't back down from one in severe circumstances.3She has a sensitive side to her, which does seep out on more than one occasion. It ranges from cute to heart breaking. It's one of the many reasons I adore her so much.5Well, she has learnt a thing or two from Miss Kurosawa.5She is, but not to the point where she'd attempt any crazy diets. She trains hard enough and eats well enough to not feel the need to do such things.
I love my waifu!
6Yes, I'm in love with her, and yes, I'd do anything to be with her, but in the end, what I want from her is for her to be happy. I enjoy seeing her happy with someone else, because she's happy. I'd kill to be with her, of course.
6Not at all. Even if there were, sure it'd feel horrible, but in the end I'm in love with who she is, not the story she is in. After all, that's what's really important.8My Yunocchi could never tell off anyone like that, even in a subtle way. She'd rather endure for hours than to risk offending or annoying someone herself. My wife is a good girl, but she has trouble standing up for herself at times!9href="#p126113374" class="quotelink"4We'd cry over a sappy and emotional romance together. Or have fun with an adventure film!
920th september three years ago. Playing the game.6I mean, it's unlikely, but if it for whatever reason came down to it, there's not much more to it. It would be canon then, it can't be helped, at least to me. If that would, for some reason happen, then I could not go on anymore because that would not be really possible. Even though there are many dimensions and alternative ones, I don't know how it'd turn out.1CUTE
8Most likely.9She's made appearances in games for the PS1, Game Boy Advance and arcade machines. There's also a bunch of unofficial games, like a fighting game and a kart racer. 4Either an action film or a comedy, depending on what mood we're in.8She tries her best to get Tomo to stop her shenanigans, but Tomo being Tomo, she's pretty persistent despite Kagura's attempts at making her stop.9It was 4 years ago, when I first watched the AzuDai anime. It wasn't love at first sight, but she was definitely my favourite character in the series from an early stage. I even started liking her before she got any major screen time.6On the plus side, it would be nice to know what she looks for in a guy, and how she'd react to certain romantic situations. The negatives kinda outweigh those though, I feel.I'd most likely do my best to ignore the love interest altogether, since I know I'm not very good at self-inserting.
Do you talk about your waifu with other people or does your relationship only come to light in these threads?
2What?
2I do talk about her, but not my feelings for her. Though I don't think it's that much of a secret either way.
2I do not talk about her at all outside of herethat said I do not talk to ANYONE outside of the threads #NoFriends #NoContacts, I would even less talk about my relationship with her.
2No I keep it to myself, but I slipped up twice.Once, I got drunk and told some complete normalfag acquaintances about her, but luckily nothing more came of it.I also vaguely talked about her to my best friend, who has pretty much as strong a powerlevel as I do. Which I really came to regret as he ended making jokes about her and the horrible things that happened to her.
2I told a guy, a guy whos been here since 4chan was createdHe drew NTR with her fucking pepe
2I've brought up her name before others once or twice. But there's only one other place where I address her as my Beloved, and even there it's not to the same degree I talk about her here.
Post the most beautiful picture of your waifu.
2Nope, only with people from these threads. I fucked up once on the way home from the dentist and ended up saying something about her that my grandpa heard, but nothing else. I've always thought it'd be interesting to talk with waifufags in person, though.6He drew NTR with her fucking pepeThat sounds like a pretty rare Pepe.
0She's beautiful in every picture.
6I told a guybeen hereYou deserve everything you got.
9I know there's a few Soul Eater games out there, games he most likely plays a role in, but I don't think any have been translated. I've been meaning to look into that, actually.4I think he'd enjoy a simple family movie most. Hopefully I could persuade him to watch the three Beverly Hills Cop movies I have sitting around.8The latter. People being annoying or brash isn't something he knows how to deal with.9I first saw him way back in 2008 or 2009, but we didn't properly meet until a little shy of two years ago. It was far from love at first sight, but he really grew on me - from the underground battle and beyond. 6How would you deal with it?By ignoring it. And striving to be better than whatever filthy scrub dare try to usurp me.2Only in these threads, and with waifubros in irc chats. Aside from work acquaintances, I don't really talk to anyone IRL.3spoilerWhat a shitter, that's awful.
3His powerlevel was far greater than mine, and we were good friends, I thought I could trust him.
6He drew NTR with her fucking pepeI feel bad for laughing at this because I'd be really upset if that was my waifu.
Your waifu is shit
9May 22nd of 2011 was when I truly fell in love with her, while watching her anime.I saw images of her posted here before that, and she instantly struck me as being really cute, so I decided to watch her anime and it all begun there.2Kind of, but not really.My close friends know of her, and that she's my waifu and my feelings for her and whatnot, but I don't really go into detail about things anywhere other than these threads.6He drew NTR with her fucking pepeJesus christ. I'm oddly curious.
9I'd completely lose my shit, it's one of the reasons why even when people in other communities have asked me, I've never told anyone else who she is.I really want to see this, though.
2Only one of my closest friends even knows what a waifu truly is. I talk about her with him occasionally but never to the extent at which I do here. Not that it matters since he browses these threads occasionally.The rest of my close friends have pretty low power-levels and wouldn't understand, though they recognize her as my wallpaper on both my phone and pc. Two of them have actually read her VN. Both of which think both Momoyo and Mayucchi are better ;_;0
something about kobeni really gets to meadorable purple eyes+pink hairgood cookmother/maid typegood cookchubbyshybusty and big buttthat soft voicepls no bully
9There's a few Raildex games, so yeah.8Hope and if it doesn't work speak up.9Met in '092In person and some networking places, yes. Especially when I got the ink done, since it's kind of a big deal so people want to know the story.0Sure.
899It was worse because he's a really fucking good drawfag.He had it out for me because I knew something I should not have known. Those ties are severed now.
2Even she's angry she's cute.Does she prefer to micromanage situations, or is she the kind of girl to let things run their course without much interference?She buzzed off when faced with paper work so I don't think she's good at management.4Does you're waifu have any long term plans or goals, or does she prefer to do things one day at a time?I want to say one day at a time.2Is your waifu in any school clubs? If she doesn't attend any sort of school, do you think she would be interested in any club in particular? Would she start her own if none caught her interest and what would it be if she did?She hate clubs and tried to run one. Did not end well.
0She's top tier waifu bait
1What a shitter, that's awful.To be fair, he wasn't knowingly trying to be that much of a dick, but it just turns out he's a quite a bit more of a normalfag than I am and actually just thinks that waifus are a big joke and that I wasn't actually serious. He couldn't possibly know that what happened to her truly depressed me.
2I have two persons that knows I love Tsubasa, but I don't talk too much about her to them. Even Anonymous knows more about how I love my waifu than them. Though they know about me being here. I just hope they don't know I'm doing this, they might start to make fun of me.0requesting me to post the whole folder of my waifu629Poor anon. But it was partly your fault because you told him even though there's a risk that he's a maymayspouting guy.
Do you lift for you waifu, /a/? Does she motivate you to become a better person?/fit/32647137
9I don't think Ryuko would go with that without some convincing.7 Where would you take your waifu in New Year's Eve?Restaurant maybe.6What's your waifu's favourite flavour of ice cream?I think she's a vanilla girl.
4it just turns out he's a quite a bit more of a normalfag than I amBy that, I meant that he had normalfag tendancies contrary to me, not that I am a normalfag.
2Is your waifu willing to fight or is she the type that would avoid conflict at all costs?She's a fighter. She'd avoid stupid fights but she'd probably fight when her blood boils too much.3On that note, does your waifu have any facets of her personality she rarely shows or that people rarely give her due credit for having?Not that I know of.5Is your waifu health-conscious? Is she the type to try all sorts of crazy things because a magazine told her it'd increase her health?Nah. Ryuko wouldn't do that.
6He drew NTR with her fucking pepeAnd this right here is why I refuse to tell anyone outside of places with serious waifubros who she is. Sorry, anon, but you fucked up.
2Yeah. My gains will outclass my weight machine relatively shortlyStill feels like a chore though.
6Ryuko not that I know of Come the fuck on. She hides her sensitive side most of the time.
8I can try my best. 9Nah.4You and you're waifu stay indoors for a lazy Sunday and decide to watch a movie. What genre do you end up choosing from?Action. She would probably like that.
02I'm being the best I can be for my Beloved...though this little quest is taking its toll on my left knee.
2No. I'm a lost cause, even the love of my life couldn't motivate me to lift a finger for anything.
2I did, and she still motivates me to be a better man for her, but I haven't been able to in a while. I want to start back up again in a few weeks, though.
6I have a very bad memory.
2Yes. I've got to start trimming off all the fat I put on while bulking up though. I look chubby.On the bright side once I cut down I'll be a pretty big guy.
2Yes.
3what three tests did you have to pass to win her hand in marriage?
6not constantly re-watching you're waifu's series to make sure you get every nuance of her character
6There's having a bad memory, and there's knowing less about the girl you say is your waifu than someone who watched Kill la Kill while drunk over a year ago.
4Well I have a new item on my to do list. Thank you anon. A sandwich is not a cake, Captcha.
2No lifting, none at all. I don't really want to get muscly
2Meddling and tampering are things she frequently engages in, mostly when it comes to people who need help but are too stubborn or clueless about how to help themselves. Otherwise she tends to let things run their course.She's great at repairing clothes, but I can't imagine her putting up shelves, sanding floors or unclogging pipes. Most of these sorts of things she'd injure herself somehow and in many cases they'd be filed under boring or disgusting right next to homework. 4She has long term ambitions, but they're rather vague and she approaches them with the "one day at a time" mindset. I'm sure they'd get more concrete and long term as she goes along though.2She started up the fashion club! It was hard for her to find members at first but she was adamant about doing it. All the people she dragged into it enjoyed it a lot though, so it turned out just fine.7I doubt she'd lift, she'd probably use treadmills and cross-trainers if anything but she'd more likely to just go running outside. 9Not that I recall in the series, but I've seen fanart of her wearing a hoodie based on Coupe the fairy.7We'd get some friends and family together in our back garden, and she'd get to watch a firework show as I run around lighting them and trying not go get blown up! She'd have a great time and she'd hug me extra tight when I'm done, relieved I didn't get burned.6I want to kiss my waifu's hand, like I'm her prince!6Mint choc chip, perhaps?Probably cheating since it's from north of the wall really, but I'd like to see her bewildered expression when confronted with a deep fried mars bar. Only once though, I don't want her to have a heart attack.
3Not wanting to be a big guy like Bane for your waifu
2I do, only with other waifufriends though.0Trick question, each and every single one is more beautiful than the other.2It's not really something I'd want to do, even if I did, it wouldn't be for her, but it'd be for myself. She'd want me to do something I don't enjoy!
8She would rather ignore and eventually tell them in subtle way.9I met Miku while playing OSU on Hatsune Miku no Gekishou.Obviously I didn't fall in love with her instantly. It took her month or two to become my favorite character and I fell in love with her about a year after meeting her. Full story: href="#p126115566" class="quotelink"6It won't happen, it would be against the main idea behind Crypton's vocaloids.2Yeah, I'm not really secretive. Many of my friendsfemale included know about my relationship with Miku and no one has ever criticized or judged me because of that. I just don't shove it down people's throats and talk about it only with people who are genuinely curious.0Sure.2No and yes.Goodnight, waifu thread! Maybe I will wake up with her next to me...
3Someone get this hothead out of here.
2I do not. This is the only place where I can openly talk about my love.0But there's so many!2I live my life everyday as someone deserving of her love.
3She explains to you hes just her study partner from school."uh, you don't get to bring friends"
2Well I'm certainly big in a different way. But being big and muscly has never been that attractive to me outside of the armour wearing, claymore wielding dreams. I wouldn't mind being skinny or normal, though that's a hard problem to solve.
3MFWNo. So much no.
4I guess being normal is better.
3It already happened, I couldnt stop it. I would have had to fly across the state then break his hands, but he drew it
2There are other places where I talk about her, and my closest friends also know I love her. They're cool with it, thankfully.0I could go one better, but that's for my eyes only.2I do exercise to better myself, yes. Not lifting though.3G'night Mikubro.
8If someone is annoying your waifu, would she outright tell them that they're being annoying?Yes. Yes she would.
6Yeah. Just looks so much nicer too.
4Hold the phone, you live in the same state as this guy and know his address but didn't beat the fuck out of him?
5Fly across the states, i live on one end of america he lives on the other
0All my pictures of her are beautiful!I don't really like realistic looking pictures, but this one is incredibly pretty.2I don't lift, but I did cardio, squats, and dieting to lose a good amount of my weight for her!3Good night.
1Yeah. Some people make the muscular look great.
0You know from the thumbnail that almost looks like Miyako
0Every picture is beautiful.
7I thought that too the first time I saw it.Wedding dress never ;_;
Where would you take your waifu on vacation to?
7She's able to handle herself pretty well, so we would do fine. She would probably be the one keeping me together.2She's able to very well, and if she has to she will.3She doesn't try to hide her emotions anymore, but her determined side only comes out at certain times.5I sure hope so.5She stays healthy, but not to that level.9She's in two fighting games. They're pretty fun.8If they don't stop, say something.0But if she's in it, it's the most beautiful one.2Yes. I need to find time to do it more.
I want my waifu to beat me up and brutally punish me in the name of righteous revenge.For no matter how painful it would be, at least for just one moment, she'd be there once again.No punishment from her could even compare to the empty eternity without her I've condemned myself to.
9What did you do, Anon? Did you shag her mother?
0Paris and Venice.
7That sounds decent.
0Niagara Falls, Versailles, and Florence.7Ohh, Venice is good too.
7Huh, I can sort of see it.3I felt the same way too, but I eventually got the courage to ask in the draw threads, and I got that picture I posted.0Southern Europe, or a trip across the US might be fun.
4Nice taste.
2Who is this semen demon?
0Trials over the mind, the body, and the heart. I had to show her that I have the kindness, the fortitude, and the willpower to earn her favor. The fact that she continues to grace my dreams with the warmth of her presence should be proof that I'm doing something right0A nice sea cruise. I'd like to take her on a trip along the coast, but there's too much going on that could ruin such a lovely view.
5Homer Simpson, Sir. One of your onaholes from Sector 7-G.
Guys, I haven't really been feeling the same about my waifu in the past few months. The feelings are either not there or much less noticeable than the first year or so I was with her. I'm not really sure what to do in this scenario.
0Southern Europe, or a trip across the US might be fun.Don't mind me stealing that idea.a trip across the US might be fun.Just stay out of Florida. Only subhumans live in Florida. Not even Ryuko would forgive me for that.
Isn't character worship against the rules?
9The infatuation period has passed. You're approaching the point where you need to accept that the relationship will change, and you'll have to work harder to show the same level of interest to you're waifu in the pursuit of a true long-term relationship, or you need to accept that it's time to cute ties.If the latter is the case, might I recommend Sanae Dekomori?lovely.
0And the truth is that she talks like a guy to everyone except to Benio
2Sometimes I lift, but If I lift more I'll be a literal stickman because I don't really eat that much and spend more time doing things nowadays that even my drawing practice time gets interrupted especially now I'm going to go back to studying soon. 6I have bad memory too, but I'm not that brain-damaged that I'll forget many necessary things about my waifu. You should start memorizing things so you can improve your shit memory.3Good night.0All around the world, one place isn't enough.I want to go hiking with my waifu.
8You should start memorizing things so you can improve your shit memory.I'm going to do that now.Time to rewatch some KLK.
5No, it's not about what I did, but more about what I didn't do for her.
6While you're at it, you could try fucking off. Waifu threads aren't for idiots to post their favorite characters of the month.
5That's a whole different ball game. What didn't you do?
9Spiral Chaos I think it was called.Never played it.Never will, probably.4my waifulazy Sundayno no nothere is never lazinessthere is never a breakI'd like High Fantasy.8Depends on how annoying.My waifu is an expert on giving the cold shoulder.Indifference kills.6It would be really hard on me.That's as far as I can go without going into detail.2Only with people from here.Or others with a waifu.0I like this one.I also like the handbra one, but I was told it was too lewd to post.I'd lose my marbles if something like what happened to that one guy happened.Well, not really, but it'd make pretty angry.2I barely have time to lift anymore.Fucking university.0The south of my country.It's beautiful.4recommendingOh anon.
0Florida didn't really cross my mind, but I imagine she might want to go to Disneyland. We'll see.Goodnight waifubros!
4Fucking university.I'm in grad school, and it's not hard to dedicate 1 hour per day to lifting.Maybe we just have different schedules.
7To keep it short: be a good person and return the undeserved support she had given to me for years. I did nothing for her really, when she was the greatest friend and source of motivation I could possibly hope for and I just abandoned her.
8I can and do.4Not really a consistent genre. Just anything that we think we'd enjoy watching together. Or something silly but not attention demanding so we can do other things on the couch while it's on.8She'd make it pretty clear it's for the best if they stop.9When I watched her first episode. I'd seen pictures before, but I don't really consider those meeting. Realizing and embracing our love was too gradual to pinpoint a specific date, so I use the day we met December 21st 2013, which is also the winter solstice to celebrate our anniversary.2Only other waifufriends. Nobody IRL.0Not possible, Nui is always absolutely gorgeous. There is no absolute most beautiful picture. But this one is perhaps my favorite.2I lifted before her and still do. I have more motivation to stay in shape with her, but it's not like I didn't take care of myself before.0All kinds of places. The typical romantic cities, the places with the most beautiful scenery, not especially special but fun things, natural phenomenon like the northern lights, everything. Travel the world together.
2I have 47~ hours per week of university counting class and travelling to university.And that's not counting hours spent studying.
2Thanks OP!She does a mix. Can definitely manage things she cares about, but knows when to butt out.7She depends on me to do the work, but is pretty helpful with things I don't know how to do.4With the travelling, it's one day at a time right now.2She was the class rep of all class reps.7Treadmill or yoga, I think.9Just the cat ears.7Dinner and out on a walk to see the fireworks!6She likes all kinds of foods! I'd say milkshakes.7Hanekawa completes me!2Avoiding conflicts is comfortable for her, but she goes head on into the things that are dear to her.3She tries her hardest not to show weakness.58It's very loving and compassionate, but she's not overly aggressive. 5My waifu just tries to keep a normal, balanced diet, not much fatty food.9There was a PSP VN at some point but I don't own one.4Comedy! She likes wordplay jokes and subtle humor.9She was very sexy to me at first, and I grew to enjoy her arcs more and more. But it wasn't until Neko Shiro when she overcame a lot of stuff that I really respected her and wanted her as my waifu.
8She would definitely let them know they're bothering her.9March 17 20132Only with other waifu anons, although my brother probably already figured out I have a waifu, though I'd never outright tell him.0There's several that are really amazing, and it's difficult to choose, so here's one I really like.2Yes. I need to do so more regularly though0Cancun. If the drug dealers ever leave that is.4Goodnight
6She got rejected, but has moved on since.2I've only gotten to talk about her once with a friend since I hide my powerlevel a bit. Luckily we both agreed that she is best girl.0I really like the one where she's walking in the tunnel with Araragi and turns around with the bandage on her face, but I post it all the time, so here's this beaut.2I'm starting a new lifting schedule this week actually!0Somewhere in Europe! The scenery and history are great for both of us, and I'd love to take her out to a pub and see her all tipsy and cute.4Goodnight anon!Have you learned Japanese for you're waifu yet?
tfw you'll never meet a main girl as genki as your waifu
4Something cute, probably a pixar movie.8She'd kick them in the face and call them a fool.9Years ago, back when I was watching Bleach for the first time.2One or two people know I she's my waifu, but I only talk about my feelings in depth here.0I'll try my best, but I can't just pick one.2I don't lift but I've definitely improved myself in a myriad of aspects due to her influence.0Italy or France.
0I'd rather we avoid the popular tourist spots. Both my Yunocchi and I would prefer something nice and quiet, visiting the smaller towns of a certain country sounds like a much better way to spend our vacation time.She might even find some forgotten little art gallery or museum!8I know kana, but anything more than that would require a time and energy investment I don't have. Plus it's not like it'd be useful beyond some miscellaneous stuff for me.Although, reading her manga in it's original language would be pretty nice.
8Working on it, progress is slow for now howeverI'm going to transfer universities next year and start taking classes, I'm planning on trying to become a translator
8I'm getting there. Been practicing everyday since her birthday this past February. My goal is to get good enough within one year to read her source when her birthday rolls around next year.
8No, but I know kanaI want to one day be able to read her manga raw
8It's something I've been working on. What I know is pretty rusty; I had a chance to learn it in HS, but they cancelled the course after I was a year in. I know that she can speak English, but I'd rather learn moonspeak so that way she doesn't have to stress over that accent of hers....Even though I find it completely adorable.
8Err... No. Everyone here and their dedication puts me to shame.
8Bit by bit.
What would your waifu do if you were sick?
6Satan tripsIf it's a little cold then she'd tease me. If it's something seriously then she'd probably stay by my side all day.
0There's too many for me to choose just one! But I do love this webm I made. Crona has such a precious smile. 4Ignorance is understandable to an extent, but that's still very callous of him. 2I'd go to the gym more often, but I do enough lifting at work. He definitely is the main reason I pay a decent amount to grooming these days.34Goodnight!0Up north, to see the Iron Range and watch the ships come in. As I've said before, I'd really love to take him to see the beaches in California, but neither of us care much to put up with the hassle of long-distance travel. 8No_6Help me out however he could. His comforting presence in and of itself is all I'd ask for, but of course I'd appreciate whatever help he'd have to offer.
I love my waifu!
6She'd make sure that I didn't do anything reckless. I imagine this is where her sweet, motherly side would come out. Suddenly I'm thinking of our first day together...
6she'd probably not even notice and complain that I was being boring laying in bed all day then drag me out to entertain herif I was being a big baby about being sick though she'd probably get really concerned and force me to do a whole bunch of really strange home cures that have nothing to do with the illness I'm experiencing.I do not believe this is a winnable situation
8Yes, though its only little by little now. I don't have much time to do reps, so I start forgetting how to write moonrunes, even Hiragana and Kata, thanks to my bad memories. Though, even if I can't remember how to write them, for some reason I know what they look like when I'm reading. Thanks to my moon studies, I can at least read a little and grasp a little of Nana`s blog, and can understand some parts of anime and manga without subs or translations.I still can't memorize even the most basic level of Kanji though.2Good luck, Miyakobro. I'm sure you can do it.6666She doesn't really know how to take care of other people, she might even buy a book on how to take care of sick people. She'll just tell me to rest so my fever won't get worse.Also, its most likely that she's going to be the one who's sick.
8My waifu is not Japanese.Besides I've grown to dislike the Japanese.6Nice try Satan.Hopefully she'd nurse me and calm me when I feel the world falling on top of me when I have to skip one class.Goodnight /a/.Exam tomorrow so I have to be fresh.If I found her on bed wearing this I'd be anything but fresh tomorrow;_;
1ありがとな、７－さん5I think it's time for me to take my leave as well. Goodnight everybody
0Hey, I can read that! Holy shit!
She's the type that tries to manage everything at once and make sure that everything is perfect.7I don't think she's much of a handywoman, so not really.4Her goals is pretty much achieving the title of being the best idol, so once she has her goal set, she practices everyday to ensure that will happen. 2President of the student council if I recall correctly. After all, she's gotta impress her family at school.7She would probably use a treadmill. She's more of a runner than anything.9Nope.7Somewhere at a pier so we could watch the waves perhaps. Some place new I guess.6That's pretty hard, probably go with either chocolate or banana flavoured maybe?Shit, I would go with pho, but she probably hates beef shit. Hu tieu is more like it. 2She is willing to fight for those who she truly cares for, especially when they are in a terrible situation. 3Her generosity. It's quite hard to show it when she's mostly tsundere most of the time.5I am the senpai, I want to tease her a little, you know.5Not really, she works out all the time, so she doesn't need to.8Of course.9She IS originally from a video game, so yes.4Comedy.8She would tell them to bugger off, so yeah.6No, Producer is self-insert, so it's ambiguous.8I do know fairly little in Nip, but Iori knows English if I try to speak Broken Japanese to her.6I would look after her and stay by her bedside.
0おやすみ.I'll leave for now, good night to everyone who will or is sleeping, and good morning/afternoon to everyone else, including those who don't have a waifu but still looks at us here.Time to finish the drawing for Shinobubro.
She's a charmeri would kiss her ear to toe
2I think I finally found her, /a/.
3Ryuko totally likes strawberry u waste
8Why wouldn't you have checked the kitchen first?
9end it all
6If it were a mere cold she'd scold me for succumbing to such a pathetic 'illness.'However if it were something a little more serious she'd be very strict with what I do ensuring I don't over exert myself and get all the rest and medication I need.
4You and you're waifu stay indoors for a lazy Sunday and decide to watch a movie. What genre do you end up choosing from?Gotta be Korean revenge thrillers/some bullshit like pride and prejudice m8
2I had to check the world over just to make sure!
I love all my waifus!
8Nuibro, what do you think of your waifu's rainbow arms?
3I like both sets of arms. It doesn't matter if it's her natural arms or technicolor dreamarms, as long as they're wrapped around me.
2Thanks OP she's absolutely adorable!She'd definitely be the type to try manage everything. She loves being the center of attention and would probably enjoy controlling everything.7Well as it shows in her game, she sucks at that sort of thing. Her food is poisonous for Christ sake. 4Her main goal for the future is to become an aidoru who is known and loved all across the world by everyone! whether she's gonna get there with her lack of talent in singing is another question.7I'd take her to a lovely mountain range with just the two of us, and under the moon lit sky we kiss and share a romantic evening.7I think i'd end up being the wife for my waifu.She's not very good at doing any wife like things so i'd have to do them for her. That's what makes her cute though!.5She is an absolute beauty fanatic. She'd try any and every method possible to try become more beautiful even if its just some rumor in a magazine. And i bet she'd be obsessive over things like her diet what she wears and just in general how she looks.  i hope one of those magazine tells her semen is good for he skin 8I damn hope i can!9The series she comes from is a game. Fate/extra ccc she plays as one of the main antagonist/protagonist.4I think she'd be the type to love a horror movie with lots of young girls being sliced up and blood everywhere. That or a sappy love story, whats up with that polar opinion.8I try, it hurts not knowing jap and your waifus game is only in japanese so far. Not even fully translated by fans yet.6I shall become super husbando and do anything and everything she could ever need. A nice hot bowl of porridge a glass of orange juice and a warm blanket to keep her nice and warm all day. And if it so comes to it I'll suck that sickness out straight from her lips. why must she be so cute. 
I've never really posted in here before, but I had a dream about playing vidya with my waifu the other night and it was pretty sweet.pls no bully
4
3Yes, she is actually rather introverted with a small amount of friends with almost nobody understanding her for who she is, she also had a somewhat difficult grasp on the concept of love, companionship and emotions in general.No she doesn't, you don't know your "waifu" at all.
4I wish i could have dreams with my waifu.
6Not having lucid dreams with your waifuStep it out, senpai.
6It's random. Though I find that thinking about her before sleeping tends to raise the odds.Think I'll try that right now...
9I discovered Mai when I saw a page from her manga featuring her get posted on /a/, which prompted me to download and read it. 6She's in love with a guy but they haven't hooked up.0I can't really pick one, but here's one I really like.8No. Luckily all her source material has either been translated or will be translated into English.6She's very caring, so I think that she'd be good at taking care of someone who's ill preparing preparing food or watching over them.
I love my beautiful swimmer. Goodnight
Good night all.
77We are very much in a mutually supportive relationship. Both of us would be a huge mess without the other. I'd probably have to take over the wifely duties in due time however since she's far more likely to have a successful career than I am.2She prefers to solve problems with words, but she can rather enjoy fighting too and won't hesitate to do so. She's easily riled by nefarious types.3Well, I guess she generally isn't often shown to be interested in romance, but she certainly got excited when a mysterious love letter appeared!5Neither of us know what the hell we're doing, but we'd still go for it with gusto! 5She's pretty healthy without having to consciously do very much, her lifestyle is pretty much perfect in that regard. She does love to cut corners on things she doesn't like doing though so she'd probably try bad magazine advice anyway if she thought it'd make her look even better.8I'd like to think so! I'm not particularly experienced but she likes things to be new and exciting and I know the ropes for that kind of thing, if you catch my drift.9Two DS games dedicated just to Heartcatch and I think a couple Precure All-Stars Wii games. I haven't had a chance to play any of them, but I do question whether I'd be able to work out how to play them all.4Probably some silly comedy like The Court Jester starring Danny Kaye. She'd love the scene where he gets stuck in the magnetic suit of armour.8It depends who it is. If it's a close friend she'd likely take it and not say anything since she's used to being the annoying one herself and knows what it feels like. If she's dealing with someone she doesn't know and is sufficiently annoyed she'll completely drown them out until they are not only clear about her feelings on the matter but resigned to stop talking.
9She appeared in some app for an event.4Bad movies.8Probably ignore them.2Almost never.0Somewhere warm and sunny.8Nope.6Take care of me.98Goodnight.
I love her! I lover her so much!
Good morning all.8None of us would have anything beyond theoretical knowledge so there would be quite some fumbling to start with - but she's patient enough to let me learn my thing.4Sci-fi or fantasy, although she would prefer the latter. I'd only stand for action though. God, I love lazy days.8She would outright tell them to stop.9It was a gradual process beginning from watching the source material and seeing her get rekt in the first cour. When she came back in the second, well, I was so glad.6She will never appear in source material again, that much I'm mostly sure; it has moved on. It would be extremely painful, but it would be a guide as to her wants and needs. Apart from that I couldn't say.2Never to other people, although someone I know who has an even higher powerlevel suspects me of it.0It's never possible to choose.2No, but when I do the odd exercise I think of her.I try to be inspired by her, but of late it's been hard.0That would depend on what we want to do. I'm not one for travelling but probably a city with lots of thing to see together if she wants, if not a cruise for relaxing and lewd8She speaks English. Learning to write her name at least.6Be around of course. If I was bellyaching a lot she'd belittle me.01That is very kind of you, 7-san. The smiling one was adorable.
3What a lewd top.I want my waifu to wear one too.
3Good morning!
9What the fuck are you talking about?She might not be introverted as such but is alone more than she is with companions.Before the events of Bleach she hadn't spoken to Renji for 50 years, her brother was always cold to her and she wasn't close to any officers or lieutenants.She's the heir to the Kuchiki clan, most shinigami know her only for that and not for her true self, Kaien was one of the only people who saw her for self and it's one of the reasons she adored him so much.It appears only true circle of friends is Ichigo's group, she doesn't seem to fit in with the lieutenants and officers of the gotei because she never graduated due to Byakuya's influence on top of the Kuckiki clan adoption.If you even watched/read early Bleach you'd realize Rukia had a dilemma when she was met with human feelings these feelings being love, companionship more so than others.Shinigami training and her brother taught her that these emotions are unnecessary, the insecurity and conflict of these feelings is what finally led her to run away after being questioned weather or not she "Liked" Ichigo.While around other Karakura class mates she acts a lot differently putting on a facade to disguise these aspects of herself.Don't tell me I don't know anything you faggot.
9All those fucking typing mistakes.No sleep and getting angry does that shit to you.
6hello friend
95
0I'm sorry.For starters it hasn't been the best of days.Some faggot telling you that you don't love you're waifu on top of 0 hours sleep is going to make any man angry.I'm done venting.
2Good taste OP
2It's fine really.
Waifu's birthday was 4 days agoCelebrated after work by playing Splatoon until almost 5am the next dayI think she'd be proud of me.
0Rented house near sea with private beach. It would be perfect~8No, I'm shit at learning languages.Also it seems a little pointless because the only thing I could use it is to read her untranslated doujins.6She would panic, make me lay in bed all the time and spend all the time with me.89Goodnight.
Whats the hardest challenge you waifus had to face, how did she handle it?Did she come out okay or did she lose something important during the event?
6Objectively, the hardest would be moving out at the age of fifteen, to attend a rather well-known art school. She'd known what to expect, but still, a task like that is a lot for such a young girl!Although she's managed to handle it extraordinarily well, but she'd admit that meeting such wonderful friends there have helped a lot. Still though, my Yunocchi can be surprisingly tough, even if it doesn't show on her!
2
3Morning.6Her training was hard on her.I wouldn't say she came out of it okay because she lost a lot of friends, among other things.
6She got caught meddling in Academy City experiments. It got bad since she lost her freedom, being sold to a dubious group which used her skills for unethical work she didn't believe in. Thankfully, she was eventually was saved by the Railgun four.
3hi Kuromebro
5Hi
Has anyone's waifu ever hurt them?Like done something wrong to you that you didn't expect?
8How can she do something wrong to me if she is not real?Also being in love with a girl who isn't real does hurts, a lot.
I want to tickle my waifu
8Yes, she doesn't exist. Nor will a girl like her ever exist.
9One on the 3DS and one on the Vita. I've no idea on their quality because their chances of leaving Japan is pretty much zero.4For a nice and relaxed Sunday, probably comedy or romance.8Ignore them outright. Possibly shoot them a glare or two if they're really getting on her nerves. If they're really irritating her she might have a few snappy retorts.2With a few other people online, yes. Outside of that, like to other people in person, obviously no. I don't have any close friends that are interested in anime anyway. Both of my sisters have seen my waifu and think she's cute.0This one. It's also the first picture I saw of her, not counting the cover of the LN.2I started working out for my waifu. Haven't joined a gym, mostly just working out at home and jogging around the city. She motivated me to get off my ass and actually do something with my life back when I was just a NEET.8She's not Japanese and can speak English or any other language without issue. Still makes me wish I'd learn the language for other reasons though.0It wouldn't be one specific place. A whole trip around the world, visiting as many exotic locations and seeing as much as possible of what the world has to offer.6Take care of her, obviously! Make sure she gets plenty of bed rest, doesn't strain herself too much, plenty of soup too.Good morning, everybody. Have a wonderful Monday together with your waifu.
dead threaddead waifus
8I don't feel an urge to learn it.6She's taken care of me in the past when I've been bed-ridden. It was pretty cute how concerned she was for me, even though it wasn't that serious. I'm sure she'd do the same if it happens again.8I wouldn't say she's hurt me specifically, but there was the time when she knocked three of her friends over and trashed half her classroom, or when she roundhouse kicked a camera and almost broke it. She didn't really have any malicious intent from doing those things though.If you're waifu were at a concert, what would she rather be doing, performing? Behind the scenes backstage? Or watching the show from the crowd?If Kagura could play an instrument or sing, she'd be up for performing, if not she'd be content cheering and dancing in the crowd.
/ghost/ a shit
6The toughest challenge she had to face was versing the zero model, she handled it rather well and even came out on top in the end. She lost her life at the end of it but wasn't sad about it because she had finally realized why she was always hated and rejected. Through this she broke her karmic cycle and only had a small time left until she fully repaid her karma.3She would love to be up on the stage singing to her hearts content. she absolutely loves singing and loves attention. If only she was as good at singing as she is at getting attention.If your waifu was given three wishes what would she wish for?
3She's very cute and lewd
8I will!3She'd probably prefer to just cheer from the crowd.3Being healthy, her sister being with her again and her friends not being dead.
3Singing obviously.3I think she might wish for something naive like stop all wars etc. She might also want herself, her friends and family to be healthy.She would wish for us to be able to be together too.
Hanging her wall scroll at the foot of my bed was a great idea. I love that she's the first thing I see when I wake up. Only thing better now would be a daki. 6Her hardest challenge was probably balancing her personal life while at the same time improving her skills in her sport and her academic grades. No, she didn't lose everything, she came out on top. 8Apart from me not being able to hug her no. And even then, that's not really her fault. 3I think she would want to be backstage if she were to take part in organizing the concert, and watch from the crowd if she were watching it. She's not really an on stage person. 3Wishing for something is something that is based heavily on a person's current situation, however, I do have an idea of some of the things she might wish for outside of specific needs. She might wish for any three of: health for her and her loved ones, enough money to not have to worry about it, that her romantic relationship is enduring, and/or for her skills to radically improve in swimming to pro levels.
3Most likely watching the show.3At least one wish would be for Janie and Febrie to grow up well-adjusted.
8Even if she had a physical presence, she would never, not intentionally. A relationship with such limitations can definitely hurt at times though, but there's no way I could fault my Yunocchi for me falling in love with her.3As little attention as possible, if she's involved with the show, she'd be backstage, like she did with her class' play! She did almost fell asleep meanwhile though. But other than that, even a noisy crowd might be too much, so we wouldn't go unless the show really interested us.3If she could she'd definitely use one wish for us to be together. But other than that, she's too selfless to use all for herself, so she'd use them for the well-being of her friends, family, and the world.
, 
, 
UBW last episodeLondon Adventureslast minutesuddenly pic relatedPLEASE ufo THERE'S STILL TIME TO FIX THIS
, 
sex scene next week?
6Probably dolphins. They alluded to the dolphins in episode 0.
Dolphins next week?Handholding next week?
1dolphins? is this some epic meme
8how new?
1A nice change up from dragons
4i read the vn already and don't remember thatsorry i'm not up on the epic /a/ memes
8In the original Fate/Stay Night anime adaptation, the Saber/Shirou sex scene was replaced by an odd mana transfer sequence involving dragonsAnd now you know. Good day.
8The H-alt scene from the Realta Nua release had dolphins instead of jackhammering
3yeah i've seen the original anime and the dragonwhere do dolphins come from though2that makes more sense i read the original version
8
33that makes more sense i read the original versionthe RN just replace the sex scene with other bullshitt that created plotholestdlr RN sucks
2i doubt ufotable will sink this low
Preview seemed to hint at it, I really hope Shirou at least gets this part right and doesn't go Rito Yuuki mode.
The classiest way to do it would be for them to kiss next to a bed, and then fade to black. Or If ufo REALLY wanted to push it, they could show them getting dressed in the next morning.It would keep the "spirit" of the scene intact while getting around any broadcast restrictions. Also considering a level of lewd on air these days, there's literally no reason why that cannot be done.
They aren't married, so no.
9They weren't married either, but it was apparently a-ok according to the network...
Yfw we get another CG dragon
63Honestly, the lead up to the dragon scene wasn't that bad had DEEN only known when to stop.
3facebook filenameGet the fuck out.
4Sorry to trigger your autism this hard.
1Dolphins was just DEEN. The RN one had the strange fish.
implying the screen won't fade out as soon as they start kissing
Why do people even believe ufotable has the balls to do sex scenes?
5Because they did a full on rape scene in KnK?
Seriously believing ufotable will do something retarded like dolphinsSeriously believing you will see any nudity
It stopped being good past eps 6. What went wrong? Is the manga also this shitty?
fuck all these new characters, how many more do we have
9It's just ep 7 that's visibly rushed.
53+1 that's not technically new.
5They're planning to introduce all 7 witches and their peons in one cour.
That hairstyle is so fucking retarded
The manga was good for the first 7 witches. After that, it lost any kind of focus, pretty much dropped Shiraishi, and introduced too many generic characters to count.
9ok
Anyone watched the 2nd OVA? it was pretty good
This episode was fucking terrible. What a garbage witch. What a shitty power. What a terrible backstory.
6I'm surprised Shiraishi could pull out a Yamada-in-Shiraishi face.
5Yamada... and seven witches?
9Ito being thrown into the background.
8dropped ShiraishiWhy is it whenever I like the main heroines, it's either "became irrelevant later" or "a pseudo main heroine" always there/highest screen count after MC, always relevant, but not author's OTP
4She's still around, sort of becomes relevant again.
I dropped in the first episode at the faggot kiss anyway. Glad I didn't miss anything.
7Yeah, she's dating Yamada for now, at least, but she's not an active character, more like an occasional plot point.
9cram 95 chapters into 13 tv episodes"what went wrong"
9implying 8 wasn't good
0Actually they are on break, the apple witch has stared trying to get in his pants and she's basically a background character now. I guess the author got bored with her. Whatever, this whole thing got dumb after the first seven and that memory arc.
3They stopped being on break after the spell was lifted off her.
, 
Any one of you fags picked up the third volume yet?
Yen Press translates the Barrett M82A1 as the Bullet M82A1 and translates the Gulf War as the Okinawan War.WTF you doing YP.
2Isn't the gun thing due to trademarks and shit but yeah I'm not sure why they changed the war translation.
Railgun chapter 77 is on batoto now .
Kek
3Busty MikotoAbsolute heresy.
3Accel chapter when?
"Eh? What's the matter, Kami? You're spacin' out, dude. Why ya actin' distant towards me? The summer so hot it wiped your memories or somethin'? "
7Yeah, but haven't got around to reading it yet.
2The translator is a Japanese dude who can't into L/Rs and western culture.
2Aogami knows everything about Touma even the NT 9 shit .
1Is this the explanation for Misaki's upgrade?
3Kuroko shouldn't be this cute damnit
BLAU best boy.
1hope it is not the other definition of bust upper in play, otherwise Frenda 'might' be an entree to a Super main course.
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
2015 Edition
6Nice, I thought I was the only one who's following them.Liking the Arslan Senki OP cover so far. Shame they didn't do Gintama ED though, I was looking forward to that the most.
4such a good showmfw finding out it's based on a shoujo mangaw-well I g-guess I'm not gonna read it then
, 
And now, what would you do in this situation?
9
Pray to shrek to save me from this slut
9Braids are so lovely.
5
9fuck the chained loli
9Chuckle at her attempts. "Did you actually think you could stop me like this?" i close my eyes and flex my muscles, the chains snap into pieces and go rocketing off at the speed of 1000000000000000000000000000miles per hour. "Hmmph, you fool." I teleport behind her and raise my hand up above my head. Space begins to distort and a wicked scythe appears in my hand. "Pshh, nothin personnel, kid." In an attosecond I slash her before she can even realize it then sheath my scythe and walk away. As I walk away her body explodes into a googolplex of black holes.
Is this the same mango where the guy becomes king of the slut island where slaves are sacrificed to keep the sluts eternally young?
0Completely different, holy shit the art isn't even the similar.
Will this become NTR island now that all the dudes are back?
5I read that as "Will this become NTR island now that all the dudes are black?"
1That works too
9But could you beat Unchia Mandala?
0He actually became king of the rape island where everyone uses girls for either prostitution or as backup bodies for reincarnation. 5Nah, if MC chose to he could have them by the balls.
Molest the boy.
St-stop it!Wait!!Not wanting her bully your dickJapan literally does this everytime. Makes me sick.
5MC is the choosen king and he actually has some supernatural rule over them, remember the time he got pissed at the girls.That he just bashed a dude's head open, he isn't gonna NTR'd easy.
5That he just bashed a dude's head openHe got excited over the rape though.This manga is going places.
Reminder that MC enjoys rape and people being killed
You lied to me /a/I thought you were the qt girl.
7Just like a king should
MC keeps asking for his female classmate, given this series' setting she already took 37 dicks in a row by now.
Better not fuck with her, since she already punched the dude who I was chained to so hard he turned into a door.
4That's pretty impressive if you ask me, no wonder he's asking about her.
8Nigga I'd be excited too if I see a hot girl getting fucked.It's not like she was his girlfriend.
4Oh you.
4I think he forgot about her by now
4Nigga if a girl that hot is getting fucked by 37 guys then I want to be number 38.If everyone in a house is eating a delicious pizza but I'm not, I'd be pissed nigga.I want some of that.
0She was technically his sex slave though. Then again, that probably just made it more exciting.
5I hope the brother actually died or at least ends up in a coma. The MC needs to start showing people who's boss.
8it's not bullying if he says yes
90what a faggot
6Herpes is the gift that keeps on giving, so you won't be left out forever. Cheers for becoming number 38.
9stop itWhy is every anime/manga male character gay?
8He asked about her in Chapter 14.
7don't stick your dick in crazy even if its 2D
9I would stop when he says "stop!" of course.Then I would try to figure out a way to explain that I'm not a crazy rapist, and not even that into BDSM, but somehow got the idea that this was one of his kinky fantasies. It is all an innocent misunderstanding.
7He's not that gay, he fucked another girl when it was consensual.This manga is complete shit though. I honestly have no idea what the fuck is going on or who I'm supposed to be rooting for.
7What if there was a manga MC who didn't say no? And so he stuck it in only to find out she was actually some evil demon creature. She ends up stealing his dick and using it to go around fucking bitches. Then the rest of the series is about the MC going on a quest to find his dick.
7The girl that was captured with him at the start? He didn't.
1Ahhh, but that's different, lad.I would love to eat that delicious pizza that 37 other people are eating.But if someone left their hair all over it, then I'm going to have to say no.
Just read current chapter. Holy shit what a fucking irredeemable main character. Will read to fap to in the future but it's a terrible series.
2What if there was a manga MC who didn't say no? And so he stuck it in only to find out she was actually some evil demon creature.Something link this? Too lazy to actually look for the page where she sucks him
2Bravo, you have produced something infinitely more entertaining than all of these pretentious pusswad MCs put together. I would read every chapter and await breathlessly to discover the fate of MC's dick each week, rather than slog through the weak internal monologues of the spiritually dickless MC's.
2What if there was a manga MC who didn't say no? And so he stuck it in only to find out she was actually some evil demon creature.That was literally like the first page of Berserk.
4What's your problem? He took care of things after enjoying himself a little.
implying MC is a fag
2What if there was a manga MC who didn't say no?Then it just turns into hentai. Sex just for the sake of sex is boring unless you're trying to fap.he stuck it in only to find out she was actually some evil demon creature. She ends up stealing his dick and using it to go around fucking bitches. Then the rest of the series is about the MC going on a quest to find his dick.This is a masterpiece of an idea though.
4Oh yea I forgot that MC fucked Scar-chan, He needs to fuck braids though
Gang bang NTR imminent. Also loli sorceress is superior
I just hope it doesn't get axed because the art and the girls makes my dick happy
5MC is implied to be Darth Vader.I would not be surprised if MC starts bending things with his mind.
6but what if somebody jizzed on that pizza?
Not a faggot for long, I hope
0Fucking cuck
0turning down FREE toppingsOnly an idiot would do that.
4not a cuck anon, Hes implied to be quite sadistic.If he lets loose i bet he'd organize a gangbang party
09I don't get these situations. If it's so unconfortable why the hell do they get hard?
4Naw he's just a chokefagDidn't know sadism runs in the family
0I always get hard when uncomfortable or frustrated.
6Dont stick your dick in crazyWe guys never learn.
I want MC to go berserk and rape the blonde chained up girl until she loses consciousness.
9I want him to fuck smoker-chan and the girl who wants him to leave. and after that he leaves the island and start a relationship with a normal girl on the city and live a happy life.He just has to fuck those bitches.Literally and leave
9Loli wants to be fucked so It wouldn't be Raped
92I want him to literally burn the entire island and that tree.
2I think his bloodline might have bad luck with normal girls
There are so many hot girls in the island.Why wouldn't you want to become King?Also, why haven't I seen any old women?
3passed awayit looks more like they left him to me
9Wonder how her hair is doing that
7Nanomachines
read all chapters thanks to this threadhe fucked scar chan and didn't remain loyal to loli princess Haru has actually switched bodies before but can't rememberclass mate is probably being raped by all the guysMC literally smashed the faggots head inThis could be heading places.
9Slip out of the chains, as they apparently are neither tight nor wrapped around me in any way.
9me nothing, but my cock would probably be moving on its own
3Those girls were from the Island
90I'm not a faggot.
0Are you a gurl? An situation like that can pretty easily trigger an erection.
So the MC is some kind of reincarnation or what?
9I'm on ch 6 and it seems so, with that dream and all.
9Lots of hints toward him having the spirit of Ichiro the man in the origin story about the princess.Yoruto could also be a reincarnation of Ichiro's fiance or the real Celestial Princess since she looks a lot like her in the dream sequence.
9I assume he's the Ichirota guy but lacking his memory.
3They're clearly leaving, so I'm not sure why it say "passed away". Unless the drawing are symbolic.
6Seems like it's just a mistranslation after looking at the raw.
Who's Haru again?
6I thought that was scar-chan
6The soul that was supposed to possess Yoruto.
I just want to see her fucked. The other girl he fucked was lackluster and the loli goddess isn't all that much better.
4She will be the climactic fuck
So, about that other girl that came to the island with the MC, she's been already raped into a mind broken dick craving semen demon isn't she?
3Nah she's still pure because the mens were out, now she is probably becoming a semen demon
5You don't see enough of them, anon.
90At least he fucked someone
Look at this top tier slut
The author really has a strangling fetish.
2Sex just for the sake of sex is boringSure, if you're a middle-age man going through a midlife crisis and suffering from low T.
9Find a way to rape her back.
9Guys, I think I might have low testosterone.
90I roll Escape Artist.
8That chart is wrong. High testosterone leads to higher chance of baldness.
What the fuck is she going to do? I have ED around girls because of my anxiety, I'm fucking invincible to her bullshit.
0You sure? I think its the same manga.
5True.
Leave it up to fate.
9God I hate it when this happens. What happened to respecting personal space? Personal space invaders are the worst.
2I know, right?Poor guy was just trying to enjoy his chains in peace
4not wanting to rape guysare you a dyke
9read all chapters because of threadWhat the fuck is this drama bullshit. I want blood and gore dammit.I wanna see MC rip the guys and girls apart with his powers and leave the fucking island like a boss.
3This.
When we will see the best girl again?
What does a deflowered guy smell like?
4Literally last chapter
3She is not naked and sweating therw.
1what if he's actually ichiro but he forced himself to lose memories so he can return to the island?
pretend I don't like a naked girl sucking my penis
2lifting at gymscream YEEART
9I'd cry and close my eyes
9Why is she doing this? Is she a slut?
2I'm a disappointed as you, came here for some edge and it was pretty weak.
9wake up
2Yeah I mean if they were gonna do this bullshit anyway then they shouldn't have done that choking chapter with all those delicious edge faces the MC was making.I could've dropped this sooner then, now I have to continue until I get something in return.
8Personally know an average Japanese guy. They're seriously way too modest over there and don't like sluts, even as girlfriends.As an average american, I too find it disturbing.
0it's cultural differences , maybe that's why sluts there take assholes as their bf because they take initiatives while the nice nip men are too passive
8sluts there take assholes as their bfThat happens as much if not more here in the west than in japan
5I'm gonna do it.I'm gonna post the london meme, and there's not a thing you can do about it.
/fit/ needs to gtfo /a/
2
8Was waiting for the "I'm gay" punchline. Disappointed/10.
7That's a talent, not a throw, you mongrel.
2I fucking wish.Date broLift with broWatch anime with broNever have to deal with bleeding vaginas everIf only life were so simple.
9girls licking up semenPicked the fuck upThe ecchi seems top quality
so unless I am mistaken, the protag likes to watch?He literally has a cuckholding fetish?hmm. that's interestingIt might explain a few things about Ichitakawhatshisname
Y'know how the people on the island get their souls put into babies, do they ever get stuck in the wrong gender 'cause the chick the MC fucked had a line of dialogue that implied she didn't know what girls breasts felt like.
8wrongmore like right
cheating is a man's resourcefulnesstfw you wish in real lifethe princessWould have been so fucking "stuck" on that island
6not not this one baka
HyoukaNot an anime about ice cream.
I've cream thread! Yay!
4This anime is so boring but the soundtrack is Amazing
, 
This is why it's a bad idea to give little girls super advanced technology.
, 

9HYPE HYPE fuck off and kill yourselfalso Ajin went to complete shit after the original writer left.
What?
9Six ? I thought it only gets three.
 HYPE HYPEFuck offRead the first few chapters, the writing is garbage
2you mean it got better
0no, that's not what i meant. i meant it went from being kind of interesting to fucking stupid
3Not him, what happened? I always thought it was some very well liked series. Haven't read it yet.
0This. The original writer was a massive hack, the difference in quality was immense.
6the original writer left for whatever reason to work on something else, so the artist took over. thus the MC promptly went full edgelord, it seemed to have lost any themes it had beforealthough, i suppose they could have come back at later chapters, but i don't give a shit, and everyone generally started acting like an idiot. it seems to have gone more for spectacle rather than any kind of coherent plot.
4It's become a meme where people shit on this manga and cite the writer leaving as evidence. I'm not a big fan of the manga but it's gotten a whole lot better since the artist did the writing for it also.
9your a meme
6The series pulls a complete 180º after the second Volume.More especifically the once caring and idealistic Protagonist is revealed to be a complete sociopath who cares for no one, not even the friend he flat out said it was one of the most important people in his life, MC leaves his "friend" to die on the road, said friend never appears again.The MC being revealed to be a sociopath wouldn't be that bad if with that didn't come his complete and utter lack of panel time, seriously it's like a character simply telling the readers to fuck off while he goes to do his own thing offpanel.Although I must admit the series action scenes got better after the Artist continued by himself.
5The MC's friend is back. He's busting out of prison with a new Ajin kid who has a winged stand.
6Imagine if the MC from a series you like is revealed to be someone completely different he was introduced as.Not someone who was secretly cool, someone who actually was an asshole and a psychopath who didn't give a single fuck about anyone around him.Then he says "Fuck this shit, I'm out", throwing his relevance as a character out of the window.
Really like this manga, I hope they make something good.Also, MC becoming edgy makes sense to me after the week of torture he had to endure.
6Except the Artist wrote him as he being a sociopath since ever, his sister remarks that and the MC's own thoughts reinforced it, the torture just made him stop pretendeding.
Don't know anything about this manga besides this spread. Will there be humanity fuck yeah, high speed, low drag operating moments?
, 
, 
Oh great time to go gay route.
3Is that a toilet?
reading a manga advertisement of a light novelWhy do you people bother doing this?
3reading wall-of-textWhy do you torture yourself?
9If love can start on bed it can star in restroom too.
3Again?
7reading shit that takes a month to come out for 20 pages that will only ever cover the first volume of the LN after a 3 year run and getting cancelled
6No, really. Is that a restroom cubicle, or is that a dressing room? Or something else?
Who cutest Shomin Sample here?
9They are just eating in restroom and meet eachother.Karen is still the cutest though.
3Chapter 40Damn we are far behind
3Sorry but I did not pick red pill so I cannot see thighs through a wall of text.
0
3They become close friends. In fact, they become so friendly with each other that Reiko gets jealous. She uses that to her advantage though by inviting Kimito on a picnic while the other two girls are distracted.
4picking the blue pillever
0
Great, now Miyuki can win da Kimitob owl
3reading an ecchi harem LNI'm pretty pathetic, but i'm not THAT pathetic
6is renzokusei still translating this?
3The manga quality is pretty good.
3Nah. It's more like now Miyuki, Eri and Reiko can win the Kimito. Those are the girls with the highest chances of winning if the Commoner Club agreement wasn't in place.
3It seems the nips have the same opinion.When was the last time a main heroine or first girl was this low in the polls?
0
What's Miyuki's deal anyways? Is the LN even translated?
0I think she was a childhood friend, but a japanese cold erased MC memories of her. She even started to wear maid uniforms, because he liked that. After he regained his memory, she becomes 100% dere.
3Implying she did not rape Kimito already.
0Miyuki is Kimito's non-blood related sister.  When Kimito was young, he met a person who looked exactly like himself. His name was Kazuto.Kazuto came from a rich family and he wanted to be away from his home for a while.Kimito and Kazuto agreed to switch places with each other. Kimito then began to live in Kujyo manor, the home of Kazuto Kujyo.Kimito was caught almost immediately but he was told to keep the act up. While living Kazuto's life, Kimito began to become interested in his sister. Kazuto's sister, named Miyuki, starts off being very cold towards Kimito.Kimito tried his best to be kind and open towards Miyuki but nothing was working.Sometime later though, Kimito discovers that Miyuki was being bullied at her school. Angry that someone was hurting his "little sister" Kimito did everything he could to protect Miyuki. Charmed by how serious Kimito was in protecting her, Miyuki fell deeply in love with him. She notes that Kimito was a better "big brother" than her real one ever was.After the bullying incident was resolved, Kimito and Miyuki became very close with each other.During their time together, Kimito manages to convince Miyuki that maids are awesome, the whole kissing each other before waking up was introduced, and a childhood promise to meet up with each other was made.The reason as to why Kimito can't remember doing any of this with Miyuki was because he lost his memory sometime after he switched back with Kazuto. It's implied that a serious cold that he had when he was younger is the reason for his memory loss.
8Chapter 36 never
8It should be noted though that this is a very condensed summary of what happens in volume 6. A few things are missing like the extent of Miyuki's bullying, more information about Kimito and Kauzto's first meeting, and so on.
Considering that the manga is finally on volume 4 of the light novel, I guess I don't have to wait too long before I can finally see Karen and Kimito almost kiss in manga form.
Did anyone ever get get this Shomin Drama CD translated to English?I can't understand shit and I've only been able to partially translate the spanish on it but just hearing Miyuki's voice is sheer heaven.  dat change in tone when Kimito walks in on her...
65translations will hopefully pick up when the anime airs right?
3So what happened?
5Just picked it up from jcafe, I might do the drama cd translations when I get some free time from university studies.
5How best girl can you get?
A small part from the first track of the CDMiyuki : If Kagurazaka-sama dosen't say it, it won't end. Please in 3 2 1...Kimito : *sniffles*...go..go..macho paradise...Miyuki : Louder voice!Kimito : GO GO MACHO PARADIIISE!!Miyuki : Muscles?Kimito : LOOOVEEE EEEM'!!LN readers does Kimito drop the macho loving facade once Miyuki goes dere?
0Meido of course
Invented new age, avante garde way of speakingHow can Jibril be so based?
4worst giirl fucking traitor bitch
9you're just a steph
This went from a funny lighthearted comedy to a weak drama real quick.
weak dramaNigger I will fight you.
8Fuck off OP, and never come back.
6Stay mad.
You're watching the anime adaption of a manga adaption of a brilliant young adult novel, what do you think was going to happen?
8the manga is better
9The manga is why the anime was so much worse than the book, so your hat meme is meaningless.
Absolutely do not read the manga, it is dogshitIf you want a good experience, read the LN and watch the anime side by sideAlso, the dub is quite better than the sub
2Also, the dub is quite better than the subThe sub may not be good but the Japanese originally dubbing was fantastic. You are missing out on a superior version due to being a massive fucking pleb.
I don't know if "lighthearted" is the word I'd use.
9The manga is slightly better as it doesn't have most of the awful comedy segments added in the anime. But the LN is the real deal with his thoughts spelled out. Lends itself a lot better to the format.
2I watched both the dub and the sub, you autist weebThe dub has a god tier script
2watching the dub of a show of a manga of an LNI think we've reached maximum pleb
0hurr subs are better than dubsI think we've reached maximum autism
9Novel is the best.
4YeahThe manga is so light hearted it feels like a forced comedy manga most of the time
8weak dramaI disagree. I thought that the characters were really likeable, so I actually cared about the drama.2I agree with this guy.Sato and Yamazakis english voice actors were spot on. Felt really natural in a way most dubs don't. checked
4I disagree. I thought that the characters were really likeable, so I actually cared about the drama.Drama should be at least somewhat believable, otherwise it just seems stupid, which was often the case in NHKGroup of suicide attendees Satoru says some stuff wanting to liveNo one wants to kill himself anymore, things turn out good for everyone in the endreally?
8brilliant young adult novelI ran out and bought it the day it came out, finished it that same day, it was pretty damn awful. The show was a lot better. Never read the manga though.
8Memes aside we can all agree that Manga  Anime  LN, right?
I don't get why /a/ loves this anime so fucking much. I wouldn't say it's awful or anything, but it really isn't that good either.
Another retro anime thread? Another retro anime thread.
E V EVEshe died for our sins
6She was perfect ;_;
3She was programmed to be perfect.
7
50
2But this thread is better
9it is.it has Eve AND Madoka
, 
Which Kyoani shows are the most fuckable?Chuuni  Amagi  Lucky Star  Haruhi  Clannad  Kyoukai  the other two Key shows  K-On  Hyouka  whatever else
7dat based chidoriWhy did character designs went shit after 2003?
7I want to do very lewd things to Fuuko between her thigh-highs
7Clannad and whatever was in 2005 had awful character designs/executions.
What the fuck happened in 2005
7I always wondered why Nichijou isn't in this picture.
9More like what happened in 2007?and why is there so much sameface after 2009?
9The Nichijous aren't meant to be fapped to.
2The thread topic has nothing to do with my question
7KnK and UFO. Actually KyoAni really improved their sexual game in recent history.
2implyingnot fapping to Nanoand Mio
9Stop sexualizing the Clannad girls.You really need a starfish.
6You cant stop me. I sexualise what keys I want.
7fmp girls  the newest girls from the last 4 shows that all looked the same  Haruhi girls  chuuni girls  gay free  clannad  air  keion  lucky shit
7不愉快です!
6google and download Tomoyo After
9O-oh my...
9Did it get translated?
Better question which Kyoani show is not fuckable
Chuuni of course. Those wide hips while still being generally petite. I can barely cope she's so good.
Probably Chuunibyou because all the girls have fat asses.
7K-onLucky star
Hyouka = KnK  The rest
72005looks like it has fetal alcohol syndrome
guys onlyHyouka  Free  KnK = Amagi  Tamako  Haruhi = Hibike  the restNishiya makes the most fuckable boys, bless him.
7Why does 2003-2007 look diverse and like they always trying different things whist 2009-2013 all look the same?
5Because they don't want to do different things anymore.
7Amagi  Chuu2  K-ON  Haruhi  KnK  FMP  Tamako  Free  Keyshit  Hibikek
8Yeah, but the art it's questionable. Well anything that Key made before LB EX it's questionable if you aren't used to it.
Their adaption of Air was fucking abysmal with only 12 episodes.Which is a shame, since Air is better than both Kanon and Clannad.
1. Hyouka 2. Amaburi3. Euphonium4. Haruhi5. FMP6. Clannad7. K-On8. Chuunibyou9. Kyoukai no Kanata10. Tamako Market11. Kanon12. Air 13. Lucky Star14. Free15. Munto16. Nichijou
4Free below bugeyes and blobsEven if you don't want to fuck guys they look much better.
Appearantly this is getting a drama CD.when?
, 
What do you think of Berserk?
GRIFFITH DIDNOTHINGWRONG
It's really good.
0Never read it.What's it aboat?
2aboat
2What's it aboat?yes
0pre-boatOne of the best products of entertainment ever produced by humanitypost-boatOne of the best torture devices ever produced by humanity.
0My favorite series, no lie. It's a bittersweet feeling. I love immersing myself in the memory of it and will happily discuss the events of it for hours while posting pages from the manga.I wish we could have at least gotten through the Elfhelm arc so I could see if I was right about Puck playing a major role in the story there. Oh and the Casca question, but mostly Puck.
2Cheeky motherfucker
2aboat
2Same thing HunterxHunter is these days.
shall i get into berserk, that image looks cool
0462 Everybody hates the boat, but had Miura slowed down this much in Vritannis people would be talking about how the port was the worst thing that ever happened. If we had started getting one chapter every other year in the Qliphoth it'd be the cave we hated.Sea God, read all at once, isn't so bad. The most jarring aspect of it is the completely out of place fairy ministory at the height of the finale. That was when I first got the feeling that Miura would rather be writing anything but Berserk.
0If you haven't gotten into berserk yet there are two things you should do.1 Kill yourselfor 2 Shut up and start reading the manga
New chapter when?
0Go for it, but get the manga from bakabt. Do not bother with the anime or movies. They are an insult to the manga.
4I completely agree with you. It isn't that the content of what is produced during the boat-era is bad. It just that the release dates slowed down to the point that the boat era has lasted for 5-8 years? How long as we up to now?
5How long are we up to now?*
9Whenever Miura feels like it/absolutely has to. It feels like he tries to produce the bare minimum that he can get away with these days. No one knows when the next chapter will be released. It could be a few months or it could be over a year.
5has lastedThe boat age will not end.
0Great storyAmazing art directionExcellent MC with a justified darker sideAbsolutely no highschool setting1/10
i'm just waiting for the Author to die at this point
4People also forget that Guts magical boat tour is told alongside Griffiths final battle with Ganishka
2no one cares about Griffith though.
0Fuck you OP. Fuck you for starting the same fucking thread that every newfag that just now started reading a manga that is decades old as if there's anything to even talk about that hasn't already been said a million times already. Hey, when you get to reading vinland saga, don't make a fucking thread about it with that fucking page from the first chapter as the OP.
9I care. I am not so pitiful as to allow myself to be so angry with a fictional character that I cannot appreciate a good story being told to me. The rise of Griffith as the messiah and his new Band, human and apostle fighting side by side, Ganishka bringing forth armageddon; it was a wonderful story and visually stunning. Once again, the only thing wrong with it was the massive delay between chapter releases. I can understand people not being able to appreciate if only because of that.
0 Calm down. Quit sperging out for fucks sake, hide the thread and go discuss some other bullshit that came out yesterday. I'm always down for discussing Berserk, no one is forcing you to. Shoo.
8I was saying nobody enjoyed this
7Nobody is a badass.
3My godIts like you are from /a/
6How about you stop wasting space?But here's a legitimate demand: read at least 50 manga before you make a thread again. At least don't rave about how your first seinen experience was so epic. Everyone's read this, and the only people still hyped about it are stupid newfags like yourself.
OP image gave me a thought. It would be kind of rad if Guts had to go through a boss rush of Apostles whenever he finally gets to wherever Griffith is and has to actually read Griffith.
3That seems to be where things were headed. Guts would eventually have reason to storm Falconia while fighting waves of human and apostle guards, with him being seen as the monster. I was thinking he'd have killed at least a few of Griffith's top knights by then. Probably Irvine and Locus. I imagine his rematch with Grunbeld will be saved for later, and he'll fight Zodd again just before facing reincarnated Griffith.
3What? No moe? Fucking dropped.
1Berserk has had moe since before people started complaining about too much moe in Berserk.
1
0It's really good. Unlike what seems to be the majority of people on /a/, I don't think it dropped in quality at all, and I don't think the Golden Age arc is the best. The art is gorgeous, the characters are well developed and believable, the fight scenes are outstanding, it's a manga I believe everyone should read.
Finally got around to the third movie yesterday, was actually pretty damn good. Watching that rape scene made me wonder though: since its clear Guts finished in Casca as well when they had sex, is it possible the demon seed she gives birth to is really his? Maybe half Griffith's since he's a demon king and whatnot? Always wondered why the kid protected Gut's when he showed up out of the blue, aside from also saving Casca in the process.
18Yes, yet another thing made far more clear in the manga. It's explained by Skull Knight in v13 I think. Or maybe v14. Somewhere thereabouts.
3I think skeleton knight will get zodd.
8So is that guts kid? Guts kid became apart of that eggs dream and that eggs dream is the new world. I dont fully buy that its the fairy king.
8The kid is Guts'. He'd have no reason to follow him around otherwise.
1
4there's a theory that's actually well documented that Guts' kid manifests through Griffith's body
1Schierke really did provide the best source of moe though. Especially bullied Schierke.
3I saw that before, its why he saved casca. Yet why is he just bound to griffith? It might actually be bound to griffith but it has enough power to wander during the full moon.
5I like how it went completely comedy in that page and then went back to its regular style the next page.
Im almost done, on ~27ish. I'd seen the rape scene before, but damn. Fuck Griffth. For real.
0
0he is bound to griffith because his body was used as Griffith's vessel in his resurrection in the Mozgus Arc
4Yes, it is definitely Casca's child. As Skull Knight explains on this page, Casca had recently gotten pregnant before she had sex with the Godhand Femto, and her relations with the Godhand corrupted the unborn fetus.
9I thought it was Guts's kid
6Are you dense or something ? It is Guts' and Casca's child
9Im not denying that lump of flesh was his kid, im saying that child who they found twice on the full moon is their kid. Also I think he can leave griffith on the full moon since they say thats when spirits get stronger, so maybe the kid gets some of himself back.
1That happens a lot.6You mean volume 27? You're still a ways off from where the manga is stuck. Still a good 10 volumes off. Also who did Griffith rape in v27? That'd be uh, around the time of the assault on the Spirit Tree I think.
The hand of man is no match for those things.Be not rash!
2I misread. I knew it was Casca's obvioulsly3Nah I was reffering to Casca's rape way back when. Right now I'm at the part right after Guts uses the Berserker armor
6His body was absorbed into Femto's vessel. The main component of the reincarnated Griffith was the Egg Apostle. Even Griffith acknowledges that Guts' kid was an unintended side effect.4Moon unit may or may not be lil' Geetus in a new form. It was also speculated by Schierke that moonboy might be Hanafubuku, the elvenking, taking the form of a child to get a feel for Guts and Casca before they show up at his doorstep.
0It's pretty good. Way overrated by its fans though
I completely forgot this series exists to be honest. The current hiatus is just too fucking long.
0
0I think i lost interest when it turned into FF and Puck started making star wars jokesA shame because everything up until the end of the conviction arc was really great
9conviction arcgreat
2But here's a legitimate demand: read at least 50 manga before you make a thread againbut i dont want to end up like you
2It's best not to engage the autist.
Erica is cute. She gonn die.
1actually, I only half mean itWhat does that mean?
7It meant he was conflicted, that's all.Erica was begging him to live at their place with Casca and just be one big happy family. No more monsters or revenge, just a nice quiet life out in the middle of nowhere.Guts agreed to it, and Puck asked if he was sure he could promise her that. He said he wasn't sure, mainly because he'd just seen Femto's advent into the mortal realm.Here's the next page.
7Maybe the ''treat her will'' bit.
3and the page after.
9Didn't he rape a woman?
1No, that's not what he was referring to.3Here's his decision practically being made for him. It ends with the sanctuary destroyed and Puck leading Guts and Casca to Elfhelm.
2Yes he did. He also killed a number of people. Some of whom deserved it, others did not.
6Yeah thanks for posting. Has been a long time since my last reread, now I remember the scene.
2Right in front of Guts
3No problem!
8Didn't the Skull Knight stated that the kid was indeed Guts' son?
6Well, yes and no. He confirmed that Casca was with child when Femto raped her, and since she'd only just lost her virginity to Guts several days before that event, it doesn't take a super sleuth to figure out who the father was. Skull Knight however had no way of knowing that, so he never outright said it was Guts' kid, just that it was definitely Casca's.Well I guess the movie version of Skull Knight would know, since apparently he was just chilling in the background watching Guts and Casca fuck before they went to rescue Griffith from the Tower of Rebirth.
0I think Miura needs to hurry the fuck up and finish this shit so he can draw the Idolm@ster manga he always dreamed of.
6Oh shit you guys are talking about moon boy again. Then no, he never said anything remotely resembling that. Skull Knight was gone before that kid even showed up on the beach.
5Why is Skull Knight so fucking cool, yo.
3How in the fuck can people even think moon boy is anything other than king of the elves/his avatar?
2He's the Morgan Freeman of Berserk. He shows up out of nowhere to explain the plot.
1why would the elf king have a shota avatarthen again why not
2Implying that's wrong
Griffith managed to have a child with GutsBet he's feeling real proud.
1Well, a lot of people who've been keeping up with the series since before moon boy's first appearance have been speculating that the boy must be Guts' corrupted baby. Guts and Casca's child hasn't been seen since it integrated with Femto's vessel at the end of the Tower of Conviction. When moon boy appeared, it was heavily implied to have a strong connection with Guts and Casca. Characters in-universe even said that the three of them "looked like a family."From there it was pretty much carved into people's minds that the child MUST be Guts and Casca's kid. Every time it showed up and clung to Casca reinforced that notion, because no one ever imagined it could be anything else. It was only recently in the plot that Schierke flat out stated an alternative possibility, that it could be the Elf King getting close to the branded and observing their interactions.
6No one said that.
1Oh yeah don't get me wrong when I was reading it my first thought was that it was Casca and Guts' baby but now? They're probably the same people that think the veins across the moon are Guts going blind.
1I have someone betting their entire Berserk collection that she won't die.She's going to die within the walls of Falconia.Once she dies, Rickert will know the pain Guts felt as he sees her being sacrificed in a makeshift Eclipse in a hidden section of Falconia,
1You know, I never once questioned this but how the fuck does Skull Knight even know that Guts was born from a corpse?Like really, how the fuck does he know that?
1LAWS OF CAUSALITY, PREDEFINED FATESOr something along those lines.
1And the fact that the astral projection of the boy seemed to show Griffith's hair implies this even more.
9A MMORPG nerdSwordsman
1It still doesn't explain how the fuck he knew where and in what condition Guts was born in.There's no way he could have known.
1Yeah, what 1 said. THEY ARE WITHIN THE REASON OF TIME or some other cryptic bullshit.
0Its great until you get caught up.Then you suffer endlessly.
5Next you're going to tell me that Zodd being seen on the cliff implies even more. Either Schierke is right or she's wrong, I don't presume to know either way.
9No...?
7Yes, no, maybe...?
2she liked it though
8Who knows?Maybe only IoE knows.
5But it doesn't?6There are people fated for greatness that much is obvious wouldn't be too much of a reach to think skull knight would check out "the struggler"Time and time again fate always decides to shit things up. Best just think of it he knows cos he knows
4No. Hasn't Guts suffered enough without having to worry if his babe actually liked getting Femtoed? The answer is no.
You know how Band of the Hawk has a weird way of translating Berserk character names?They refuse to romanize a couple of them, making the naming scheme inconsistent.The reason for this is a lost chapter from arc 1.Finding details about this missing chapter is difficult, no one who was working on the manga at the time likes to talk about it. From what has been pieced together, the lost chapter was written entirely by Kentaro Miura. During production of the black swordsman arc, Miura started to act strangely. He was very quiet, spent all his time watching niconico videos. Mentioning this to anyone who was present results in them getting very angry, and forbidding you to ever mention nicodouga to Miura.I first heard of it at an event where Yoshihiro Togashi was speaking. Someone in the crowd asked about the next Dragon Quest release, and Togashi simply left the stage, ending the presentation hours early. The chapter's production number was P1SSL0L1, the title was Ded Gattsu. The series labeled P1SSL0L1, Gigantomakhia, was made later and given Dead Gattsu's production code to hide the latter's existence.In addition to getting angry, asking anyone who was on the manga about niconico will cause them to do everything they can to stop you from directly communicating with Kentaro Miura. At an iDOLM@STER event, I managed to follow him after he bought a Chihaya pillow, and eventually had a chance to talk to him alone as he was leaving the building. He didn't seem upset that I had followed him, probably expected a typical encounter through causality. When I mentioned the lost chapter though, all color drained from his face and he started trembling. When I asked him if he could tell me any details, he sounded like he was on the verge of tears. He grabbed a piece of paper, wrote something on it, and handed it to me. He begged me never to mention the chapter again.
5The piece of paper had a website address on it, I would rather not say what it was, for reasons you'll see in a second. I entered the address into my browser, and I came to a site that was completely black, except for a line of yellow text, a download link. I clicked on it, and a file started downloading. Once the file was downloaded, my computer went crazy, it was the worst scan quality I had ever seen. Closing windows image viewer didn't work, the entire computer had to be rebooted. Before doing this though, I copied the file onto a CD. I tried to open it on my now empty computer, and as I suspected, there were some chapters of Berserk on it.The first chapter started off like any other chapter, but had very poor quality contrast settings. If you've seen the original Duwnag scans for JoJo, it was similar, but less stable. The first chapter was fairly normal, but the way the characters acted was a little off. Puck seemed irrelevant, Casca seemed retarded, Guts seemed to have genuine anger and hatred for what he referred to as 'faggot ass monsters'.The chapter was about Guts' party going on a boat trip. Near the end of the first act, the boat was sailing off. Puck was fooling around, as you'd expect. However, as the boat was about 500 pages in, Guts broke a rib on the boat and the translated text began.At the beginning of the series, Band of The Hawk had an idea that the drawing style of the Berserk world represented Japan, and that japanese names turned things more realistic. This was used in this episode. The name of Guts was barely recognizable, they took full advantage of the readers not speaking moonrunes, and made up an almost plausible translation of the chapter.
8The anime is really good, fag.That ending tho...
4Chapter one ended with a shot of Guts' bag. When chapter two started, Farnese, Schierke, and Casca were sitting at the restroom, bathing. The nudity went on and on, it got more shaded, and looked more realistic, better drawings than you would think possible. The shading started to improve even more as they showed Schierke butt shots, and you could hear Miura fapping in the background. The characters tits could barely be made out, they were stretching and blurring, they looked like bags of sand with a lot of crosshatch-shading thrown on them.There were Isidro and Puck faces looking in the window, flashing in and out so you were never sure they were looking.This fanservice went on for all of chapter two.Chapter three opened with a title card saying one year had passed since the release of the previous chapter. Farnese, Casca, and Schierke were still bathing at the restroom. There was no sign of Griffith or the plot.They decided to visit Guts' bed. The boat was completely deserted, and as they walked to the bedroom the backgrounds became more and more detailed. They all looked detailed. When they got to the bed, Guts' body was just lying in front of his pillow, looking just like it did at the end of chapter one.Guts' harem started undressing again. Eventually they stopped, and just stared at Guts body. The camera zoomed in on Guts face. According to summaries, Guts shows his sword at this part, but it isn't visible in the version I saw, you can tell it's too big, too thick and too heavy to be a sword.The view zoomed out as the chapter came to a close. The comments page in the end had the names of every Berserk chapter on them. Some that no one had heard of in 1990, some that haven't been on the series yet. Some of them had release dates on them.
3Hahahaha, nice one.
1For chapters who were released since, like Fantasia:Pandaemonium and Golden Age:Donovan's Wild Ride, the dates were when they would be released. The credits said 'See you next time', and seemed handwritten. The final image was Guts and Griffith, like in the covers, but translated like 'Gattsu' and 'Griffisu'.A thought occurred to me after seeing the chapters for the first time, you could try to use the credits page to predict the release of new Berserk chapters, but there's something odd about most of the ones who haven't been released yet.None of them have any listed date.
8Its Gut's and Casca's son corrupted by Griffith "evil seed".You could say it's the son of the three of them.
9There are people fated for greatnessYes yes, that's nice but how the fuck does Skull Knight know who is fated for greatness and how does he know how Guts was born?
4I just know, this is all part of a plan far beyond your comprehension.Skull Knight proceeds to walk away
Do you think Guts is an interesting character?
4The same way the crimson Behlit knew to go for Griffith. The same way the 4 god hand knew about the eclipse.Fate man, ain't gotta explain shit.
8I personally don't like the rape scene in the 3rd movie. People always mistake it for how Griffith felt when it differs so much from the manga.In the movie and anime, Griffith fucks Casca but barely move, he only stares at Guts with a ''what the fuck are you going to do about it faggot'' face.In the manga, he's all over her, kissing her, fucking her in multiple positions and being passionate about it. It's rape but Griffith sure as fuck isn't being passive about fucking Casca.To me, the manga seems more like a bitch to Guts because Griffith is going all the way with his woman in every possible way.In the anime and movie he's just, well, fucking her without even moving. It's not as bad.Because of the anime and movie, people seem to think that Griffith's primary reason for fucking Casca wasn't just to fuck her because he could like he probably always wanted to do but couldn't but because he was just angry at Guts.
4The fairy ministory is much better than the boat, though, which really hurts it if you read them together.
1Yeah but the Crimson Behelit is like God marking you. It's how Zodd knew that Griffith was marked and fated.Guts has no mark.And really, even if Guts was marked for greatness somehow, it still doesn't explain how the fuck Skull Knight knew how Guts was born.
8If he'd always wanted to fuck her, he could have done it.
3Maybe he's Gut's father.Or maybe he's Guts, from the future.
0I think so. I love the whole thing of getting two volumes introducing him, then going way, WAY back to show why he was a dick. I also like his conflicting emotions towards Casca, and his motivation for hunting down Femto is good for me. Even more, I like how around the Spirit Tree arc he starts to feel better his companions, even Puck
4Did Skull Knight fuck his mother with his bony boner?Hue hue hue.
3One of the most depressing stories by far3Look at it this way, everyone says how being born from a corpse is an omen. Skull knight might have seen or heard of the omen hence the whole "struggler" thing.
7No, he couldn't.Casca always wanted a relationship with Griffith and he purposefully chose not to give too much attention to her because it would complicate matters.By having Casca fawn over him, it would make her loyal to him. He could always depend on Casca wanting to be loved for her to remain loyal. However, to me, if Griffith actually formed a relationship with him, it would have made her slightly less useful. Also, Griffith was aiming for the top, meaning he had to remain open and be for the princess when the time was right.He could never have a fling with Casca.But now that Casca was worthless to him in every way, Griffith chose that moment to unleash his sexual urges and rape Casca however he probably wanted.This is why in the manga, Griffith is all over Casca when he's fucking her.But in the anime and movie, it's a bore in how he fucks her.
5That's definitely a unique view of things.
5This is why in the manga, Griffith is all over Casca when he's fucking her.But in the anime and movie, it's a bore in how he fucks her.Jesus Christ or maybe it's because they didn't want to show passionate rape scenes on TV, this shit is as bad as Dark Souls lore threads.
5Personally I lean more towards the notion that Griffith raped Casca to get back at Guts
5on TVNo excuse for why they didn't show it in the movie.
9Oh, don't worry, Griffith raping Casca to get back at Gus was also one of the reasons.One of the last things Guts saw with his dead eye was Griffith staring at him with that ''what the fuck are you going to do about it faggot''.I just don't like that that face is what Griffith showed Guts the entire time while he was raping Casca.He fucked Casca completely and then looked at Guts just to twist the blade further.
9That's exactly what he did. He wanted Guts to suffer more before he was killed. Lady god hand even says the more he struggles and the angrier he is the more worth he is as a sacrifice. There was no "Passion" in it from what I saw.
1Exactly, there is no passion in the anime and movie.I can excuse the anime since it had a shit budget but the movie had no excuse.
Has it been a year since the last chapter yet?What's the longest hiatus so far? I think it was the stretch we had right before the chapter of Falconia's big reveal. That was like two years.
8No I meant there's no passion in the manga it is literally a "fuck you" to Guts. It's not because he loved Casca. You're head canoning pretty hard there's nothing to show he ever had romantic feelings for Casca
3I disagree.
Griffith has a bad habit of thinking about Guts during sex.
2Are you kidding?Griffith is fucking her like fuck.Go read the manga again. Especially that part.Though maybe our definition of passionate differs.You're head canoning pretty hard there's nothing to show he ever had romantic feelings for CascaI never said he had romantic feelings, I said he couldn't show if he had any. He probably had sexual urges to fuck her but couldn't because it would complicate things. And not fucking her would keep her loyal.So once he sacrificed her, he could do whatever he wanted with her.The problem I have is that the anime and movie don't show him unleashing his urges. He's just standing still while looking at Guts.
4Isn't it heavily implied that the one king from the buried ancient city that the Godhand ended up as Skull Knight?
8Yes.It's implied over and over.
There is only one person Griffith really wanted to fuck.And that's Guts.
people always say berserk is entry level manga. so what's on the opposite end of entry level?
3Fuck did Guts remember to turn the stove off? I bet he didn't. I swear if he burns my White Hawk pjs I'm fucking Casca. Shit better finish in this 17 year old girl fast.
4An obscure manga that no one reads but is still well known and liked?I guess the opposite end of entry level is something that hasn't been translated.
ALL THIS UNBROKEN EYE CONTACT
3That's actually a myth. He spent more times looking at Casca than at Guts. Count the panels and you'll see.
3Except the times where he's clearly not only looking at him.
The NTR readings are off the charts. It there were a scouter that read cuck levels, it would explode right off our heads.
7At least I got Hawk backing me up.7She wasn't stolen nor did she love Griffith back.She purposefully went mind broken because she couldn't deal with it. If it were NTR, she wouldn't have had her mind broken.
71Relax, up until that panel he hadn't broken eye contact even once for like, four pages. Even I don't want to argue whether Griffith was in love with Casca with you people.Slan is about to break down and start straight up masturbating any second by the looks of it on this page.
Griffith was a homo
4I can't imagine Griffith's joy at seeing Guts cut open his arm.It's not every day you see the person who fucked you over cut himself up.
2He only ever fucked girls for pleasure. Doesn't seem very homo to me.
1That sex scene was pretty passionate.Must have been very enjoyable for the princess.
1Come to think of it, can Griffith having sex with Charlotte be considered rape?I mean, she did she 'no'.
2No. He does force himself onto her at first so there is a bit dubious consent, but once they start kissing and he starts feeling her up she gets into it.
8not liking the anime
6Obviously.2It wasn't rape, because you can consent through other means than just words. She just said "no" because she was surprised and nervous, not because she wasn't consenting.
0Fair enough, but I doubt Femto made that distinction.Also apparently one of Femto's powers is that he never has to blink. Every single one of these panels his eyes are open as wide as they can get. It's creeping me out more than the diligent demonic dicking being doled out.1I've always thought it was more about power and control. Charlotte was when he was frustrated at losing control of the Guts situation, Casca was taking it back. He also tried pitifully to bang Casca right before the eclipse after staring helpless at Guts and Casca's budding romance for a while.
0I think this meme about dying before the manga ends might actually become legit.Fuck you Miura.
1That scene Griffith was in complete emotional turmoil, it might have been an enjoyable physical release for him in the moment, but he didn't fuck her out of lust or passion.
2Ooooh shit, here we go! And with !Hawk here, as well? Well, at least it's a point we agree on. I don't know if it was rape in the strictest sense of the word, but I believe if you were to have asked Charlotte about it the next day she wouldn't have called it that. I think she was wary, but not vehemently against it, and eventually gave in and just rolled with it. It was a sort of tacit consent.
6Also apparently one of Femto's powers is that he never has to blink.How often do you see people blink in a manga?I've always thought it was more about power and control.That's just another myth started and repeated in Berserk threads. Yeah, he probably wouldn't have done it so early if it wasn't for losing to Guts, but he didn't do it for power. There were hundreds of other ways through which he could have asserted power instead, since he had his own army and was a duke. 1but he didn't fuck her out of lust or passion.He did. It's obvious, because there was a huge amount of people of both gender he could have fucked in the city, and yet he went for Charlotte. This is because he genuinely loved in his way. He even expresses it further in the sewers later on.
8It wasn't rape, because you can consent through other means than just words.Bravo Hawk.Glad to see you have a cool head about things.At least a lot more than idiots who say a girl saying 'no' is the end of the discussion and that's that.
8t wasn't rape, because you can consent through other means than just words. She just said "no" because she was surprised and nervousIts sad that you actually believe this.
I swear Miura draws dicks first and then decides which monster would go well with it before drawing the monster
8How often do you see someone's eyes remain THIS wide for a over a chapter?And he did it to regain a sense of control that he'd recently lost. Of all the hundreds of ways he chose that one because he wasn't thinking straight. You saw how he was obsessing over Guts during that scene. Did he really look happy to you? The man was frustrated more than horny. He wanted to take something and make it his.8He did. It's obvious, because there was a huge amount of people of both gender he could have fucked in the city, and yet he went for CharlotteIf he just wanted to bust a nut there were others ways to do it. If he just wanted to tell Charlotte he loved her there were other ways to do it. Your interpretation of Griffith as a character is especially flawed in this case. He wanted to "take" the princess. Taking Casca or some random slut wasn't enough after losing Guts. He needed to establish dominance in a big way, and fucking the princess of the entire realm was that way. And even in the midst of that he couldn't get over losing control to Guts.I'm glad we can at least agree it wasn't lust that drove him to think of Guts while fucking Charlotte, but to ignore that obvious obsession and frustration in favor of just wanting warm fuzzies to cuddle up to is ridiculous.
9I think Skeleton Knight will "strike down Void" just as his fate has told him and then die to someone. Guts will finish off the rest of them.
Does Berserk get really good at a specifik point? I know it's impatient of me to give up so early but I'm at the part in the beginning where Guts is going to kill the big fat king possessed by a demon and I'm kinda bored
6I've always thought it was more about power and controlThat's because you're sensible and not a Griffith fanboy unlike a certain tripfag Griffith apologist8yet he went for CharlotteBecause he wanted to feel in control after he'd lost GutsHoly shit
1sadFuck off tumblr.Feminist who go up in arms about this rape epidemic who have the solution of simply 'respecting' I agree very much with Camille Paglia in her views on this topic.is actually correct in this case.A girl simply saying no doesn't make it the nail in the coffin in terms of what she means.Does it mean that women should be ignored whenever they say no and to simply keep going? No, but saying that a girl saying no equates to rape is ludicrous.
6Femto just fucked her hard.Just look at Casca as he cups her breast and puts his finger in her mouth.
7He needed to establish dominance in a big way,And its interesting he did that, cause I think Griffith knew the risk he was taking going ahead and fucking Charlotte then and there. The chances were too high of him getting caught, he wasn't even shocked when he was arrested the next morning.After losing to Guts, he seemed to have been like, walking blindly. He needed some instant gratification that he was still in POWER but was willing to risk everything he'd gained up until that point cause he was that upset at losing Guts.
4even void looks like hes smilinggodhand just having a grand old time
considering that witcher 3 has topped the sales charts in japan, what are chances miura will get some inspiration to start drawing again?someone else gets inspired to do a fantasy manga with gorey violence and dark themes based on medieval europe
8get goodDecide for yourself
4They're pretty silly.1Why would I not believe this? She loved Griffith a lot both before and after the sex, and she looked happy it happened.7How often do you see someone's eyes remain THIS wide for a over a chapter?Often.If he just wanted to bust a nut there were others ways to do it.That's exactly what I'm saying. He didn't want to fuck just anybody, he wanted Charlotte. We disagree as to why, and, unfortunately, I don't think it's possible for either of us to prove who's right on this, because it's left ambiguous.And even in the midst of that he couldn't get over losing control to Guts.I wish you people would stop reducing everything Griffith feels to "control", though. Yes, he loves power, but that doesn't mean it's everything he cares about. Couldn't he have also been sad about losing his best friend? Because remember he genuinely liked him as well. Guts was a friend, not just a pawn.
8he wasn't even shocked when he was arrested the next morning.Actually, he was. Notice his eye in that left panel.
4Perhaps a bit then, but he resigns himself quickly to the fact he ruined everything.Griffith did everything wrong.
0Not arguing with you, but looks like it turned out alright for him in the long run
1I wish you people would stop reducing everything Griffith feels to "control"I quote "If I can't keep him here it doesn't matter if he kills Guts"Yeah sure isn't about control at all.
4He said that as he was doing his best to come up with a plan that would just wound him rather than kill him.
0Yeah this is going to go way downhill, isn't it? Once someone brings up the definitions of rape in these threads all hell breaks loose.8Yeah, I don't think Griffith was thinking straight at the time. If he were calculating risk and planning ahead, he wouldn't have gotten caught like some dumb ass horny teenager stumbling out of a dormitory at five in the morning with a hangover. He was just really fucking pissed about Guts ditching him and showing him up in the process, so he had to conquer something quick and fuck the consequences.1Often.Okay.1I wish you people would stop reducing everything Griffith feels to "control", though.It's one of his defining character traits from the second he was formally introduced. Why would I ignore the theme of the character? And in favor of what, his deep heartfelt love for Princess Charlotte? Dude, come on. I just feel like if he were just depressed and lovelorn he'd have hung out with his Band of the Hawk, because that's where I think his heart truly was. I really, truly believe there was more anger in his heart than love when he approached Charlotte.
5He says that after, he doesn't care if he kills him as long as he stays. Controlling as fuck.
8best guts
5Yeah and on the next page he basically says, "Fuck it, if I can't keep him killing him is fine."So yes, he didn't want to kill Guts, but if it came down to either Guts leaving him or Guts dying, he was willing to choose Guts dying. So what that anon said isn't contradicted by that page.
waiting 40 years and 300 volumes to experience a retread of devilman that will never conclude
5Bitch are you still alive? Go and die you fucking landwhale.
8Of course it's one of his defining traits. Nobody says otherwise. All I'm saying is that it's not the ONLY thing that motivates all his actions. Is that really unreasonable? Or does he just have to be a one-dimensional character?And yes, I firmly believe he loved Charlotte, though he wasn't necessarily madly in love either.44It doesn't change the fact that he was still trying to avoid his death, which is a pretty obvious sign that he cared about him, since Guts was just trying to desert right there, which is normally dealt with by death penalty.
4Haha, that face whenfuck I forgot this royal palace had royal palace guards!2Get out of here Hillary you don't know how much this retread of devilman means to me. 300 volumesNot gonna lie, I'd read every single one.
3Trying to desertThey're a mercenary band. I suggest you read the chapter again to find out the reason they're even having that "fight"
9Miura has become a slob anon, fuck him3Kill yourself you fat ass piece of shit.
3Or does he just have to be a one-dimensional character?He's far from one-dimensional but that is his main theme, and he sticks to it pretty hard by my reckoning.And that anon never said he didn't care about Guts, just that he cared about being in possession of Guts more than he cared about Guts' well being. Which is plainly true based on that exchange. It's a matter of priorities, it doesn't have to be either or.
3I firmly believe he loved CharlotteI don't think he really loves her. Does he enjoy her company and like her? Sure, but I can't believe he truly loved her. What makes you think that? And post-Eclipse Griffith isn't even able to feel real emotions anymore aside from the random instances because of the fetus
1They were knighted before that. Don't you remember the scene where Guts and Corkus were getting drunk and talking about how far they'd come? The Hawk Soldiers were no longer a ragtag band of mercs. After the Battle of Doldrey they were legit nobility serving directly under a Count as Knights of the Order of the White Phoenix. Fucking swag ass title, if I do say so myself.So yeah, they were regular army by then and rules of desertion should apply.
9fuck off you and go back drinking his cum, you worthless apologist
8I should add that yes I know that had nothing to do with their fight. I was just saying. They weren't just sellswords anymore.
8Read the chapterJudeau makes a specific mention of it
man threads were a lot better when hawk wasnt arround, its alwaysgriffith had a reason to do everything he did, and he's never wrong and every one else israping casca wasnt wrong, she wanted guys!it was guts fault what happend to the band of the hawks, even if griffith was the one acting like a fucking child.shit man can you not suck so much fictional dick please? or at least go away for another couple of months
9I shall do just that. 1More moe for you, while I'm looking for this.
1They weren't a mercenary band anymore at this point of the story. Griffith was a vassal of the king, a count to be specific, and all his soldiers were officially knights.9I'm underweight.2just that he cared about being in possession of Guts more than he cared about Guts' well being.Debatable.Which is plainly true based on that exchangeEmotions make people do things that they wouldn't normally do. I think that if Guts had just calmly and respectfully asked Griffith do be dismissed, then Griffith would have agreed to let him go. But Guts didn't do that. He tried to sneak away in the night instead, which is treason. It's normal that Griffith was mad.5I think that because he specifically went to fuck her, looked devastated when she got shot with a poisonous dart, and because he swore to her he would come to get her back.1I already went away for a couple of months. Isn't that enough?
5I want old Casca back...
0What do I think of it: Wow this manga is amazing! I can't wait for a new chapter to come out! 1 year later: I don't get what is happening, why do the chapters take so long to come out?
4That scene where she gets on the horse after sweet Guts-lovin'
3I already went away for a couple of months. Isn't that enough?not at all, why dont you go to reddit?that place seems like a better place for you you are the most insuferable person that i have ever had the misery to know.
4not at all, why dont you go to reddit?I don't like Reddit's userbase and I hate its design.you are the most insuferable person that i have ever had the misery to know.Why do you say that?
3I think that because he specifically went to fuck her, looked devastated when she got shot with a poisonous dart, and because he swore to her he would come to get her back.It seems Griffith not only manipulated Charlotte's affections, but yours as well. He was playing her to get her to fall in love with him, it was all part of his plan.
9Oh shit, so it hadn't happened yet by the time Guts left? The King states here that they'd be knighted in two days from the time of the statement and that same night the Queen got roasted. Still looking for the part where Judeau says something at the bar.
3Yh rly
4Forgot my pic.4Oh, that's what he said? Guess old habits die hard, knighted or not.
94Yeah, what a surprise that Hawk is wrong again?
Berserk is for yaoi-fags, pedophiles and pederasts.
445They were already made part of the regular army before that ceremony. Knights or no, Griffith was vassal of the king, and his soldiers were actual soldiers, not just mercenaries anymore.
3Emotions make people do things that they wouldn't normally do. I think that if Guts had just calmly and respectfully asked Griffith do be dismissed, then Griffith would have agreed to let him go. But Guts didn't do that. He tried to sneak away in the night instead, which is treason. It's normal that Griffith was mad.you can be this dense, its obvious that even if guts would ask griffith permision the same thing would had happend, the only reason the band of the hawk got where it got was partially for guts, and griffith knew this, he knew that if he let guts go they wouldnt make it much further, that and guts was becoming a legend among mens,more that griffith,casca fell in love with guts and got over griffith,guts team wanted to go with him insted of griffith, the only reason they werent there the moment griffith and guts fought was because they didnt knew guts was going away.Griffith did care about guts, but he cared more about himself and were he wanted to go, and he though he owned guts, wich was true until guts prove him that he had surpass him. 4Why do you say that?i dont like how you treat your opinions as fact and force them unto other people, and i dont like how almost all of your opinions are about how griffith was the victim and how every thing he did was other one's fault.
As far as Griffith's feelings for Charlotte go, I really don't think he disliked her. He definitely seemed to enjoy her company and didn't mind talking to her. That said, I don't know if he was really in love with her romantically. Even if he was, I believe those feelings came second to seeing her as a means to achieve his goals, as explained so elegantly by the Hawk's resident bard/ninja.Did Griff love Charlotte? I don't know, maybe. Either way, he loved keikaku more.
1they werent knights, until then they were just mercenaries for hire, not more not less, griffith was the only one to be knighted was griffith and the band wasnt in the king army yet.
1So the panels stating exactly what I said one of them even involving your precious Griffith proving my point don't count? I guess it really is pointless arguing with trip fags. They're all fucking retarded.
5Did Griff love Charlotte? I don't know, maybe. Either way, he loved keikaku more.this is the only right answer,
2was griffith and the band wasnt in the king army yet.*and griffith and the band werent in the king's army yet*shit im tired
3its obvious that even if guts would ask griffith permision the same thing would had happendI completely disagree. Griffith was at the height of his power at this point. The country was at peace too, and didn't even need Guts anymore. Griffith wasn't unreasonable and would have surely let him go if he tried to leave respectfully.that and guts was becoming a legend among mens,more that griffithThat's just not true. Guts was popular, but Griffith was still far above him.i dont like how you treat your opinions as fact and force them unto other peopleI don't do that more than anyone else here. We all think we're right, so that's why we're arguing.24Corkus disagrees with you guys. He specifically states that they're not mercenaries anymore, and that they're joining the regular army.
1No we all think you're wrong big difference.Please refer to 4Even Griffith fucking says he has to take his freedom and notice how you've made the desertion thing up. It hadn't been mentioned by any of them at all.
51I was wrong either way. First I didn't remember Judeau stating the sword law or whatever. Second, I thought they were already knighted when Guts left. After reading through two chapters I can say for sure they weren't actually knighted yet on the day Guts left. Looks like I put my foot in my mouth.
7He's referring to how Guts swore to join his army after losing that first duel. It's basically an oath that Guts was trying to break by leaving without permission, which is roughly the same as desertion. This is even more true now that they were part of the king's regular army. You can try to put it however you want, but no matter their status, Guts was being a traitor and had no right to just leave.
This page makes me sad. Judeau best Hawk.
1I completely disagree. Griffith was at the height of his power at this point. The country was at peace too, and didn't even need Guts anymore. Griffith wasn't unreasonable and would have surely let him go if he tried to leave respectfully.if that was true he wouldnt have react the way he did, he fucked up, and he knew he needed guts,griffith goal wasnt to become a knight, he wanted to have his own kingdom and to make that happend he needed guts or friends that die for his dreams.That's just not true. Guts was popular, but Griffith was still far above him.its not how much popular he was at the moment, it was what he could become, and the fact that guts didnt need griffit anymore, made griffith salty as fuck, he put's him on a position were he wasnt hot shit anymore.I don't do that more than anyone else here. We all think we're right, so that's why we're arguing.yeah but you are a lot more rage indusing that all the others anon's.
0if that was true he wouldnt have react the way he did, he fucked up, and he knew he needed guts,griffith goal wasnt to become a knight, he wanted to have his own kingdom and to make that happend he needed guts or friends that die for his dreamsGriffith never needed Guts. Sure, Guts was very helpful, but the BotH already had a reputation of invincibility on the battlefield before Guts joined. Guts was important, but not necessary. And that became even more true after Griffith was going to become general, and the country was at peace. From then on it would have been smooth sailing to power if Guts didn't indirectly ruin everything by being selfish.its not how much popular he was at the moment, it was what he could becomeWhy would he become more popular when the kingdom was at peace? Guts never cared about politics or popularity, he just wanna fight.yeah but you are a lot more rage indusing that all the others anon's.Well, I'm sorry you feel that way. I can at least promise you that I don't try to be rage-inducing, on the contrary.
5If you want to leave you must try and win your freedomHoly shit it's like you're not even reading.
5He's referring to how Guts swore to join his army after losing that first duel. It's basically an oath that Guts was trying to break by leaving without permission, which is roughly the same as desertion. This is even more true now that they were part of the king's regular army. You can try to put it however you want, but no matter their status, Guts was being a traitor and had no right to just leave.guts didnt wanted to fuck griffith shit up, he knew how strong he was in comparition to griffith, guts didnt want to be a knight,now if it was an oath and guts had to resect that and being a the better man, then griffith would had to do the same thing, the only reason he let gust leave was because he couldnt do shit, and thus the way he acts afterward.
0The ride never ends...
16Griffith said that in a context where Guts was trying to desert. Griffith was woken up early in the morning by people telling him that Guts was trying to leave, and then he had to get dressed up and walk all the way over there to meet him. Can't you see why he could have been more mad than usual because of all of this? I'll say again: if Guts had been just a little bit diplomatic about it, and just discussed with Griffith and ASKED for permission to be dismissed instead of just going away, things would have been completely different. You can't just leave an army casually like that. It doesn't work that way. Guts isn't above the rules.
how's everyone going to feel when they leave the boat?personally, I'm gonna miss the boat jokes
2I wouldn't say smooth sailing after the war. Peace actually provides him with less opportunity to shine. From that point forward having a confidant to do shady missions for him on the DL became way more important than straight up military might.On that note, Griffith had come to rely on Guts more heavily than any other member of the Band, and perhaps especially due to the war's ending, he may have relied on Guts more than the rest of the Band as a whole.
0For fuck sake why do you think I put what Judeau said as well as what Griffith said? Guts was following the rules of the mercenary band. You're so blinded by Griffith lust you can't even into reading comprehension
2Griffith never needed Guts.not true at all, if that was true then there wouldnt have been any problem at all, he wanted guts in his band since the beginging, the only persone who was stronger than him was guts, and he couldnt let someone that strong get away. From then on it would have been smooth sailing to power if Guts didn't indirectly ruin everything by being selfish.he wasnt selfish,it was griffith fault and only his fault that everything got fucked up, he was a grown man and acted like a child, guts helped griffith to fulfil most of his dream, and then left without saying because he didint wanted to fuck griffith shit up, but since griffith is a salty motherfucker he went anyway and got his shit pushed by guts.Why would he become more popular when the kingdom was at peace? Guts never cared about politics or popularity, he just wanna fight.and thats what he did, he was fighting and getting popular among the royalties Well, I'm sorry you feel that way. I can at least promise you that I don't try to be rage-inducing, on the contrary.thats even more rage-inducing
8Not looking forward to the island jokes? Maybe some Gilligan's Island edits. Or maye Lost. There's a lot of pop culture tidbits that match up with being stuck indefinitely on a remote island.Hey !Hawk, looks like Judeau would be one of the ones arguing with you about Griffith's sincerity when it comes to Charlotte. He seems rather cynical about it here. Probably because he's the biggest Casca fanboy in existence.
0Guts isn't above the rules.guts was the only one above the rules, he was the only one who could leave if he wanted because he could, he could fuck every one up if he wanted tothey were mercenaries, they didnt have any rules, just an oath that guts fufill in the end Griffith was woken up early in the morning by people telling him that Guts was trying to leave, and then he had to get dressed up and walk all the way over there to meet him.poor little thing that griffith he had to get up early in the morning.shit nigga now you are just grasping for straws.
0The guy's at least trying to be polite. We don't always have to agree. I've always felt we should cut him some slack and treat him like any other anon who doesn't share our individual opinion on whatever.But that goes back to the whole "drop the trip" mantra that was prevalent in these threads a while back. A notion I don't disagree with, but it's hardly up to me.And Guts wasn't stronger than Griffith when he joined. Towards the end I suppose he was, but I don't think Griffith realized that until Guts wrecked him in that duel and left.
5That's what you get for arguing with a literal retard. All apologists are just like him.
8It would be smooth sailing because all he had to do now was marry Charlotte, which would have most likely been relatively easy since he was nobility and loved by everyone.5What Judeau said is irrelevant to my argument. Just because in this specific context Griffith decided that Guts had to fight for freedom doesn't necessarily mean that, in another context, he couldn't have just let Guts go peacefully.0he wasnt selfish,it was griffith fault and only his fault that everything got fucked up, he was a grown man and acted like a childHe was selfish because he broke an oath just because he didn't feel like being there anymore. How is that not childish and selfish?and thats what he did, he was fighting and getting popular among the royalties He was getting popular among the people, not really "royalties". But what I'm saying is that he wouldn't have had opportunities to do that anymore since the country was at peace.6they were mercenariesNot anymore. See 1poor little thing that griffith he had to get up early in the morning.It's everything put together that put him in a bad mood, not just waking up early.
4implying implying implies has said
5holy shit, I didn't think about that. So every location that guts spends time in gets the jokes?
3polite? nahguts wasnt stronger than griffith when he joined, but he certainly was when he left, griffit just didnt knew.
4ContextYeah in context because they weren't all knighted and Guts is still technically a fucking mercenary held by combat "oath" he had to fight to get out of it.9Irritating that despite how much evidence to the contrary he just blind white sheeps it and carries on sucking dick
4Fairy story was as a movie tie in thing. Gotta have something as a low entry point for all the new readers the movie brought.
4they were mercenariesNot anymore. See 1see9the only one who wasnt a commoner was griffith.
4I definitely am polite. At least give me that.53They weren't mercenaries anymore. I admit they weren't knights yet, but they had still integrated the army. They weren't more mercenaries than any of the other regular soldiers in any army.
4It would be smooth sailing because all he had to do now was marry Charlotte, which would have most likely been relatively easy since he was nobility and loved by everyone.the king would have never let that happend, he wanted charlotte just for himself you retard, thats why the king reacted the way he did.and he was not loved by everyone.
0good and not ending anytime soon
Disliked it after the eclipse, everything befor is an 8/10
9Eventually he was going to have to let Charlotte marry to produce an heir. He had no other choice. He wanted to fuck her, but he knew the realm needed a heir. Anyway, the king was going to die eventually, so even if he didn't want to let Charlotte marry, she would have done it after his death.
1I definitely am polite. At least give me that.i was talking about me, im not polite in a site like this and less to a person as blinded retarded by griffith as youThey weren't mercenaries anymore. I admit they weren't knights yet, but they had still integrated the army. They weren't more mercenaries than any of the other regular soldiers in any army.they were still mercenaries and they werent knights yet, the only one who was a knight at that moment in time was griffith
4which would have most likely been relatively easyHe probably would have needed to kill the King of Midland like he did with Julius, Adonis, and the Queen. It's either that or wait for the King to be too old to rule himself, which also would have worked by the king's own admittance, but I'm not sure if Griffith wanted to wait that long.So assuming Griffith wanted to keep that train moving steadily forward, the King of Midland needed to die, and then there's taking on the ensuing vacuum and any potential opposition that rises within that there were still plenty of higher ups that fucking despised Griffith, and gaining legitimacy in the eyes of other nations as well as the Holy See. There was a lot more political junk to do.Having someone as strong and loyal, and as discreet as Guts as his ace in the hole was more valuable than I think you give credit for. He wouldn't rely on anyone else for those dirty missions, otherwise he'd have to do that sort of thing himself and that's much harder and much riskier.If you think there wouldn't be any more political challenges just because the war was over and the queen was dead, I humbly disagree.
4M O D S?
0
4M O D S
8You seem to think that only knights can be regular soldiers. That's not true. You can be a commoner and still be part of a regular army.0I agree with pretty much everything you said, to be honest. Though I never said that Guts wasn't very valuable, I just don't think that he was absolutely necessary. Griffith pretty much always finds ways to get what he wants.
4MODS
4Seriously? We're back to this shit again? Why do we even bother with Captcha? I don't select four pictures of cakes so that this can start happening again.
4thx op I cum on cat she hiss at penis
1You can be a commoner and still be part of a regular army.Yeah but then you're just a conscripted sword, little better than a mercenary with the crown as your patron.
9Look up the definition of conscript. The Hawks were volunteers, not conscripts.
9Even the king admitted Griffith had eventually made his way to the Throne. He couldn't stop his daughter from marry forever and Griffith was a national hero, who'll likely had controlled the entire court in a few years.But of course, this never had happened, because Griffith was destined to eventually fall and use his Behelit.
2Hard to believe Midland didn't have any sort of draft policy when it came to mercenary bands in the midst of an all out war. Not saying they were coerced into service, but I don't think there's much of a distinction beyond that for commoners or mercenaries or whatever.
4Eventually being the key word there. He had no intention of giving her up anytime soon. The question is how long do you think Griffith was willing to wait? Well, before he went bonkers and stuck a flag in Charlotte and claimed her for Spain.
0More like Boatserk.
1Griffith pretty much always finds ways to get what he wants.until guts left and griffith fucked everything up all by himself.
9em i rite guts?
0Can someone explain to me why the holy iron chains wanted to capture guts instead of just outright killing him?
5Apparently because that's what the Holy See wanted. Most likely to interrogate him to be 100% sure he was the hawk of darkness.
The most disappointing series ever. Miura is a fucktard. He raped my childhood by turning Berserk into this shit.
5He was linked to a prophecy. They wanted to know more. He dies they lose that link.The apocalypse is kind of a big deal. Even if the higher ups did see it as a boondoggle from the get go.
6I could do without the excessive moeshit
4
2A mission of miracle recognition, as Farnese says.
6
2wow i just realised this by master of the sinfull black sheeps it means griffith commands the apostlesand by king of the white sheep it means the rules that city after that whole new world begins
4Yeah, that seems to be what the Hawk of Darkness prophecy refers to.
0It's a shipper's paradise. Or was it a sailor's? I can't remember.
Getting this on my right shoulder next month.Wat think?
1You can't get branded twice. If you have two it's going to fuck with my immersion.
1but you'll be attacked by spirits anon
1i hope you don't have kids or you are fucked
0That's just a stock image.Not me.
4Like Rosine's parents? Or Ganishka's son?
2Those are some nice braids. Does Serpico braid her hair for her? These are the sorts of questions I'd ask Miura.
6So how does destiny affect the people in berserk? does guts not die only because destiny and fate dont allow him to?
6These are questions that interest me as well.
0Guts seems to live in spite of destiny. He was born close to death and so has a knack for dodging it or some bullshit SK would say. 1 I posted the page right here.
1man, imagine how could this look animated?
How is Hawk THIS retarded?
2Just because you don't understand Berserk's subtexts doesn't mean that I'm retarded
4Not everyone is as smart as you.
1I know.
2Don't let it get to you.
4believes Griffith had sex out of passion and not a mix of deranged power/controlNah you're really retarded mate
Griffith was a traitor who conspired against the King and murdered his vassals.Later, he betrays his own very loyal soldiers in exchange for power.
7and murdered his vassals.Only one of them, and it's because he tried to assassinate him first.
3That part should have been in the new movies at least. They whored out Skully even if they didn't bother with Wyald.
3GutsForgetting the urge to kill
9i think they try to play the shock factor for the people who didnt knew what they were getting in to, it work for a friendo of mind at least, the eclipse got him by the balls and he didint knew what the fuck was happening.even with what they did with the original 3 movies, i still hope they make a black swordman arc movies.
4Just because you don't understand Berserk's subtexts doesn't mean that I'm retardedsee, this is why i fucking hate you with all of my might, i hope you fall in love and somebody breake your heart so bad, you fucking cunt retard nigger bitch
7that doesnt change the fact that griffith is a back stabbing traitor bitchhes a power whore
9So someone calling me retarded isn't deserving of hatred, but me defending against it is?
8yes.
8It's funny how that literal retard ignored you, yet he didn't ignore the literal retard who sucked his dick.
4To be fair it had been a while since he saw his mancrush the way he used to be
2aboatmotherfucker
So wait that brain damaged retard tripfag is still defending a classic narcissist in Griffith?It's sad because there are narcissist worshipers in real life making this world a shittier place.
2Griffith isn't even particularly narcissistic.
4Desires worshipThinks of others as propertyObsessed with power and dominationLacks higher emotionSeverely reduced empathyThe only thing narcissists sincerely believe in is themselves. They are incapable of believing in others. They are incapable of understanding others. They are incapable of caring for others.
4
7The only thing that you got right is "obsessed with power and domination", and that's just how REAL men are, it's natural. Griffith definitely cares about others and can understand them. He just doesn't always appear that way because he purposely does it best to suppress those feelings to achieve a higher goal.
1The only thing that you got right is "obsessed with power and domination", and that's just how REAL men areThat's how brain damaged people are. Griffith is mentally defective, get it? You're incapable of understand this since you're also brain damaged. Griffith definitely cares about others and can understand them.lol
1Griffith sees people as objects he can use to achieve his goals.
Griffith is arrogant and thinks himself above everyone else, but that doesn't mean he didn't care about the men under his command and what they thought of him, or how they felt, or their well being, etc.Read the scenes with him again. You'll see that he is very conscious of the feelings and expectations of those who choose to follow him. Well, before he became Femto. After that his heart was frozen. He no longer produces fucks naturally.
6It has nothing to do with brain damage.1He only forces himself to do that because it's a requirement for being a military leader. The whole prostitution thing proves that he does care about the lives of his men and feel guilty about them dying for him. He's not the psychopatic monster that you people portrait him as. Griffith himself tries to deny his feelings to everyone, but it's obvious how he truly feels.
8it's not that he's strong... Griffith... has to make himself strong
188So going through all 3 we findSeverely reduced empathyLacks higher emotionThinks of others as propertyClassic narcissist. It's really too easy with you narcissistic worshiping fuckin' losers.
2You don't find any of those, on the contrary...
1that's just how REAL men areThis is why you're a tripfag on /a/, you have ZERO sense of the real world.
8Sadly he does become a psychopathic monster later on.
9Please leave.
4What's your idea of a real man?5Yes, when he turns into a God hand.
7You have all the personality of a robot. You might as well be one of Griffith's 2 dimensional little henchmen come to life.
3Well for starters, real men aren't textbook narcissists. You do have asperger's though, right? Or at least some other strain of autism? I cannot imagine we'd be having this conversation if not.
5Oh no, his narcissistic evil was transformed into psychopathic evil. All that happens is going from neutral to chaotic.
1Personality of a robot? Well, that's a first.9Well for starters, real men aren't textbook narcissists.Neither is he, and I explained why. Griffith just pretends like he doesn't care about anyone.You do have asperger's though, right? Or at least some other strain of autism?I have never been professionally diagnosed with anything.
8well you are retarded tho.
9Griffith just pretends like he doesn't care about anyone.The character is incapable of caring for anyone. You're incapable of understanding this based on his every appearance in the manga since you're mentally ill.8Protip this scene is not showing him having any depth of feeling for anyone, but the exact opposite. All his behaviors scream "fucked in the head" especially with the near-autistic body language, and it's no coincidence Casca is talking in every image you've posted since she is a typical narcissistic crony.
0The character is incapable of caring for anyone. You're incapable of understanding this based on his every appearance in the manga since you're mentally ill.He definitely can and has showed that he cares for people. Risking his life to save Guts, looking angry and sad when Charlotte got shot, looking sad and melancholic when he saw the dead little boy and then prostituting himself right after. And I don't remember the page, but Judeau said that Griffith knew everyone in the band personally from talking with them.Protip this scene is not showing him having any depth of feeling for anyone, but the exact opposite. All his behaviors scream "fucked in the head" especially with the near-autistic body languageCan you prove any of that?and it's no coincidence Casca is talking in every image you've posted since she is a typical narcissistic crony.She's not. She just has respect and admiration for the hero who saved her life and achieved great deeds. It's pretty normal.
1The only nigga he cared for on a personal level was Guts, and he even stops that after the Eclipse. Everyone else was a means to an end, that end being his kingdom.
1Risking his life to save Guts, looking angry and sad when Charlotte got shotThat's how narcissists react to their property being damaged.looking sad and melancholic when he saw the dead little boyA person with genuine empathy would go from depressed, to grim, to furious, whears Lord Griffith looks vaguely inquisitive at the thought that his deranged quest for worship and power might have caused the death of someone. Again, you are literally fucked in the head so I don't expect you to understand any of this...and then prostituting himself right afterThat fact that you think this is a praiseworthy and "selfless" act or something speaks volumes. Man you're a freak.
2
1Can you prove any of that?Opinions like that cannot be proven or disproven. Most of what he said is purely subjective interpretation. I could post an entire montage of pages showing that Griffith cares about the feelings of his subordinates, but if he thinks those scenes mean the opposite there isn't much to be done. I'd need the author himself to spell out exactly what he was trying to present. Otherwise it's my interpretation vs. his of the same scene with no authority to appeal to.
6That fact that you think this is a praiseworthy and "selfless" act or something speaks volumes.It is praiseworthy and selfless. We know this because Miura put this scene right after the one with the boy. Miura was using Casca to tell us how Griffith is a good guy. I can't believe that you don't understand this. Seriously, explain why he would put those scenes right next to each other if not for this.5Pretty much, yeah. Griffith haters are always like that. They just take everything he does and say and twist it to make him look bad.
5could post an entire montage of pages showing that GriffithAnd you can post pages of Griffith with his dead-eyed autistic look self-destructing after a single thing goes wrong for him, and pages of his clearly diminished empathy and inappropriate emotional reactions. Protip: the reason Guts and Casca can stand Griffith is because they are also fucked in the head.Griffith cares about the feelings of his subordinatesHe cares about keeping as many of his toys in as good condition as possible, and nobody gets to touch his favorite toy Guts. Otherwise he shows not a single genuine moment of empathy throughout the GA arc.
6Griffith looks vaguely inquisitive at the thought that his deranged quest for worship and power might have caused the death of someone.And what exactly is he supposed to do? Stop because someone died? Do you become depressed every time you step on an ant?1If anything, the way Griffith leads Casca on is possibly proof of his narcissism. She admits she worships him, yet Griffith is never straight up with her and tells her to find another romantic interest. Of course she's a great soldier and Griffith might not want to lose one of his best cadets to an emotional tantrum, but he has likely never seen that side of her.We have to admit, Hawk is correct, but that doesn't mean she's right. She holds clear bias against Guts who decides to become a 'real man' and equal to Griffith. She calls him a traitor, but when Griffith commits treason against the royal family it's somehow ok.Can we start calling Berserk threads 'grey morality general'? we might as fucking well
7We know this because Miura put this scene right after the one with the boyThe scene with the boy showcases how fucked up Griffith is you retard. There's nothing about his reaction in those panels that demonstrates a healthy emotional response, much like his autistic decision to use his body to get enough gold to buy some swords and horseshoes or whatever. At most this is demonstrating that whenever he feels a shred of human feeling he does something self destructive and autistic, like when ruins the King's life and gets himself tortured for a year lol.Miura was using Casca to tell us how Griffith is a good guyThere's nothing good about Griffith you retard. Literally every scene demonstrates that he's a mentally defective narcissist.
8If anything, the way Griffith leads Casca on is possibly proof of his narcissism.How does he lead her on? He never implied any romantic interest for her. And I don't think Casca ever told him that she worships or love him.She calls him a traitor, but when Griffith commits treason against the royal family it's somehow ok.It's not the same. Griffith only killed members of the family that tried to kill him first, so it was justified. Guts, on the other hand, betrayed Griffith, who was always good with him.
The lack of proper capitalization and spelling in this thread is surprising. I expected more of Berserk threads.My first full year on the boat has just come to an end recently. I'm glad to have all of you veterans here with me.
7I expected more from a gateway manga/animeYou should know better.
4But Griffith must have known about her feelings. There is no way he couldn't have.
6I wish Griffith knew about my feelings.
8implying medieval chad would give a shit about you
9I think he would. He's not a sex-obsessed asshole like a real Chad.
8Demon kid IS Guts' son, not Griffiths.Griffith is what made it into a demon, though.
Last chapter I read was about some chicks from, I think, inquisition arc entering Griffiths' capital city. Were there any chapters since then?
4yes
4I know you're being retarded but Guts only betrayed Griffith in Griffith's retarded mind
7He had a verbal contract with him stating that he would stay in his army. Then he tried to sneak away. It's a betrayal no matter how you look at it.
I think I have just given up on Berserk. I have come to realize that Miura has absolutely no intention of ever finishing his only work worth a damn. I will marry, have children, die of old age, await the second coming of Christ and Miura would still NOT finish this.Talking about Berserk is like talking of a good friend who died long ago. You smile, you remember, but you know he is gone.
0Madara could solo
7Miura was using Casca to tell us how Griffith is a good guyHooooooooly shit
8What Madara?
8THE madara
8Not Edo Tensei Madara Uchiha
0It's a GOAT anime
0Why do you care what I think? What the fuck
1Charlotte kinda looks like Slan here.I bet Slan was the one who was behind this thread of casuality, tempting Griffith with the princess to relieve his pain from losing Guts ultimatly leading to his downfall in this very act.
1RosineEricaShierkeMermaid girlJillTherisaSonia
1Perhaps he's been watching over Guts throughout his life. Tfw Skull Knight watched Guts being raped.
4Puck is pretty fucking moe.
left or right?One of these is pure and loving.One of these is used goods.
Right looks more serene and gentle.It's the same case with the robot.I'll go with her.She's the used goods, isn't she?
3Left stole right's boyfriend and fucked him. She is the used goods.
NICE TRY SETSUNA BITCHFAG.
both of them are used goods...Haruki did fuck them both.but Kazusa is best"i'm... the worst.i'm the villain in dramas and the like that's supposed to go away at the end.but instead I still remain in the story, and actually managed to steal the main character and make the heroine unhappy ""yes... the path we walk in, it won't lead to a happy end"
3Right is the silver medal in the MC's heart. She made the move in dating the MC while she knew that he was in love with left. She is the happiest option though.Left is the true girl in MC's heart but also her path is the one with the most strife.
Why /a/ hates Chi Chi? People tend to call her annoying cunt, but many times she shows how much she cares for Goku.
0She's an annoying cunt.
0Gohanfags blame her because of him choosing a happy nerd life over training nonstop like an autist.
0Chi Chi reminds an average anon of three things he wants to forget:1. The mother anon has disappointed2. The wife anon doesn't have3. The tits anon can't touchThat's about it
She's the traditional mother/wife that sets her own standards of belief in raising her children, mostly Gohan. The current batch of adults grew up with a liberal mind in which they believe freedom should be given to children as much as possible. Chi Chi is either an annoying cunt to them, or a reminder of their own mother who enforced her own opinions too much.That and she spends DBZ as a useless character crying and complaining all the time.
It is an anime-wide thingMost anons can't handle tsundere in general
0Same reason people hate Skylar in Breaking Bad, she's in a world out of her league and tries to be a grounding voice and wants Gohan to be normal, but this comes off as fun spoiling and being a bitch.
2I was blind but now I see!
0/a/ hates realistic female characters
5That and she spends DBZ as a useless character crying and complaining all the time.Yeah, she was an accomplished martial artist in her own right, she should have been more, "I went through all this fighting bullshit so you don't have to!" Instead of how she ended up.
4We hadn't seen her since Red Ribbon Army.What kind of fighting bullshit did she go through besides being trained to be the strongest woman on Earth at that point?
23. The tits anon can't touchCause "chichi" is tits in Taco Bell speak.
0This is bait but I'll take it anyway.DB Chichi is awesome and /a/ loves her.DBZ Chichi prevents Gohan from becoming what he could have, whines all the time and acts overall dense as fuck like the time she went up to pinkman and got turned into an egg and smashed.She was a strong and funny girl who turned into a boring and whiney cunt of a woman.
5DBZ Chichi prevents Gohan from becoming what he could haveI fucking love Gohan, he's my favorite character and is the reason Cell saga is my favorite. But him being the way he is is not entirely Chichi's fault. Piccolo even says in the fight vs Cell, Gohan doesn't seek out battles like his father does. He only fights to protect his friends. Unlike Vegeta and Goku, who kept training long after a threat was gone from the earth, Gohan wanted to just have a normal life. Cause guess what? This motherfucker never got one.Goku was like 11 when Bulma showed up, he got a childhood with Granpda Gohan. Gohan was like fucking 3 years old when Raditz had to come and nignog everything up. And from that moment up until Cell Saga ended, this lil dude didn't get a fucking break  unless you count the countless broken bonesSo yeah, maybe gohan wanted some down time for a bit. Or, for ever really. I think he deserves it.
1Gohan always wanted to be a scholar.
5Well, Toriyama portraited ChiChi like his own wife.When she was younger she was fun and loved him, but after their marriage and the children, she became a bitch.As an old woman Toriyamas wife became friendly again.
1Goku was 14.
1I agree. Goku is a wild monkey man who lives to fight. Gohan finds fighting fun but it's not his whole life. If he can help it it's more of a hobby. He still likes fighting in desguise as the great Saiyaman and was excited for the world tournament but he's not about to leave his opponents alive so he can fight them later like dear old dad.
8Gohan just wanted a normal life since he wasnt a fighting obsessed moron like his father.
0DB Chichi was good.DBZ chichi was worse. Yeah she didn't want Gohan to grow up without an education like Goku did but she did it in a way that made her look super bitchy to a lot of people.She let up by the time Goten came around and at least let him participate in tournaments since they needed the money.
7Wasn't he 12? Goku was just bad at math and told Bulma he was 14 cuz he's stupid.
5Original DB was so much better than Z.
4"I went through all this fighting bullshit so you don't have to!" Instead of how she ended up.That's exactly how she ended up. She and Goku are country bumpkins and turnip farmers. She wanted better for Gohan.
They didn't read the manga or watch DB.
1encountered Frieza at 5Gatdamn
y'know, in Chi-chi's defense, She just doesn't want her 5 year old to get hurt. I can respect that. Mothers are WAY more protective of their children than they are about their husbands. Gohan is a part of her. Goku's just some guy she met with a notorious habit of just bailing on his friends and family for years at a time just to satiate his fight lust. Lord knows her nerves have been worn down over time.Besides, most moms want the best for their son. She doesn't want him to turn out a monkey man who lives in the woods like his dad.
5To be fair, she brought home that monkey man.
1Gohan specifically said that Chichi didn't let him train. Yes he wanted to be a scholar and yes, they mentioned how he wasn't a battle hungry mongrel like his father, presumably because he was half human.But he still loved martial arts and would have trained had Chichi not castrated him to a life of grades and wealth WOAH VIDEL IS RICH MARRY HER. Maybe then he wouldn't have been pathetically weak by the time pinkman came and wouldn't have needed a second "unleash da potentials" asspull.
1To be fair, they live at Goku's home.
9She didn't stop him from training in the 7 years gap though. That was entirely his own choice. At that point, she was even training Goten.
0enhenced with the money of ChiChi's rich father
0Chichi's dad finances that shit.
0With the money from her father though.
1Saiyans are Homo Erectus tier idiots they only can do physical labor and the few who do technological work are probably ridiculed. Frieza had thousands of soldiers that could curbstomp Bardock so him even using the saiyans is bizzare. On Namek fucking Nail was one of the strongest beings in the universe at that point in DBZ. The Saiyans are useless chaotic stupid primates, and humans are evolved versions of whatever fucking DNA they came from but significantly weaker.
9Two room shack instead of the shed Goku used to live inenhancedI guess you could say that.
9Dude Majin Buu is on par with SSJ3 Goku, by the Buu sage Goku's Base is higher than Gohan infact the only time Gohan's base is higherthan Goku is in the early Saiyan Saga. Cell Games Saga Goku in SSJ2 would have curbstomped Teen Gohan.
1Cause "chichi" is tits in Taco Bell speak.And, you know, in Japanese.
0She was cute in DB, but I'm watching DBZ now and she's beyond annoying. Didn't even give a shit about Goku after he almost died from Vegeta, and now she keeps getting angry at him in the hospital for no reason.
3That's what I said.
4Cell Games Saga Goku in SSJ2 would have curbstomped Teen Gohan.SSJ Gohan really didn't get to do much due to that stupid "I dislike violence" thing that came out of nowhere, but he was clearly intended to be stronger than SSJ Goku at that point. He thought Goku was just holding back during the battle with Cell, because he assumed that Goku must have been stronger than himself. And, when Cell attacked him, it didn't drop his ki at all.
0Nigga SSJ2 power multiplier is the only reason he surpassed Goku until Goku himself got SSJ2 and then Vegeta. Its logical for Gohan to be weaker than his dad since Goku is a pure saiyan while he is only a half breed.
0Hell, Goku even thought Gohan was stronger than himself and Vegeta when he returned for the one day which implies SSJ2 Teen Gohan was stronger than Buu Saga SSJ2 Goku.
4Hell, Goku even thought Gohan was stronger than himself and Vegeta when he returned for the one day which implies SSJ2 Teen Gohan was stronger than Buu Saga SSJ2 Goku.It implies that he thought that, but he hadn't seen how Gohan didn't train during the 7 years.
9Its logical for Gohan to be weaker than his dad since Goku is a pure saiyan while he is only a half breed.Except half breeds were shown to have more talent than pure Saiyans at that point of the series. The power level about 1000 that Gohan showed during the battle against Raditz was said to be impossible for a Saiyan child.
0Yh that is until BoG where both Goku and Vegeta prior to SSJG could curbstomp Mystic Gohan.However Goten and Trunks are pretty fucking strong for kids.
1Goku really doesn't shown anything that indicates that. But, yeah, Vegeta, oddly enough does, even before his out of place anger boost. BoG's script writer was a self admitted Vegeta fanboy though, so it's not surprising that he managed to sneak in something like that, even with Toriyama overseeing and changing lots of things.
01To be fair, Gohan was drunk.
590they live at chichi's place. Your thinking of filler.
7They live on Mount Paozu...
9Goku told Gohan that he was already stronger than him, which is why to Gohan it looked like Goku was holding back. Gohan's power had already surpassed his father's. Then after Cell pushes him past his breaking point his power grows exponentially more powerful than even that.
3thats filler.
It's people who didn't watch Dragonball, as in, most of North America. In Dragonball Z she's presented as a complete cunt who is always trying to get in Goku and Gohan's way, and those people don't have the memories of when she was a sweet qt loli or when she was a teenager just engaged to Goku and had to watch him and be able to do nothing while he almost gets murdered by Piccolo in the most violent fight the world had seen until that point.It's very understandable that she turned out the way she did. She doesn't want to see the same thing happen to the people she cares about again just so Goku can get his battle high, even if it means putting the whole world in danger.
9Its logical for Gohan to be weaker than his dad since Goku is a pure saiyan while he is only a half breed.It's stated or at least hypothesized by Vegeta and seen in action with Gohan very early in Z during the Saiyan Saga that mixing saiyan blood with human blood creates a hybrid offspring that's born with a naturally higher power level than a full-blooded Saiyan. The best argument I've seen as to why Gohan and Trunks were never able to stay ahead of Goku and Vegeta was because Gohan and Trunks never "enjoyed" fighting. They fought because they had to, in order to protect their loved ones and make their fathers proud, but they never enjoyed fighting for the sake of fighting as is built into the blood of full-blooded Saiyans.
gohans character is that he doesnt enjoy fightingexcept when he randomly does.
5He enjoys fighting for sport. He just doesn't like fighting for his life or hurting people. And it's not the only thing he cares about like it is for Goku. For Gohan it's just a hobby that he's very good at. Like a kid who's great at basketball but doesn't really wanna go pro.
She's not an annoying cunt, just a cunt.
0Is that fucking Jackie Chan and Toriyama?
4that's christmas kentucky fried chicken speech
9But even people who got into Dragonball after Z like Chichi there.For one reason or another
5dense as fuck like the time she went up to pinkman and got turned into an egg and smashedShe went right up to the fucker who "killed" her son and smacked him right in the fucking gabber even though she knew he was the most powerful evil force in the universe. That was fucking gangsta. If you didn't at least like that moment of her, then you've missed the point of how she acts and also the source of Gohan's rage bursts. He got that shit from Chichi and would be a much weaker character had anyone else been his mother.
I'm curious how strong Chi-chi is. We all know she's stronger than an average woman, though she's never really shown training or fighting much post-DB. But she did train Goten after the Cell saga. I'm wondering if she started picking martial arts back up? And if in a fight of pure skill how well she'd do against some of the others.
0She's a control freak
5She probably still trains, just offscreen.
5She was trained by Ox King who was trained by Master Roshi. Ox King never learned the Kamehameha, but during early Dragon Ball, he was one of the most feared men on Earth and even took out a platoon of RRA tanks with a fucking axe but then they ensnared him in a net.... Basically, as far as humans go, she'd be right under Master Roshi in strength, definitely stronger than Mr. Satan. By the end of the Buu Saga, the only women stronger than Chichi were 18 and Videl who has an edge because she has ki conrol.If you want a power level guess, I'd say around 100. Mr. Satan, by contrast, would be 25 or so.
0even before his out of place anger boost.Vegeta's been boosted by his anger several times before.
9Is Mr. Satan really that weak? Mai has a power level of 20 after all, and she just seems to be a random woman
0her son was kidnapped by her space-monkey brother in lawson witnesses his father die at 3 years oldson is kidnapped by green slug-man and forced to survive in the wilderness while traininghas to fight more space monkeys aftereveryone has to go to space to resurrect their friends and the lives of her family are staked on thathusband fucks off to space and is away for a long timecomes back only to get a heart disease and almost die AGAINhusband forces son to fight a creepy bug-man husband gives his life to defeat creepy bug-manHonestly, ChiChi's been through a lot of shit with her family. I don't blame her for being a bit uptight and wanting to live a normal family life. Besides, Gohan wanted to be a scholar more than he wanted to be a fighter like his father. She was looking out for his best interest and supporting his goals.Also DB ChiChi a best.
0Nah, she'd probably be lower or at least equal to Mr. Satan.Remember, the dude won the Tenkaichi once fair and square, he must be pretty damn good when there isn't any of the main cast around
0Mai has a power level of 20What? Where did that come from? Average human is only a 5. Wherever you read a power level for Mai is just noncanon fanfic bullshit.
4This.
6I don't remember where I heard it, but I checked the wiki and it says it's from a pamphlet for the Tree of Life movie. So I guess that is a questionable source.
2The Tree of Might didn't have Mai in it. This sounds like something someone made up and put on there and cited an obscure source so no one could "disprove" it.
6He won it once fair and square. I think it's implied he bribed his way to a lot of his other victories.Not to mention it's hard to really decide how strong Mr. Satan is because Chi-chi was able to keep up with Goku. Satan might not have had to fight anyone that strong. He may have beaten someone of Nam's or Pamput level, who're plenty strong but not quite as strong as the rest by that point.
624Not any of you guys, but I found this. Can't say it's accurate or anything, just showing.
1did he though?during his time at school he complained about not being able to use his powers like Chi Chi told him too. in the tournament he was tired of hiding his powers but kept doing it for the sake of Chi Chi.face it what really killed gohan as a character was Chi Chi babying him too much as a kid. 5there isnt such a thing as Z. the whole Manga is just Dragon Ball.
7during his time at school he complained about not being able to use his powers like Chi Chi told him too.Clark Kent enjoys living his life as a news reporter more than he likes stopping bank robbers or fighting Brainiac, but he does it because he has a strong sense of justice and knows he is the only one with the power to do it.Gohan has the same sense of justice, but he clearly prefers his anonymity and "normal" life more. And the whole not going Super Saiyan thing was so no one would figure out that they were the ones who fought Cell plus, turning gold is another level of weirdness that Gohan just didn't want to explain. Chichi had nothing to do with that.
Gohan grew up, he wasnt a manchild like his father, he actually wanted a life and had ambition beyond HURR DURR IMMA BE THE STRONGEST!
7What did Chichi have to do with any of that? Gohan himself told Videl that he just wanted a normal life and didn't want anyone at school to know that he can wipe out planets.Even at the budokai Piccolo destroys all cameras because of Gohan wanting to keep his identity a secret, not because of Chichi.
9Gohan could make a living by being the planet's earth energy source, its truely amazing that every DBZ character after the saiyan saga is a walking super reactor.
7during his time at school he complained about not being able to use his powers like Chi Chi told him too.Nope
0Unfortunately for her, she is a more realistic character in an unrealistic setting, kind of like an atheist in a story where God is a very real character.Not only is her wet-blanket-ness and screaming kind of flat or even annoying as far as comedy goes, the fact is that while she would ordinarily be right about prioritizing Gohan's studies to training, she lives in a universe where the world very often needs being defended by her husband, meaning his endless training is then completely justified.In our world, Gohan may have a nice education and a nice job, but in their world that's not gonna help him when Dabura shows up to hand him his ass.
0I stopped hating her. I pity Chi Chi. She loves a man who will never truly be able to love her and Vegeta is undefeated against Goku.
8he actually did like fighting tho. him being a nerd was just following chi chis path, but in reality he liked to fight as much as he supposedly loves books
I liked her a lot when she was a chubby loli in a metal bikini.
8Yeah but not like Goku. Goku LIVES to fight. Gohan finds it enjoyable but doesn't like hurting people if he can help it. That's why he has to be coaxed so hard into doing it. He probably would have not been like Goku no matter who married him.
8'yes'
9his original reasoning is because bulma and chi chi told him people would be surprised to see him using his super powers. as this suggests 6
4Kek
9Holy shit could you be more off about this. In DBZ Saiyan offspring is stronger than their parents. Gohan is stronger than Goku, Goten is stronger than Gohan. Did you miss the whole part where Goten effortlessly turned SSJ at age 7 or whatever the fuck that was? Or SSJ3 after a bit of training under fusion?They're always talking about how inexplicably stronger their kids are
0It didn't come out of nowhere. Battle lust was a Saiyan trait and Gohan was only a half saiyan
9Halfbreeds are stronger than full blooded saiyans, while at the same time they lose that strength a lot more faster than regular saiyans if they don't keep up with training and pushing themselves.
8Goten's a little weaker than Gohan was at his age, but then again Gohan had a lot of training.
5Goten had the Chichi training.Chichi's training is so hardcore it's enough to make even babies Super Saiyans!
1Goten looked too much like Goku. Chi-chi went hard mode on him because this is like the 3rd time goku's just fucking left her alone with kids.
Chichi is the strongest character of DBZ. Simple as that.You see, we all think Goku is the strongest in terms of fighting and it is quite true, but how about endurence? Goku had a heart disease in Future Trunks timeline and although he is now "cured" we can say that he has a "weak" body to endurance the disease originated because he has a week contitution. When he is fighting foes as powerful as him, he usualy ends the battle exausted having to recover for days and even weeks. Even with this "lack" of endurance he still the most powerful being in the universe his training helps his weak bodyNow look at Chichi. Take a good look on her. This motherfucker had TWO sons with the most powerful being in the unverse, so it is confirmed that at least they fucked twice and SHE FUCKING SURVIVED. CAN YOU SEE IT NOW? SHE MAY LACK THE FIGHTING SKILLS, BUT TO SURVIVE SEX WITH GOKU, A BEING LEAGUES ABOVER HER POWER, TAKES A GODAMN AMOUNT OF STAMINA AND ENDURENCE, JUST THE DEPARTAMENT GOKU LACKS.Now, lets move to a hypotetic scenario. Put Goku and Chichi in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber for a infinite amount of time to fight. Goku is a skilled fighter but, so is Chichi and thus, I can say that she would handle herself pretty well in the fight. And thats the point! She can endure much more than Goku, and in a fight with no time limit Goku, with his weak body, would lose due fatigue while Chichi, with her sayian-sex-surviving-endurance would be ok, then winning the fight.From now on its just simple math, my dear /a/nons! Goku is the strongest being alive, so the one who defeats him would be crowned stronger, If Chichi wins than we can safely assume that Chichi is the strongest being in the universe due to her abnormal endurance.ChichiGoku
9Is this a copypasta? Cuz it feels like it is.
6is water wet
6Is dirt dirty?
665Actually its not a pasta, its original, I made it now, but I wanted it to look like one
661I fucked your mothers
0my son's education is more important than making sure the world is still intact enough for that education to mean anythingHer priorities are kinda fucked up.
9Nice new pasta, but I have a retort. By your own logic, Bulma should be the strongest. Consider that the last time Chichi and Goku are confirmed to have sex Goten's conception, Goku was only at full power SSJ. However, the last time Bulma and Vegeta are confirmed to have sex Bulla's/Bra's conception is post-Buu saga. Vegeta post-Buu is much stronger than Goku just before the Cell Games. Therefore, we can conclude that Bulma is the strongest.
6What chapter is this?
4while at the same time they lose that strength a lot more faster than regular saiyans if they don't keep up with training and pushing themselves.Double the strength, but half the drive.
0There is a time in my life that I would have called chichi a bitch, but I would honestly kill for a wife even half as dedicated to her man and children as her, especially when you compare that to how shitty most modern women are.And let's not forget, the reason she nags is because her husband is literally putting himself and her children in mortal danger on a consistent basis. I challenge you to find a woman that would not be absolutely hysterical in the same situation.
0Oh, so he actually met up with Jackie Chan.I wish he could re-ignite his love for him and Kung-Fu movies and implement it into DBSuper, along with the other writers.
0even before his out of place anger boost.Being mad someone hit his wife is out of place?And hello? The reason he even became super saiyan in the first place was because of an anger boost mixed with frustration, of course, but still, anger.
2rekt6She's just uninformed.
6I really hope DB Super has more actual martial arts stuff too. Like maybe Goku has gotten so strong but he wants to get back to basics or something?The World Tournament Saga was a fun change of pace for a while before the Buu Saga kickstarts. I wish we could have seen that whole tournament.
6I don't see him complaining, though, just worried about him catching attention because of his powers.
6Implying the dragonballs wouldn't fix that shit
0Only before they were married, after she got a kid out of him she turned into a cunt
3Chichi is dad in moonspeak
2Between Goku, Piccolo, and Chi-chi, Gohan has 3 fathers.
0Toriyama was apart of that script writing
0Why does /a/ insult people for having shit taste while enjoying Watamote? It's because everybody on here is /a/utistic.
5Oolong and pual looking at bulma with that look"how the hell do you know that""what did you do to him?"
90Goku did win that Tournament money though, and its not like they need money to live, Goku usually goes hunting and brings food home. People forget that hunting is one of the hobby's both goku and gohan had.
0/a/ will never have a picture of himself and a girl both smiling at the same time
9Chichi wanted goku to live in the modern era. She wants to live the life of gossiping with neighbors and showing off how smart her son is and how successful her husband was, though she made the mistake of expecting a wild man to hold any job. Who would watch Goku antics of him trying to hold onto an actual job and fail each time?
0She's the normalfag in a weeb world. She really doesn't belong in DB world yet she's there, forcing her normalfag beliefs on everybody.
7Never saw her saying or showing that, she just wanted a good life for gohan. She was perfectly fine with living in the woods and goku bringing home food he hunted and everyone living off by having baths in the river. Heck, she used to live in a mountain castle.
7goku as a security guard at a bankbanker tells Goku that big boss is showing up and he's scary lookingscary looking bank robbers show up let's bad guys walk in to a bank and take moneythinking they are the big boss just taking their money. goku fired first day
7how successful her husband wasHe has fucking superpowers, and is one of the strongest beings in the universe. Why can't the bitch be happy with that? If they want money, he could do construction work in place of a crane or something. Bitch's standards are too high.
1Never saw what you said either, where I drew my conclusion was her complaining there was no income, her wanting gohan a normal life, her complaining that goku trains all the time and not contributing to gohan's studies.
2Have you met some Japanese or Chinese girls? Dude they want their life like a modern romance story. Successful, smart, and constantly hard working alpha male. It's a status thing for them, even though what I said was racists, it's very true amongst some circles.
7Goku plays to his skills and becomes a fisherman.Instead of staying on the boat he strips down naked and dives into the ocean.Pulls back out a giant monster fish 10 times the size of the boat causing it to sink.Goku gets fired.
2SuccessfulStrongest person in the universesmartFighting geniusconstantly hard working alpha maleLiterally spends all his time trainingLiterally everything she could possibly want.
7SuccessfulBeing strong and being successful aren't really the same thing depending on how you define success.SmartHow often would fighting genius come up in real world situations? Goku's a manchild of the highest callibur.Constantly hard working alpha male.For some reason, as powerful and strong goku is, he never strikes me as alpha but then again there's a lot of scenes that would support that so I'll concede.
5He's not alpha male in his own house, he literally will not raise his voice to chichi.
0Chi Chi a shit.
0Because literally every woman ever looks like shit with their hair in a bun. She's hot and nice up until she starts wearing her hair in a bun. The bun turns her into a cunt.
2sauce
2That character trope is actually a comedy trope, a sane character in an insane world.
Goku should have ended up with Bulma.
9Vegeta is undefeated against Goku. Also, muh buruma.
0Tell me, /a/ - was their romance well-written? Why do people love this pairing, despite shitting all over the Naruto pairings. Is it nostagia goggles? What makes it not shit?
tfw barely any art at all of milf Chichi with a full bush.Are you telling me that an aggressive, widowed 40 year old Asian milf that lives in the middle of the woods is going to be shaven completely clean? It's not even a vulgar fetish! It angers me that there are more pictures of her with a dick than there are with a decent muff.
0Chichi exhibit a single mother behaviour. If you know any single mother, they're like her
3it wasnt well written, pretty much nothing in dragon ball is, but it didnt get in the way, and there were juuuust enough tender moments between them to show they did care for each otherthat and they didnt wait til the very end of the story to tease ships like naruto did
As someone who only saw DBZ as a kid, can anyone explain what the point of Bulma as a character was? What did she do in Dragonball?
8She invented the dragon ball radar. Her and Goku were the original characters. She's basically the first character that really highlights how out of touch with society Goku was.
9Interesting. She seemed pretty irrelevant when I watched DBZ as a kid and I'd wonder why she was there.
0ChiChi is Chichi and he is Goku, they are together, they have lots of kids, they are beautiful together even when they argue, true marriages are like that
7She taught Goku about the birds and the bees.
6Dragon Ball SD basically said she didn't want him becoming a NEET.That's literally what Goku is.
does Piccolo have a dick?
2NEETNot in Education, Employment, or TrainingGoku not in Training
0implying Strength training matters to society/fit/ people need to train in other things for employment.
7If you saw her on namek, that's basically what she did in Dragon Ball. She was one of the characters that would go on adventures with Goku, while also inventing cool shit along the way. She was also a strong contrast to Goku.So yeah, she basically is the reason why Goku started traveling and meeting new people.
7societyGoku and Chichi don't give a shit about society. They live isolated in the mountains, and he either catches food in the wilderness, or grows vegetables out back.
5If that was the case, why would Chi-Chi complain about Goku not having any source of income?
1Which is weird, because there used to be a Mexican restaurant named Chichi's
0"Training" in that regard is more like "apprenticeship for a career or trade"
7
7Strength doesn't matter to societyhe literally saved the world on multiple occasions. there is literally nothing more important to society in DBZ than goku's strength
6No, namekians are asexuals
, 
So, what's that manga cover that made you download/buy the books but it turned out it was complete shit? for me it was Ajin.pic kind of related
Goddamn, get a load of those fishcakes.Episode 10 preview pics and summary are out: 
2The previews this time are pretty low key, but at least there's happy Leo and lunch trio shenanigans.
9And massive property damage.The insurance adjusters assigned to Dianne's Diner will be giving Vivian's dad the stink-eye over this one.
Do they hate each other or something?
4Zed and Zapp are like brothers where Zed is the favorite child of the parents. You can draw conclusions from there.
Only 3 episodes left, I don't want this to end in tragedy
Zed thread a best.
1I don't want this to end in tragedyIt shouldn't.Leo's opening monologue is about how his time in Libra made him feel less useless.
Steven/K.K ep never
2Zed thread, baby, Zed thread.
46where Zed is the favorite child of the parentsThe interesting thing, though, is that Master said this last week. So while he thinks Zapp is a useless idle sack of farts, he's forced to acknowledge his skill. Zed is a good boy and a model pupil, but he's only #2 skill-wise as of yet.So Raju's the dad who pits his kids against each other to watch them fight because it will make them into real men, and also because he thinks it's funny.
6Leo's opening monologue is about how his time in Libra made him feel less useless.So Leo loses his eyes and proves his worth in Libra without the use of them, and gets them back?
0gasp! Homewrecker!
Do you think the anime staff had originally meant this to be conclusive story and is scrambling to animate different finale material to hint at a sequel because they didn't anticipate how popular it ended up being?
6I don't think there's any scrambling going on. The director had a very firm guiding hand on the wheel of the entire production, and I believe her vision of what she wanted to do with the show in these twelve episodes is complete and realized. There may be some last-minute changes to leave the door open for an anime continuation, but only minor ones; nothing to shake up the plot. Doing that kind of shit is usually a recipe for disaster anyway. Shirobako should have taught you that.
6That would be an interesting twist. Although Klaus makes it clear they see his worth, so it's more of Leo seeing it himself.  then again he kinds of goes through as well on volume 10 right?
7Yeah he does, but that sadly won't get animated any time soon. This original plot line was obviously inspired by it with the sibling and turtle knight stuff.
is promoting the series BD pretty heavily. This is good.
0In fairness to KK, she rarely gets any battle action unless she's teamed up with Starphase. She's probably sick of being stuck with that cold-blooded guy all the time and wants her turn to be Klausie's spotter and ruffle his sideburns during downtime for once.
I can't wait for this scene in the last episode. It looks great. So many warms colours. I hope the last episode makes me cry
5I'm curious about these laterns and also the carnival imagery that's all over the OP. Will we be revisiting Coney Island again?
3life-sized Sempai
3
7electromilfI'm absolutely stealing that for future use, just so you know.
4I wouldn't have it any other way.
Why I get the feeling that White / Mary isn't human ? Maybe she's a tool / partner made just for William.It's just weird they William and Mary have different eye's color.
DBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZYou know what the B is for.
8
8Do you mean White died and this one is a fabrication? Or do you mean even their child hood was fake.Either one I think is pretty unlikely.
0I'd make some kind of comment here about how cute KK's family is and how wrong that is, but I want a KK/Chain episode just as much, so I'm in no position to throw stones.
2Well, I don't think she's dead. But since first she's a fake human created by their parents or maybe just his father.
1That sounds like an unnecessary complicated element that would detract from the Leo and Michella parallels.
3I was thinking of something similar
Leo dies.
116That sounds like an unnecessary complicated elementBut is that what would induce the most DESPAIR? Because if so, he'd probably do it.And that flashback homestead White's remembering is ridiculously idyllic. Almost too good to be true.
3My goodness, anon.I'd be willing to bet KK is a three-beer queer.
1
1Zapp cries?
3isn't their masters favorite zapp? he was still trying to convince zapp to be the true heir to his style. I don't think he likes zed more per say but he has a better personality; he would still rather zapp be the true inheritor
8More like he pulled the trigger.
7Zapp kinda went a wee bit too far with his bullying this volume huh?, I mean be a bit nicer to your tiny bro.
Urgh the Black and White subplot completely kills whatever enjoyment I was having with the series.
3Sorry you feel like that anon. At least there's the manga.
1Zed is the blue man.
Will there be an /a/ sings for the ED?Or even the OP really. They are both really fucking good.
6A shame its not scanned online. What are they even planning on doing with this show since its clearly going anime only ending. I feel like the shows doing well enough to warrant a second season.
8Well if the show sells well then we may get a season 2
3You should be fuckin thankful that this isn't like every shitty Bones anime original content. For the anime original content being this good and not shit is a Godsend.Also the reason the anime original was added was because the Production Committee probably thought this would bomb. Which I can actually understand because stuff like Kekkai doesn't normally sell. So yeah be thankful that the content we're getting is good.
3Oh God I'd kill for a KK/Chain episode
7How's Kekkai doing saleswise anyways.
6devastatingly good-lookingAbrams please.
4BD are predicted to sell about 10K or more and the manga is getting a boost.Chances for season 2 are really high.
What's the point of Chain?
0What's the point of you?
2What kind of fish has antennae?
2BonesS2Uh-oh
7One thing I'm a little worried about is that season one's ending might undermine volume 10 if that ever gets adapted. A key aspect of it is that Leo is still struggling with guilt issues and low regard for himself, so if he overcomes that by the end of this season, it kind of deflates an important facet of a story that worked as a really good closure for Leo's character arc, and it might make S2's ending feel a little repetitive too if they don't change it.
4is that how she is in the manga she looks so cute in the op
4I think he'll still have those guilt issues He might be able to save the twins if it happens, but in his mind, he still hasn't done a thing for Michella at that point. It'll just be a high point for him.Nothing much has changed from then, but sometimes only a little, I feel different
1Yes. Michella a cute.
4The reverse, of course, if Leo fails to save his friends then his guilt complex might be even worse.I think they'll be saved since the opening monologue seems optimistic, or at the very least the twins choose to go on their own accord to prevent the collapse or die together maybe Mary really was meant to die 3 years ago.
6Aw, fiance seems nice. Glad that the enemy in vol 10 wasn't actually him.
11How is she reading that letter?
9maybe she had some one read it to her
914Oops, got confused. We weren't including the twins' fate in this conversation.It would still be nice for Leo to feel a bit more accepted as part of the team
Post Chain getting the P. P for pets on the head.
2little sister gets a fiance before leo can even touch a girlmanga leo must be suffering; his little blind sister found love and leo hasn't even had any interaction with any younger women his age besides that irrelevant waitress or aligura and leo definitely knows not to stick his dick in crazy
98Yeah, she probably had parents read to her.When ep 1 first aired, a lot of people wondered why Leo would write a letter opposed to phoning or something, and I think this episode kind of shows why.Basically I think Leo doesn't really know what to say to his sister. He can't think of anything to write at the moment, and he also probably doesn't want to be put on the spot by calling her. By series end, he does have something to say, but he wants to make sure he expresses it all properly, hence the letter format.
02Man will Leo ever find a gal?
0What's the point of Chain?I can think of one pretty big one.
4It looks like he's pretty much stuck with Zapp.Could be worse. I hear he gives pretty good head at least.
Finally read vol 10.Anyone know when 11 is coming out? I do so hope for season 2.Also darkhorse can you be any slower???
9Such a thing before marriage? Perish the thought.
Poor Manga Leo. All the bros and no hoes to hang out with.At first he at least had Dick Suck to keep him company. Now Zapp has Zed to hang out with. I guess that leaves only mushroom bro.
2From what I hear, there isn't enough material for a volume 11 as the series is on hiatus until it moves to its new magazine. I imagine in the mean time Nightow's busy doing promo stuff for the anime considering the timing of it all. He's drawing an illustration for each BD volume. Vol 1 has a short 2 page comic, and the rest of the probably will have something similar.
Is the lunch eating the only manga part next week? Is the police inspector going to get some lines?
8ah thanks.That is good to know.
28New Japanese volumes used to be published twice a year, in June and December, but 10 came out later because it had a complete story arc that was quite a bit longer than previous volumes. Then SQ 19 went poof, and no, there definitely isn't enough material to make up a complete volume 11 yet. There won't be until the new magazine launches in July and Kekkai gets back on track with regular chapter releases. God I hope it's another quarterly or bimonthly so the chapter length won't be unduly shortened.On the subject of releases, though, I see the Kindle edition of volume 10 recently went up for sale, so maybe a rip will surface soon.
6Have there been chapters since vol 10? Npt chapters like that Femt trolling one and Chain and Zapp handcuffs which are more like short stories done as anime promotion.
By the end of the anime White is hospitalised and presumed in a comaLeo can't visit herVolume 10/11 will have a chapter about her waking upShe becomes canonOnly in my dreams huh?
9I think for Starphase/Chain fans pets on the head really are analogous to sex, pretty much.
1Half anime promotion and half giving Nightow something to do while his manga is homeless.I wish I was able to check issues of SQ 19 to find out for sure for myself, but I believe that yes, the last full-length chapter was one of the ones included in volume 10 - that volume just came out this April, by the way.8Well it won't be in 10, since that's already been published. But hey, who really knows?
7Now Zapp has Zed to hang out with.That's not how it went down at all. They just expanded into a full-time gang of three. Zapp and Zed both like Leo more than they like each other. He's the glue that holds them together, and stands between them kicking the shit out of each other most of the time.
3The best in-store promo thing by far has been this one.
8police inspectorIs that who this dude is? Because if so I think we've seen him before in Blood Line Fever.
8There have been little cameos from manga characters sprinkled throughout the episodes. There was also that kid and her dad from Outlaw of Green at the start of episode 7 in Diane's Diner, I think. And the alien thugs at the start of episode 8 who ran into Zapp were also from a manga story I'm pretty sure, but I can't place them.
2That's brilliant. Know how it feels to be Chain.
3Man, that's neat. It really makes it feel like the staff of the anime really do give a shit and care about the world and the story they're telling.Here he is; he was the dude freaking out when Starphase and KK were going down into the subway.
3The two on the left?
3Aliens from "Desperate Night in the Macro Zone" from vol 7.
9Yeah, but actually it might've been from a different story, now that I think about it, not Outlaw of Green. Shit, which one was it?
40I wonder though about the fiance considering she talks about her brother alot, makes me wonder if that letter to her is also something she talks about
89Wait, I remember now. It was from bratatat mom.
3Several kinds of scorpionfish have them.Although the real answer is 'the kind who are best boy'.
Nightow live tweet anything notable for the most recent episode? Seems like he commented a bit more on the original stuff than usual. I can't figure out what he's saying about the original parents, but he did comment on Zapp's 3 angled spit take and red coats and guns.
53 angled spit takeThat shit was something else. A spit take with just spit shouldn't be able to hit someone else from like a foot away. If he really is Dick Suck then maybe he produces more saliva than normal humans, since he'd need it for lubrication, but jesus christ Zapp.
5comment on Zapp's 3 angled spit takeHe said he was impressed by the framing and the detail of the background in each of the three shots even though it was just a gag scene.and red coats and guns.Watching KK in action in the anime makes him feel faint.The stuff about parents is about his own, I think, and something about how they like to read his rough manga drafts, but it's kind of confusing to make out.alsoおね魚い致します...Nightow...
7
25brb, I need to see if I can find a place that will print custom doormats.
0In charge of the very important role of being the softest.
4It can't be helped. The anime is in production before vol 10 is published. The best they do is to bring out the big guns to gain some popularity at least.Not even Nightow himself could know Kekkai would sell so well that a season 2 is almost guaranteed. Also, not sure if anyone mention it yet. But apparently the Gilbert mobile came from the film, league of extraordinary gentlemen?
9I heard that too so I looked it up, and dang, Gilbert's is nearly a carbon copy.
4Never knew an alien could rock a pomp that well
4I don't think it'll undermine Volume 10, even if Leo thinks better about himself by the finale, Leo would still have his guilt complex and still have a low opinion, since he still didn't find a way to cure his sister.
best girl wonnow tell me /a/, what do you think about this manga ?
3Holy shit anon , i just finished it yesterday, nice timingand i agree best girl won
Still mad that best girl lost.
7best girlnot Nishinowho do you think should have won anon? the shy one or the daring one? i liked both mind you but Tsukasa won my heart, i almost raged at the end when i thought he was gonna dump her again to go back with Aya
3satsuki never win the manaka bowlstill best girl
3Greatest love story ever told.It was the black haired girl's fault she lost cause she didn't man the fuck up.
3yahari will gonna go with the same route as this.
3Satsuki types never win.FACT
4Best girl never win formula.
3Nishino was only second best girl. Satsuki was perfect in every way and MC was a gigantic faggot for not tapping that. Aya was shit through and through and I'm glad she got rekt. For a harem this wasn't that bad, actually. There were even some legit feels and the ending was satisfying enough. The anime adaptation was pure garbage though and the doujins I've found are somewhat lackluster.
3She linda looks like that Kawaii uguuu creature in that pic. I generally liked the art of this manga but it seemed to fluctuate from time to time.
I actually really liked the ending of this manga, I loved the fact that the girl that actually made an effort to win the dude, wins at the end.
7Don't know what manga you were reading, bud.The girl who tried the hardest to get MC lost and the girl who won fucked off literally across the world to suck italian dick or whatever and blueballed him for years.
1implying he didn't hit every pussy he could get in his travels , his attitude shows that he got some experience after all
7the girl that actually made an effortan effortWhat about the girl who worked herself to death to try and win the dude, anon?Where's your justice then? ;_;tfw Satsuki was, is and will always be my first and favorite waifuI felt so bad for her after I finished reading it, especially since I was a kid.Not that I have anything against Nishino but I've just pissed as fuck at vacuum.
fap a lot with SatsukiI want S2
3Best girl won. I still remember I feel so happy when Nishino confessed in that park.
3best girl wonI agree
, 
, 
If even a little of that resolve you have now degrades, I'll kill you
, 
, 
, 
, 
Just admit it /a/, you don't even watch pre-2000 Anime anymore.
0Just admit it, OP, Haunted Junction is the first pre-2000 anime you've ever watched and you're so amazed by it that you want everyone to talk about it under the pretense of making retro anime threads
I'm somewhat new to /a/, so I've only been watching what you people talk about.No, I'm not going to ask for recommendations, I'll find them somehow. I'll probably start LotGH soon.
SAO is my first anime, problem?
I'm interested in some stuff, but haven't gotten around to watching.
0current watching candy candy tho
0I only watch pre-2000s material.halfway through VOTOMS right now and it's a fucking blast.
1yeah there's a pretty fucking big problem.
I don't even watch anime at all.I'm trying to figure out how to get laid.By a chick that isn't fat/ugly etc.
Didn't we have this thread a few days ago?
1Projecting so hard because you don't watch pre 2000s anime.
8You must not be an English speaker, or you're somebody who could unironically watch the rips of Glass Mask 84 and the Daimos dub
2why would you do that when you have Noriko?
I watch scenes from older anime I used to watch every now and then.
0OP is a shitposter, one who cannot even post cute girls repetitively with his sameshit threads
Since this is the retro anime thread, post floofy-haired girls.
Which one should I watch for the first time then?Bubblegum CrisisSlayersGolden BoySerial Experiments LainSeikai no MonshouTrigunNadiaUtena
1all of them
I don't really watch any anime anymore at the momentI'm pretty behind in everything this season now.I blame FFF and Caffeine
1All of those are pretty good.Start with Golden Boy, it's fun and will be nice to get you into the older stuff.inb4 spoonfeeding
0I can safely admit that I don't watch post-2010 anime. Pre-2000 anime is still fun.
0implyingfaggot i just got done watching VOTOMS
1does it jump the shark at any point?
0her ass instead
0OP probably doesn't even watch anything pre-90's
4less attractive than her hair but still p gud.
0Too busy with pic related lately. I've been meaning to start Cutie Honey, but eh. Galaxy Angel is an absolute masterpiece, so pre-2000 shows will have to wait.
1Unwatch it, then go watch a good entry level anime like Samurai Champloo or Cowboy Bebop.After that come back here and we'll show you more good stuff.
2Not him, but  there is magic in the start of the third arc and all throughout the 4th, but it's not that stupid. 
was Mappy a boy or a girl mouse? depending on the translations it varies.
7BD-subs soon I hope
1You probably don't even watch anything pre-20's
7eh, considering that PSs are basically newtypes it's to be expected
8nigga please , i know you don't watch anything pre-10's
1Projecting this hardAnon please.
1It is soft subbed and there are BD raws available. There really is no excuse for not doing it yourself. It is easy as fuck when that is the case. Usually takes about 5 minutes an episode unless there are significant changes to the show itself it is usually just a case of time shifting the subtitles.
0anymoreStop making this fucking shitty thread.
1bitch i watch shows from the past, and the future , i'm watching shows that haven't been made, and never were.
8Actually I make proto-manga scrolls from the 1800s into animations and watch those.
6or just use haven't I done so? why didn't I know GA has BDs? I am an idiot. Truly an idiot.
7
hell OP, i don't watch pre-2010 animewhy submit yourself to the unwashed non-moe anime of yesteryear?
Which ones?
3what you know about ukiyo-e, and shunga?
0100MB filesBDWhy even bother?
Alright I've been meaning to watch/read more classic bikini warrior stories.So far I've read and watched Legend of Lemnear, Dragon Half, read Caravan Kidd and Outlanders, and I've been meaning to watch Genmu Senki Leda.What are some other essentials of the genre?
1These ones.
1not Patlabor 2watch Robot Carnival instead.
0Finish your Johji diet
8Google a recommendation chart. Just specify you want /a/ recommendations. There are even specific genres recommendation charts.
0What?
14Man, I love modern anime, but there's something about the older, darker ones like early Gundam series that do something to me.Love it.
but i just finished excel saga and i'm now watching orguss
0legend of lemnear
5I should really read posts before responding to them.
9I am your wise master giving you a cryptic hint. Remember the rule of three, most things come in threes. You already polished off two Johji bikini series, there is a third
9I wasn't aware of this.
0Fuck you nigger, I like it better than post-2000
0implying that most of us didn't grew up with DBZ, Sailor Moon, Cat's Eye etc
7inb4 OP says you're "projecting"
7Why is she so absolutely adorable?I mean I already know why but I want to read your opinion.
6Find it disciple, it is a simple task. Fail and you must watch gay 80s OVAs where Sho Hayami is thirsty for boypussy
6Because she was created to be an attractive, playful, motherly robo-waifu. Her creator apparently had nice taste in women's clothing tooWhat is the name of the animator/director who made Presence? I want to watch more of his stuff
1That's only half of the answer but good enough.It was made by Yasuomi Umetsu.Watch Kite, it's fucking insane.
The first Appleseed OVA was pretty good, why does everyone seem to hate it?
1Slayers
0But I've been watching Urusei Yatsura and LoGH. And I have an urge to watch CCS again, so I might start that tonight.
1That WASP shirtTruly WASP is the best glam metal band of all time; even in the distant future, they still have fans.
1Only so much you can improve
1all of them, honestly. That is a damn fine list. Golden Boy might be easiest, since it is short and sexy.
1The only real must watch are Nadia and Utena, second level greats Crest of the Stars, SEL and Bubblegum Crisis and then the rest.
0You dont have to bait a retro thread. You can just start one
6start a retro thread on /a/only posts are bitching about spoonfeedingbait people into postinghits 300 repliesThis your first day on 4chan?
6I hate when people do it that way, it just feeds and breeds more of those "nostalgia fags are awful" types and the stereotype of the old anime watcher who thinks everything is new is shit and that moe is killing the industry. If anything it makes a lot of people less likely to try any of it because of disliking the fanbase.
0The only real must watch are Nadia and UtenaThose aren't even the best shows on that list. And you're an idiot.
Well, they can't go to the past and make new pre-2000 anime.
5"Pre-2000" anime threads which didn't bait at all have generally been quite successful. I don't know how you miss them.
0I don't believe in this "must watch" shit, but Bubblegum Crisis is objectively the pinnacle of OVAs as it encapsulates the excess and glamor of the format with extreme style over substance. It's the perfect marriage of cute girls with hard action
1Bubblebutt Chrysalis is fucking great, especially when Urushihara kicks in.
1There are much better OVAs in my opinion although if you are thinking that a good OVA is one that is cheesy trashy and very 80s then they don't come much better I will agree there.
3halfRight I forgot about her undying loyalty, even after years and yearsThanks. Downloading right now
Is it worth going through all 150+ episodes of Ranma 1/2 or can I just not watch that series?
6it just feeds and breeds more of those "nostalgia fags are awful" types and the stereotype of the old anime watcher who thinks everything is new is shit and that moe is killing the industry.THIS.
8OVAs were a means to burn enough money to keep an Antarctic home warm in the coldest days of winter by making some cool shit.It stands to reason that cool shit is cheesy trash. 80s rock and moving mechanical parts and a creative team of multiple brilliant young men doing whatever are the soul of the original video animation
Say what you will about retro threads not common enough, inevitable toxic shitposting on /a/...at least we have them, unlike every other animu message board I've seen.You're almost better served trying to dig up someone's Lum-centric Angelfire page than trying to talk older anime on the current available sources.
2That slight pussy hair visible from behind
8Sure yeah but you don't have to be cheesy trash or mecha to be extravagant. Look at something like Gosenzosama Banbanzai an intelligent satirical comedy with Oshii directing and animators like Ohira, Iso, Tanabe, Hashimoto, Honda and Utsunomiya working on it. Those really are a creative team of brilliant talent.
WHY THE FUCK ISN'T THERE AN OLD-SCHOOL TAG ON SADPANDA ?
1What the heck are you talking about? Other message boards talk about older anime far more than /a/. Even Reddit has a specific board focused on it.
7I've been meaning to start Cutie Honey, but eh
0I can count the amount of pre-2000s anime I've watched on 2 hands.
1There's an "A Country Doctor" animation? I'll have to get around to watching that, love me some Kafka.
7ledditYou should go look at their retro anime boards before you use them as an example.
1Because it's all disgusting6But there's no beauty about how it's just like their other fellows who made OVAs. The Bubblegum boys wasted a lot of cash making the first series, just like many other folks who were making oneshots that were supposed to be a series but never got anywhere.The biggest baddest series out there blew all their money just like the little guys. That's really cool
8The point wasn't about the quality of posts, but the quantity of it. 4chan talks about older anime the least.
1old school doujins kinda suck though that "just dont show it" type of censoring.there are manga more explicit than some Sailor Moon or Ranma doujins.
3But there's no beauty about how it's just like their other fellows who made OVAs...I'm not really sure what the point you are trying to get across here is? Is there some particular reason you are romanticizing the production of Bubblegum Crisis above all else? Having a lot of money spent on something doesn't make it any good that much should be obvious.
84chan talks about older anime the leastThe top 5 posts on leddit retroanime: 1 hour old, 2 days old, 14 days old, 19 days old, 20 days old.No repliesclassicanime is even worse.But thank you for proving my point about the inevitable shitposting.
4Despite all the ridiculous amounts of cash thrown at it, it's has the same fate as everything else. I just think that's neat
0anymoreI'd like to inform you that they're not making any more of it
1Fair enough, kind of like the fall of the roman empire of something extreme decadence before the inevitable down fall.
8people don't talk about things they've already talk aboutgee I wonder why
1You and I both know the majority of people on /a/ haven't even seen a quarter of an entry level old anime list like this 4
0Downloaded Yu Yu Hakusho on impulse last night and watched the first five episodes today. I was impatient for demons to appear and for a proper adventure to get going; I actually got excited when a minor devil showed up in that last episode I saw. Seems they'll introduce the other two guys in the main cast next, and hopefully the first real arc will start up soon afterward.I like the OP a lot, too.
1Th majority of people on /a/ or anywhere don't talk about older anime because they haven't watched it in the first place. Most people got into anime after the year 2000 when it became more prevelant online.It isn't that people are tired of talking about it. Its that few people have even seen something like KOR, Blue Seed or Nadia in the first place. Probably not even 10% of the average western fan has seen anime before Eva or Cowboy Bebop.
3Probably not even 10% of the average western fan has seen anime before Eva or Cowboy Bebop. Much much lower than that More like 1% of western fans.
0selfbumppls spoonfeed
36DBZ started in 1989.
6that probably has a lot to do with the average age of this board.
2Did you find the third Johji
0After watching anime for like 5 years, pretty much every show I start is 4:3 ratio
Well it's hard when you're used to FFXIII graphics then forced to play Space Invaders
2You're not setting the bar high here.Lupin IIIGundam 79Fist of the North StarDirty PairMacrossUrusei YatsuraDragonballMaison IkkokuNadiaSailor MoonEvaUtenaEscaflowneCowboy BebopCCSBig ODoremiMost of these have aired on basic cable TV, and a good portion of them aired on Adult Swim or network television. On top of that you have Gundam and Takahashit.There's also the huge cliff that you have to climb to be able to post on /a/.
2if it's Capricorn it won't be easy to dig up.
2Watching isn't seeing an episode badly dubbed when you were 8.
6FF XIII
I only watch pre-2000 anime and some select post-2000 ones like Texhnolyze, boogiepop phantom, Gits and some others, I don't like modern anime "clean" look and shit CGI.
2yep
2Not him, and this isn't /v/, but that game looked insane for its time.
0she's got the same hair color as Nene so she must be best girl.
Despite being a robutt, Mian was worst girl. I'm having trouble understanding that fact. Normally robot girls are best girls.
5All FF games look insane in preview videos. But the actual game never plays like the preview videos and FMVs.FFXIII was no different. FFXV will be the same.
I always thought there was something magical about old OVAs. Even the longest OVAs were barely six episodes long, and most just never got finished at all. In some cases they were never intended to be longer, just an adaptation of a manga arc of a game that never got released in the west. I always thought it gave it a bit of mysteriousness and charm that made old OVAs more enjoyable. For example Princess Rouge aka Legend of the Last Labyrinth was always one of my favorites. Two episodes long, ultra-cliche amnesiac-girl-from-magical-world plot, no ending. If it had ever been finished, it would have probably been terribly mediocre and forgettable. In it's unfinished state, you're left wondering how it could have ended, what could have happened.
0That unfinished state however made a lot of OAVs annoying. Something like Ah! Megami sama nd 3x3 Eyes, while very high quality animation and interesting on their own, were part of ongoing manga that reached 40+ volumes. In terms of story, those OAVs were horribly incomplete and should have been full animated series.
4Listing all those WMT shows and leaving off the best oneShenanigans
1Akira was 1988w-why
4I wanna say something smug like "well aren't you special," but I'm the same way.
Why haven't you watched Cutey Honey yet /a/?
5there's no robot goreI'm not gonna watch something that has a human-looking robot girl in it if I don't get to see her mechanical innards at any point.
6But there's hilarious fanservice every episode
5whatever
8This combined chart is good. Also, create a user at myanimelist.net, it's also good for recommendations and for keeping track of what you've watched, are watching and what you want to watch.
0i just watched hikaru no go u baka
Currently watching Ranma½. Already read the manga ages ago, but decided on picking up the anime. It's really dated though, and it's beginning to feel a bit like a chore.
sailor moon dub or sub
1kill yourself faggot
1my ordering of those:golden boyserial experiments laintrigunslayersutenahavent seen seikai no monshou, nadia, or bubblegum crisis
90Be-Boy Kidnapping Idol was unusual. I was expecting something more akin to Cipher the Video but it was exactly what the title described.
8The end screen was reassuring.
1that's not much of a spoonfeed, the boy did his homeworks first, asking for an opinion is quite different than asking to be spoonfeeded.
7If you haven't already, I recommend watching Cipher the Video. It's from 1989 as well, and it's basically Footloose the anime.It was everything I had originally hoped to see in Be-Boy when I read the title.
8LotGHwatching shouen trash
Just started Urusei Yatsura but Lum's cousin Ten is annoying as Hell.He's like the Scrappy Doo to her Scooby.Does he ever leave?
7You'll get used to him. He's such a shit, he's too funny.
4I have.it's basically Footloose the animeThat aspect was the best, but it also kinda made me want to read the actual story. I wish the manga was more easily obtainable.
0I'm currently trying to watch Tekkaman Blade. Boy did that show have no budget.
1I could hardly understand the plot of the story thanks to how the anime portrays it. If there's a manga, it definitely needs to be read to actually get the gist of it.The "making of" section of the anime was neat though.
I'll admit, I haven't watched older anime in ages mostly due to seasonal stuff being easier to fit into a schedule of work and weeb games but I've been tempted to start watching older shows with cute girls in them to ease me into it again. Probably stuff like Video Girl Ai, Dirty Pair and Those Who Hunt Elves.Although I did watch Legend of Lemnear recently, technically it was awful but it had a cheesy appeal to it and retro nudity is way better than modern ecchi.
0Yeah it has whole 12 volumes worth of story.
6Most of them have awful art as well. Frankly, doujinshi is better now.
7He gets better. Mostly when Ataru is pummeling the hell out of him.
0technically it was awfulbullshit, it was wonderfully animated.
0I meant in terms of story telling and writing, the animation was great.
2 television anime budget Pick one.
I'm watching Ribbon no Kishi dubbed right now.
9There isn't any other way to watch it really.
But I do. I just forgot to bring any on my trip.
0
, 
Let's all take a momment to appreciate Abe-san and yaranaika.
, 
Best DBZ no ball or GT FILM?Including history of trunks and bardock.me regrettably it's blisteringly too hard to choose between Bojack, Cooler's Revenge, wrath of the Dragon, history of trunks & bardock.They are the best the entire franchise has produced even better than almost anything in the show.Thanks for taking the time to vote. :
Nevermind.Some sick fuck is messing with the polls.
People of /a/, I bring to you very important information about your government. Please see the attached video provided by the Imperial Demon Army. I have retained the full quality and duration made available to us. This is not edited.You have been deceived. You have been told that a plane crashed into this wall, causing the destruction seen. Pay careful attention to the video.Where is the plane wreckage? If a plane did, in fact, crash into the wall protecting us, we should see engines lodged in the debris. We should see remnants of the tail. However, in this video we see none of these things. We only see the crumbling wall. Any video of a plane actually crashing into the wall has not been released.Why is the explosion so large and the resulting fire so small? The video shows a group of people walking over the sight of the wreckage mere seconds after the explosion. This simply would not be possible with the amount of jet fuel required to cause such an explosion. If a plane did, in fact, crash into the wall protecting us, the resulting fire should be massive and remain active for several minutes, possibly even hours. For there to be such an explosion and the resulting destruction but immediately afterward minimal fire, we can only conclude that a large amount of kinetic energy was expelled with almost no petroleum products involved.Ladies and gentlemen, I submit there can only be one answer to these questions. The explosion seen in this video was the result of a cruise missile. As we know, our enemy cannot launch cruise missiles to hit this target. This must have been an inside job. The Imperial Demon Army is trying to drag us into a war against a "Vampire" force for the purposes of acquiring resources. My friends, I beg you, do not fall for their lies.Stone walls can't melt steel planes.
Why noone reply to this yet? Did the jews shut it down?
99/11 still keking after 2 minutes
Open your eyes sheeple.
, 
Interhigh arc when?
1never
It would be hard to imagine SZS animated by another studio other than Shaft. Although I would like to see SZS animated by Gainax or KyoAni
Arpeggio of Blue Steel chapter 65.We are finally going to see a carrier in action. And USN ships arrived.
I really tried to like this series, I mean, I've enjoyed gits arise, which /a/ and general audience shits on it. But I enjoyed it. This? I just feel so apathetic while watching this. The fight scenes are good, but that's just about it. And just to save this shit they added lelouch, for what purpose? And they even announced that there's gonna be five episodes, not four. Just make the fucking r3 sunrise, but here I am, waiting for the subs for the 3rd episode and complaining. RAW is out since like the beginning of the may, but still no fucking subs. Why? Because fansubbers wait for the blu-ray release which will contain official subs. Fuck this /a/, this is the last time I wait for ova.
Dub or Sub?
Sub. Also, S2 never. ;_;
, 
Are you ready for more of this ball of sunshine?
Gatchaman Crowds is a lot more coherent when you realize it's a documentary about autism.
Her voice is too annoying, they should change her VA.
7Uchida Maaya is perfectSomeone please kill this pleb
0perfectJust another whore who get the roles by having sex with the bosses. She has no skill.
Not into Mary Sues. I'd take the semen demon green hair loli anytime though.
that smile from himhe loses it when he is off
2Rui is still alive so it's going to be awful.
4Good tastes.
Maaya Uchida kind of talks through her nose if you know what I mean
They wrapped up the theme of the human internal dark side/light side struggle as personified by Hajime and Katze pretty well. Ditto with the use of the internet and gamification as a tool for catalyzing human empathy and increasing its physical range of action.Now that Hajime and Katze merged I wonder if that'll allow Hajime to be a more interesting human being and if the show will continue with that struggle as a theme, or if it'll take some new direction entirely. Probably both and then some, given how busy the first season was.
2Utsutsu is the only character in this anime that might be autistic.
2
2I'm ready if Iwasaki comes back for the OST.
2ssu

2Whats her breast size?
GGGGGGGGGGGGATCHAMAAAAAAAANUNTZUNTZUNTZUNTZ
Are there no PVs? Why is the website still full of COMING SOONs?
Only if she stops being so one dimensional. I want to see her yell, cry, or even just frown for once in her life.
My body is ready for best gril.
1:Good enough?
1I want to see her yell, cry, or even just frown for once in her life.Didn't she yell that one time she transformed after that mad "This is what heroes are supposed to do!" moment?I don't even care if she's a mary sue or whatever. I just like having a main character who actually is a hero. Not some whiny cunt or beta dude in a harem, someone with questionable morals and a deep emotional struggle. Just a girl who acts like a real hero.
2This ball of sunshine?
1Buxom.
2Making her "break" and act out of character would ruin her as a character. Sometimes it's okay to have characters with unbreakable will.
2My dick sure as hell is ready.
this far inno one's posted about fucking traps in the assThis isn't a real Gatchaman thread.
, 
You will never say bye to her ;_;
, 
Would death be preferable?
6Eru teaching Isla how to make Tsukasa happyitstime
Can too much love kill a robot?
How does a robot blush?
3Prolly the same way she bleeds.
3It's not a robot, they grave rob people and put CPUs and 3D printed organs in them, it's pretty fucked up to be honest
So tell me mangafags, is there any arc that focus on Akutabe and Sakuma?
Are you fucking kidding me CR?
6AHAHA you have got to be kidding me. This isn't legit, right?
6Half the chapter is atrocious.
maybe it was the ripper's fault.
3CR's manga are just plain JPEGs. There's really nothing the ripper can fuck up.
3jesus christ.
Top lel
It's not like this is anything new with CR.
6It isn't just typesetting either. I mean, what the hell happened?
0
8
Reminder that these people are actually getting paid for this shit and CR doesn't hire anyone for manga-related positions.
5Reminder that there are people who are paying for this "service" too.
Sometimes I seriously wonder how much of an absolute loser you have to be to rely on poorly paid translation services.Learn Japanese already, kiddo. There's absolutely zero excuse.
Jesus Christ this thread is flaring up my autism.
This is rich.
67048Those CR shits need to be lynched. This is beyond atrocious.
Reminder that despite having shitty releases their whole Kawaisou is a total mess, CR's manga staff is RHS-tier most of the time.inb4 shill
3It's happened before. CR are just fuck ups in general.
0Except that since CR involves people getting paid since that is their job, they should be WAY more than just RHS tier. And CR really has no excuse for having that sort of shitty releases. I'm not expecting flawless service, but since you mentioned RHS, even RHS are much consistent in their releases and never fucked up as badly as CR.inb4 shillIf you are, then you're doing a terrible job of shilling.
3They obviously has some system to combine typesetting and blank pages. And here you see it fucking up without them doing any kind of QC.
9They're not even clearing some text in 7. They're even trying to put numbers on top of numbers.
0The redrawer and typesetter of Kawaisou should be fired but I don't think the userbase has complained or care enough about it, that's their excuse for these shitty releases also, maybe, time constraints? I don't know.Their releases -should- be better than RHS, just like their streaming service should be better than fansubs but for reasons we all know that's not the case. The difference here is that, unlike their streaming service, CR manga blows scanlations out of the water most of the time and I'm honestly thankful for that not like I pay for it, I'm thankful for the people who rip it.
It was better than Cowboy Bebop.
difficult to say better but it was without a doubt deeper.Ridiculously deep and symbolic and that was a highlight of the series.
7part 2 wasn't that great
The sky is also blue.
Nope
what episode did i leave off again? after the guy who everyone bet on what his name was or something
First half was fantastic. The rest was edgy 2deep4u trash.
0edgycompletely baseless and untrue2deep4uIf you honestly thought that was 2deep4u that's pretty embarrassing. Maybe it really was too deep for you.
7Tomato?
3Never seen a bluer sky
8yes
3Actually it's green.
7I might agree if S2 didn't exist
Dorothy needed more screen time he'll I'll take an anime just based on her daily activities
7I remember watching this as a kid and thinkingWell it's alright but it's kind of dull and abstract for an anime.I expected anime like Big O to be the norm. Lol
3It's actually every color but blue.
why all chinese people take ketchup to the toilet?
0We've seen that. She plays the piano in the mornings to piss Roger off.
people didn't like season 2I could go on about all the reasons why I loved season 2 but none of them matter because the only reason you need is that best girl won, Angel got NTR'd by Dorothy and it was beautiful.
Schwarzwald is best girl
2 Tailor everything so it's impossible to lose. Still lose.Sasuga
One Piece grils are actually nice if Oda would just fix their waistlines.
8
8Pretty much.
8Thats why Shirahoshi is hot, her waistline is actually great.
8That is some weird ass figure.
8Is this real?
1if you strap a corset for a long period of time and adjust it every day so it is tighter and tighter your organs will start to rearrange and you would end up like that
8 he has a creative artstyle/character design but somehow manages to make every girl look exactly the same
6That's disturbing.
4I guess it's just that subconsciously or not he chooses to make all females which are supposed to be attractive, according to the same idealized mold. There is a variety in general, it's just that all the beauties are very similar.
8One Piecepic shows two piece
8thanks mr skeltal
claim to not be attracted to 3Dwant 2D to be just like themGo away you faker
8vivi
one piece has characters that look like this"these waistlines on women are unrealistic!"
9Yes, but also a testament to the adaptability of the human body
0And he wonders why his daughters like precure more then one piece
5Kuma never forgets the legday
5Males get to have all kinds of different bodyshapesFemales are all Supermodels with thin waistlinesAnd you really dont see a problem with that?
5Turn them upside-down and you get the other one.
1Not at all. I'm not gay or a sjw. :^
1There are plenty of different looking women. It's just the pretty ones with same body type. otohime didn't have big ass tits which was cool
1The waistline and bust sizes have been pit of control since before the time skip. It bugs my eyes because it looks wierd.5Because there are realistic guys but all the girls bodies have gone to crazy slim. The intentionally ugly ones are fine but the "normal" ones reallu have decressed in qualirtty with Oda being unable to do great female character designs. They are all pretty meh now.
1In general we have a pretty fixed view on what a good looking woman is. It's not like Oda doesn't draw other women types, we just consider those ugly
5It just looks weird. Take Nami for example, she actually looked pretty good when she was first introduced, now though, not anywhere near as much. Boa is about the only one that looks relatively decent.
1My God. This keyboard and no sleep equal terrible posts. I'm so sorry for the typos.
Post semen demons
I hope I'm not the only person still watching this.There was something incredibly sexual about these two playing against each other in the last episode.
Natsu a cuteThis is probably my favorite show of the season
Wait til we see the fucken confession.
Does /a/ hate Baby Steps?I hope I'm not the only person still watching this.You fucking whinny newfag bitches, stop bitching.
Is it bad that I want Ei-chan to lose All-Japan and then have to go back to school and attempting to make up for lost time to get past the brutal elite college entrance exams?Cause I really do not want to see a kid who started playing tennis at 16 to become the best amateur player in Japan.
8He started at 15. And far from the first to do so.
8He really worked hard to earn his position though.
New manga chapters can't come soon enough, and I'm not even talking about the snail-paced translations.
I don't get it, I know nothing about gardening, what's wrong with the soil ?
6I think it's meant as a metaphor for their relationship.
6did someone covered the plants?Maybe he thought the soil should be muddy after rain poured.
6Firm soil is bad, since water/air/other good shit can't get into the soil, and so the plants can't uptake that through the roots and they die.
Everyone's Yandere : The Mangait seem's so obvious, why was it never done before now?
, 
, 
