, 
What do we want?S3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!When do we want it?Now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8What do we want?accelerator + last order, SoL spin off
8Whose opening themes do we want?Fill in the blanks /a/:____ ______
8There's so much things wrong with this post. Kill yourself retard.
8Biribiri wearing panties instead of shortsAs much as I find such a thing cuter, it just doesn't feel right.Though there is at least two pieces of official art of Biribiri where she's not wearing short underneath a skirt/dress and instead is only wearing panties.
8Biribiri wearing panties instead of shortsThe imge is burned in my brain.
8Aleister to get out and kick some ass.
8Index 3 would be such a cluster fuck to animate I'd honestly would prefer a new season of railgun instead which covers the festival arc and yeah i don't give a shit about the fillers after since not like i gotta watch it.
How do you improve your taste in anime?
Watch Needless a hundred times.
6Lurk more and realize that it doesn't matter.
6self honesty
6I don't know about improving taste, but you can certainly become more well rounded by watching a lot of series and not following recommendation lists. Just explore and watch random stuff.
6Watch everything. When asked, say that show x was okay.
6By going on /a/ and posting inflammatory comments to sway the general opinion of what's good and what's shit to be more in line with my own.
6By keeping your mouth shut
not letting /a/ slowly mindbreak you into agreeing with the general consensusOne day before I knew it, all my favorite shows were just what's seemingly well liked on /a/.
Implying I give a shitI watch whatever entertains mewill trigger youAlso, Steins;gate is garbage that's when I learned not to listen to /a/.
9wew ladSo is IS that bad
Keep watching until you realize everything is shit.
9Reminder that Komeji was permabanned for attention whoring and shitposting years ago.Report every time you see him whoring his MAL here.
4I'm not Komeji.I'm RuggarellI actually like anime unlike Komeji. He even admits he hates Anime and only watches it to review them.
31 days 31 volumes Tonight we meet an Assassin and sea monsterVol 1: 2: 
7Starting off from last night
1
5
4
0
0
nth for /a/ needs to sort their catalogs by last reply
I am monitoring this thread, OP.
7
3
8
7
3all those commieblocksIt's just like your average Slav country.
6
9
0
0
6
3
7
4
9
1
6
7
4
1
9
Thanks OP.I think it was asked before but I will ask-I am really enjoying it so far, will there be some serious arcs or it will be the same?
95It's mostly the same but there are serious arcs that change up the monster of the week formula
2
0
5Its monster of the week but it has more serious arc that last longer and the overarching arc around Tora and the spear
5
1
it's been so long I've already forgotten how this manga was ended.
8
92They win.
5
6
0
9
8
6
7
9
I'm so hyped for the anime! It's gonna be AOTS!
8
74While I don't know about AotS with how many possible episodes it'll have, I'm confident it would at least be pretty solid.
2And now we finally arrive to Volume 3
3
What does /a/ think about Yoshiyuki Sadamoto?
6Troll god
6Thanks for Rei.
6He looks like a maids rapist.
Just 8 days left.
6Holy shit it still exists?I've forgotten half of everything already though
0Might as well reread it at this point. It takes no more than a few hours to read a volume.
1Why did it take so long? Was the author crippled or something?
9Working on different novels F-Rank no Boukun and Bokura wa Mahou Shoujo no Naka and getting married. The final volume was finished a back in March or April, but is only going to be published on June 10th.
Fucking. Finally.Hope Euth TLs day and night. Need my fix.
6Maria waving goodbyeSo what are the odds of a tragic/bittersweet ending?
9Hopefully that is Aya waving, not Maria.
This worth reading?
8This is one of the better LNs out there. Vol 2 is definitely the weakest of the bunch. The last two 5-6 are amazing in comparison and ties a lot of threads together.
8Do you like Yandere males killing bitches and ho's to try to save his waifu?If so, HakoMari is right up your alley!MC doesn't start Yandere though, it's a slow decline into insanity.
89I see, seems kind of interesting. I'll put it on my backlog and read it sometime later this week, thanks.
9crush people's hopes and dreamsstab bitches that get in your wayexploit his friends via manipulation, destroying their friendship in the processwilling to genocide the worldall for saving his girl
8No. It's edgy, senseless garbage.
It's the last novel, right?
5
4Well, a box does have a lot of edges. Your point?
6Yep.
Why is Daiya such shit? I mean Hoshino was shit too but it feels like the author was trying to make me sympathize with Daiya and ended up failing to do so.
6Yup.
7I'm curious if O will give Hoshino or Kirino a box to stall Kazuki?Seems like either that will happen or Aya will use Flawed Bliss on Kazuki to trap him, who will then be forced to overcome it with the power of Yandere love.
4I say this because Hoshino is super pissed at Kazuki for what he did. It wouldn't surprise me if he tried to stop Kazuki.
4Give box to Hoshino to stall KazukiWait, what did I missed?
3Haruaki, not Hoshino.
Anyone feel strangely attracted to Kasumi Mogi? I mean, she wasn't even that relevant for most past but I ended up liking her anyway.
4I feel bad for her. She inadvertently caused the guy she liked to fall for another girl, and watched it slowly happen over all those resets.
8It's been a looong while since I read vol.1. Did she keep all those memory? What happened in the end after her box was destroyed?
2Yea, she remembers. After her box went poof she was hit by the truck and is now paralyzed from the waist down. She had little to no role past vol1 until vol 5-6 when she was abducted from the hospital to force Kazuki's hand when he was fighting Daiya.See: 4She's in a wheelchair
Shame this isn't more popular; I guess waiting two-three years to write the final volume will do that.I just hope this doesn't have a bullshit ending like Shieldbro, where everything gets wiped out and erased for zero reason other than loltragedy.
9Are you shitting me right now?
9It would actually makes sense for Hakomari to have a tragic ending, though. Everything has been leading to it.
The heck is Flawed Bliss?Is it some kind of super escapism box?
3Lets just hope it isn't a cliche tragic end.
4Flawed Bliss is Maria's box. Just like the Empty Box is Kazuki's box.
5Yes, I know it's her box. But what's it power? Putting people into her box and let them lives the dream forever?
4More specifically, the Flawed Bliss is  a box that grants imperfect wishes, like an asshole Genie taking a wish literally. Hence why it is called Flawed Bliss.
6From what we've seen, that is the general idea. Nana and that other guy completely vanished after having Flawed Bliss used on them.I expect Aya will use it on Kazuki, perhaps in self defense. He will be forced to confront his demons Nana in order to get out and save Maria. At least I think that will happen.
9I expect Aya will use it on Kazuki, perhaps in self defenseWouldn't go against everything she stands for? If anything it's going Kuzuki who used to it to make some kind of paradoxical wish.
2Kazuki has mastered his box, while Aya is trapped in a never ending prison by hers. If threatened with destruction, Aya could lash out at Kazuki. Could, not would.I wonder though, if Kazuki truly got his Empty Box from O or what. It seems paradoxical that O would give him that power, unless she is trying to save Maria from herself.
3if Kazuki truly got his Empty Box from O or what.Huh, didn't O already said that they BOTH came from Maria's wish?
6Flawed Bliss is what brings O into realityIf Maria uses herself it does something else but it's never specified on what it does other than it makes her lose her memories and the whoever the box directed to disappear
37There, this part "Is that so? But there's more! ...'She' had contradicting desires after seeing such a savior. On one hand, she wanted to grant 'wishes' whatever it takes, but on the other hand, she yearned for someone to stop her."I've already known that. She told me about her true feelings inside the 'Game of Idleness'."The doubts about her 'wish' were compatible with the part of her that wishes for someone to stop her, so they combined. A 'box' grants wishes exactly as they are. In other words, the 'box' also granted her the self-contradictory conviction that a savior will come and crush her own 'wish'."—What?After perceiving me as a savior?Meaning that the savior has received the power to crush 'wishes' from her 'box'?"Haven't you ever wondered why you were able to retain your memories inside the 'Rejecting Classroom' when you weren't an 'owner'? Why you remained completely unaffected when Iroha Shindou over here stepped on your shadow? Wouldn't it be rather logical to assume that you have been under the influence of the 'Flawed Bliss' all along, and thus could resist the power of these 'boxes'?"The 'Flawed Bliss' had two powers.The power to create 'O'.And the power to create the "savior"."Her 'box' assigned you the role of a savior. Or should I say..." 
7Maybe, but a lot of O's actions are contradictions.The only thing I can think of is that Aya knows how harmful her wish is on Maria and wants to save her just like Kazuki. It's the most plausible answer.O has also never properly told anyone the reason why Maria even acquired her, which I expect will happen at the start of vol 7, since they meet at the end of v6.
1We know she only thinks of him as a savior because of Nana. I'm curious if her using Flawed bliss on Daiya will cause any more changes?
For example: O claims that Flawed Bliss is an external box because Maria completely believes in her wish. But if that's true, why does her wish have a savior clause written in? Doesn't that contradict herself and mean she doesn't think her wish is 100% possible?In that case, there is a high chance her box is either internal or some hybrid thing. I dunno. An internal Flawed Bliss would mean the whole series was meaningless, though. Meh.
3Here is O's explanation:Depending on the answer, my will might break. That's how crucial my question is."Is the 'Flawed Bliss' an external 'box'?"There are two types of 'boxes': external and internal. The type of a 'box' is determined by how strongly the 'owner' believes that his or her 'wish' can possibly come true in the real world.So let's pretend the 'Flawed Bliss' were an internal 'box', reflecting the scenario where an 'owner' didn't believe in her 'wish.' While it can vary depending on its level of power, an internal-type 'box' usually does not affect the real world. That means that all the miracles that have been called forth by a 'box' up until now—the 'Rejecting Classroom', the 'Sevennight in Mud' and the 'Game of Idleness'—would have taken place in a fake world. This whole story would be no more than a dream of Aya's.Of course, the same would apply to the 'Shadow of Sin and Punishment'.I can't accept such a laughable outcome, nor would I be able to endure it.If her 'box' is not external, all my actions will have been rendered futile."Yes, it is; and level 10 even. She believes that she can make others happy with absolute purity. Rest assured, your concerns are superfluous."It sounds like she's telling the truth.Aah, that's a relief. The things I've done won't be rendered null and void.
7I guess we will find out soon whether or not O is a liar or if that is just a plot hole.
7It sounds like she's telling the truth.4Either O lied or this is a plot hole.
Ugh, my head hurts.
Wonder how long it'll take for v7 to be translated.
I can't remember what this was all about.I do remember liking it though.Oh right, the MC turns yandere for the girl and she NTR's her for that other guy.All the box shit confused me before, and i can't remember if i got it all down. Guess it's time for a reread.
8Like a month.
What is your excuse for not learning Japanese, /a/?
I did it when I was 3
1It would take too long and it is like learning two languages at once, I can't wrap my head around all that
1Pic isn't related to me, as I know Hiragana and Katakana decently. The kanji and the grammar are a bitch though.
6Just start with learning the letters/alphabeth whatever. Hiragana and Katakana.Once you have that down it shouldn't take too much effort.I might be wrong tho.
1It'll take too long.
1Because it is an inferior language that will die out. Fucking Elevens don't even breed with themselves. I choose to learn the superior language, Mandarin Chinese.
Because it would dispel the sort of 'fantasy' feel to anime.Anime is supposed to be fantasy worlds with a fantasy language, it's a perfect world to which one can escape to.If I understand what people are saying it'll just be some imitation Japan where people speak weirdly. Like watching Western cartoons where everyone speaks unnaturally, it breaks the immersion if I know what they're saying. Therefore my ignorance of Japanese actually contributes to my escapist pleasure, anime isn't an imitation of a real place, it's a perfect imaginary world. Real Japan doesn't exist to me.
6Because it is an inferior language that will die out.I love this meme.
I already did. Feels good being a LNfag.
6What VNs can you play with mandarin chinese?
6ching chong nip nong ding dong
I already am.
got to 600~ kanjistopped readingstopped learning new onesbarely remember when i try to start again
6I prefer orange chicken when I order chinese but whatever floats your boat.
6Learn Korean instead
1learning a language from a country that is xenophobicYou're better off learning Mandarin Chinese - more beneficial.
探しにゆくんだ　そこへI'll look for it in the promised landthere's nothing about a promised land in the lyricsLearning Japanese ruined fansubs for me, at least for songs.
6I can never remember the fucking strokes it's too hard for my low attention span and crappy memory
51426Filthy Gwai-Lo go home.
2wanting to learn the language of some shitty American vassal state who tries their hardest to be white and just has some cheap knockoff of American cultureEverything South Korean is a fucking joke.
1Damn, you wrote the sound down in English underneath each kana? I think the one at the top would've been sufficient.
I'll start now. Hope in a year I'll at least be able to read shounen manga.
But I'm learning Japanese at a Japanese university and even got into the top class due to my skills learned from anime.
1Because I watch chinese cartoons to take it easy and want to kill myself less.
Why would i invest money and a massive amount of time learning something virtually useless?
1難しい英語わかりませ～ん！
5Depends on your definition of "read." If you mean stopping here and there for a dictionary check then it's plausible.
9You're wrong.
7gotta drill it into his head.
9どこの大学ですか？
8learning to writeWe have keyboards for a reason.
8Bingo. I thought about trying to learn Japanese until I realized that it would make watching anime shittier. If I understood what they were saying I would also realize that the writing is pretty crap like most cartoons around the world. It has a different feel when you read the subtitles, making it more of a story book with pictures.
5You can become a teacher in Japan.
6Chinese is a seriously awful to learn after studying it for 5 years. Rather learn Japanese any day.
This little girl from New Jersey did it.
Too busy not watching anime
1Writing 'su' everytimeThe whole fucking point of drilling it is so that you start thinking of the character/the sound when you hear it/see it, not the romaji of it you autistic fuck.
2Go away fake-koreaboo.
Because I don't give a shit about it.
I can't think of any conceivable way in which learning Japanese would benefit me. I'm content to mutter the few phrases and terms I know
Because It's not like I'm ever going to Japan or conducting business with the Japanese directly. Also I find that learning a language just for a hobby that may not last much longer in my case to be pretty pointless.
8I never thought about it this way, but what you're saying makes a lot of sense.I'm still going to continue learning it; all that untranslated stuff is too good to pass up.
4The character design for that shit was horrible.
Because it would take 4 to 8 yearsdepending on how many hours you devote to your new autist-hobby everyday to reach any level of notable skill.
1Thisそれある！
1Did you really need to write them out so many times to learn them?You do know that you will see them everywhere since you will start by decomposing kanji right?
2I study 2 hours a day and can read LNs after a year and a half. Manga is even easier.
I gave up learning and instead just proceeded with drawing
8Watch me rationalize not learning it because it's hardEnjoy not getting to watch raws and untranslated stuff
4言いたいのは山々なんですが、私の名前がばれる危険がありますので、残念ながら答えられません。それに、ここは私のブログではありません。
4だようね～！
1Because it's a shitty language.
1Just started four days ago.Got all the hiragana down, starting katakana tomorrow.
1learning the difficult language of a culture that is going extinct
ITT: american shits keep defending their inability to learn non-english language and threats of nuking Japan for good
2
8Funny, my better understanding of the language has made the media far better. Shit just can't be translated well, the language is too different.
Almost done with my first month not counting the week or so when I tried learning 3 years ago.85I tried to learn writing to see if it would actually help increase my retention but it just slowed me down a lot.0What sort of benefits? Why would I want to talk to chinks?
0Is that any way to talk about the greatest empire the world has ever known and the protector of freedom around the globe? How much do you want to be your country relies on some part on the USA's military might for its self-defense?
2Do realkana and get that shit done in 3 hours.
1I'm lazy and get bored very easily, so I don't put any actual effort into learning or doing something for more than a week, outside of drawing. It's why I have a backlog of anime, video games, movies, books, etc. Also why I still don't know a lick of Spanish despite taking it for 3 years in High School.
2Kek, I didn't realise he was writing the fucking romaji out. Ah, beginners.
2Writing just slows you down. Just think of kanji as components of radicals like a sort of alphabet and memorize the meaning along with whatever vocab that accompanies it. Anki is a godsend.
I have been for about a year but my motivation is lagging badly. It's not like I get any use out of it, everything is scanlated or subbed better than I could translate it myself, and it takes a long time to get any good at it unless you have significant time to sink into it I don't.
Does it even fucking matter? You're not going to be at a level proficient enough anytime soon.
1せ in す
Remember, there's two steps to learning Japanese1. Learn the kana.2. Learn the rest of the fucking language.
5everything is scanlated or subbed better than I could translate it myselfClearly, you're retarded.
Part of the problem of learning Japanese is that the grammar is fucking hard and English guides do a poor job of explaining it. I have yet to see an English grammar guide to Japanese that wasn't crap.
5Cool, thanks.I've just been watching nukemarine's videos and I found them useful.I'll see how fast katakana comes to me with realkana.
I can't even keep up with all the translated content. For me, the time and effort it takes to learn Japanese outweigh the benefits.
1So basically you bluff was called, and you're not able to even make up the name of a university to cover your ass.
7Japanese is a language with much laxer rules than English. The issue isn't that the guides are bad, it's that your mindset expects "犬だ。" to mean the same thing all the time, when it can mean fucking anything depending on the preceding sentence or the situational context.
9he doesn't want to be a LNfagBelieve me, there is no greater joy than being a LNfag and shitposting in a Saekano thread.
I started learning about 2 years ago and really fell in love with it. I think it fit with my personality which tolerates repetitive drills and routine well. I'd like to learn Chinese too in the future since I already know how to learn kanji.
0Note how he used all ezmode words that even a beginner like me knows.
0Shit, Untuned Strings stopped translating Baccano didn't he?If that shit comes out I'll never be able to read it.
Why do people learning Japanese always try to one-up each other? Why can't you all just be help each other in your journey?
Is it worth becoming a teacher in grorius nippon? Will I fall in love with a fifth grader?
7thanks DJT
Because I was slacking at Uni and had to go MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE to get shit done this year THREE major group projects, fucking unbelievable, now I've got like 5000 reviews waiting for me in Anki and I don't even want to look at it.Maybe I'll get back into it after my last exam tomorrow.
1I tried, it seems i'm too stupid.
0reading LNsHow utterly disgusting. You do realise they're just trash fiction, right? At least animu and mangos have tits and ass, and cute VA work.The dude is retarded for not being able to keep up with translated stuff, given 90% of it is trash you shouldn't even pay attention to, but LNs are pretty much the worst thing out of Japan. I think more of the normies who learn nip just to get dat sideways manko.
2It is not enough that I succeed, others must fail.
7That's not really what I was getting at. It's more like how grammar guides omit information like how they don't cover all the definitions of に it doesn't just indicate direction or the dictionary form of a verb it doesn't just mean future and habitual action. There's also the piece of shit called the ている verb that can indicate both resultave and progressive action and context can often plausibly support both.
2The amphetamines create aggressiveness.
4IMO LNs are for anime/manga fans who got tired of the currently popular character design styles and just want manga/anime plot with out the visual help just to keep up with the current fad.
Maybe after my time in the military is over
4Well, most LNs are shit, but I do feel that some are well-written. I only plan to be a LNfag for the stuff I like anyway.
5DOJG is pretty good for full information.The point I'm making is that ambiguity is a real mainstay of the Japanese language. You have to train yourself to interpret the sentences not as one or the other, but as both.
9Couldn't you just request stationing in Okinawa?
9This too, I don't have adderall so it's not like I'll be able to learn anyway.You can't learn Japanese without amphetamines.
2Oh god, I hate ambiguity. Just a pain in the ass, I feel like English is so much more direct and convenient. At some point, a Japanese learner that wants to improve has to abandon English dictionaries for Japanese ones, especially if they want to improve their grammar. Reading Japanese explanations for particles is way more informative than the overly basic ones in stuff like Tae Kim.
1Pic would be better without "fucking".
0Go shilling your putrid language somewhere else, Xi.
4No it fucking wouldn't.
4English still has ambiguity, plenty of words mean different shit and sound or look the same. But they're easily reconciled in context, while Japanese has points where the topic is unknown, leading to awkward shit translations like "we better use THAT".
9Too lazy not too stupid. Even babies can learn languages.
And yet all of you are so fucking worthless. All those niche drama CDs and LNs to be translated but no, just bullshit these days.Fuck. You.
And here's someone on the other side of the coin who would fit into this thread well.
9Wah wah, you're worthless for not helping meEver think that we're trying to help you? Feed a man a fish, he'll be full for a day. Teach a man to fish, he'll never go hungry again.
8I wouldn't say this analogy fits that well with a fucking language.
5Well, I can handle ambiguity in meanings, it's ambiguity in grammar that bothers me. In English, the most trouble you'll find is differentiating between the past participle and the passive form of a verb. In Japanese, it's a clusterfuck of finding the subject, differentiating between the two meanings of ている, and general bullshit like the dictionary form of a verb not working like it's supposed to why the hell can 慣れないこと and 慣れていないこと mean the same thing.
9You're very wrong.
9I've studied it for about that long as well. Indeed, seriously awful language to learn.Learning Japanese was a fucking breeze in comparison.
1I taught myself basic Japanese a few years ago, and I eventually plan on taking those Japanese tutorial things in the future.
0嫉妬かね？9＞山々＞簡単はいはいワロスワロスまあ、君の泣き面は面白いから、特別に教えてあげよう。　東海大学だよ
I have Shia LeBouf to tell me to do my reps everyday.
7If you enjoy the content, and you see yourself spending a decent proportion of time on it over your life, why not spend a few months learning it, then a couple of years reading stuff that'll never be translated?4A lot of it comes down to experience. The more you read, the more you'll encounter and remember the exceptions, the faster you'll be able to parse whole sentences. There comes a point where you're no longer translating as you go along, but instead parsing it in Japanese. It's easier if it's your third language, ESLs have a better time of it.
4What VNs can you play with mandarin chinese?There's actually surprisingly almost the exact same amount of VNs translated into Chinese that there are in English. I say surprising because you'd expect there to be more given that it's easier for Chinese speakers to learn Japanese than for native English speakers.Turns out the official translated work boosts the translated English VN count by quite a lot. Whereas a much larger percentage of Chinese translations are done by fans.AnywaysWhat VNs can you play with mandarin chinese?Muramasa is a big one.
Finished learning kana two years agoHaven't done anything after that
Because I'm learning Chinese as a shamefur dispray 2nd-gen.
4parents want me to learn Chinese so that I can talk to them betterlearn Japanese instead because I like anime No regrets.
tfw have spent the last 4 years trying to become fluent in every official UN language
8Some words of warning:China's popular culture is nearly inexistent.Therefore the sort and amount of reading/watching materialimmersion material you can get your hands on is limited.Hope you enjoy Chinese history and Wuxia. Nearly no intermediate reading or listening material, no easy SoL anime or baby LN/VNs.
6And how has it been going? Good?
0I regret not learning Chinese when I was younger, would have helped so much with learning Japanese rip.
I am retarded
double major in Chinese and Japaneseuse Chinese at workonly use Japanese when watching anime or browsing pixivhorribly rustycan't write kanji/traditional from memory anymore
1Laziness
8This is were I am too. For now I'm just trying to get them understood by phonetically so I can watch/hear all my chinese cartoons raw without probems. After I plan to building the strokes and shapes.
1Because the University System where I live, Vienna, is a piece of shit.I already knew 500 kanji, could write pretty fast but because of that stupid system and my nonexistent discipline I already forgot most of that.
1Kanji
8If you enjoy the content, and you see yourself spending a decent proportion of time on it over your life, why not spend a few months learning it, then a couple of years reading stuffThis. You only really need to study hard for a year or less. After that you can just read an hour a day and casual your way to mastery. After a while you can begin watching anime raw. That will further reinforce your reading skills and your reading will further reinforce your listening skills.
6ArabicChineseRussian
6SPYPY
6How's risking your everyday life going
8It won't ruin your fantasy at all if you understand japanese, because the way real japanese people and anime characters talking is very different. No one in japan talks like anime did.
6only if you count native Chinese mediaif you want easy reading material, just play Chinese translated nukige.
1Because I started when I was thirteen and gave up, and going back to something I could have done ten years ago is too embarassing.
9I always laugh when a complete beginner tells me that the thought of learning ~2500 symbols made up of easily identifiable fragments is scary.Was learning ~20,000 English words scary? Look at all the little letters put together, they're terrifying!Kanji exist only to make learning Japanese a million times easier. They're by far the nicest part of the language, after kana.
8this6no nigga in real life is gonna walking around going TEMEEE or KISAMA
5Writing is easy. On and kun are horrible.
9There are some grammatical issues with the sentence, but it's intended meaning is still easy to pick get. I give this person at least 2 years of study in the language.
I'm a lazy fat lo
5Not if you have a basic mnemonic system. There's no difference between having a keyword for a radical, and a keyword for a pronunciation.The only readings you actually have to remember are the uncommon exceptions, which are easy because they're found in jukugo, actual words.
7it's
8Didn't think about that. True that's actually a pretty good idea.It's even better if you already know Japanese.
5Oh please, 3K kanji combine take an absolutely huge vocab pool in common use, probably much higher than one needed for English. I'd guess a vocab pool ranging from 30K-50K if you want to read Japanese fiction without using a dictionary. I've tested my English vocab range and I'm not even at 20K range, and I'm fluent.
cronical fatigue
5Kanji exist only to make learning Sino-Japanese vocubalary a million times easier
3Chronic
5auto correct is an asshole.
Want to learn Japanese, but I need to learn Russian so I don't kicked out of my fucking schoolfuck living in this shitty country, fuck russian. I could probably make progress if I didn't hate that fucking language.
Too busy with Chinese.
020k is the baseline for native level, so you're not truly fluent.30-50k is a farce, Japanese has way more conjugations than English. A comparable count would put the entire language at maybe 30k, with the general public knowing 15k true words.3.5k kanji is about the upper limit, with a thousand of those being used solely for names which are always written with the pronunciation somewhere. 400 are rare, non-jouyou, and another 300 are uncommon in daily life, leaving you with about 1.7k used on a day to day basis.
Because I'm native Japanese tbh.
7pick get.Wow, maybe I shouldn't use my phone to respond because I'm obviously retarded.
1Too lazy, too much effort and not enough money.
1I'm learning math. A superior language.
9not enough money.Yeah, those internet bills sure are steep.
want to learn japanesewant to learn my guitar, or even my keyboardwant to read more books and become well read and knowledgeablewant to start studying courses for next semester so I have a head start and don't end up with D's againBut I also want to keep browsing 4chan for 14 hours a day.What do I do? I suppose the last one on that list is the most important.
5wanting to be a math teacherKill yourself.
1If you have a bachelor's degree.
2Just shitpost in the Japanese thread
1Knowing 4 languages is enough for me
7Math teacherlelPhD in Mathamatics300k startingAny job I want
9falling for that meme
9Any job I wantWhat kind of job are we talking here?I assume you're not going to be a dolphin trainer with your math phd.
9The best part about Japanese is learning that Japanese people literally won't understand words that were in common use 50 years ago in conversations.
9Day to day basis has no bearing on fiction. For fiction you definitely need 3K kanji. There are lots of kanji such as 凛 in fiction that are not covered in jouyou. Also, I was born in America and English was my first language. Don't ask me how I can read fiction with little trouble even though my vocab isn't even 20K.
7pickup some words pls
6German is even more inferior since germans don't breed, their fertility rate is lowest in the world now. Japs breed more than germans yet tons of anons here speak German as secondary or tertiary language.
9Any job I wantI'm surprised anyone actually fall for that shit.
3I was born in America and English was my first languageThat explains you being retarded, then. Christ, native and not even at 20k? Have you never read anything longer than a pamphlet?
9Well, that could just be because the test isn't accurate. I can read novels with no problem, so my only conclusion is that Japanese has much more words in common USD than English does. I have a 10K Japanese vocab and I feel like I'm barely scratching the surface on what's needed for fiction.
7I think my math tutor in high school fell for it. He was doing his graduate studies in math and he said that he would have enough malleability to get any job he wants when he's done.
2USDMeant usage.
210k may not be accurate. A lot of core is just words you already know with different conjugations.
6I only finished 6K. The rest was picked up from reading. 6A lot of core is just words you already know with different conjugations.Like what? New conjugations are still words.
3He probably had a certain range of things he might want in mind and maybe he had a different undergrad degree that would expand his range?
6How to read this?緑輝
6scribbly scroobly
6safaia
1foreign English teacherThis is like the lowest possible social status you can possibly attain without being a baraku.The other teachers will mock you. Random guys on the street will mock you. Your students will mock you.You are justifiably viewed as someone so worthless you couldn't learn a science and had to flee their own country to sell a skill that anybody can pick up.
3Correct sir!
9So "eat" and "eating" are different words in your book? If you understand "eat", and you understand "-ing", then you basically double your wordcount. Conjugations are not words in the true sense.6Shining green? Can't possibly be anything but Sapphire. Names are easy, they always mention the reading.
8When I meant examples, I meant actual examples from Core 6k. I can't remember anything like the example of "eat" and 'eating" you just posted.
Because learning a language is 80% having someone to practice with and none of my friends speak Japanese.Obviously you can't learn a skill which is 'talking to people' when you're terrified of other people.
6anybody but most japanese people
52 seconds of scrolling found me 弱まる, 弱める, 弱る, and 弱み.
1Too lazy
3The ones living in America usually manage to pick it up for reasons 5 went into. Learning a language is not hard if you have people to practice with.
9Literally missing out on nothing.
6Now I can't say for sure that what you're saying is BS in Japan but I was a part-time English teacher in France to help out kids and that is total fucking garbage.Having foreign teachers who actually lived in that country and speak it correctly with no shit accent is valuable.That being said, if you go to Japan and say that your hobbies are only anime/manga then you will look like a fucking queer.
8I can say the same.
7That's a good point, but those all still mean different things and should still be treated as different words unlike how "eating" is just a grammatical modification of "eat." Like, these things still need to be pointed or else people will do shit like confuse 強がる's meaning with 強まる's.
3What was his second study? Yeah math is malleable but he doesn't have any knowledge or experience in a field that actually make money, it's a waste.
61comparing English teacher in France to English teacher in one of the most xenophobic countries on EarthWhat he's saying sounds like a bad case, but not unfeasible. There's plenty of vlogs about English teachers in Japan sharing their experience. About 99% of the experiences I've seen are bad.Pay is shit, students are assholes, co-worker culture is bad and you're expected to abide by their culture or they will ostracize you even more than they already do. General public will treat you like an alien.Visit Japan if you want, don't live there, and for the love of god and your own fucking sanity DO NOT work there under any circumstance or profession.
4I feel like English is so much more direct and convenient.It isn't, you're just used to it.
4This. Touching is more direct and convenient.
4Really? English has a future tense and clearly distinguishes between a progressive and resultave action. The word "is" is so convenient. It's so clear on what is being modified. Meanwhile, in a sentence like 君は帰ってもいい it is unclear which word いい is modifying.
1Pay is shit, students are assholes, co-worker culture is bad and you're expected to abide by their culture or they will ostracize you even more than they already do. General public will treat you like an alien.Sounds like living in any nation as an immigrant.
4I don't know. My native language is Latvian, but I still feel like English is better sounding and more convenient.
6Oh, I'm pretty sure it was straight math. It was a while ago though, I admit, and I didn't delve much further into the topic.I'd remember if he said anything about any other majors though.
I'll post my issue here.The grammar isn't much of a problem, since I can sorta "feel" my way through it from the grammar that sticks to me by listening to anime or songs. Although when presented with more complex sentences, it does become a problem because I never bothered to study the exact rules for each grammar, although I do read Tae Kim.The real problem is that I can't fucking learn any kanji for the life of me. All I can write is 何, 子, 好, 車, and alike because they're so simple, but I even struggle with 私 and 始 despite them being just slightly more complex. It's frustrating. I don't know why, but I just can't focus on the radicals themselves when learning new kanji. I use Rikaikun to read online, but that spoils me so that I always end up reading the translation or reading, but even if I do look at the details in the character, it never just sticks, I forget so quick. Sometimes, within context, I can read the more common kanji without much of a problem because I just overlook it and the meaning sorta comes to my head, but if I have to write them, don't count on me. I've tried several times to read novels or manga in Japanese, but even in the ones with furigana, it's such a struggle learning new kanji, because I can't ever remember the radicals for each, only the overall look of it, which I'm sure will be a problem when I stumble upon similar looking characters. I use Anki, and I still can't focus on learning each character on detail.Help me, tell me how you memorize them. Is writing each of them 50 times the only way to memorize them? I get the feeling that even then I won't be able to remember their readings or meanings when I start memorizing a significant number of them. I'm sure I'll be "I know how to write this character, but I can't remember how to read it."
8Eating means something different to eat. You're just used to the conjugation. With Japanese, you're not, because you rote memorised words without trying to understand why -がる is different to -まる, while you know how -er is different to -ing.You think every jukugo and jukugo+suru are different words? It's just a conversion to verb form.
1tfw buddy moved to japansoon finished unigot a jap gf since 2 years agofuck
5Sounds like living in any sub-1st world or big 3 asian nations as an immigrantFTFY
8Meanwhile, in a sentence like 君は帰ってもいい it is unclear which word いい is modifying.It is clear in context. English is chock full of these things you claim are vague in English but you are unable to see it because you are so used to it. Over 100 million Japanese speakers have no problem communicating on a daily basis. Think about it.
3Check back with him in a few years after uni and see how he's doing. If he isn't already back in the states he'll probably be miserable.
5The real problem is that I can't fucking learn any kanji for the life of me.Children can do it. Are you less capable than a child? Americans are just so inexperienced with cultures other than their own that they struggle with things such as languages.
1Okay then, tell me what いい modifies in 君は帰ってもいい.
5私Two branched tree + mu katakana.始女＋台.Learn the fucking radicals, give them names. How is 好 easy and 始 not easy?
I've felt like asking for a while, but is any percentage of /a/ actual Japanese people?There's a sizeable asian demographic, but actual Japanese people?
6Americans are just so inexperienced with cultures other than their own that they struggle with things such as languages.I'm actually mexican and English is my second language.3I know this is what I'm supposed to do, but the problem is that I forget which radicals go in which kanji.
6Children already have the vocab built into them and just need to learn the readings. An adult has to learn both what the vocab and the readings at the same time. Not really a fair comparison.
2What does "best" modify in "it's best if you leave"? Since when do nouns modify shit?
4That's an easy question. "Best" modifies "it."
Would learning Japanese as a fourth language be harder than learning it as a second?
1It used to be that I didn't have the time. Now I do, though. Where do I start, /a/? Am I going to regret this?
4bestnoun
1I'm planning to begin learning soon, since this summer I literally have nothing else to do except studying math.
2Learn kana, learn some particles, practice listening to songs or anime and making out the separate words that the sentences are made of. Read the translation, try to make out which word means what. Compare sentences.I believe this will get you a strong enough base to start learning grammar for real, and a small vocab that might make things easier.
1Pretty much.On the other hand going to Japan for the "kawaii/random" culture is fucking retarded. They deserve to be ostracized.1and you're expected to abide by their cultureIs that a bad thing? You are in the minority and thus should adapt to the majority.I wonder what percentage of miserable people comes just from being socially awkward/ignorant of the culture expecting Japanese people to be all nice and friendly.
4But is it really correct? It's kinda a forced reading, neither kanji actually are read with those kana.
3Same here.Can I learn two languages at once? Will it make things easier? Harder? I guess it'll be harder no matter what, but will it be disproportionately hard or is it doable or what?
9I had to learn Chinese for 12 years. First two were easy. Primary and Secondary6/7 - 15/16yo school level Mandarin learning in school was BRUTAL. At least in pre-school they made the origin of words fun. The other ten years was nothing but "memorise these words, then regurgitate them during the equivalent of a spelling test". Ironically, since attending a 1/week Japanese course at my local community centre, my Mandarin has improved. Knowing Mandarin is also both advantageouseasier to write kanji, and sometimes the same meanings and disadvantageousconfusing the different meanings in both languages.
5I'm actually finding the more complex ones easier to learn.
8Who cares if it's forced, you don't get アリス from 至高の少女 either.
5Please tell me how.
8I don't know, they just stick in my mind better. I also have trouble remembering katakana because they're so simple.
8You can read names however you fucking want. If you want to call your kid ice-cream, written 氷乳, you can go nuts.
4Listen to a lot of people's experiences. The most common complaint is that there is a lot of 'job creep'. On the weekendsor several nights during the week where they go out drinking with co-workers and suck up to and/or badmouth their boss, you are essentially required or heavily expected to come.Thus the job creep on what would otherwise and should be your free time. Adapting to workplace culture and all that is fine, but shit like this sucks ass.comes just from being socially awkwardsocially awkwardWe're talking about a country who can't have workplace interactions without getting shitfaced off of 3 beers. If you asked me to name the most socially stunted nation on the planet in general, it would be Japan. I don't think the immigrant teachers are at fault in this category
7アリス is written like 金髪少女.
7If you asked me to name the most socially stunted nation on the planet in general, it would be Japan.Or South Korea
3All I can see in this is "ice tits."
3He didn't say "worthless".
don't even know English that wellexpect me to learn a language on top of it Anyone got any good comprehensive English grammar books or something? I wanna learn more about the fundamental structure of English so I can understand how it relates to Japanese.
9I might be wrong tho.Very
0Milk and tits are the same kanji. Based japs. 乳首 was fun to learn, nipples are just the necks of tits.
mfw my Jap Uni professor is the guy who wrote the English translation for Kafka on the ShoreHe's pretty based
1Yeah, false friends are a bitch.
1Japenese girls are ugly so i don't see the point of learning the language.
7التعلم خير من النوم
1It depends, what are you trying to learn?
7I have no will to live there so no knowledge of all the hardships which occur. If what you are saying is true then yes, it fucking sucks.
1Animu girls are sexy as fuck, why aren't you learning their language?
3What do you make out of 首脳? Is it the head of the neck?
3ISIS-chan please go
7Italian.I find Italy interesting.
Too lazy to learn how to speak Spanish and German. German is possibly one of the easiest languages for an English speaker to learn. If I was too lazy to finish that then I'm too lazy to sprechen die nippon.
7What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in Triple Integration Theory and I’ve been involved in numerous secret math classes on triple integrals and I have over 300 confirmed triple integrals computed I am trained in triple integration and I’m the top triple integrater in the entire US. You are nothing to me but just another triple integral. I will wipe you out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, with muh barnett's identity. Mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting jacob barnett so we can kick your ass. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your ego. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I out triple integral you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in mathematics, but I have access to the entire arsenal of geniuses like jacob barnett and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of any math competition. You’re fucking owned, kiddo. Consider yourself triple integrated.
1The halfs are very cute though
3This. German was awesome in how similar it was to English. Too bad I have no motivation.
4The halfs speak English because nobody lives in Japan if they have other options.
37Technically speaking it's true if you consider it as "it gives me the ability to later get any job I want" under an implication that the mathematical education would not be what is gaining the person employment, but opening up new prospects where they can gain the things they need for employment. Most fields of engineering, physics, and high level economics require a great deal of math and both have a very lucrative job market.So instead of saying it like "with this I can get any job I want" you could say it more like "with this I can get what I need to have any job I want" and it would be accurate.
35German is on the easier side, but not the easiest.
1The Japanese are going to be extinguished by the Chinese soon, as well as ourselves, so there's no point... ;_;
5Ah, basic Italian it's easy as fuck. Take for example the fucking immigrants that pick it up in no-time, and usually you can get by just from that. The only problem with Italian is the composition of the period, the 13 different conjugations some aren't used but still, the various articles and the dialects, because jesus christ, sometime I can't understand someone from a different region. Oh also, the various pronunciations are kinda hard to learn.Source: I'm Italian.
Too much effort for not dealing with waterpanda or niggastream, and there's no chance I can learn it to the level where I'd be able to read LoGH novels.
8Honestly what helped me the most was when our teacher gave us a list of all the radicals and had us memorize them and their meaning. Ever since then pieces of kanji have been rather easy to remember.
Does someone have links to some short books with furigana? I need to start learning kanji.
8FrenchMore closely related to English than GermanMaybe if they're talking Grammar-wise. PortugueseItalianWhatGreekhard
2لاTL note: 'La' means 'no' in Arabic
3I can't fuck animu girls though.
8Languages closely related to EnglishItalian
8language phd reporting in
7I'm pretty sure this is head as in the leader of a group.
9just read shounen manga
2post pics, ISIS-chan!
85You know that half of english comes from latin right?
7I'm just saying German is practically English with a different grammar. I don't see how they can even begin to compare Italian or Portuguese closer to English than German. Greek isn't even complicated. It's cave-man talk.
learn hiragana and kanatime for kanjithis sign means thisokbut if you write it like this it means complete oppositewhat the shitand they are thousands of similar examplesDidn't touch it for a week. Someday. Maybe.
3unga bunga socrates
2Soon, anon. They're already making AR animu grils who talk to you and flirty with you through Google Glass or similar. Eventually, you can even fuck a mannequin while your favorite gril is superimposed over her head. Sure, they'll come out in English dub editions, but it just won't be the same.
3Maybe never.FTFY
3literally life itself
I played the japanese coach game for the DS years ago when heartgold and soulsilver came out in japanese, but gave up when it came to learning the actual characters.Or my DS broke, I forget.
9Grammar-wise english and italian are completely different. Also english it's more has a closer relationship with german. English doesn't have a relationship with other romance languages
japanese dadhe never bothered to teach me japanese
2Maybe he himself failed at it in school. I know I'll probably be outsourcing my kids' Mandarin language learning.
learning Nipponese in college with historyusing your inner weeb to practice reading and listeningliving uni life and still having time to watch animenot even one super weeb in classI don't know about you guys but it's pretty chill
5English is mostly romance vocab with germanic grammar.
5*Also english has a closer relationship with german.Dammit.
63Took two years of Greek, spent much of it translating selections of Plato and Aristotle. And I have nothing to add to that, except "unga" looks like it could be dative and probably shouldn't be, and I think "bunga" might be 2nd declension.
2Isn't Google Glass discontinued?
6Unga Bunga were sexy parties organized from Berlusconi
9I've known hira/kata for like 8 years now. But can't get enough sitting power to get through any kanji besides most obvious ones.
9Hell if I know. Whatever replaces it, you can be sure hentai will not be far behind porn, which will probably be the first adopters.
Now that ichi.moe exists, you don't even have to learn Japanese to be able to read Japanese. The only problem is the input of kanji if you can't just copy-paste text.
5And that is what the Elusynian Mysteries were all about.
learning kana is easy as fuck.learning kanji is literally cancer.I give up on kanji 1 year ago, but I think I'll try again in next few months when I have time.
7I still want a groin attachment for my Oculus.
8I can only tell you that understanding kanji from a Chinese standpointthrough learning the base radicals like hand, metal, etc. makes it a lot easier to write down. As for the meanings, about 70% identical, with the rest being false friends. That being said, learning it from one language is definitely a good first step to learning it in the otherbut ignore stupid shit like the stroke-order differences between Chinese and Japanese 右. You'll never use it outside of a calligraphy competition
8Kanji are easy when you break away from the retarded learning orders and focus on starting with a basic radical, then building up.
Whatìs a good place to start with Kanji?
1Isn't the さ there written the wrong way? I'm sure that's the standard way for computers, but when handwritten it should be 3 strokes, not 2.
4一
3English is easier to grasp due to the alphabet but don't bother with in-depth grammar.As long as you know the fundamentals of basic grammar structure and have a good vocabulary base with decent intonation, you can easily pass off as being fluent in english."Comprehensive" grammar is honestly just fucktarded. Fancy English books and pretentious grammar Nazis aside, you will almost never encounter someone who uses "Truly Proper" English grammar on an everyday basis.
5You can do both, like "so"
4I downloaded JF cards, which shows you radicals, meanings, pronunciations, but you need to read hiragana to understand pronunciations. Useful for memorization. Google Japanese input is semi-useful, since you can input the words you hear, and hopefully get the answerbut if it used your custom dictionary, prepare to be wrong. Is also useful because it sometimes turns up words I would never have associated with said sounds.Someone really needs to make a game like that Typer Shark or whatever, where you must pick the right kanji/pronunciation to proceed.
4木水（氵）人（亻,儿）心忄月肉日曰女牛刀刂衣衤言貝足車米竹雨艹石酉金禾糸頁食馬魚鳥犬犭虫舟穴 宀山火灬彳行玉王手扌邑阝阜阝示礻力目耳疒土田囗口辶尸戸攵巾广弓斗歹皿走門革冫寸欠又羽彡又罒大匚匸見 Learn what these radicals mean. 水（氵） Character in  are variant forms of the character preceding it.These radicals can be seen as broad categories of meaning.
4Grammar is really something that should come from reading real text. As long as you can grasp the basic rules, and are able to look up things you don't understand, you can learn a language while having fun.
learning Japanese since I was 16studying at university in Japan since Septembercan hold conversation with native speakers and almost at newspaper reading levelplanning to take N1 next yearFeels good.
4Learning Germanic runes isn't hard either.
9Wait, 灬 is short for 火? And all these years I thought it was short for 水.
4What are JF cards? I can only find business cards
9Seriously? It even looks like little bits of fire burning the bottom of the kanji.
2I don't know why but you don't tend to see weeaboos taking high level Japanese classes. They usually give up after learning a few kanji and realising how hard it is to actually learn Japanese beyond the few phrases they hear in anime.
1I'm not a weeabo and I still bad at english
41st Grade Elementary English GrammarDiscussing Past TensesTeacher: Hey anon, what is the past tense of "Run"?Anon: "Runned"?Teacher: Silly anon, that's wrong! The correct answer is "Ran"Anon: But teacher, you said that to show a verb as happening in the past, just add "ed" to it!Teacher: Well yes, but that one is an exception. it only has three letters! For words like that, they have different past tenses. Like "Fly" for example. It becomes "Flew". Anon: But "Aim" becomes "AimED" and "Zap" becomes "ZapPED" also, why do some latters have to be doubled? Wouldn't "ZapED" work just fine?Teacher: Sit down anon.From that point on, I knew that english grammar made no fucking sense. At least make the rules consistent goddamit. And don't event get me started about conjugations.
1muh xenophobiavlog watching retardyou're expected to abide by their culturemain reason to not go to Japan seems to be the other white people.
Already fluent in English, Ukrainian, Russian and Polish. Is a fifth really necessary?
0it's probably just Americans who act like they own the worldit always is
1I tried for a day and forgot about it. Honestly too much work for me
0There are always retarded faggots. The work culture alone is undeniable, though.It doesn't increase efficiency, and it destroys people. The reason you see tons of drunk businessmen on trains is because they literally can't get through the week if they aren't completely out of it on the weekends. The work ethic is fucking horrendous, and I can't think of a worse country to work in where you aren't threatened by death every day.
0Aldwinckle's mixed race children. The gaijin appearance of the girl at right means she will remain a foreigner in both Japan and the West.
2Three of those languages are useless so yes.
7It's more likely Australians, actually. From what I've heard, Australians are worse than Americans in every way, as well as a few new ways.
1That's because English has never been standardised.
5I blame 魚 and 黑. I think I associated them with waterfish and inkblack. But using the "fire burning underneath" to remember it is good. Thanks. This is why I failed Mandarin back in school.
1English teacherDoesn't teach about strong verbs
I learned Katakana and Hiragana, then read the DJP or whatever sticky, but felt it was too much effort to look up the next logical step after that.
2At least the retarded Americans still stand up for free speech. Most of Australia actively supports the government removing freedoms because they think the public can't be trusted with them. It's the worst fucking country on Earth, I'd feel bad if I shipped convicts there.
1It's not practical. It'd be a better idea if I learned Mexican Spanish.
3From what I've read, Japan's current method for working was originally meant to be a short-term measure to get their economy off the ground after WW2, but then the Nips suddenly turned retarded and decided to implement it long-term.
3I always saw a fish head 亀 cooking on an open fire, and 黒 as a village turned black from fire.
1At least English doesn't have 17 different tenses.
tfw you realize that learning Egyptian hieroglyphs is much easier than Kanji
I don't understand why japanese have to have 3 alphabets and over 600+ characters with distinct and often complicated shapes. It's such an inefficient language... Same goes for mandarin. At least south korean is a bit easy to learn... no wonder they are becoming the #1 super power in that area while japan is slowly dying off.English is such an easy language and the latin alphabet only has 24 letters... and people wonder why our culture rules the world.
1Too lazy. Even in high school all I did was the bare minimum effort to pass Mandarin for 3 years while my junior classmates took these advanced tests. I could've taken Japanese but I took a look at else who was taking it and thought there was no way I'd want to be in the same class as them.Calculus was a cake walk by comparison.
5tfw Swedishmost grammar shit has a direct parallel in Englishpretty much just have to learn a/an and is/are because Swedish is just a simpler version gramaticallyeven some of that pretentious old timey shit is just straight ripoffs that even sound the same like thy/thine being du/dinany retard could understand English just by picking up a little vocabulary from watching TVUh, I mean, our education is so good. Yeah suck it french/germanfags. We're just too smart, picking up an entirely alien language no problem.
1 using such an inefficient way to learn kanaStop wasting your time. Layer memory strategies and lock them into your brain. Repetition is inefficient.
1Is it true that most Swedes are more comfortable using english than they are using swedish?
1sweden yes
2Is it really important if you learn Kana in one day or two?
2using retarded memory techniques for information you will encounter every day for the rest of your lifeUh oh, looks like we've found a retard! 2 minutes of repetition is enough to lock kana into your brain forever, because you'll encounter them so consistently that you'll never need to reinforce it.
6PSY confirmed for Satan. Run away from Kim-Chee before he unleashes Kamala!
6why does kanji exist
1Japanese people are nice enough as long as you don't act like retards. Also, you're in their home turf. You're expected to play by their rules. Don't think you're fucking special or some shit. You adapt to them, they shouldn't adapt to you.Still, I'm surprised by some part of their culture though. For example, there seems to be some fatalistic every man for himself attitude in trains.I was riding the Yamanote line and when I saw a middle aged couple probably husband and wife come in, all the seats were taken so I at least offered my seat to the wife. My stop was the next station anyway. As I said that, everyone in the car gave me a weird look. The wife accepted my offer and as I walked away, I heard the husband mutter "What a Samurai."The same day also on the Yamanote line, on the way back to Ikebukoro, an old lady with a cane came in. Seats were also full and the old lady just stood in the middle. After a few minutes, I offered my seat to the old woman and again I was given weird gazes by the people around me. She broke out into loud "Thank yous!" multiple times as she took my seat. Some 5 minutes later, my stop finally arrived and as I was about to go out, the old woman stood up and bowed to me as she loudly gave thanks again.Shit was fucking surreal. Even in the hellhole 3rd world country where I'm from, giving seats to senior people is just common decency. Hell, people will berate you for not doing so. And It can't be the "Oh look, a gaijin is acting nice!" effect either. I'm often mistaken for Japanese myself. I'm an slanty eyed asian myself. A Japanese friend told me that I can pass for a tanned Japanese person. Or an Okinawan.
2Because Japan is full of homophobes.
2To make your life easier. Anyone who doesn't like kanji hasn't spent any time with the language.
1We italians can pick up spanish just like swedish can pick up english but no thanks to our education
1HiraganaBitch, have you memorized 3000 kanji yet? No? GTFO.
2Kanaboth types are derived from Kanji. And because there are many homophones when you only use kana, they use kanji for more specific meanings to prevent confusion in written documents.
8In writing I definitely am but that's just because of 4chan and online games.But we take it for like 10-11 years in school, and everyone watches English shit with subs so even if most aren't comfortable speaking they won't have any trouble understanding it unless you lay it on thick with the dialect. Like in Trainspotting, shit doesn't even sound like a language. It's basically Danish.
2It's much easier if you are Sardinian though.
1Because I have a career and speak cuntbanter.
9Does it depend on your location or is it just like that almost everywhere in Japan?
09Why do they still use Kana though? Just condense everything to Kanji and Romaji.
9I want to be an honorary samurai too, thanks for inspiring me
8But that means you're normal.Gays are mentally ill and normal people should push down the ill.
2Layer memory strategiesWhat ?
0What? That's a really stupid question; I legitimately can't tell if you're trolling or not.
9tanned Japanese person. Or an OkinawanWhat do these usually look like?
0Kana is just sounds. But you can write kanji, followed by a kana, and 99% of people will agree that the kanji should use pronunciation A, rather than pronunciation B.
3Tomboys.
0Learning 96 symbols vs 52? It's such a minor amount that the benefits of the more concise system outweigh the benefits of learning a bunch of characters you'll never use.
2My sister actually learned both Spanish and then Italian. She said it was harder to keep track of the false friends than learning what was new, they were that similar.
5iktf anon ;_;
5Romaji are generally useful so you have to learn them anyway. Kanji could use a bit cleaning up but they're a necessary evil. Hiragana and Katakana on the other hand are pointless. Any Kana can be replaced with Romaji with little added confusion.
6I am, but everything went to shit when I forgot to do my reps for a single day. I'm trying to fix it right now.
1WHAT'S YOUR EXCUSE FOR DOING IT?uguu, so i can understand tibetan motion-scriptures!
5posting this in a polynesian canoe-art emporium
7I think at this point it's both tradition and a bit of nationalistic pride/"no bow to gaijin scum" mentality. Plus it looks kind of odd to write something like 長i instead of 長い. Sort of breaks the flow.
7Hiragana and Katakana on the other hand are pointless.Yeah, taking up half the space and being a natural part of the language for hundreds of years is pretty pointless. We should hurry up and get rid of worthless shit like Cyrillic, ß, all those shitty little cedilas like ç, and every other European diacritic. While we're at it, change all the spellings for every word to the ipa equivalent, it's too hard to work out how to pronounce some english words.
9Getting through kana: A week, at the longestGetting through a grammar guide: a couple of monthsActually acclimating yourself to grammar: a few more monthsGrinding vocabulary to reach a level that's on par with your grasp of your native tongue: years and years the vast majority of kanji falls somewhere towards the earlier stages of this; it won't seem so prohibitive once you actually get going on itAnd this is if you go fast.Every newfag gets through kana. It's the stuff that comes after that weeds out the masses from those who are serious about it.
9Yeah, shit's weird. It's basic manners to give your seats to old people. My Japanese aunt however once advised to not simply give your seats to people, especially the middle aged ones. Some may take it as an offense because you think they look old.
3It's basic manners to give your seats to old people.This is a thing also where I live.
3Apparently you're not supposed to ask a nip girl her age either
8Grinding vocabulary to reach a level that's on par with your grasp of your native tongue: years and yearsJokes on you, I suck at my native language.
1That would be great. Maybe come up with new letters for IPA that are easier to tell apart.
I'm going to learn Korean in uni. Fight me
1tfw FinnishEnglish is closer to Hindi than FinnishEveryone learns it anyway but speak it with a horrible accent.
7there's like 140 of them.gosh anon, don't be such a loser~
9Hmm, weird. I'll test it out later when I'm in Japan.
1We do the same thing in italy too
3Hawaiians.
1Isn't that worldwide? It's very common.8While we're at it, we should probably just abolish language. Have everyone learn Esperanto, and translate everything old into it.
8You have it easy, I'm doing at least 500 reviews every day across two decks. The sad part is that no matter how much you learn, it's still just a drop in the ocean.
2I love the korean writing system
7Of all the asian countries, I would expect Japan to practice this culture the most. Not to mention most Japanese being very polite people, you'd think it's a very common thing there. I went to Hong Kong a few weeks ago and boy are some of the people there rude as fuck, but giving your seats to old folks is a very common thing there.
1I think Esperanto is a poor choice. If you want a constructed language construct it from scratch instead of taking stuff from other languages.
1Are you being facetious? It'd be awesome if we could standardize languages and get rid of all the retarded shit people have shoehorned in over the years.
2A rather large number of my fellow students of Japanese also learn Korean as an extra.It's definetly a better combination that Japanese + Chinese. Or Japanese + Vietnamese. Fuck Vietnamese.
6Inferior language that will die out.Is this a thing now? I keep seeing this shit more and more. Just how fucking ignorant can you be.Country with the most developed technology field in the world.Billions of things are well documented in details only in Japanese.Considering how shitty parsing is right now in reality this will suffice for their language and culture to exist for a minimum of a thousand years more until you won't have a need to learn any language.Nigga if it's not gonna die out in your life time why the fuck would you even care.However you do have a point about Mandarin. If you want to do business and get real fucking money then the benefit of knowing Chinese will be immeasurable.But it sounds like shit and you look like a retard trying to get every tone right.So fuck that and fuck you.
What's the best language ever?
1im done with Hira and Kanado i really need to learn now 2200 kanji to understand VN or LN
Maybe I'm biased, but Chinese to me flows the easiest, followed by Japanese, but Korean is pretty harsh to my ears. Korean vs Chinese is I would say, probably German vs English, in terms of hard/soft. Arabic is probably the hardest to listen to.
3Esperanto
8Language is culture. I understand that as a worthless mainland European, you have no modern culture. Do not worry. Within 100 years, your mother tongue will be rarely spoken and no longer taught in schools, and within 200, there will only be a few thousand people who speak it. It'll be a dead language in 300.
9Yes. Also grammar.
1Go on trip to Japan with family because we're rich as fuckHave a blast just exploring Tokyo every dayMom sees how much I enjoyed itShe tells me I should learn Japanese and try to find a job in JapanI should probably start learning soon
3Korean sounds like redneck Japanese.
English-tan is a slut language because everyone is using her
3A classmatean arab was talking on the phone. I thought he was doing some mafia business and threatening people but it turned out he was just talking to his mom. Weird language.
8She isn't even pretty.
6I'm not agreeing with him, but Japan is actually pretty technologically bipolar. They're leaders in some regards, but they still handle a lot of paperwork by hand even though it's much slower and error prone, have crummy little computers in their homes that your grandma's laptop runs circles around, have poor internet-based companies and digital distribution they're working on this, and their crotchety old businessmen still fucking refuse to use email.Japan's days of being the country that represents humanity's technological future are kinda done.
0That's insulting to country dialect Japanese, which is fantastic. I prefer it over tokyoite shit any day of the week.Korean is dog piss, which coincidentally is also the national drink.
6Spy among us
3have poor internet-based companies and digital distribution they're working on thisYeah, because DLsite and DMM don't exist.Japan eclipses the world in porn.
6but I am Vietnamese. Latin script is far easier to deal with than the characters we had beforehand.
2I think the more consonants your language uses, the harsher it starts to sound to non-natives. Like, I have no beef with Indians or Filipinos when we're both conversing in English, but hearing some obasan prattling on in their native language pisses off my morning train ride to work.
3well english is surely the most importantin a standpoint of utility for work German for mechanics, Chinese for export/import. Arab and Spanish are very helpful tooThere are sektor's where Latin and French are importantItalian from a artistic standpointJapan wasn't important for 2000 years and the manga/anime culture came much later in the west
I'm more interested in learning to speak and understand the language than reading and writing it. But that really can't be self taught, so here we are.
3Google bought several Japanese robotic companies and Japan's robotics team beat America in their very own DARPA challenge.They are also 2nd behind America in science and technology patents.
8Oh please, you and your million fucking homophones differentiated by tones.
3I'm curious now, rate italian.part 3 spoilers though.
8My mistake. You're still living in a country without culture, which is understandable when you lived in mudhuts a week ago.
Why aren't you learning Finnish, /a/?
8Agent Orange should've been used more widely.
3Get the fuck out.
0Rude
9What do I have to rate?
1These aren't unrelated tasks.Reading can be considered internalized listening of a sort, as you "hear" the words in your head as read them. If you can read, then with practice, you can listen.If you can listen, you can speak it roughly.After practice, your rough speech will get better.They all build on each other.
tfw everyone hates your native languagetfw your accent sounds the worst when speaking EnglishSurprisingly enough, pronouncing Japanese is fairly easy as a native Dutch speaker.
I didn't get into Japanese classes so I'm taking Chinese insteadI'm so glad, it's a much more interesting language with actual real world uses so everyone saysCartoons can wait.
9The Japanese person calls the Gaijin "Samurai".This is nothing like my Japanese anime. It's usually the other way around.
6This is what happens when mongol blood runs through you
6Is it hard or soft in your opinion?
6who are these cum containers?
The only use I can think of for knowing chinese is to understand what they're saying about you behind your back when you order chinese food.
1
0sounds aren't that different from japanese
7A. You spit in white boy food?B. TwiceA. Do it twice again, stop bring shame to family
3Arabic sounds great when sung, it just sounds like shit spoken. Chinese sung sounds stilted at best, and downright unpleasant at worst.
What does this mean?
I want to kill this fucking cunt.It means there's already a thread about it up, OP
4Yuigahama end confirmed
It means best girl will finally win, of course.
0i really want spolier mahouka style again
70Sad faceWinning anythingI wish I have your optimistic mind,anon.
I hope Yuckynoshita loses hard.
So where does Iroha play into all of this?
2Giving up and dating Tobe.
It still might be fake guys
4 What does this mean?We failed. Again.
3She is just a little concerned, because she doesn't want to see Yukinoshita suffering.
GAMERGATE AND JEWS
byebye hikki ´・ω・｀
555
4I hope Yui will crash and burn when she loses. The tears will be delicious.
4 threads
4Today /a/ will be full of Shitbikek threads, rejoice
9Fuck off Yuckynofag.
Yuifags BTFO and dropping soon. Good riddance.
4/vg/You'll find less threads regarding the same subject there, I assure you!
new threadshitposters crawl their way in with false flags and inflammatory postsTypical
3Fuck off Yuckynofag.
5CRAWLTHIS THREAD BELONGS TO SHITPOSTERSYAHARI IS YOURS, IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN YOURS
4Nice cover.
3same face as chihiro when she got rejected
4Who's going to save her?
7
We a/ll know how this will end
9Fuck off, he is best boy
5SaikaV11 will reveal he loves yui and wants to smack 8man up
7Hayama please...
Someone please posts the preview for vol. 11 i forget what will happen
i'm glad it's overyui is a nice girl, but she need to let 8man go and move oneshame, but it's better than never ending sufferingat least there is doujin;_;
Would one really make such an apparent cover? If that's all there is too it then there's no need reading. No, something else is happening. Yui pls ;_;
Yui a shit. A SHIT.
To be honest, I'm disappointed. Not because Yui is confirmed lost, but because we already knew that. I'd prefer a cover with Iroha looking sad, because then that'd solidify Yukino's victory. Oh well.
9Expect a bunch of Yui NTR doujins.;-;
Yuckyno a shit. A SHIT.
volume 12 will have Yukino with a genuine smile
4It means that Yukino will win Sensei's contest and will use her order for 8man to stop being a coward and step over that line for Yui.
8That's some grade A shit right there sonMade me turn into a yuifag
She's looking at Yukino. Mark my words
9It's all part of Meguri's keikkaku to win the 8man.
1After getting rejected by 8man, hayama swep her up and turned her into gyaru
5それはいい！それだけはいいよ...　あたしは、雪乃のような利口じゃないですし...雪乃のようなかっこいいじゃないですし...雪乃のような全然違うの！それだけ分かった！でも、それだけはいい。頑張っちゃう止まらない。あきらめない！あたし...あたしは愛してるの！そのために、あたしに恋に落ちるの作ってあげる！絶対にあげる。
best girl Yui won't winYeah it's to be expected.
2butthurt yukinoashit fags want their thread to be thr main oneFuck off
Yui  Iroha  Komachi  Sensei  Haruno  Horsesshit  Yukino
6Best girlthat's no iroha
9Mark the mint man
yfw that look is because truck-kun came to visit
2Sore aru!
4
2Switch Komachi for Iroha and maybe bump Haruno up one space and I agree completely.
5She'd look devastated if that were the case.
2Salty Irohafags false flagging as Yuifags
8Ctrl+f yuckyno across 6 threads18 results of butthurt repliesAutistic as fuck. I expect no less from THK.
2Yukino  Komachi = Rumi  Iroha  Sensei  Haruno  Horsesshit  YuiFix'd.
missclick Google Now on phonesaw "Oregairu Cover Vol 11" headline on kyakkagot hypedclicked the linksaw thisWell, FUCK YOU TOO M8.
5Fuck off Yuckynofag.
9I wish there will be a PS3 game for this so I can marry Yui/Iroha whatever I want.
So, why has she lost? because there's still one more volume and she's not the cover of the last one?Is it like that or i'm reading dumb people posts?
5There he is
It's fucking 5 in the morning. Why did this have to happen tonight. I can't sleep with all this YUI SUFFERING
0Fuck off Yuckynofag.
yui is carrying 8man's bagShe has obviously won, anons.
1People expect Vol 12 as last volume and if Volume 11 Yui cover then Volume 12 Yukino cover.Usually winning girl on cover on last volume.
0Fuck off Yuckynofag.
8But she also lost her backpack
8YuckyStop this retarded meme.
8There's too much to speculate right now
7
People actually cares about who "wins"Cancer fanbase is cancer fanbase. I'm glad I don't care about shitty 2d and read this because batman shenanigans
4Yui slut won't win the bowlOnce again Japan delivers. There is justice.
9sensei is love sensei is life
Vol 11 ends with 8man trying to sort through his feelings for the girlsCover of the last volume is 8man and all 3 girls so we don't know who winsWataru pls
8But it perfectly suits Yukino.
97Samefagging so obviously with proxyFail.
7trying to told anyone using a reaction image, and a gif of all things
58Fuck off Yuckynofags.
5He's a shit writer so he might chicken out and leave it at friendship ending
I missed the initial episode day shitstorm, how big was it?
5Cover of the last volume is 8man and all 3 girls so we don't know who wins4 girls you mean.
0senseigirlkek
4頑張っちゃう止まらないYou what?
9You mean episode one or this week? Episode one threads pretty much just consisted of:Iroha when
0Really we could bump it up to 8 girls and one cute boy
Fucking nerds, Yui deserves better than a massive cunt such as 8man, who's not even pandering to self-insert fags who feel cucked by his crying scene. Let the generic LN setting keep going and have MC get the main love interest as usual. With an added flavour of no reason at all for it to happen since this MC is pathetic beyond belief.
6Translates to Yui wins motherfucker
9For this week.
4I really hope Amazon got a bad screenshot. I'll be really disappointed if it prints with all those jagged edges.
9Yui pls
4That was painful to read.Watari better not pull some shit like this.
4It's that time of the week again.Not that I care who wins, but still damn.
5Under what magnitude of mental fart did you come up with the conclusion that Yui would ever say what I posted?
9Yuifags are going to be this desperate by attacking 8man come time Yui gets BTFOThe backlash begins.
2Could I get a summary?
8Rather than Yuifags,It more like shitposter being shitposter as usual. including You
7Fuck off Yuckynofag.
7I'm not even a waifufag, you massive cunt. I'm just saying that even if Yui doesn't get the MC she still has nothing to lose because said MC is worth shit.
4She lost, Yukino will be on the cover for the last volume.
MODSPLEASE DO SOMETHINGANYTHINGPLEASE I BEG YOU
25am in BurgerlandNo hope
8Fuck off Yuckynofag.
8says that she's not as smart or good looking as Yukinosays that she's fine with thatsays she won't give up, that she loves himsays that her love is greater and absolutetl;dr she's doing a desperate confession
0He's worth more than Hayama who only uses people rather than helping them change.
2WAKE ME UP WHEN SUMMER ENDS
yfw wataru pulls a komachi endwrong as expected
0I hate yukinon dress, its so ugly
70Can a man dream?
3Desperate
3Thanks. I hope he writes something good but I could see this.
4i thought 8man giving her blue Scrunchie not bracelets..
MADE TO SUFFER
Evey time you faggots make too many threads
3not good looking as YukinoWat?
the hell is this autistic nigger doing?
1I'd say they're equal. Completely down to preference.
7Hayama turned out to be a huge deception. What was supposed to be the closest to a 2D Chad became a massive drama king faggot.
1not as good-looking as YukinoSorry, missed an "as"
1Yukino is seen as some beauty, Yui only thinks of herself as cute.
7But she is still pretty
4Yui coverReleased on her birthdayValentine arcYui loseFUCK YOU WATARI WATARU AND FUCK YOUR STUPID NAME
1Poor girl has inferiority complex when being compared to Yukino
9Spamming like a motherfucker that's what.
9Fuck off Yuckynofag.
9Mods gave up on yahari threadseverything is fair game hereeven s4s tier shit
I really, really like this thread.
4Not her usual orange bagPicking up Yukino's bagPicking up her burdenSYMBOLISMBRAVVO RAVVATARUO
9Putting Cuckinofags in their place.
0I didn't notice that
I want to kill this fucking cunt.
9That's THK. Same faggot who does all this shit that's pointed out before. See 3 9 4
I CAN'T FEEL THE WAY I DID BEFOREDON'T TURN YOUR BACK ON MEI WON'T BE IGNOREDTIME WON'T HEAL THIS DAMAGE ANYMOREDON'T TURN YOUR BACK ON MEI WON'T BE IGNORED
4It means:www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXcdYBh3hgg
1Fuck off Yuckynofag.
4Yui in 8man's eyesYuigahama is popular with the boys.It's what Tobe told me during summer vacation in Chiba Village. Not that Tobe told me so to my face, but that's what I heard.Honestly, I think it's only natural.She's cute and has great style. She's cheerful and friendly with anyone. She's in the top caste but not haughty, and the type that can get along with anyone.Above all, she's kind.Her greatest flaw is being dumb, but even that could be a plus for some people.In an event like this where you get the impression that the distance between boys and girls shrinks, it's only natural for her to be approached by boys she usually doesn't interact with. Though this probably happens outside of events, too.Seeing it play out in front of me made me realize again, there's something up.…she isn't normal. That's a top caste for you. It's weird how well she evaded his advances when he went that far. Maybe she acts like an airhead on purpose.While I was reflecting on this, I noticed that it had gotten very quiet."Huh? Where'd those guys go?"I looked around. The only people around were the student council member on break, me, and Yuigahama in front of me."Yeah, they said they had club practice and left… actually, it's probably thanks to Yumiko."Ah, I knew it. She was consciously evading him.Looks like she mentioned Miura to get rid of that guy. She's quite cunning despite her looks and usual conduct. Girl politics - or rather, our class's politics - are very high level. She would get a status bar of Politics: 90. And Miura would probably have 95 total. How scary can she be to make boys scatter when she's name-dropped? Not that I don't understand how they feel. Miura is terrifying.Still, I don't think it would've hurt her to exchange numbers with them. But she probably has her reasons. Thinking too much about it will probably get me into deep shit, so I'll stop there.
Didn't THK set his sight on hestia threads?
6Blame the nice girl in his high school that hurt him.
6Agreed.
5He did so around the time of Lili's arc. He focuses more on Yahari though and has since S2 began.
5And the scene before he was total jelly on her.
Reminder to just not respond to flame posts, bait, spam etc.
0She has two bags
Is THK the one who owns the threads?
1But he is in his own sense.Not really relateable to the average yahari readers, but as a character he literally is a good boy.He literally fulfills everyone's expectations even 8man's successfully. It is disturbinghow much he is willing to do and take on in order to do so though. Plays good guy during sagami arc for 8mans ad lib roof top even though he didn't want toWins marathon even though 8man slows him down so he can dispel Yukino rumorsWaits for friends to choose majors before him to make sure he can choose the best outcome for them as a group
7yeah
7No, no one can own the thread that makes no sense.
7Fuck off Yuckynofag.
9best girl anon!
79Oh this?Disregard 5
0She's gonna carry that weight. The weight of being rejected and seeing the one she loves with her best friend :^
2I don't get it either, but maybe it's also cause I'm not an average Yahari reader. He seems like a pretty nice guy, just guilty of playing the publicity game a bit too hard but that's not something I can dog on anyone for, specially if you're still willing to be nice to others while "popular"
6You mean the weigth of her best friend also being sad because the kouhai won
9Sasuga captain, the cunt must die
3It says at the end she'll make him fall in love with her.
8I thought all the Irohafags had gone to bed.
I hope someone is collecting all the posts for the inevitable butthurt collage.
8The important is that you don't get mad if that won't happen, friend. It won't happen.
9Ah, fuck me. My moon is still shit, sorry about that.
Why can't they all be friends?
8Funny thing is It doesn't matter if she wins or loses. There will be mountains of butthurt no matter what.
4Why can't Yahari threads shitpost-free?
6People for some fucking reason keep taking the bait and also lots of people are apparently thin skinned when it comes to the topic of who is best girlfriend.
3this, he also never causes any harm to other, why is average Yaharifags called him cunt again, i don't get it
8average YaharifagsIt's just that one guy spamming the same shit over and over again
1The LN treats Yukino to be some kind of 10/10 goddess incarnate even though they look pretty much the same apart from the hair and the yuis.
Who has the highest chance of winning the 8manbowl? Not because she's the girl you want to win your waifu or whatever, who do you think 8man will end up with?I'll say Yukino  Yui  Iroha  Saki. Sensei and Komachi won't win and you know it.
Iroha has no romantic feelings for 8man.Yui's feelings are not genuine. Sorry.
8
Do you ever feel like breaking down?Do you ever feel out of place,Like somehow you just don't belongAnd no one understands you?Do you ever wanna run away?Do you lock yourself in your roomWith the radio on turned up so loudThat no one hears you're screaming?
8.
1Sensei already had her win.
1implying saki ever had a chanceimplying Yui is ahead of Iroha after volume 10.5
4I want to get off Wataru Watari's wild ride
1IrohaBoth Yuki and Yui should be out of the picture, 8man isn't stupid enough to ruin friendships with two people he considers FRIENDS and not love interests Possibilities don't count faggot, we all like to think it's possible, I'm sure 8man would feel the same
4Is this even from the novel itself? The brief summary on the Amazon page didn't state those lines. Are they made up or something?
4dating another girl to keep the status quoGreat fucking job he learned nothing from all the drama he caused because no one wanted changed.
Which Yahari should have a spin off?
3Are they made upYes. I hope it was fun to read.
4implying willingly deciding to hurt someone over your own selfish "romance" as maintaining status quoYeah no, Hayama did it for selfish reasons, doing it for noble reasons that nobody realizes is the 8man way faggot.
9So he dates a girl he has no romantic feelings for so he won't have to deal with other girl's feelings.My, how noble.That's not the 8man way anymore, he'll only end up hurting himself and everyone else that way.
I hope we see Haruno in action in this volume
Oy gevalt when does the last volume come out? I want to be one of the first to shit down oregairu autists' throats.
0June 18
0
Why are Yui themed thread much better than Yukinoshita and Iroha ones ?
3What is this expression trying to convey?
1gr8 b8 m8
1Correlates to how good the girls are.
I don't want this to end in tears.8man, please save them. You had Komachi already anyway.
Last volume cover would be Irohachang right
Yui will remind everybody who the top dog is on June 18.
4BTFOTFO
5cry more
Look at this guy, and tell me what you think of him
9He looks like he needs a drink.
9iw2ktfc
9He's a pretty good guy. I think a lot of people appreciate his overall good nature and willingness to help other people. Smart, good-looking, and athletic. Hayama is a model student all characters should idolize.
I hope Yukinon wins. I picked up the manga for her, and then the LN
99
3Fuck off
0Nope, she is already on vol 10.5 cover.The last volume cover will feature Yukino again, And she will crying hard because of broken-heart. But it's one path of growing up, so it's fine.
9pure alpha
9An undoubtedly unpleasant lad who brings about a distinct feeling of unbridled hate in my loins, inclining me to humor the thoughts of said person's harsh execution by my hands.
8I would tell you to fuck off, but I liked how you wrote it
1Much obliged. Cuntlover.
9Flynn to 8man's Yuri.
0Trips confirm, Yui tries to avert her eyes from what's genuine, but 8man finally realizes the sense of discomfort he feels is because all this time he didn't want to admit he's in love with her.
Isn't it a bit too early for her to be wearing summer clothes?
4top half of her hairstanding in the shadewind blowingdefinitely outsideWhere is she? Does she have two bags? Do the bracelets have any meaning? Why does her hair blow one way and her skirt the other?
1tiny betacuck.winingWho ever end up with MC is loser one. It's the fact for you
8The wind blows twice in his "BESTO PLACE".
That's it.I'm committing sudoku.I'd like to take down Watari before I end myself,any ideas where can I find him?
9私はこのクソ女を殺したいです
5Japan maybe
4The picture is taken after she got rejected and got a pity sex as memory.
0You say it like that but I think you actually might be onto something.
6Who is this girl and the anime she belong ?She looks cute
9google translation.
5This place.
4Yui is going to lose, but as a final request I ask that she take this loss like a champ. She is going to face absolute rejection and come out of it a stronger, wiser person. Anything less would be an insult.
8Coincidentally it's iroha something
8I think its Shirobako, judging by the art
8P.A Works anime google it.
02Hobiron
Didn't the light novel say that Yuigama has brown hair, not pink?
Thanks to the translators in the previous thread. Dumping.1/8
62/8
9He has many desirable attributes but he's terribly afraid of change and won't let his friends grow as people by facing their own challenges.
4SAIZE
43/8
3"The road to hell is paved with good intentions" comes to mind.
9Now that's alpha.
44/8
65/8
4saize
36/8
4No, it's"I knew it, I'm here."
Is it like separate thread for each girl?Also sensei thread then.
97/8
5
5I'm choking.
5Guy who posted that here, 80 thousand thanks to you and the TLbros who helped out.
I don't hate Yui, i just hate how Watari literally writes her as perfect girl everyone will definitely love and nothing more than that, which is automatically worst girl in my book. So i'm glad she lost.
58/8you will never unknowingly flirt with your cheeky kouhai
4So did her hips and ass fall off while she was walking somewhere? How does this even happen?
7I choose DEATH
6Now you know why she's so sad.
0perfect8man disagreed.
0she's the perfect girleven though at the start she was imperfect by trying to fit in with the cool crowd.She just realized what she really wanted.
You know Yui is going to win. WW has been asking every illustrator to shrink the size of her chest and other assets in order to move her away from just a simple sex object and instead groom her for the role of supreme winner.
4It's the greatest ruse of our time.
1I wanna kill this fucking woman.
8it's from hanasaku iroha
54What i mean with perfect is she has zero negative trait, which make everyone automatically like her, it is like default if you doesn't like anyone in this show you will atleast like Yui.
5Thanks, added to the backlog.
0Yui is a bad written character because unlike the rest of the character, she isn't autistic and has a nice personality.Fuck off.
, 
Hayami is here to sing you a song and remind everyone of how awesome she is again
Literally who?she fixed her teethWhat the fuck? Oh wait, wrong side. She still has the snaggle.
6How the fuck did she go from this to that?
Notice how the camera almost never focuses on her.Still a nice song, and I like how she sounds like less she is imitating Noto nowadays.
2Hard diet and good make up artist
Good for Hayamin, but I still like Aoi's debut single better.
2I dislike when VA used their anime-like voice to sing for their own song
3Aoi uses many different tones in her songs, though.Her music is pretty much centered around displaying her vocal range as a seiyuu.Just check any of her albums.
, 
KOUME!It's eight of clock!WAKE UP!
The 3rd of October can't come soon enough.
For /b/
, 
, 
, 
DanMachi is dead!
Good. The japs tried way too hard to turn this shit into the next Kancolle. Bitch is bangin, but a single character only needs so many dicks in her,
Doujinshi event dedicated exclusively to a single seriesIt was finished from the get-go, it's not like it's fucking Touhou, KanColle or iM@SIt might be able to get ~30 circles at major events, but nobody'd bother preparing in a rush for such a small event
SAO knock offdeadPick both.
2There are tons of events dedicated to single series.
0citation needed.
2Staffs falling prey to meme hype that naturally fades quicklyIdiots.
What were they thinking: Danmachi isn't even big: it's just a memetic series where a memetic string got too memetic for its own good when the anime aired. Before it aired no one even knows about Hestia's string.Who's the dumbass who organized the event?
2only heavily hestia doujiinsNo wonder it failed, i remember the eleven's finding hestia annoying.
3Google オンリー同人誌即売会 you ignorant faggot.
It will probably fill up now that it's all on the nip news sites.
3the eleven's finding hestia annoying.They know who's best. And we do too.
2But I thought the LNs sold really well.
2Their fault for probably only having hestia doujiins.
7They are. The anime might not do so hot, though.3I guess the Nips aren't fond of girls who use "boku".
It barely has a couple months of being aired and most people are tired from Comiket which was recently. Of course there are not gonna be any Danmachi doujins.
2Wait for C88 and check again
3Seriously in the ln she ruins every heartfelt moments with her jealousy. Im even surprised that the manga and the anime made her a bit tolerable. She should just stay in her motherly tone everytime.
And nothing of value was lost.
2It is just a passing trend after all.
2no doujiins of bell getting fuckGood thing it fucking failed, fuck hestishit Bell best girl
0So you're saying it's a meme anime, an animeme?
3His body is too masculine for me to fap to him. Only his face passes.
2I don't know, the fact that they are holding the event seems already pretty impressive for a random seasonal show.If only a few hundreds of people go I'd consider it a success.
2I mean, yeah sure the doujinshi artists used the Hestia fad to make money at Comic9 recently; but they should've known better than to try something like this so soon after people already bought&fapped or drew&sold this past month.
, 
Old thread0Imagine this:Speed of light is 299,792,458meter/s and Earth's diameter is 12,742km let's assume the planet of One Piece world is the same size as Earth.At speed of light you could orbit the Earth for more than 23 times in 1 second, that means Kizaru could go from one end of the redline to another in just a few nano seconds. He could also travel from Earth to moon in just 1.5 seconds without worrying about re-entry heat, air resistance or even escape velocity, because light has 0 mass.Not to mention since Kizaru is logia, he can breathe or does not need air to survive the deadly vacuum of space like Enel.Questions:Why don't Kizaru just go to Raftel and try to claim/secure One Piece for the WG?Why don't Kizaru fly above into the atmosphere and ion cannon all pirate ships in a single sweep?In Sabody Arc, why does Kizaru need to ride a ship to travel from HQ to Sabody Archipelago which takes a lot more time when the Marines needed an urgent backup ASAP?Physics, how does light create explosions? Every time Kizaru fires a light beam from his kicks or fingers it creates a massive explosion and shock waves around the target.
Opinions?
, 
, 
, 
, 
To love-ru darkness spoiler time.
Lala is back to normal.
4Glorious.
4jesus christ, she's milking Rito.
4Its no good anymore its just hentai
4止まらないHe keeps shooting his load? sasuga
2And then there's this dude. What the fuck do you think they did in original TLR?
Lala's back to normalTHANK YOU BASED YABUKI
2It was always shit.
6This. Though the age progression seems quite nice. Gotta wait for the whole chapter to see it all though.
2And the first series wasn't?
8It was just highschool kids with an alien friend. Literally just Doraemon with tits and enemies.
I think you're misremembering what was happening in the original TLR, especially the last two thirds of it.
2Blame it on the series going monthly from weekly. It makes more sense to mold the series into pure fanservice since it will always sell even if its shit like testament or DxD. Maybe if Yabuki went back into the weekly format we'd see a lot more of the original TLR.
3the ero started ramping up the moment kotegawa showed up in the series
people keep saying yabuki should draw pornyabuki skirts porn by creating situations that are kinda porn but aren't while actually putting character development in the storypeople complain about it being porn
1She's shameless.
You tasteless plebs will drool over anything that's not hentai anyway. God-tier Yabuki sends us both plot and PLOT so fuck it.
4No need to be jealous Mikan, you are perfect already.
Glad Lala is back to normal. Now please give me some more Yui, Run and especially Kyouko focused chapters.
You'll never know how it feels like to go through 10 years of body growth in a single day.
4Soon, Lala will be sitting on that. Accidentally, of course.
9That's not actually what it looks like.
2What a surprise, take your 3D and shit taste somewhere else.
8Wouldn't you get terrible stretch marks?
4Fucking finally
0If everything else gets tro grow faster why not the skin too?
1It's exactly what it looks like, they just can't show an accidental handjob in their family-friendly manga, so the real deal was conveniently replaced. It's like a visual version of reading between the lines.Rito's dick just got walked home gently, deal with it.
4vanillafaggets who let their manchildren read manga other berserk should not be allowed on the internet
8they just can't show an accidental handjobIt's weird that they can show accidental semi-necrophilic tentacle rape though.
9That's just a tentacle monster privilege.
4YABUKI DID IT AGAIN.
8That's not what it was. If you read the spoilers, Lala was holding an elephant soap machine. All of that is soap. That's like saying the phone Mikan was holding was actually Rito's dick.
2Read again my post. I'm not saying she's holding Rito's dick in the picture, I'm saying that it's a form of censorship and insinuation.Of course it's just an interpretation of the panel, but with any piece of literature or art you can just take everything literally and refuse to seek a hidden message. But what's the point then?
Rito's really checking Lala out this chapter.
yabuki is so fucking good.take 9 for example.his illustrations are just magnificent. at first glance at the ecchi scenes you go " what the fuck am I looking at" only to slowly understand what is really going on. it's all about perspective and reception in his illustrations. he's japans van gough.
4please don't make that face, mikan.
9Those thick lips
1Yabuki's self portrait before he commit a suicide when?
Who do you think will kiss Rito next?
6rito is literally his portrait and the characters are tied to his personal life already
3Gotta be Lala. As much as I love Momo, gotta be the 2nd main heroine of the overall series.
Hey Hey!My body! Peke just measured my body and I'm slightly taller than yesterday!
1My boobs have gotten bigger too!Look!!You don't have to show me that!!!
8I love Lala's big boobs
8I'm gonna show Nana and Momo too~H-hey...!...I'm still ahead, right?not sure about this one Even if you wanted me to agree... / I wish I could agree but...
4wowIt seems like Lala has grown back to being about 14 years old again.amazing
6can't be bothered to come up with a good translation but she is saying "these still developing breasts" are springy/stretchy/are firm/got some resistance to them
1Rito let's bath togetherLala!!why all of a sudden...ehehe~ Don't you think it's nice to do once in a whileThe last two aren't good translations but you should get the gist of it.
4feeling herself up in front of her brother
8No idea how to translate the first part. It's something about Rito seeing Lala when she's just about at the "marriageable age"/age of consent and naked.I am getting way too nervous.
6Mikan has no shame with Rito. She took a bath with him recently.8No, it's Rito just getting to see a Lala he's never really seen before right before his eyes.
6I kinda missed this Lala!
6Dat belly
884Rito level of self restraint is probably Nirvana tier at this point.
6He's in it for the longrun. If he breaks now he'll miss out on some girls in the harem.
7He is beeing too greedy then, he could ready have a nice harem right now. He could only miss a couple of the girls.
6Why are they still using those swimsuits?
, 
, 
, 
Why is China ithe best yuri?
She's not though. She's a literal rapist and a total bitch to everyone except Yui.
Because she raped my heart!
, 
Have any of you had any problems trying to enter sadpanda in the last 5 months or so?probably haven't experienced any problems with a US ip, but what about the rest?
It says it's down since fucking 5 months..
I suddenly got panda'd out of nowhere today, had no problems accessing it a couple days ago. Logged back into e-hentai and tried again but got nothing. Probably gonna delete cookies and do the whole process again unless anyone else has a solution.
1Fucking kike Tenboro made a purgue, I heard.. want my faps back..
1I personally don't even get the panda, just a timeout since 5 months ago. I can enter just fine with a vpn tough, which is why I'm asking here if anybody knows what's going on
Can someone explain to me why the fuck there's no tag for pages 12 and 13 of this?
62015being this asshole..
6what
1Some people in this thread just can't access that domain right now.. you are just a rude asshole..
6nobody tags each individual page you autistic fucking reek
4Philippines here. It's up for me.6blame the antiquated tagging system of e-hentai
8Sorry anon.9I just mean the drooling dude.
Finally a sadpanda thread.I'm looking for a manga by Maruta called Exhibitionist College Girl Series, first three chapters were translated by Munyu, then someone scanlated the whole 10 chapters and uploaded to exhentai, however it was took down by wanifags. I remember reading that the guy only uploaded it to exhentai so it doesn't seem to be anywhere else, been looking for a while but all I found are the first three chapters translated by Munyu.Does anyone know where to find this work completely translated or if you have it can you upload it to mega or somewhere else? As far as I know this shit is completely lost.
The story of the panty eating old man continues, this time with a milf.
5It's okay.. I just miss the Ex page.
7 volumes STILL untranslated
7why the fuck is no one translating thiswhy do the girls even fall for him
3Mind control/magic post-it notes
href="#p126162993" class="quotelink"3Try searching the title.
7[Mogiki Hayami] Jousou Kurogal Mama Danshi [Digital] [English] [ilwaz]crossdressing, kissings, guys only, yaoiOh cool.analFucking dropped.
4Philippines here. It's up for me.Same. I never experienced downtime Panda before.
7Gallery not available.I don't know what requirements I need to see the gallery or if it's there at all but I can't reach it. Can you upload it somewhere?
7I have this downloaded but it's like 500 Mb. A bit too much for my poverty internet to upload.
7I have snail-tier uploading speed. It'll be faster to find alternatives, just google the title.
7Get exlinks and google the title you dinosaur
7
Why is this allowed?
7[Mogiki Hayami] Jousou Kurogal Mama Danshi [Digital] [English] [ilwaz]The whole tank contains both lightsabers and polkadicks.
8I've experienced the regular error 503s.
4internet too slow to upload 62MBWhere do you live?
What a waste of good artwork on yaoi/furry shit.
3The maintenance ones?
8The joke was that he said Mb instead MB, 500Mb = 62.6MB
6Ohh, didn't notice that. I suck dicks!
8Holy shit are they finally making Kuzo?
I've been using an extension for firefox to access the site so no issue here
1at least it's got futanari instead of just straight up gay stuff
Any good recent translated trap doujin?
5Male Lactationclass="quote"Not KanColleclass="quote"Twintailstwo Mogiki titles on first page.
any recent loli?
9yes
I know this is vague but hopefully someone will know what I mean. I'm looking for stuff that makes me want to procreate, stuff where the girl makes me want to cum deep inside and impregnate her. I don't know how to describe the feeling any better than that.
3Just hit up any loli doujin.
6Add it yourself. Tag's not there because uploader missed it and the people who notice the missing tags ask 4Chan about it instead of actually doing something. Nice link though


, 
, 
The dream is over
I want to kill this fucking cunt.God fucking damn it, Watari. Couldn't you have a cover with a less painful expression on it?
this is Ayase from Midori no Hibi all over again
Reminder that Yukino YukinoSHITa is objectively the worst girl.
6Why is she carrying 8man's bag?Does this mean yui won?
6Nice try, Yukinofag. The dream will never die.
3this much denialJu-just let it go anon. The dream is over.
Yui downIt's now Yukino vs Iroha
I hope Yuckyno loses hard.
mfw the club frame of the final episode this season is just 8man, Iroha and Yukino
I-I don't think I can handle any more sad Yui, please don't do this to me.
She's a good girl, just end her suffering already.
3I hope so
6Yfw she's looking at Yukino and not the 8man
6Worst girl lostYuifags BTFO.
Whaaat
Yukino, a girl that never even mentioned that she was involved in the car accident, will fucking win the 8bowlYui will lose because muh nice grills trauma
7She needs to move on, she is basically perfect, she can get every other guy she wants because normal guys always dream nice girls
2Fuck off Yuckynofag.
4/vg/It will appeal to your interests.
6So the worst girl lost. Nothing of value was lost.
0But Yuckyno hasn't lost yet.
I wonder how many underage in /a/ watching this show. Last week, I complained about Commiesub not suiting my taste. The next thing happened, he said by saying it is shit you just commit the lowest logical fallacy My point is, there are people here who exaggerate on what he reads. They can't accept that in internet, people don't have hidden motivation on their words.
0Dat rhymeWell done.
2the exact same word rhyming with one anotherAre you a rapper?
0And there is this person who talk as if his opinion represents anyone but him.
This is ridiculous,
8Yukinoashitfags are trying to troll, but the pathetic fucks are only ridiculing themselves.
4The series sure has taken over /a/ just like the fate threads.
Everyone just go here.4
08Yuifags are THIS butthurt.Oh wow.
1Shut up butthurt yuifag
Iroha will win the 8man.
4,Your sperging regarding the matter is more ridiculous.
3Stop shitposting, fucking retarded Yukinofag.
are all of you guys just assuming that yui lost the 8bowl because she looks sad on the cover? or has someone read it? What the fuck am I looking at?
0because she looks sad on the cover
444One thread guys
0Poor virgin and blind anon
Yukino a shit
4Yui a shit*
6Fuck off Yuckynofag.
6WAKE ME UP INSIDECAN'T WAKE UPWAKE ME UP INSIDECAN'T WAKE UPCALL MY NAME AND SAVE ME FROM THE DARK
But logically 8man won't chose either for romancehe's too smart to foolishly choose either of the girls because he'd know that doing so would cause great damage to the other he does not go with.
still no HarunoNice meme drama
Rooting for third worst girl because you still don't despise her as much as YukinoWhere did it all go so horribly wrong...
Dat face of defeatFans already see what it meansBest news all week. It's about time a retarded like Yui knew her place.
5
8She's gonna carry that weight. The weight of being rejected and seeing the one she loves with her best friend :^
7Fuck off Yuckynofag.
It's never over!
0it's over
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
HAA DOKKOI!
terebi mo nerajo mo nekuruma mo sorehodo hashittene
Are you sure?
, 
Based Seven Seas.for fans of Yotsuba&!wut?
Finally.
For fans of midgets
1not liking cute Koma-chan.
9Hotaru please leave.
for fans of Yotsuba&!
7Seven Seas a shit. And what do you mean wut? They're both cute and relaxing manga.
42Yotsuba is a midget?
7for fans of Yotsuba&!Jesus.
4She is a miracle of the universe
for fans of Yotsuba&!I don't get it. What's wrong with this?
BasedYou have to shill subtler, man.
1Translation: For people with good taste. Makes perfect sense.
7I like the way Natsumi holds the one.
8I like the look Hotaru's giving the one.
7They are both very similar, but people here convinced themselves that it's okay to fap to NNB, but not okay to fap to Yotsuba.
tfw no cute senpai to hugwhy even live?
Welcome with the rest of the world, now wait another 3 moths for the next volume to come out.
4I keep forgetting how much the biyoris are sexualized. I any case I'm pretty sure the tagline is meant for normal people who don't fap to either.
3country?
7class="quote"USD$31.83
7For fans of Yotsuba&void of adventure
8Holy shit, is the paper made of gold or something?
3"Italy is the best place for localized manga after France" they saidtfw even US gets all the SoL and niche stuff before us nowadaysmeanwhile the pastaland readerbase is busy drooling over AgK announcementThe future looks bleak around here.
9They sexualize themselves.
8dollars
0Indonesia, also I think the France also have them too.
EOPs from all over the world arguing about manga they getnot just buying anything you want in Japanese
I bought the new volume, the limited oneI need the others, that one looks lonely in the bookshelf
8I'm having strange reactions that I'm not supposed to legally have
3Shhhh, let them "support the industry and author" as much as they want.
1That's actually a grammatically correct use of "void"; it can be used as an adjective as well as a noun.
3Fuck off
0I don't buy it to support the author, I buy it because i like to own and be able to read the manga physically.
9pirate the online version and print it out.or just buy a tablet with a matte screen.
Post best woman
8pirate the online versionWhat if no one scans it? Not to mention that at least someone has to buy it for everyone else to pirate it.
8pirate the online version and print it out.Printing something in great quantity and having it bound decently is only slightly cheaper than just buying a copy, in addition to being much less convenientor just buy a tablet with a matte screenCongratulations on missing the point of owning a physical copy.
7Took fucking long enough
7Yes France have them too.
7
8print it outWhat is the correct way to print something to read it?Reading from a stack of printer paper sounds terrible.
6[Heh.
Why dont you buy the official version for cheap from google?have all the kaiji.
5Already got some of them straight from the Play Store
5from google
5are you waiting for, anon?
8The books are all up in play store
2not buying the French version.
5Already bought some issues of Famitsu and Dengeki there.
Yotsuba is cool. She drew Cure Beat fighting a bunch of mean dogs. Cure Beat is a cat
, 
, 
, 
Why is she so Fat_?
Fat people are disgusting and should kill themselves.However lolis are perfect and should never be harmed.Therefore I don't know how to feel about this.
, 
, 
, 
, 
Why did this never get a full TV series? A few OVA's is not enough. This show was hilarious.
I also enjoy anime.
Why doesn't 07th Expansion take a cue from Type-Moon and make a Prisma Maria?
Because unlike Ilya, Maria is shit.
They already did Oyashiro Rika.
5Because it makes as much sense as that Satoko and Rika magical girl episode.
"Having fun" they said.Ha
“We’ve been treated as bait! The Monsters will soon be here!”“……Why.”“Hey hey, you’re joking right?”After the Blacksmith Welf joined the party, Bell headed towards the Middle Floors.However, due to the other teams’ scheme, their condition worsened and was caught up in an isolated situation, without any reinforcement, inside the dungeon.Hestia, in order to rescue Bell, with the original Lv. 4 Adventurer, Ryuu, and the God Hermes as companions, attempted to invade the Dungeon. However……“——The Floor Boss Goliath !?”What stopped in front of Bell was the most evil enemy, and pushed them to a even more desperate situation.Desiring for hope, and with a resolve of dying, the 5th book about the Dungeon.“Until the very limits —— Going beyond my limits, I’ll place everything inside this body”This is the boy’s journey that the Goddess records.——The Familia’s Myth——
1Did bell beat the goliath?
0Only due to Werf not having high enough endurance that he can't handle falling down a hole.Bell wouldn't have experienced so much bullshit if he decided to go solo because he neither has to carry heavy people or worry about people who are incapable of defending themselves anymore.
7So bell is a kirito?
What's the most western anime you can think of?Has to have been made in Nipponland by Nipponians obviously
4Golgo 13.
, 
Shh... loli is sleeping.
3Time to wake up bitch.
7Can't wake the heartless.
Lewd.
7As long as your in accels arms you can live without one.
7Didn't that guy get a loli of his own? I wouldn't know since I don't know the series
0Yes but who 's to say he isn't interested in expanding his loli collection?
1Forgot pic.
Don't worry, I'm gentle.
3Wake up ;_;
Who is the best Higurashi, and why is it Rena?
, 
SEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
9Why are you reading this NTR shit?
2It's literally impossible for anyone except the joke grill to get NTR'd at this point. It's a sixty-chapter romance manga that hasn't had any romance for thirty chapters.
9New Fuuka best Fuuka edition.
9All the characters are getting NTR'ed by the author. They are forced to watch as SEO fucks their destinies.
THE LEGEND CONTINUES BOOOOYS!
5editionThis is a weekly thread for new chapters, not a general.New Fuuka best FuukaI will fight you.
I can't believe there's still people reading this shit.
─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ▄ ▌ ▐ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▌─ ─ ─ ▄ ▄ █ █ ▌ █ ░ ♥ REPOST IF YOU’RE A BIG BEAUTIFUL TRUCK▐▄ ▄ ▄ ▌ ▐ █ █ ▌ █ ░ ♥ ░ WHO DON’T NEED NO FUUKA ░ ♥ ░ …░░ ░ ▐█ █ █ █ █ █ █ ▌ █ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▌▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▘
2Will you ever try fixing that truck?
3I shield myself behind five layers of irony and then take a few minutes out of my week so I can laugh at Seo.
SEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
8Come at me brah :^ I dl 100kg, just coming over from /fit/ to comment on my favourite chinese wall-drawing on this chinese wall-drawing enthusiast meet
Welp, Sara-senpai just lost the game again
THE LEGEND CONTINUUUUUEEEESSS
2SEE YOU NEXT WEEK
2He must have a personal assistant whose only job is to come up with ridiculous taglines to put in the corner.
, 
Why is anime so addictive, /a/?
2It is not, you weeb.
2No, It isn't, Web novel is more addictive
2Because you want to escape from your shitty life, where nobody likes you, girls think that you're a creep and parents lost any hope in you.
6You were supposed to be talking about OP not me.
3Web noveltfw people have wasted their lives in a medium that you will never acknowledge in the slightest
84chan/a/I guess we all are similar.
0We all are autisticMost of us are total losers and most of /a/ faggs are 13yo kids
, 
, 
Best girl tomorrow
3That's not Kagura.
3ah I almost forgot. might as well keep this thread since the stream in a few hours. where by the way?
thread is dead before the episode gets to be broadcastEverytime.
4tfw Gintama threads are always deadit's just 3 more hours too
743Anons the next episode is tomorrow
34727 more hours
0OH so it it. I forgot it was monday.
If Kagura is best girl, can he be best boy?
6
8Marvelous as fuck. It's missing some of the more recent episodes though.Bring on the best youtube vids you have of Gintama, just to keep the thread alive and running.
3How do you pronounce the °?
another convenience store vid, now with 100% more best boys.
6No he can't
1
13And here's the answer.

Best Kagura?
6That's not Movie Kagura.But other than that, I really like 7 across, 3 down, Yoshiwara and 2 across 3 down, which I think was Tama Quest or Dojo.
6Mayo Kagura. It makes me giggle.
3Tsukky is the best. Gtfo pleb
6no radio exercise Kagura
But everyone knows Elizabeth is the bestNo wait Catherine.
3otaebest girlPick one.
6Alzabeth is the cutestSecond movie Gura-san is the hottest, too bad she's not in the picture
7Sa-chan pls
, 
, 
, 
neko mimi butto
kissu
Furufuru, furumu-n!That's some QUALITY anatomy there.
, 
, 
This is fine in Japan
6indeed it is, your point?
6Fine with me as well. Amazing satan trips.
absolutely disgusting. Illya is the finest.
I could swear I saw this exact same image with this text 3 days ago.
6Proof Japan is Heaven on Earth.
410 y-o half naked and sharing passionate kiss is fine, but smoking cigarette, very light gore or even underage drinking lel I drunk too much soda is wrong?
This gets more epic every time you repost it.
7quads for truth
So I'm guess since there is already a Prisma thread up with serious discussion about the manga and Nasuverse lore this is the daily Kuro wank thread?
67Waow!
7Nice
67Satan got BTFO
what if we took a serious VNthen, what if we took some random, unimportant side character...and then, what if we made her, and all her irrelevant friends lesbiansprisma illyaa complete insult to the Fate franchise.
2defenseless anusserious
4Again, your point?
2hugely popular franchisethe only good fight scenes they made were in a magical girl spin-off of said franchise
2EVERY THREAD
2and somehow it still manages to do a better Archer fight scene then Ufotable.Shit's unexplainable.
67God has spoken.Time for loli paradise.
2Porn gameSerious
6This is fine in Japanmore like is allowed since nobody gives a shit
2Unimportant side characterliterally the most important non-MC character in true endingHave you even gone all the way through F/S?
5Why ?Japan always seemed pretty uptight about sex.
3Nigga is you serious?
2I can see why you are still posting this, considering the amount of replies it still gets.
5Children's penises are allowed to be shown uncensored, and yet showing uncensored loli slits is wrong?
Avoided the Fate series like edgy retarded smallpox. Prisma Illya is the only thing attracting me. Who knows? Maybe im brain damaged enough to actually become interested in the source material. But before that, faps will be had.
3
I watched this show. S1 was pretty good, and I liked it.S2 is dogshit and unenjoyable, the only good thing about it is that Kuro is the sexiest thing on this earth.Luvia is the best girl though.
3wat
4What*
Fine in my pants, too.
Every time you watch this series a Mana Dragon dies.
What is the top 3 battle scene of this series?
Kuro a shit
01 No one gives a shit about your opinion except you.2 No one gives a shit about your opinion except you.3 Go back to facebook.
2ShitpostingI shall pray for God's smite upon you.
1posts Kuronot shitpostingpick one.
01. Kuro vs Miyu You know which one I'm talking about.
4No I don't.
Which one could make you cum fastest?
6And this thread is fine on /a/.How is this place any better.
2Thats quite a delicious panel.
2Implying Ilya wasn't gay already outside of her brother fetish.
5she's gayyet she's not gayJust call her a bisexual cumrag and call it a day.
5That just means bisexual.
6you need to be ULTRA GAY HAATER OF ANYTHING STRAIGHT AND LOVER OF ONLY BIG CHUBBY BEARS to not like this.I think i could convert gays to straight with pics such as that.
2This pasta is extremely useful for weeding out the newfags, thanks anon
loli lesbians
2a comic relief to break the oppression of hours of gloomy and fatalistic tragedyIt's a satyr play in the classical tradition.
, 
, 
Does she ever masturbate in her fortified suit?
I don't see why not
2posting the wrong one
2of course, when she kills lot of BETA she rubs her crotch on the seat. They even got that thing between they legs for more stimulation.
4does it have a built in vibrating dildo too that they can insert after unzipping?
3implying yui doesnt masturbate furiously to her onii-chan in her cockpit
6
Always
why is there no porn of her masturbating in her suit
The Takamura genes is fap material
2She has one?Anime only fag right here
Being Yui is suffering
5GEE, SURE IS STRANGE THAT YOUR COOKING TASTES JUST LIKE MY MOTHERS SPECIAL INGREDIENTS SHE LEARNT FROM MY JAPANESE DAD YUI, MUST BE A COINCIDENCE THOUGH
3not even mad
5Officially, no. That would be scandalous.
, 
です
shit meme
8I wonder how many people will understand this image today.
Tactical sage
8DUBS?
3Not me, I only got here like 2 years ago.It'll actually be two years in few weeks.
3HOOOOOOOOOOOO
8ですです
I miss Hard Gay. Shit takes me back.
3Yours has been normalbait since day one, anyone who spent at least 10 minutes on lurkmoar can probably get most of OP's.
9
9
6Okay, tell me where the gifs come from then, smartass. Then tell me why they are all in an image together.
1They're together because of an event that happened between late 2006 and early 2007 on /b/
8I haven't seen those forum smilies in years holy shit.
, 
, 
Can Tohsaka Rin beat Mikoto Misaka in a fight?
4No because Misaka is above saint tier.
4Tosaka is somewhere near Vento status. I'd say it would be close but Tohsaka would lose. Nasu is more know for bullshit workarounds than Kazuma Kamachi though so its not like my opinion has any value here.
Can shirou beat Mikoto Misaka in a faight?
Rin is the better tsundere.
6Tosaka is somewhere near Vento status.What?
4I hoenstly don't remember Venot having much useful combat abilities.There's that thing where you can't treat her as a threat and that thing with the ice ship but both aren't really her own.Most I remember is she has a staff that shoots air?
6Probably not, Misaka is a high school girl and shirou is no Touma who punches ladies
3Implying any Tsundere character is goodTop kek.
Tohsaka Rin will never fist your defenseless anus
Easily, Mikoto is just flesh and blood
0What's the point of even living?
2Her power that got wrecked by IB is to make anyone that sees her as a threat fall unconscious, and if you think about it's pretty OP since you can disable an entire city at once. The staff that shoots air easily destroys concrete though.
Mikoto has the better stamina and defence.
OLD MEN
Spot the whore.
trick question
8Are we finally getting the KyoAni Phantasm?
8Who has the best tasting armpits out of these four and why is it Tamako?
8The heterosexual one.
0all of my want/dollars
0My dick can only get so erect
8The one not in the image. That being Sento.
8Tamako S2 confirmed?
There are people that like fuyukai desu
6I am people
8Where the FUCK is Kanie?
0He ain't full kyoani
6She's fluffy and comfy as fuck in the TV series. She's badass in the movie. What's not to like.
No Hyouka
Mirai
8Hyouka isn't KyoAni's IP. 4Don't sexualize the Tamako you fucking degenerate.
The KyoAni cinematic universe is getting larger
no free
9Free event isn't for a while
9How is that a bad thing?
2Hyouka isn't KyoAni's IP.Neither is Kumiko
6They bought the rights to Hibike. They can do whatever they want in anime with it.
4So all of them.
8Rikka. Her seiyuu too.
6They completely own anything related to the anime side of the franchise as proven by Kumiko showing up on their event.
8_allof them
8Where's Haru?
2made by Kyoanimost popular IP and biggest recent cash cow How is it anything but a bad thing?
0I suppose they want to have their Otaku and their Fujoshi fanbase separated. Not really a bad thing.
8The one showing off her pantsu.
0Pantsu
High Speed image soon mark my words
8Shouldn't Mirai have black hair?
3That would be spoilers. And she's cuter with red hair.
6yfw Bakuon on the list next
So, it's CTHK now?
, 
Let's get pedantic.Nishi apparently hated society as opposed to people. His character was the manifestation of the author's negative view on Japanese hive-minded and inhibited society as opposed to the western individualist societies. Obviously this might be reading too much into it but it's fun to hear about what you imagine characters and their relationship with their creator's world view/philosophy are. Anybody else wanna give it a go?
2the whole manga, at the start, is a spin on the state of the human society, with people being morbidly curious and twisting things into a cruel game.
28tfw not enough social commentary manga
0Well you know, you can take things a bit further and read too much into things for shits and giggles.
8pretty much. Nishi nailed it in the head when he said your first thoughts are "I get to see someone die." I hate how Oku shat on nishi's character during the last arc though.
, 
, 
, 
ITT: We stawpoll a selection from our backlog. Other anons vote on what we should watch.unrelated.
Only drinks royal loli bloodThe realest nigga with the most refined tastes.
8But he desires another bloods eventhough he doesn't want to
Nah, he's just too scared to drink human blood and become a real vampire.
What's better?A pure girl who seems slutty or a slutty girl who seems pure?
1I want to cum inside Mika.Anon, wait for season ends.
Give me 5 reasons why Manga isn't a superior medium to Anime
Audio
6Where's my protip?
6Because of the fact that they're different.
6No one likes to read
6fairy tale is shit everywhere stop triying to shove up that shit in our face BTFO of here
4That's not a good reason: literal and allegorical modes are also different forms of expression.
6OSTs.
7You mean the difference between literature and visual media isn't a big enough difference for you?
5I mean that merits can still be argued for both mediums and that simply saying it's different is a scapegoat and insufficient.
9I see you've provided 5 reasons why it is the superior medium. Oh wait.
It is superior, but babbies with short attention spans need moving pictures and noise to stay interested so I guess that's one reason.
2Is this really fairy tail.Because I'm reverse searching and I'll be really disappointed if its just fairy tail. Please help.
Stopped watching anime years ago.
Anime allows for much more subtlety in audio cues, where Manga always has to draw your attention to it with sound effects, Anime can for example, have a creaking door sound without having to draw your attention to it with "Creak" written out. It also allows for silence to have an impact to build tension.Voice acting is also a big positive. Spoken words convey far more meaning, nuance, and emotion than written text, and good performances can often express the emotions the writer intended far better. It's far more visceral to hear someone's voice crack than it is to read stuttered text, barks and yells can pack far more punch when they're actually shouted out.Music kinda falls under the audio thing, but I feel it deserves its own mention for how it can also completely set the mood of scenes, and make sure that the scene isn't misinterpreted without being hamfisted. Something like completely establishes that the Ginyu Force are absolutely ridiculous despite the constant build up to them, and keeps all of their scenes comedic.Action also typically looks much better in anime, for obvious reasons, as it's actually animated. Action in Manga relies on impressive imagery, and conveying combat through still images, while it works just fine, it usually lacks flow and rhythm, things that Anime can implement with ease.Fifth reason... fifth reason...I'm tempted to say filler can help develop characters, but filler ends up being shit half the time and just serviceable most of the rest. Guess you got me, OP
I prefer manga over anime too, doesn't mean it's superior.1 color2 movement3. voice4. music5. If you enjoy one form of media you don't need to give up on the other.
1Voice actingMusicThese are good points, but both of these can easily turn out bad. Voice actors aren't always fitting for their role, and music does not always fit the atmosphere. In manga, the voices can be created in your head so they don't feel off. As for music, you got me there. I usually just listen to a soundtrack on a different tab.And manga can have some very high-impact scenes, sometimes better than I've seen in anime.
7If you really want to evaluate the forms of expression on a fundamental level, then anime is clearly better, because it could in theory do everything manga does save for allow you to read at your own rate, but in a sense that's almost a benefit, since it gives the creators finer control over your experience. I could make a black-and-white anime composed of silent stills if I wanted to. I could put paneling in. It would still be anime. But you can't have animated manga, or else it's anime. So, there, in theory, anime is better. But that's a useless truth, because that doesn't say anything about the media as they exist in reality, where you can't compare them directly, because they're really fucking different.
4I'm a babby with a short attention span, and I need zero-second-duration manga panels instead of drawn-out camera shots to stay interested.
muh jiggling boobsmuh shitty OPs and Eds that would sound the same if you played them all at once muh momentummuh cute voicesmuh music
5shitty OPs and Eds that would sound the same if you played them all at onceIt's amazing how wrong one Anon can be
8world trigger...
5muh shitty OPs and Eds that would sound the same if you played them all at once Are you retarded?
6Easy1 No sound2 No color3 No CG4 Needs more than year to cover as much plot as anime can cover over the course of three months.5 It's less popular
0Me too actually, but at the same time I like being able to look at some pages/panels for longer than they'd be on screen so it balances out. Being able to set your own pace is the best thing about manga.But somehow, for most people, it seems more like a short attention span results in preferring anime.
6Anime is the superior medium but since anime is harder and more expensive to produce, manga vastly outnumbers anime and by simple math there are far more good manga out there than there are anime.
55 It's less popularWhere? Because in Japan manga as a medium it's way more popular than anime.
9I always try to tell myself that people like you are just joking, and that nobody is that much of a dumb fuck.But I don't really believe it.
2No it isn't.Anime is free to watch.Manga isn't free to read.Thus, anime has a much wider access.
5muh jiggling boobsYes? These are essential.
Is Touma Alpha?
He's Omega.
4Looks like she's getting it good.
, 
How do I make her happy?
5Abolish mornings.
try with a dick
Dracula didnt have his mojo baby
, 
, 
Classic Game Room is /a/ related now.should Mark review next?
6I like Classic Game Room too but /v/ is that way.
tfw CGR reads Berserk, Vagaond, Vinland saga, and Gantz
6/v/
OyaSUmi PunPun isa Manga by InioAsanoIt details the depressing life of asmallbird.
What do you think about Diane's flashback? Also best flashback so far?
0best flashback so far?not this one
0I think the second half dropped the ball a bit. Ban's and King's were better, although they did set pretty high standards for backstories. Also there's already a thread up.
0Bang's chapter is still the best.
3BangKeep your fujoshit to yourself
Okay
1Real original, man.
, 
, 
, 
, 
Is this any good? The team behind it is GOAT, but I've never heard anything about it.
6It's great until Nine shows up, then it's OK, OST is 10/10 though
8/10 until episode 5. After that, It turns 2/10.
6The girl is the worst part. by far. OST is the best part and really the whole anime speaks loudest when nobody is talking and the OST is playing
6I've never heard anything about itLurk more, newfag.3You better mean Five, and not Lisa.
6
6twin towers burning in the backgroundWhy is this allowed?
0holy fucking shit this is goodshame the anime seems to be shitty
6First episode is great, second through fourth are pretty good, and everything after that is crap except for the ferris wheel scene.
6It's pretty good considering how Japan has yet to deal with ISIS9/11
6Fuck what anyone says, this show was great all the way thru. 8/10 easily
So...what does a deflowered guy smell like?
6What do you think, OP?
6im not a loli goddess so i dont know
Not like cum.
5
Like NORMALFAGSREEEEEEEEEEEE
6Pussy juice
Sweat and pussy
3but that doesnt prove anything
Goddamn, get a load of those fishcakes.Episode 10 preview pics and summary are out: 
2The previews this time are pretty low key, but at least there's happy Leo and lunch trio shenanigans.
9And massive property damage.The insurance adjusters assigned to Dianne's Diner will be giving Vivian's dad the stink-eye over this one.
Do they hate each other or something?
4Zed and Zapp are like brothers where Zed is the favorite child of the parents. You can draw conclusions from there.
Only 3 episodes left, I don't want this to end in tragedy
Zed thread a best.
1I don't want this to end in tragedyIt shouldn't.Leo's opening monologue is about how his time in Libra made him feel less useless.
Steven/K.K ep never
2Zed thread, baby, Zed thread.
46where Zed is the favorite child of the parentsThe interesting thing, though, is that Master said this last week. So while he thinks Zapp is a useless idle sack of farts, he's forced to acknowledge his skill. Zed is a good boy and a model pupil, but he's only #2 skill-wise as of yet.So Raju's the dad who pits his kids against each other to watch them fight because it will make them into real men, and also because he thinks it's funny.
6Leo's opening monologue is about how his time in Libra made him feel less useless.So Leo loses his eyes and proves his worth in Libra without the use of them, and gets them back?
0gasp! Homewrecker!
Do you think the anime staff had originally meant this to be conclusive story and is scrambling to animate different finale material to hint at a sequel because they didn't anticipate how popular it ended up being?
6I don't think there's any scrambling going on. The director had a very firm guiding hand on the wheel of the entire production, and I believe her vision of what she wanted to do with the show in these twelve episodes is complete and realized. There may be some last-minute changes to leave the door open for an anime continuation, but only minor ones; nothing to shake up the plot. Doing that kind of shit is usually a recipe for disaster anyway. Shirobako should have taught you that.
6That would be an interesting twist. Although Klaus makes it clear they see his worth, so it's more of Leo seeing it himself.  then again he kinds of goes through as well on volume 10 right?
7Yeah he does, but that sadly won't get animated any time soon. This original plot line was obviously inspired by it with the sibling and turtle knight stuff.
is promoting the series BD pretty heavily. This is good.
0In fairness to KK, she rarely gets any battle action unless she's teamed up with Starphase. She's probably sick of being stuck with that cold-blooded guy all the time and wants her turn to be Klausie's spotter and ruffle his sideburns during downtime for once.
I can't wait for this scene in the last episode. It looks great. So many warms colours. I hope the last episode makes me cry
5I'm curious about these laterns and also the carnival imagery that's all over the OP. Will we be revisiting Coney Island again?
3life-sized Sempai
3
7electromilfI'm absolutely stealing that for future use, just so you know.
4I wouldn't have it any other way.
Why I get the feeling that White / Mary isn't human ? Maybe she's a tool / partner made just for William.It's just weird they William and Mary have different eye's color.
DBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZYou know what the B is for.
8
8Do you mean White died and this one is a fabrication? Or do you mean even their child hood was fake.Either one I think is pretty unlikely.
0I'd make some kind of comment here about how cute KK's family is and how wrong that is, but I want a KK/Chain episode just as much, so I'm in no position to throw stones.
2Well, I don't think she's dead. But since first she's a fake human created by their parents or maybe just his father.
1That sounds like an unnecessary complicated element that would detract from the Leo and Michella parallels.
3I was thinking of something similar
Leo dies.
116That sounds like an unnecessary complicated elementBut is that what would induce the most DESPAIR? Because if so, he'd probably do it.And that flashback homestead White's remembering is ridiculously idyllic. Almost too good to be true.
3My goodness, anon.I'd be willing to bet KK is a three-beer queer.
1
1Zapp cries?
3isn't their masters favorite zapp? he was still trying to convince zapp to be the true heir to his style. I don't think he likes zed more per say but he has a better personality; he would still rather zapp be the true inheritor
8More like he pulled the trigger.
7Zapp kinda went a wee bit too far with his bullying this volume huh?, I mean be a bit nicer to your tiny bro.
Urgh the Black and White subplot completely kills whatever enjoyment I was having with the series.
3Sorry you feel like that anon. At least there's the manga.
1Zed is the blue man.
Will there be an /a/ sings for the ED?Or even the OP really. They are both really fucking good.
6A shame its not scanned online. What are they even planning on doing with this show since its clearly going anime only ending. I feel like the shows doing well enough to warrant a second season.
8Well if the show sells well then we may get a season 2
3You should be fuckin thankful that this isn't like every shitty Bones anime original content. For the anime original content being this good and not shit is a Godsend.Also the reason the anime original was added was because the Production Committee probably thought this would bomb. Which I can actually understand because stuff like Kekkai doesn't normally sell. So yeah be thankful that the content we're getting is good.
3Oh God I'd kill for a KK/Chain episode
7How's Kekkai doing saleswise anyways.
6devastatingly good-lookingAbrams please.
4BD are predicted to sell about 10K or more and the manga is getting a boost.Chances for season 2 are really high.
What's the point of Chain?
0What's the point of you?
2What kind of fish has antennae?
2BonesS2Uh-oh
7One thing I'm a little worried about is that season one's ending might undermine volume 10 if that ever gets adapted. A key aspect of it is that Leo is still struggling with guilt issues and low regard for himself, so if he overcomes that by the end of this season, it kind of deflates an important facet of a story that worked as a really good closure for Leo's character arc, and it might make S2's ending feel a little repetitive too if they don't change it.
4is that how she is in the manga she looks so cute in the op
4I think he'll still have those guilt issues He might be able to save the twins if it happens, but in his mind, he still hasn't done a thing for Michella at that point. It'll just be a high point for him.Nothing much has changed from then, but sometimes only a little, I feel different
1Yes. Michella a cute.
4The reverse, of course, if Leo fails to save his friends then his guilt complex might be even worse.I think they'll be saved since the opening monologue seems optimistic, or at the very least the twins choose to go on their own accord to prevent the collapse or die together maybe Mary really was meant to die 3 years ago.
6Aw, fiance seems nice. Glad that the enemy in vol 10 wasn't actually him.
11How is she reading that letter?
9maybe she had some one read it to her
914Oops, got confused. We weren't including the twins' fate in this conversation.It would still be nice for Leo to feel a bit more accepted as part of the team
Post Chain getting the P. P for pets on the head.
2little sister gets a fiance before leo can even touch a girlmanga leo must be suffering; his little blind sister found love and leo hasn't even had any interaction with any younger women his age besides that irrelevant waitress or aligura and leo definitely knows not to stick his dick in crazy
98Yeah, she probably had parents read to her.When ep 1 first aired, a lot of people wondered why Leo would write a letter opposed to phoning or something, and I think this episode kind of shows why.Basically I think Leo doesn't really know what to say to his sister. He can't think of anything to write at the moment, and he also probably doesn't want to be put on the spot by calling her. By series end, he does have something to say, but he wants to make sure he expresses it all properly, hence the letter format.
02Man will Leo ever find a gal?
0What's the point of Chain?I can think of one pretty big one.
4It looks like he's pretty much stuck with Zapp.Could be worse. I hear he gives pretty good head at least.
Finally read vol 10.Anyone know when 11 is coming out? I do so hope for season 2.Also darkhorse can you be any slower???
9Such a thing before marriage? Perish the thought.
Poor Manga Leo. All the bros and no hoes to hang out with.At first he at least had Dick Suck to keep him company. Now Zapp has Zed to hang out with. I guess that leaves only mushroom bro.
2From what I hear, there isn't enough material for a volume 11 as the series is on hiatus until it moves to its new magazine. I imagine in the mean time Nightow's busy doing promo stuff for the anime considering the timing of it all. He's drawing an illustration for each BD volume. Vol 1 has a short 2 page comic, and the rest of the probably will have something similar.
Is the lunch eating the only manga part next week? Is the police inspector going to get some lines?
8ah thanks.That is good to know.
28New Japanese volumes used to be published twice a year, in June and December, but 10 came out later because it had a complete story arc that was quite a bit longer than previous volumes. Then SQ 19 went poof, and no, there definitely isn't enough material to make up a complete volume 11 yet. There won't be until the new magazine launches in July and Kekkai gets back on track with regular chapter releases. God I hope it's another quarterly or bimonthly so the chapter length won't be unduly shortened.On the subject of releases, though, I see the Kindle edition of volume 10 recently went up for sale, so maybe a rip will surface soon.
6Have there been chapters since vol 10? Npt chapters like that Femt trolling one and Chain and Zapp handcuffs which are more like short stories done as anime promotion.
By the end of the anime White is hospitalised and presumed in a comaLeo can't visit herVolume 10/11 will have a chapter about her waking upShe becomes canonOnly in my dreams huh?
9I think for Starphase/Chain fans pets on the head really are analogous to sex, pretty much.
1Half anime promotion and half giving Nightow something to do while his manga is homeless.I wish I was able to check issues of SQ 19 to find out for sure for myself, but I believe that yes, the last full-length chapter was one of the ones included in volume 10 - that volume just came out this April, by the way.8Well it won't be in 10, since that's already been published. But hey, who really knows?
7Now Zapp has Zed to hang out with.That's not how it went down at all. They just expanded into a full-time gang of three. Zapp and Zed both like Leo more than they like each other. He's the glue that holds them together, and stands between them kicking the shit out of each other most of the time.
3The best in-store promo thing by far has been this one.
8police inspectorIs that who this dude is? Because if so I think we've seen him before in Blood Line Fever.
8There have been little cameos from manga characters sprinkled throughout the episodes. There was also that kid and her dad from Outlaw of Green at the start of episode 7 in Diane's Diner, I think. And the alien thugs at the start of episode 8 who ran into Zapp were also from a manga story I'm pretty sure, but I can't place them.
2That's brilliant. Know how it feels to be Chain.
3Man, that's neat. It really makes it feel like the staff of the anime really do give a shit and care about the world and the story they're telling.Here he is; he was the dude freaking out when Starphase and KK were going down into the subway.
3The two on the left?
3Aliens from "Desperate Night in the Macro Zone" from vol 7.
9Yeah, but actually it might've been from a different story, now that I think about it, not Outlaw of Green. Shit, which one was it?
40I wonder though about the fiance considering she talks about her brother alot, makes me wonder if that letter to her is also something she talks about
89Wait, I remember now. It was from bratatat mom.
3Several kinds of scorpionfish have them.Although the real answer is 'the kind who are best boy'.
Nightow live tweet anything notable for the most recent episode? Seems like he commented a bit more on the original stuff than usual. I can't figure out what he's saying about the original parents, but he did comment on Zapp's 3 angled spit take and red coats and guns.
53 angled spit takeThat shit was something else. A spit take with just spit shouldn't be able to hit someone else from like a foot away. If he really is Dick Suck then maybe he produces more saliva than normal humans, since he'd need it for lubrication, but jesus christ Zapp.
5comment on Zapp's 3 angled spit takeHe said he was impressed by the framing and the detail of the background in each of the three shots even though it was just a gag scene.and red coats and guns.Watching KK in action in the anime makes him feel faint.The stuff about parents is about his own, I think, and something about how they like to read his rough manga drafts, but it's kind of confusing to make out.alsoおね魚い致します...Nightow...
7
25brb, I need to see if I can find a place that will print custom doormats.
0In charge of the very important role of being the softest.
4It can't be helped. The anime is in production before vol 10 is published. The best they do is to bring out the big guns to gain some popularity at least.Not even Nightow himself could know Kekkai would sell so well that a season 2 is almost guaranteed. Also, not sure if anyone mention it yet. But apparently the Gilbert mobile came from the film, league of extraordinary gentlemen?
9I heard that too so I looked it up, and dang, Gilbert's is nearly a carbon copy.
4Never knew an alien could rock a pomp that well
4I don't think it'll undermine Volume 10, even if Leo thinks better about himself by the finale, Leo would still have his guilt complex and still have a low opinion, since he still didn't find a way to cure his sister.
78 hours late, but the way I understood that bit is that Zed was not in the picture yet when Master was trying to make Zapp inherit both styles. When he couldn't/wouldn't do it, Master took in another student to inherit the Wind stye, which was Zed.But I haven't read the manga yet so I'm merely basing this on the anime.
9Yeah pretty much it.Master is based that only he can use both styles at once, but he doesn't want his art to be lost. So he did the next best thing and split his teaching amongst two pupils.Z and Z both asked him to teach them the other style, only to get a loving beat down and dress down.
1Kekkai has the best drawfags I swear to god.
So is this what Black and White are supposed to be referenced to.
1This is still my guess.
1Pretty likely. My brother is named after a whiskey as well.
DICK SUCK BTFO
4
4
9I read the manga but even I'm a little bit confused.The manga worded the conversation slightly differently and seem to have Zapp and his master saying each other's dialogue.In it, Zapp was complaining how his master is stingy and had to split his art, while the master dismissed this and said using both styles are beyond human's limitation.Which makes sense, given how in the later volume there was a flashback of Zapp/Zed asking the master to teach them other styles and the master rejecting them.
Are they allowed to show eye gouging on-screen?
4What makes you think there will be a second season? Kind of feels like a one of thing with the direction they are taking it.
2Large profits frequently result in the material being milked further.
0Well they could easily go back and make some of the skipped bits into episodes I guess.
2It will be magical! Magical!
2This makes me think we won't get a season 2.I think Leo might actually lose his eyes.
2is this show worth picking up again? I dropped it after the first vampire encounter because I felt it wasnt explaining enough so I had no clue what was going on
8My name is _____chika-chika slim shady?
8They can easily change it so that there can be a continuation.
5I felt it wasnt explaining enough so I had no clue what was going onThis show isn't for you anon because it doesn't use exposition dumps in order to explain things. It's more of a show than tell kind of show.
5There are these vampires and they are bad news so they kill the vampires.There, I explained it to you. What more do you want?
9Thanks, that explains everything. I'll probably end up marathoning it once its finished airing.
2Am I the only one who thinks this new fishdude looks annoying as fuck ?
0Yeah you're the only one because he's actually a great character.Plus we didn't see much of his character yet.
5The subplot was Lucky takes Leo down underground to confirm how many Blood Breeds are actually in existence. The Blood Breed attack in the subway happens while their team Leo, Lucky, Zapp and Klaus are all away so Steven and KK are left to fight them. Meanwhile Chain video tapes. The blood breed don't show up on video for normal humans, but Leo can see them and get their names which are necessary to seal them.Sealing powerful blood breeds are the best way to defeat the powerful ones because they regenerate so quickly, as exhibited by how even a KK and Steven tag team was completely ineffective.It's all there. It just goes by quickly so you need to be paying attention.
6You just described what happened in the episode. I think he is confused about why those events occurred, not what occurred.
5Think of it as a saturday morning cartoon about superheroes, and a slice of life anime about superheroes, and they've met and liked each other very much, and much lewd hand-holdings were had, and Kekkai Sensen is the baby that the stork brought them.Then the randomness will bother you much less. This is not following the standard anime format of recent years, but a call back to younger days.
0Zapp stop sucking dicks.
2Hungover pantless Chain with her hair tied back throwing up into a toilet will never be animated.Why even live?
Wait, hold the fuck up. Next episode has Abrams in it? Just noticed from the PV shots for the next episode.I'm guessing he's the one to notice Black's masterplan first
4Why even live?It will happen anon. Either in a OVA or in a second season.
6Why is form 999 so cruel?
7because it shrinks their body and seals them for eternity, so they probably are conscious inside that small cross. Imagine getting squashed and still feeling alive, for an eternity
7You mean the incantation that's part of it? Maybe it's cruel because it's essentially trapping the blood breed in a prison?Or sometimes part of an incantation is just there to sound cool, like gratuitous use of a foreign language. I don't think we're meant to study it.
7Because solitary confinement forever is pretty cruel.And that Klaus is too sweet too pure for this world, to feel sympathy for the more bloodthirsty bloodbreeds.
1What happens if someone breaks the cross?
8it's probably unbreakable and second of all, Chain apparently takes care of those and puts them away somewhere special, so there's literally risk somebody would break them even if they could
So what is everyone's ideal outcome for this, namely the anime original stuff?First of all, it'd be real nice if White, Leo, and their friendship/relationship make it through the season finale more or less intact. Something I really like about Kekkai is that saving the world is just everyone's day job and they all have other things going on when vampires aren't fucking everyone. That said, it would be really amazing if White stuck around even if she isn't central to season 2. I really like her and Leo's really brief interactions cut between everything else, especially when it vaguely relates to the central conflict of that episode. Giving Leo a friend/girlfriend outside of Libra to show that even he gets time to chill is so nice.
2there's literally no risk*
6Well, the ideal way the things should go for me:-Leo doesn't lose and then regain the eyes, forget about that - he just doesn't lose them. May be he should get incapacitated to use them for a while sure-White and Black both die, but appear as ghosts after that. Alternatively Black dies and White leaves Jerusalem's Lot somewhere back in Scotland or wherever they come from-King of Despair doesn't get killed, merely almost destroyed
7It's 666 upside down. Vampires hate it.
Has Nightow drawn White in his own style yet? Someone said he was doing the BD inserts or whatever.
4I can imagine Zap being jealous of how Zed can use both branches of the Big Dipper style because of how he isn't human, and Zed just not standing for how much of an ass Zap can be to people. He may even find Zap making fun of his appearance to be downright racist.
6What I want to know is that when he loses his eyes, will he suddenly get his normal ones back or will he go blind?
3Were you paying attention to the show? Zed can't use both branches, he only uses Wind manipulation
6- White attempts to take Leo's eyes but fails. In the end, her conscience is at odds with how much she wants to save her brother. Despair King basically reveals he wanted to see how far she'd go and she still betrayed Leo until the end.- White and Black both survive. They're both so terribly codependent that I can't see one surviving and the other dies They'd want to go together. Killing off the twins is at odds about how optimistic Leo's opening monologue is. - The twins leave Hellsalem's Lot. It seems like White has come to hate the fog or at least associates too much sadness with it. Plus if her health is better as a result of the finale, then she probably doesn't want to be confined in one place anymore. Their continued existence is hinted at in s2 easter eggs like letters and photos that Leo keeps.- Despair King isn't killed. He's forced out of Blacks body, probably planning for another collapse.
8In the manga he loses them but gets them back.
Does anyone have a picture of Chain in her underwear with her hair tied back and throwing up in the toilet in the manga?
8Volume 10? I thought he just gets himself injured so badly. his eyes is bandaged. Have to wait until translations are out.
7-king of Despair doesn't get killed, merely almost destroyedidk man, they're putting A LOT of emphasis on that guy's name. It makes me think that the finale will involve Klaus sealing him, which is pretty much as good as being dead by this show's standards. Still, I would prefer the "Leo only loses use of his eyes temporarily" thing vs the "White uses a device to gauge them out" thing simply because I like Leo and don't want the poor kid to spend most of the finale blind.I also agree that at least one of the twins is doomed at this point.
3To be fair, that is a quote form a random spoiler I foolishly unhighlighted.
0I still don't think that he's a Blood Breed because he's associated with blue, not crimson aura.He might be manipulating White, but I don't see him giving his name freely to her if that's the means of destroying him.
3They got better.he also lost a finger, but a good doctor sewed it back on
Why do I like this show so much /a/, why is it actually good?
4Based Nightow and based Matsumoto is why.
4Everyone hates Zapp.
So basically, the manga and the anime are basically two different things, right? So I should just buy it from volume 1?
8They skipped chapters, so yeah if you have the money, vol 1.
2Provided that nothing happens to any of the main characters, a season 2 is possible because the plot in S1 revolves around anime original characters who have no bearing on the rest of the series.I would love it if Matsumoto stuck around to direct the next one. First season she got to tell her story which was probably part of the appeal for her, the second season she can tell a story that's more faithful. Unless she was immediately offered another series to direct, she should continue s2 if Toho/Bones want her to do it they should definitely keep the staff the same as much as possible.
8I will probably do this then, too bad that it looks like I have to wait A LOT of time for a single volume release. Fucking slow publishers.
I like that Leo and White's relationship isn't bound by the usual bullshit tropes and they can actually just hang out and have intimate moments without dancing around the issue for 12 episodes and blushing in literally every other frame.
Can't trust hoes, they are only after your magical eyeballs.
Starphase-sempai drawn by Miwa Shirow
0Wow, what the hell. Here's the image.
0And also Klaus.
3Leo and White feel really natural because Leo doesn't think that White's his soul mate or anything. She's a girl which he gets along with and he thinks that she's cute. He could like her more than that but he's not angsting about it. A lot of their interactions are implied off screen since he visits her a lot, but we only see a glimpse.I noticed we haven't gotten any scenes of them together since episode 6. Makes sense since there's such limited time and Leo needs to bond with her brother as well and we need to see the twins actually interacting.
37Adding onto that, I don't think White likes Leo in that way but that doesn't make her decision any less difficult. She might develop feelings for Leo later on, as for now she doesn't. She seeked Leo out knowing on Despair King's orders, but she probably at that point didn't have any kind of specifics of what he had in mind for Leo yet. Leo unexpectedly ended up being a really great guy. Keep in mind that she's been in the hospital for 3 years with only her brother and Despair King as her visitors, so having Leo as her friend is a huge thing for her.
5Leo needs to stop eating like shit. Do you ever see him eating an apple or something, jesus
1*She seeked Leo out on Despair King's ordersI think White's body language warrants a rewatch for how shifty she can appear sometimes. She reacted when Leo opened his eyes at the end of ep 2, probably because she found her target. Pretended nothing was out of the ordinary when she found a picture of the Collapse Memorial on his camera. Couldn't make any kind of eye contact with Black when he was questioning her in 8. She's actually a really shitty liar.
5Come to think of it, I don't think so. Not even in the manga. The only times I can think of Leo not eating junk food was Run Lunch Run and vol 8.
What is love?
2Baby don't hurt me
5Right? It´s rare that he dont have a goofy belly like Zapp
0it is all that running and getting tossed and mugged at every turn. It really burns through calories.
5Having to run for your life every week keeps the pounds off.
26Why is she so best girl?
6I wonder.
Second best girl.
7Black lolita loliMai dick.
6superior vers.
6someone needs to shoop that drool white
6The combination of cute, imouto, tragic and Rie.
74I freaking love Aligura. Super cute and awesome bored powerful loli King. She and White are best girls for me.
7Keep your lewdness away from a pure angel like Huwaito
This show has no story or is it just about its character's everydays life?
2It's episodic because keeping the balance is a constant struggle. The anime original content is there to create a slowly developing story arc in the background.
2The second one, although some might argue that's no story. The manga even starts every volume specifically saying that it's following the everyday lives of the members of Libra.
9Hey, that's pretty nice.4dick suckblownThe ironing.5I was summoned by the phrase "Chain in her underwear".
1is that the ciclop loli tank?
9Don't think so. It's too huge. I hope Leo doesn't get his eyes sealed/stolen/gouged out. He seems smart enough to realize something is going on with the siblings.
5I don't know about that. He geniunely thought that he was mistaken with the Black he knows and the one he met on the subway. Depends how shifty White acts.
1Chain in her underwear
0Makes me wonder just how many qt blonde fuccbois Leo runs into every day.
2Leo did think they were the same, but he probably convinced himself it had to be a different person because Black is just so clumsy and likeable it couldn't have been the same person.Wonder if Leo still has his suspicions.
5Klaus wa Kawaii no KaiFanartists continue to impress me. They can make anything cute.
7My fucking dick. Where did you get this picture from?
6it took me so long to figure out what that was.
would you lick klaus's belly button? don't lie
2Is it translated?
7There's been dumps up to chapter 2 in previous threads. Right now, I'm working on the edits for the rest of the volume. There's technically files floating around but it's an unedited version of a chinese translation and there are inaccuracies since it was a bootleg. Right now I'm trying to cross-check with what original text I have access to in order to minimize these issues.
2You're a very kind anon. I'll patiently wait.
7There was an anon posting trans and scans in the threads.I just read the chinese scans. Emailed darkhorse on when is next vol, they are durr we working on it dunno when. so slow.
7I'd hold his hand
6Here's the first pages if you want to read what's up so far, I plan to go over it again when full raws come out but it's serviceable for now:9href="/a/thread/125838459#p125845527" class="quotelink"73
7I think you know what everyone's answer to that is going to be.
5It's fucking NY, mcrubbish is cheaper than apples
0Not that Sempai is any slouch, but that Mrs. Vedded is goddamn adorable.5My heat and also my sides.The "Klaus is Kute" KabalKK: When he gets really into a game of prosfair.Chain: When he's drinking tea.Zapp: His fangs.Leo: The way he loves flowers.Zed: Whe he does the dishes.Starphase: All propositions, accepted.
2They should try releasing vol 9 as an alternate promotion for their Abe sapien series. Zed has it easy. The constant drama of a traumatized woman with PTSD blaming Abe for every little shit is making me want to dro it.
"I'm friends with these fucking idiots
7My my, amongst other things, definitely.
0Anime cut chubby Leo bullying from the burger story. Still, you wonder how Zapp could even tell through his baggy clothes.
4big booty danna
Last episode was pretty shit.
4
9Make me.
9
2Are you going to release them in a zip file after you finish editing everything?
1I'd imagine he can feel the extra tummy from all that grabbing and carrying Leo everywhere on missions.
0Yes, but it will be after the full raws come out, since the bootleg was likely inaccurate in some places I already spotted one big mistake when comparing to the spoiler pics and several other smaller mistakes. Hopefully that should be soon, since someone said there's a kindle version that just went out for sale.
47Everything about Klaus is big. Especially his heart.
5We are having a S2 of Noragami.It's possible
99Pretty much yes. I think if he ever really pats her on the head in the original manga it will be at least as satisfying as them as seeing them hook up would have been, perhaps moreso.5A search for "Chain" on the tweeter.1you wonder how Zapp could even tell through his baggy clothes.Because he's constantly molesting Leo. In one sense of the word or another.
3Love them. Zetsubou should stop being such a smug gloatmeister and appreciate their friendship already. It's not like they had better things to do that evening; Aligula could have been out stalking her blender boyfriendos instead, and Femt knows plenty of demons who are way more fun to hang out with than him. But they showed up anyway, and even lent him their expensive hellmurder toys. If it was me I'd be way more appreciative.4Also, Noragami's anime-original story bits were good too.The ragging on Bones is practically a meme at this point. They've been behaving themselves recently.
5Can you tell me what the big mistake is? I'm curious.
I'm looking at merch and I see Femt is getting pillows and towels. I guess someone out there put him on a husbando list?
4Someone with good taste.Meanwhile, poor Aligula is still waiting for her Hummer dakimakura.If they put out a dakimakura, I'd probably have to buy it. Doesn't even matter what character.
4What about the other characters?
4One of the lines implied that people around an eye of the gods holder would go blind after a while, but after checking the raws, I'm fairly certain it was referring to the initial trade in which one person gets the god eyes while the other goes blind, as was the case with him and Michella. That would've had some serious implications had it been true.
9It's JAPANESE SWEETS KUZUMOCHI, of course.2Lately there seems to be a whole lot of Sonic stuff.
5Leo had no reason to suspect anything malicious is happening with the siblings against him. But i'm sure the moment he sees those torture devices, alarm bells would start ringing in his mind.My prediction is White will attempt to remove his eyes, Leo will prevent her from doing so, unfortunately Despair will get involved. Leo's eyes may be temporarily damaged, what Klaus said really foreshadows Leo being put in a situation where they think he lost the use of his god eyes. So it will be a test to have Leo see his worth.
9Don't worry, I'm already blind
3KK/ChainWhoa.
5That's forbidden love!There's also a version of this with the guys.
7Vivian x Aligura in the backNow that's fucking unexpected.
7spoilerAbrams/PatrickMan, I really didn't need to see that but it was still kind of hot
7
6Deldro molesting Sonic is even funnier.
88I was already sad enough that I will never go to one of Libra office parties before I knew that once the booze is all gone, they change into makeout parties.7Leo's face when imouto x imouto
6Stephen inhaling Gilbert's facial hairOh.Klaus cosplaying Asuka?Slow down Korea I don't understand
4This artist is a treasure.
8
7That's forbidden love!The best kind.Chain: What's it like to have a family of your own.KK: My, this is sudden.BOOOOMratatatatatatKABOOMKK: It has its ups and downs,KK: But there's nothing happier in the whole world!BOOOOMbrakabrakabrakkaFWOOMKK: But The job we do really doesn't provide us with a lot of opportunities to meet people.KK: Even for a cute girl like you.KK: Heck,KK: If I wasn't married, I'd take you myself and--BOOOOOOOOMKAPOWUkyaaaaaaa---
Going by the amount of blood, this is my guess for the chronological order of events. There seemed to have some time passing between Black and White finding each other and the deal because Black is bleeding and they're in the wrong positions blue flash appears on Black's left. Their placement should be swapped. That Blue flash must have been another explosion.
8Everything will probably be fully revealed in the last 2 episodes.
8Good point. I'd thought their parents dying-or-worse came first, but this makes more sense.And gun-toting Waito a cuteo.
1Most likely, but I'm curious.
9I read it as when a person with god eyes appear, a person around that person, usually someone close, will go blind.
Vivid when?
8later or tomorrow. Assuming there's no delay
tfw Zapp-sama will never fall in love with you
1wanting to have a dirty fuck boy follow you around.
8
2not wanting a dirty fuccboi to be your slaveIt'd be so easy to take advantage of him.
8
1an arsonist will never become a roly poly pillow for you
1I don't know how I'd feel about dating a guy with kids.There's already some Zappling fanart cropping up. Sure didn't take long.
8
So thread, 15 dinner moggy or big dumb guard dog? A little watchdog is an acceptable alternative.
1It wouldn't end well.
8Holy shit this artist's rendition of Chain is super fucking hot.
1In situations where it makes sense, I understand, like EVA for example, it's the end of the world and there are giant monsters about that nobody but a giant robot can stop. Even then it's shown that repairs were always at least attempted, and that the consequence was left up to the city. Basically it MAKES SENSE.But here it's like nobody seems to care or be aware of the consequences of blowing up an entire city block. Not even the protagonist, nor his allies, nor the people in the city, nor ANYONE.WHY?A show can be pretty and neat as shit, but if you have some terribly glaring questions that any normal person would ask, it's going to be a shity anime, or at least an anime with the giant plot hole of "le protag and co ignore so much damage they cause cuz ther jus so cool XD"How the fuck would you consider that proper story-telling? Ignoring shit?
I hope this show doesn't end on a huge cliffhanger and then for some reason doesn't get a second season.
1Dat ass tho
2Talking about offspring I so want the possible Zapp offspring girl and Leo to bond and abuse Zapp 
3Who could choose just one?
How many here wants white/despair to be successful in having Leo's eyes' gouged/stolen/removed?
5Beyondians are just different, man. Maybe things have always been like that where they came from, or maybe some of them feel like they're not from HL anyway and it's not their home, so why the fuck do they care if it gets destroyed?Also Zapp has a conversation about this with Leo quite literally right after they meet that addresses most of these complaints, so the problem is you not paying attention.
5I think a period when Leo is blind/god's eyesless is a given. It's his chance to prove, as Klaus suggested, that he doesn't need special powers to be useful.
5You must not know a lot about NY if you don't think all the construction companies in the city probably saw the Great Collapse as a godsend. Add alterworld manpower to the equation and you have a booming industry devoted to putting shit back together.
3You're seeing her in Zapp-o-vision.2Or better yet, with Zed. Zapp would be so gloriously enraged if even his own kid liked Zed better.
5Do you freak out when you watch comedies and the character's house is destroyed but totally fine the next episode?
3There's only one puppy for me.
4Or just both Leo and Zed. it would be glorious watching dick suck getting the impression that he's the short end of the stick for his maybe child's affection.
241I think I can already see how this is going to play out.
5Yeah because apples and oranges have a lot in common too huh?
6You would think the constant state of chaos and destruction would drive out HUMANS no? How exactly could any normal person even hope to view the area as nothing more than a death trap, which in itself would create a no-man's land, at least for humans.I get it that it's a place where the abnormal is normal, but when you start to stretch what it means to even act normally, than the plot holes start glaring and questions start cropping up.
7Yeah, it's probably going to happen. Doesn't mean I'll like it though. I don't want to see his heart break.
2Kekkai is pretty heavy on the comedy, especially the manga, and that preview scene that you first replied to was from a comedic scene but even if you look at all the property damage dead seriously it's very common in many action shows so I'm not sure why it bothers you here, in a hugely over-populated city full of aliens and bizarre technology why couldn't they rebuild quicker and cheaper?
8Better than living in New Jersey.
8Most of the humans did leave, they only make up a tiny percentage of the population now and at least half of them have unusual circumstances like Libra.
8go over to /co/, and ask the same question of how people in the DC and Marvel universes live with themselves, in constant terror.
7That part with Klaus really did foreshadow it huh? I guess my problem with Leo's eyes being stolen is that it'd be a possible ass pull. That and I don't particularly want to see Leo being kicked again in the gut metaphorically but thats me.
1The last few extra pounds from the booty are always the hardest to lose.
8Have you not read any comic books anon. That's like saying why do people live if Metropolis when it's full of danger and threat. Seriously you're really underestimating people because we as Humans don't like change that much.
3KekTrue. Let's face it, even Beyondians wouldn't want to live in that shithole.
5With the level of destruction, there would be shanty towns ALL over NY full of those people who won't leave, instead we get a squeaky clean place for shit to blow up in.
2Anon NY has Beyondian technology which means faster and cheaper rebuilding.
2Those people in the shanty towns would die over-night, it's been established that it's suicide to be homeless in this town. If they get into that situation then they either leave or the problem cleans itself up.
6Why would they move into an area where it's assumed you'll die within a moments notice?Think about it:You're an "ex" New Yorker who knows that your home will be repaired-buuuut you also know that living in your home means you're a second away from instant death as your home is either flattened, stomped, exploded, sliced, or any other form of destruction.You sure as hell won't return home, cause your house is replaceable, your life is not, but you sure as hell don't want no monsters shoving you out of your homeland-sooo you do the next best thing and set up a "temporary" home as safely close to your old area as possible.Now do this thousands of more times and you've got yourself a shanty town building up on the outskirts of the city Which would do wonders for that squeaky clean look soon
36From the conversation he and Zapp had about it at the beginning of episode 9, the use of two blood techniques requires that you have the blood for one element circulating separately in your body from the the blood for the other element, which is crazy shit no human or fishman is capable of, although Master is so hardcore that it's apparently a piece of cake for him. 5Oh wow, that takes me back.
0Why doesn't everyone leave when they're told to evacuate in natural disasters? Why do some people stay in their homes and die when they could just retreat to safety? If there's any shanty towns then they would have to be outside of the city because inside they wouldn't last a day, so there's no reason to see them. And most of the people left as has been said already, humans are a minority in the city now. Also you're taking this way too seriously.
0Pretty sure it is explained that most humans in HL are abnormal too, or think they have something to gain from the beyondians.You get the rare normal one or two.Plus this is a story pretty much inspired by saturday morning cartoons and superhero comics, and just look at the lot of sense they don't make. We are not writing a social economic paper here. This is a slice of life superhero story.
Ok maybe I'll just ask, since I have so many problems with the show:Does the manga explain things a little better than the anime?First episode, I'm introduced to a confusing setup and some horrid pacing that somehow supposed to convince me of a lot of things and instead just makes me wonder if it's going to be one of those shows that just outright ignores things, cause there's SO many questions that simply are left unanswered that break a ton of immersion.
0It's safe to assume that many of Hellsalem's Lot civilians are really jaded to the daily destruction to the point it's a bit warped. I mean their reaction to a plane flying into the city was "Let's go see tentacles knock that plane out of the sky." Or you have characters like Lucky Abrams who just caused a traffic accident between literal monster trucks inches from where he was walking and he says it's typical NYC traffic.I don't see why you're making such a huge deal out of it when Kekkai leans on the comedic dark comedy side of things.
8The manga has better pacing and explanations but there's still massive property damage all the time and if you can't suspend your disbelief for a story that doesn't always take itself seriously then you will probably have a hard time enjoying it.
8Short answer: no. This series doesn't like to infodump. It sounds like it might not be for you.
0ChaikaSoul Eater Not!Captain EarthShowByMotherfuckingRockThey've been behaving themselves recently.No, it's the same as it's ever been. An abusive household where we get slapped around and then they make it up to use with donuts and buttsecks. We know we should leave, but where else are we going to go?
0Scarface-sempai will never offer to help you work off the excess weight
11Well which is it? Better explanations or no dice? Or does the show/manga lighten up into it?Cause it seemed there is a plot and characters who care for said plot quite seriously, as apposed to the not-so-serious world they live in.
8What immersion?Also what questions?This is Nightow's amusement park, and he is here to take you for a ride.If you want deeper plot, well, the manga hasn't got there yet.Remember Trigun? Remember how it didn't go into history and character origins until halfway in? We have no idea how long BBB is supposed to be.But yes manga has better pacing.
2That's a bottle opener anon, just a bottle opener.
9characters who care for said plot quite seriouslyThe thing is, they really don't. They're just trying to get through the day most of the time and keep the peace as best they can. You're trying to take Kekkai Sensen's story more seriously than its cast does.
9Basically each chapter is about 40 pages and they're condensed into 20 minutes or less. The first chapter itself was 3 chapters worth into 20 minutes. That's why everything is so fast. Everything's in the anime, but it takes more effort than normal.But the tone of the manga and anime are essentially the same which is fast paced chaos, but reading is easier because you can take your time than watching and keeping up with all the visuals.
9I consider the manga a comedy more than action, the anime is a little more serious but still pretty light-hearted. I'd say episode 1 and 3 are the most serious. The explanations in the manga make things a little clearer but you can technically piece it together in the anime as well, it's just more difficult and the break-neck pacing makes it harder to comprehend what's going on.
1Are the brother / sister with metal faces vampires or not? What are their powers? They seem to be extremely powerful, but they haven't done anything that could be considered powerful all season.
Hows White supposed to remove Leo's eyes. Surprise ambush? or simply asking him to put some shady looking glasses on his eyes?
1They're not vampires. They're high ranking demons who are part of the "13 Kings".Their powers seem to be more on the side of reality warping/mad scientist powers.
762Maybe that's why I hate the fucking anime so much, it felt like someone was trying to shove too much story within those 20 minutes and it just detracted from the over-all thing.I blame whoever made the episodes, cause christ that was bad.I'll read the manga instead if less shit is lost in translation thankyou for the help anon.
1There's also nothing that says they're siblings.
9Have you not seen Kyousougiga because it's directed by the same person called Matsumoto Rie. She's the type of director that uses visuals to explain things rather than exposition through info dumping like so many directors these days, Urobutcher for instance. So don't come into this show expecting hand holding.
3"Leo, do you trust me? You do? Oh, that makes me so happy! Hey, want to try these on? I'll bet they'd look really good on you."
can I read bbb online?
7I blame whoever made the episodes, cause christ that was bad.Yeah this show isn't for you anon because you don't seem like a person who's patient enough. Truth be told Matsumoto Rie is a amazing director who believes in her audience to understand by connecting the dots. She doesn't believe her audience is dumb enough to warrant info dumping or handholding.
98holy shit that was incomprehensible. Sorry I'm tired. I find Matsumoto weakest when she changes her methods of exposition from visual to verbal. This week's kekkai sensen and the episodes 8-9 of kyousougiga would be examples of this. It's like in the later half of the series she thinks "oh man maybe people haven't gotten all my clues. I guess I better give them a lot more at once so I can properly set up the end" and it fucks up the pacing and feeling of the show that's been established up to that point.
9You can't blame her on that front considering how really dumb people can be. I mean there are people still asking for the plot or don't even understand what's going on. I can understand if some people are having trouble understanding some parts but repeatedly saying I don't know what's happening every week is pretty dumb.
1These are the people who didn't realize that White was a ghost early on and thought that was bad writing.
1I get what's happening and enjoy the show, but even I can admit that it's not always conveyed well to the audience.
1By episode 3 or 4 the most it should be obvious that White was not being serious. Then again its not as annoying than people still beveling despair asshole is a blood breed.
7Hmm maybe /a/non is not a visual learner? Many things are inferred, not told. Then there is all the music and background visual cues.Try pausing when the subtitles go too fast.But honestly this show is not harder to understand than power puff girls. Stop looking for 'deep' and 'meaning', because they are not really there. And you don't really need to be beat over the head with both to have a fun cartoon.If you are looking for deep plotty shows, this season doesn't really have one. Try novels instead if that is more your thing.
Though to confused /a/non. The last episode's pacing is a bit uggggh. I personally didn't like it, and think it could have been handled better.I guess this is when anime original is taking over more time, and as a manga reader, I really start to notice the different styles of writing between Nightow and Rei. For people who are anime only, maybe it turn up jarring instead.Hope the last 3 episodes stay to quality.
6
4Yeah, I like Matsumoto, but I wish some action sequences like Klaus destroying Tonio and this week's sequence of the Blood Breeding targeting Leo first, the blood breed getting shot by KK and Hammer getting Leo to safety weren't such blink-and-you-miss-it moments.That approach was best used when it was super speed Sonic stealthily slipping Leo the bluetooth headset.I still like the overall tone and pacing of the anime which oozes style, even as a someone who's read the manga.
9Then again its not as annoying than people still beveling despair asshole is a blood breed.The anime does a poor job at explaining what the fuck is what. There's no rules or guide lines to the powers that certain beings can or can't do and what they look or don't look like, plus their expected limits. That monster? Vampire. That human? Vampire. That dog? Vampire.I saw magic being used early on in the series, but then it turned out to be innate special abilities of some species. Fuck this and FUCK that, I just enjoy the characters.Did I mention Chain is a werewolf but doesn't exhibit any attributes of what a werewolf is? There's that too.
8There's parts of NY where non-humans predominantly live and where humans live. For example the part of the city Leo went to in the 6th episode is predominantly inhabited by humans and it's a pretty safe zone. Anyway - they evacuated the building where the fight against the blood breed took place, it's pretty clear they prepared for the operation. And it was in the night.Unless you're referring to something else
4Seriously what isn't conveyed well though? I mean all I hear is people expecting info dumping or some shit. It really doesn't take a genius to add everything up. I mean some people have been asking how Blood users are able to slow down Bloodbreeds when it's literally been explained that Blood users have blood that's toxic to the Bloodbreeds.I guess people are just use to Urobutcher's, Nasu's, and many Directors info dumping these days.
9Many things are inferred, not told. Then there is all the music and background visual cues.For example, Black/Despair King and White are pretty much perfect examples of this. Before the show spelled it out that Black and Despair King were separate characters with the same body, the clues were their different demeanour and that White likes one and dislikes the other. And then there's White, who spend much of the series lying, but her body language betrays her especially in scenes like episode 8 when she couldn't look her brother in the eyes.
5what they look or don't look like, plus their expected limits.It's been literally explained that Bloodbreeds have red auras glowing behind them which fucking Despair-kun didn't have. It's also been explained that Bloodbreeds are stoppable but Elder 13 are to powerful to be stopped unless you seal them. It's also been explained about what the 13th Kings are if you looked at the green text that was given in the show,All this can easily be understood if you took the time gasp at what you're watching anon.
5There's no rules or guide lines to the powers that certain beings can or can't do and what they look or don't look like, plus their expected limitsThis is shit writing - explanations of powers, rules in powers etc, you got used to Mahouka/SAO/Index/HxH/etc way too much.At the end of the day - same shit is going to happen: the heroes will prevail for whatever the fuck reason you want to make up and what matters is the scenes themselves and the story they tell, not the "rules of their abilities". Vampires control blood and regenerate, they also can change their shape at will. Most of the Libra cast is using blood powers to attack them at cellular level - Zapp uses fire-related abilities, KK uses her blood-infused bullets, Klaus has the powers of destruction and sealing, Stephen uses freezing.
8Are you capable of defending the show without shitposting and calling everyone else is a drooling retard for not liking what you like? The pacing in this show is fucking ridiculous. I love the anime, but it's not a wonder why people miss things in the big rush to cram everything into 20 minutes.bringing up irrelevant names to shit on themshow warsStick to your sales containment threads.
0I honest feel like this week's action was cut due to budget and time slot for anime original stuff.And the butler car fight chapter was not animated also due to budget.I dearly wish for season 2, and for them to do the Z and Z getting subway for Starphase chapter. That one translates to traditional slap stick cartoon so well.
Having lived in a major city where at one point there were bombs going off every week, I can tell you that people get used to property damage really, really quickly.After a few terrorist attacks, you just don't give a shit anymore. It happens often enough without you getting even remotely affected that you start figuring that maybe you're immune, maybe getting scared of these attacks is pointless. The forces causing those deaths aren't seeking you out and you know it, so you feel that as long as you act smart, you'll be fine.You hear a bomb go off down the street, and you're like "welp, glad that's not HERE." and you just go right back to eating lunch. After lunch, you take a light walk to go see the damage along with half the neighborhood. A week later, the rubble is gone and it's business as usual. Sure there are tens of people dying each time, but that's a drop in the bucket in a city of millions. Traveling through attack-prone areas isn't that scary either, since you're only passing through for 1 minute and what's the probability of an attack happening RIGHT NOW while you're there anyway? This place had 2 attacks in 5 days, making danger present, what? Maybe 2 minutes out of 7,200 minutes? Yeah, that's negligible.The violence doesn't scare people from coming either. There's money to be made, and quickly too. If a busload of people die, there's an entire village clamoring to take their place. There is no end to the people, because there is no end to the opportunities for turning a quick buck. I imagine that Hellsalems Lot is something like this, where the gains to be had from a month in this city are worth risking your shitty life for. Some people get used to it, and stick around longer. Some people were there from the beginning, no big deal, they haven't died yet, and they're not going to make the same mistakes that the some stupid newcomers are making that get them killed so quickly.It's really not that bad.
3I think it is simply frustrating to have people come in to these threads over and over and over again to ask the exact same question, which are all actually explained in the anime. It is either a lack of attention doing housework/eating and watching cartoons at the same time, or in some case, one wonders if some /a/nons even watched the anime at all, or simply skimmed some episodes, read some of the other comments, and started to regurgitate them in BBB threads.And why should the /a/non addressed stick to sales containment threads, when he is in a thread dedicated to discussing what he is interested in?Yes the pacing is fast. Yes I missed some things on first watch too. But we haven't had such an energetic and simply silly fun anime of this genre since forever. But the core story and themes of this show are very simple things.What has happened that we now must look for deeper meaning and exact explanations of what is essentially a saturday morning cartoon aired at 3 am for big kids?
9And she'd be screaming internally the whole time, but trying desperately not to let the mask slip because she knows if she does Zetsubou is going to take it out of her and her brother's hides.The lurking sense of dread is really fucking with my heart
Every time Leo's eyes bleed or crack or heat up I cringe so hard.And his sister's face in chapter 10 was nightmare fuel when first presented.
3Maybe if she has PSI, she could hold him down temporarily.If this does happen, I can see her failing because it appears to require intense concentration and she's not going to be in the calmest of mindsets.
jump camera app has added Kekkai frames and stickers.
0Nice assumptions on other people's anime-watching habits, but even people who know what's going on have complained that it's handled poorly at times.And why should the /a/non addressed stick to sales containment threadsHe's a notorious shitposter who breathes down the neck of anyone who disagrees with him, constantly makes sales threads and AOTS threads to engage in show wars, and he brings up reddit and youtube reviews like it wouldn't get him chased out of /a/ in any normal thread.
Should be doable for White to dig the eyes out.I mean we even have biblical precedence. Just look at Samson and Holofernes.Pic related, it is base Judith.
3Handled poorly in some episodes yes, particularly the last one. The transition from manga material to anime was jarring.But not to the point of utter confusion that some posters seem to be in. I can't imagine how some of the things can be missed, unless the viewer was multitasking.Also why care so much about particular community members? If you find someone trollish or shitposting, ignore them instead of tracking everything they do, and giving them their minutes of fame as a devoted audience.
Bigger version of this Newtype spread got scanned; too big to post here, but it's on Minitokyo: is mostly stuff we already know, but it does say that K.K. is "a woman with a stiking presence said to be 180cm. tall", which is 5'9", and I'm guessing that's without the heels. Next time we want to take a stab at measuring characters in Chain heads, we have a definite reference point now.
3I don't think White will succeed in stealing Leo's eyes. She'll try but having her succeed would be crossing the moral event horizon. Characters typically stop being considered good when they can sacrifice one life over another.
I am a bit weary of the last two episodes judging from what we've seen in ep 1 and ep 9.Hope they can still leave enough opening for season 2.Would be strange to take White out of the spot light in season 2 though. She's been such an integral plot driver for her story, and a foil to Leo.
3Some parts were handled poorly but not bad enough to cause the amount of confusion these people seem to be in. Then again seeing as how the majority of 4chan doesn't even fully comprehend english anymore, expecting someone to pay attention and apply even a minute of thought to a show in japanese is honestly probably asking for far too much.
I think this show definitely warrants multiple viewings. It is just very dense with information and world building, even though it can sometimes feel like not a lot is actually happening.
4I can see her and Black provided they both survive deciding to leave the city. They weren't originally from there. White hates the fog and associates too many sad memories with it, and if her health improves, she probably doesn't want to be confined to one place anymore.
1I enjoy the show, and I think the fast pacing serves a purpose as it's meant to be chaotic in a way that reflects the city, but I really wish people could be more open to discussing criticism and it's impossible when that guy jumps at any slightly negative remark to circle jerk about how people just don't understand Matsumoto's genius. She's one of the most talented directors we've seen in years but she's not flawless. One side effect of fast pacing is that it's harder to follow, and not everyone will find that a worthy trade-off.why care so much about particular community members?If you can ignore someone constantly whining about how everyone who doesn't like it simply isn't as intelligent as he is, then that's great. I fucking can't, it's fucking obnoxious and I want him to either grow the fuck up or leave. This would never be tolerated in any other thread on this site.7fuck off
1Did I mention Chain is a werewolf but doesn't exhibit any attributes of what a werewolf is?She's an INVISIBLE werewolf. The chapter that details her powers the most in in volume 6, but all you really need to know is that the "wolf" part refers to her having heightened senses and being good at tracking like one. And she doesn't turn into anything, because she doesn't need to; she's already best girl.We talk about this every week, and the last time was only like two threads ago, so go to the archives if you really are interested in having it explained.7That was a cool read. Thanks for sharing, anon.This wasn't quite the same, but I lived in northeastern Japan for several years, including when the earthquake happened. The recovery got underway amazingly fast, and as freaked out by it as people were at the time, life went on. There's no other choice; cowering in fear won't do anything, and routine really helps. Three months later everything was the same as it had been before, aside from my getting a little jittery whenever there was a windstorm strong enough to rattle the windows, and bolting my glass figure display cases to the wall.
1oops, the part about Chain was meant for 5I quoted your post to tell you that you made good points, and also that the sight of Starphase wearing a sleep mask is going to make me happy for the rest of the day.
Just watched a niconico compilation of Rie's role this season. 6 roles, 3 of them in kekkai sensen. I had to laugh.
6My issue is that the loudest questions and remarks are not well explained or backed up. And when others try to explain, sometimes quite in detail and with patience, they are often met with negativity or a cloud of incomprehension. Then both sides get progressively more aggressive, and the enjoyment is ruined.Most people are open to discussions, but few are willing to stay civil when it is dotted with coarse language.I'd love to talk about what parts of the show and pacing didn't work for me with you, but please calm down a bit.
2Starphase is quite the handsome boy.
6This would never be tolerated in any other thread on this site.You haven't been here for more than a year if you actually believe that.And I'm inclined to agree with the guy you're telling to fuck off, it's in a fairly negative light but he's right. If you can't or don't pay attention to something then you shouldn't be running around asking stupid questions with obvious answers, whose only purpose in being asked and answered is to feed someones ego and not promote discussion.
4Zapp vs. Zed: who wins?In a fight, not a dance-off.
2Both lose when Chain steps on them.
Come to think of it, excluding the anime original characters, has Leo made any friends with humans outside of Libra? He's made friends with Beyondians such as Neji and Real. I guess there's Vivian, but I can't think of anyone else.
690% of the time the questions being asked can be found easily if you had payed attention and applied at least a full minute of critical thought to it. Not to mention they're actually usually answered in a very concise, clear way by several different people and that answer is almost always met with either more frodoposting or just some fucking bonehead reiterating the question but in a slightly different way but having the same answer in the core of it.To be frank, if you can't follow something like Kekkai Sensei, which while fast paced it still is not something extra ordinary when it comes to storytelling, they are probably a fucking moron in the first place and even more so if they can't follow the line of reasoning behind several different answers to their questions.
6Vivian? I can't think of many. That's like 3 friends total outside of Libra.
1My argument is that the fast pacing makes it easy for people to miss things. I have watched each episode between 2-6 times so I know what's going on and I've read the manga as well, but I still feel like they gloss over info quite frequently or word it too vaguely and this exacerbates the poor delivery. No one should have to rewatch something to understand what's going on, I do it because I enjoy the experience but what I enjoy does not apply to everyone. The main counter-argument I've seen is that people would be able to catch it all in the first viewing if they were intelligent enough, which I think is quite dumb and rude.
6Vivian.A Doctor from later chapters but she was modified and not quite human anymore.The girl in Klaus' flower club, but she was more Klaus' friend.The junior butler.I think many humans in HL are supposed to be shady? Either business/government shady or thug shady. So Leo is probably playing it safe.
8I've never been one to self-insert, but I'm starting to wish I were Chain just so that I could have a look at the feed from the Starphase-cam she must have set up all around his apartment.
3I hope Philip comes back occasionally and that they include him in their vidya parties.I think many humans in HL are supposed to be shadyI was under the impression that that was the case too. The Beyonders don't really have a choice, because they'd be shot on sight if they managed to make it outside the city, but any humans that are there would make you think "what are they still doing here?" and the answer is probably shrouded in all kinds of illicitness.
3I think many humans in HL are supposed to be shady? Either business/government shady or thug shady. So Leo is probably playing it safe.Ah, that's true. I just thought since Leo values his normalcy outside of Libra he'd have more human friends, but it also goes to show that he's more open minded when it comes to Beyondians. Plus the two Beyondians he made friends with, they're either shrimpy or seemingly easily bullied much like him.
4No one should have to rewatch something to understand what's going onThat's a horribly ignorant statement. This is a fairly poor comparison to make since watching a show is a passive activity but would you honestly expect someone to fully comprehend and excel at something the first time they do it, like for example riding a bike or building a model?You can enjoy these things wonderfully without having to rewatch or practice consistently, but understand fully? Well riding a bike would probably suck if you kept crashing into shit I guess
4I think it is language too? I am not a native English speaker, and find things easier to view with English subtitles to read.For anime that is fast paced, it is hard to keep up with subtitles and action at the same time. I remember having to pause for GiTS and Ghost Hunt, when they got too 'technical'. I wonder if native speakers have the same issue.So we do have to keep in mind that this was not made for us. It was made for Japanese viewers, who can listen and watch, instead of listen read and watch.I think the main counter argument isn't that people should be able to catch it all in the first viewing, but that some of the more major points should be caught by first viewing. And due to the pacing and language barrier, a second viewing will usually answer the rest.I think a Japanese speaker watching a subbed English action film at fast pace would probably have similar level of difficulty. Most people aren't saying so and so is stupid for not catching everything the first time, but more that all these people who kept on asking the same questions over and over again despite being told the answers are annoying. And since this is an anon board, it is hard to keep track who is new, and who has already asked these things before and is just trolling.
1But that's what I mean, it's easier to miss something the first time and not everyone is going to be invested in the show enough to rewatch and it's silly to expect them to. And what about people who ask politely in the threads about something they didn't understand, are they "fucking morons" too or does that only apply to people who are rude about it?
5fans self
8He really is kind of ridiculously good-looking.Libra probably doesn't have to do much active recruiting, but if they do the list of job perks should include "the office manager".
6And what about people who ask politely in the threads about something they didn't understand, are they "fucking morons" too or does that only apply to people who are rude about it?I think that question answers itself.Asking nicely and listening attentively when answered is never stupid.
3I think many humans in HL are supposed to be shady?it's pretty clearly mentioned in the manga that HL is the city that will determine the hegemony of the next millennium.Not determine in the sense of an election or anything, but meaning that the technology/magic/power/riches that can only be obtained in HL will be absolutely game-breaking in the outside world, so every major global power political, military, religious, criminal, etc. are maneuvering for dominance in HL.So yeah, most humans in HL are out to fuck you up if you get in their way.I'd consider that pretty shady.
5Starphase-camSacchan moved to a new series, but she's still a stalker.
0I don't know why, but I do like Starphase a bit injured.
3Zapp's probably going to consider that a win.
all these people who kept on asking the same questions over and over again despite being told the answers are annoyingIf it's such a frequent sentiment to the point that it's on other sites then it's probably not the same people but rather a sign that it's a common problem. My other main issue is that even if it were a troll, if anyone's going to respond at all it should be possible to do it without bringing up intellectual superiority.4The implication of "morons" is that they're stupid for not understanding it, it has nothing to do with etiquette, and don't try to pretend otherwise.
2Top comment was meant for 6
0I can't stop giggling at the thought of Philip screaming during Wario Ware until he gets their office Wii confiscated.
4Same. There's just something about seeing someone who's so put-together get a little taken apart, especially when he can make it look this good. It must appeal to some base instinct.
6And what about people who ask politely in the threads about something they didn't understand, are they "fucking morons" too or does that only apply to people who are rude about it?This is already addressed in some of the posts in the chain. To answer you directly, it only applies to people who when are met with a clear and concise answer their retort ends up boiling down to "I don't like it, that doesn't satisfy me personally, you are incorrect and so is the show so you need to come up with a different answer"
Getting some pretty impressive fanarts now.
Just reread Z's longest day. Both Nightow and Matsumoto sometimes have trouble conveying clear action. In Nightow's case, it can be his panelling and reaction shots it wasn't clear to me that KK and Steven were reacting Master chasing Zapp down until the next page. The anime was easier to understand here; in her case, she makes sense of Nightow's action, but she does us no favours when it sometimes go by way too quickly. They've got both their strengths and weaknesses.Loved the addition of the BT speaking clock which the manga only had as Zapp's one sided conversation.
2And I think where people are having issues with pacing, is more due to the language barrier than pacing itself.We are not the target audience. Does anyone speak moon? What is the reaction and comprehension from the Japanese viewers? Do they also find it hard to follow?
2Mappa seems sweet and like they had our best interests at heart, but lately they've been hanging out with a bad crowd from Aniplex.
8Also, we know that Steven's powers are done by kicking/stepping, but he looks like he's punching or doing something else instead.
8ah yes, the Trigun Maximum days when I have to turn the manga upside down and sideways to figure out what the heck Vash was doing...
0I do, and while my interaction with Japanese fans is more characterized by talking about fan stuff than in-depth discussion of the show, I haven't any criticism of it on that front. There's a lot of praise for the fast pace of the dialogue, in fact; one of the most frequent comments is about how much they love the characters' banter and わちゃわちゃ.I wouldn't say I've found the show hard to follow at any point either. I find rewatches rewarding not because the plot confuses me, but because it's so crammed with little details that it's impossible to catch everything on a first viewing. Like the opening office scene in episode 3 - since my attention was always drawn to Zapp shaking Leo, I didn't notice until I'd seen it probably ten times that you can see Chain phase out using her powers here.
5I rewatch to see what the monkey is doing.Sonic asking Leo to buy ham was super cute.
6I thought he was just throwing his hand out to keep his balance, like he does here.
8Hm, do you think Steven slips on his own ice sometimes? That's not very cool.
0I'm not talking about the snappy editing or transitions, I like those. They're trying to adapt way too much material into a single episode for some of them on top of cramming the original material in with it so no, it's not a language barrier issue. Many of the scenes lose their weight and significance in the process. How many people noticed when Tonio was smooshed into jelly?I don't know if I've been clear enough about what my real problem is, I already know what's going on because I've read the manga but it's upsetting to me to watch people who struggle with the pacing get called idiots and I think that there is merit to their criticisms which I wish wasn't dismissed so readily.
9It is a little concerning. He has metal on the bottoms of his shoes, too; doesn't that make them slippery? On the other hand, he's got it so under control that he fights with his hands in his pockets half the time, the show-off.I know /a/ isn't the place for my headcanons, but I absolutely love the idea of Libra going ice skating on a day off, and Steven never having tried it before but once he does he turns out to be an absolutely terrible skater, like can't move two steps on the ice without flailing and falling down and needs to hold onto someone else the whole time. The nicer members wouldn't say anything about it but Zapp would find the irony hilarious, and KK would give him shit about it for months afterwards. Chain would be in heaven at the chance to support her sempai, though.
yfw heartwrenching eye gouging scene happens
0Why do you want to see them suffer so badly, anon?
1How can she read the letters when she is blind?
tfw even if Trigun ever gets a remake by any remote chance it won't have its great OSTI don't know for now, Trigun's OST is still better than Kekkai's to me, but it might change, though I doubt because what made Trigun's OST special was that the tracks were pretty damn unique for anime, each and every
4Trigun ever gets a remakeI would be happy enough with a BD remaster
4How would you react if Taisei Iwasaki scored the Trigun Maximum anime?Although realistically, there's no reason they couldn't have Tsuneo Imahori do it. He did Badlands Rumble.
The color pinup from the light novel is out, and it looks like mini-Zapp is confirmed for daughteru.Plus that's some of the most realistic-looking cheese pizza I've ever seen.
6Wait, how old is Zapp? That kid looks just a few years younger
8It's not written anywhere how old the characters are, but lots of estimates put Zapp's age at 24. We know nothing about the kid yet either, but the daughter in Paper Moon which the LN is clearly taking inspiration from is 9, and miniZapp looks about right for that age.Zapp would gave needed a pretty early start on racking up bedpost notches to be a dad at 15, but this is Dick Suck we're talking about here.
End of Diane- Hen
9
8
4
7
6
1
Bump?
OP are you okay?
she ded
I thought it would be 3 chapters long.
8 Dat everything
after all the hype ,this is very weird and lackluster
9Were cross spear thrower ever a thing?Looks impractical for me.
69yeah it was, more tension
2
8
mangastramYeah, nah
7
00surprised that dank old meme hasnt put them out of commission yet . one day
9
0
6
Diane dindu nuffinMan, this sucks.
3
3She literally didn't. I don't see how any of this was her fault.
8
1
1OH FUCK YOUYOU MEAN SHE GOT HER SIN BECAUSE SOME SMUCK TOLD A LIE
5
7Yeah, that's pretty lame.This chapter seemed all in all pretty rushed.Maybe Nakaba had to resolve everything in this one chapter.
7Well, Ban's sin wasn't his fault anyway.
8 not going ape shit the moment she saw it was a trap and instead leaving the kingdom to its mechonationsKinda her fault
3Humans are literally dindu nuffins.muh statusgiants are oppressing uschimps out at slightest provocation
1He let a loli die, thats a pretty big sin in my book.
1I don't think the destruction of the forest was the reason Ban is the sin of greed.
4Kingdom of Liones a shit btw. Most of the horrible crap happening around the region is their fault
1Yeah but there was almost no evidence to prove to the contrary in Ban's case plus he was a known thief before going to the forrest.Also how did they capture Diane before she could make it back to MEGADOZER and inform everyone that Matrona was killed by some Holy Knights?This makes no sense.
King Gaiden = Ban Gaiden  Diane Gaiden
5she was a giant pussy in more ways than one
0Yeah, this second half was pretty bad and nonsensical.Like none of this made sense.
58Pretty much. Considering how she didn't even try to protect herself at the end and had to have Matrona kill everyone, it seems likely that she didn't even try to run after.Anyway, I guess I can sorta understand how the soldiers thought she was envious of Matrona; giants are seen as being battle lovers, so if she didn't want to be with Matrona in a fight, it might seen that she didn't want to be shown up by her. But still, it's not as 'deep' as the circumstances Ban and King were accused in of their crimes.
4yeah which is sorta sad but it is what it is now. Least the other sins stories are decent
7I didn't like it as much as the other gaidens either but what do you think didn't make sense?
4Anyway, I guess I can sorta understand how the soldiers thought she was envious of MatronaDude, everyone who saw that died except for the two who made shit up. There's no misunderstanding here.
5ThisEven though the climax was very rushed, the first half was pretty good with lots of interesting character development.
50This Gaiden was a letdown but make sense since the life of Diane without memories has even less aim than any /a/non's here. And the last thing Diane want is some war because of endless vengeance.
620 pesos says Chubs is still alive though
4Well, I guess if I had to give it a deeper meaning, it was actually Gyanon who was envious. Not of Matrona, mind you, but of the other Holy Knights above him because of his weak power "Hollow Sound" that's only able to make sounds. So in order to climb up in power, he's willing to climb up over someone stronger than him after betraying their trust and taking them down using dirty methods.Still doesn't satisfy me, but whatever. Matrona's fight had some fun visuals, at the very least.8This final attack right here was pretty good.6No, the soldiers who accused Diane of being jealous misunderstood why she didn't want to be there at the fight with Matrona. I explained their reasoning in my post.At the end, they blew that misunderstanding up into this whole spiel of her going crazy and attacking Matrona herself, however the fact still remains that, that's where the accusation started.
3For what reason?
3Maybe, but that doesn't contradict what I said.
9No, the soldiers who accused Diane of being jealous misunderstood why she didn't want to be there at the fight with MatronaDude, they were just making shit up, did you not see the shit--eating grins they had at the end? They just didn't want to report "our superior contracted the giants to betray and kill one but fucked up and everyone died but us". Because they're dicks.
0wasnt tryin to put it that way 6because Diane deserves some happiness in her life for christs sake.
4But still, it's not as 'deep' as the circumstances Ban and King were accused in of their crimesThose weren't deep at all either.
5There was NO way she could have been captured, there were maybe 20 Rank and File knights left AT BESTNot to mention Matrona seemed to take the bullet for sake of taking the bulletshe could earthbended a rock in front of the arrow.Not mention apparently none of the other giants exist anymore.Or that apparently no one acctually checked the battle ground and found the poison tipped spears and say 'a giant couldn't use these, they're fucking tiny as shit to them, and also aren't those spear launchers? OUR spear launchers' This is Payne from Phoenix Wright level of incompetent law.
8What do you think I'm saying? Of course they made up the crime. However, they still misunderstood Diane at the beginning. I don't understand how I can explain this even more simply.They were teasing Diane over what they perceived as feelings of envy. Army got fucked, they needed an excuse. They made up a story based on their earlier misunderstanding.Is that simple enough?
8Are you just speed reading? Because it seriously seems like you are. You're not even thinking about what you're reading.
4I think you're pointlessly overthinking it, because they could have said she was mad Matrona turned out to be secretly a furfag and no one would know it wasn't true.
8Ban committed a pretty big atrocity compared to the rest
1There was NO way she could have been capturedShe probably didn't try resiting
1There was NO way she could have been capturedUntil now every other sin rather let them self get captured. Why do you think this should be different in this case?Not to mention Matrona seemed to take the bullet for sake of taking the bulletRemember the scene last chapter?She thought Diane had great potential to surpass even the old warchiefs and for Matrona strength is everything.Not mention apparently none of the other giants exist anymoreWho said that?
9Actually the guys from 6calling her jelly were the same guys who lived1so anon has a perfect point. he's just more observant than you
1There was NO way she could have been captured, there were maybe 20 Rank and File knights left AT BESTObviously she was in despair and didn't want to fight anymore even mor after seeing something as brutal as this 8You have to consider that she's mentally a teenage girl.Not to mention Matrona seemed to take the bullet for sake of taking the bulletshe could earthbended a rock in front of the arrow.Rocks probably don't move as fast as arrows and you have no reason to assume she could do that anyway. It's like asking "Why didn't he just dodge that?" every time someone gets hit by an attack in a storyNot mention apparently none of the other giants exist anymoreWhere do you take that from?Or that apparently no one acctually checked the battle ground and found the poison tipped spears and say 'a giant couldn't use these, they're fucking tiny as shit to them, and also aren't those spear launchers? OUR spear launchers' This is Payne from Phoenix Wright level of incompetent lawHumans wouldn't give a fuck. Just like in King's story they simply wanted a scapegoat
9That doesn't mean that they seriously believed her to be jealous. At the beginning they were just being spiteful assholes and later they just used the first reason they could think of to blame her.
4Yeah you and 19 other friends could drag a 1 ton Emotionally limp giant, for what is probably 10 miles+. I'm sorry no.1Until now every other sin rather let them self get captured. Why do you think this should be different in this case?To maybe inform the other giants of the humans betraying them?She thought Diane had great potential to surpass even the old warchiefs and for Matrona strength is everythingThat doesn't excuse the fact she got herself killed, she could have stopped the arrow WITHOUT KILLING HERSELF. She took the bullet FOR THE SAKE OF TAKING THE BULLET.Who said that?The fact the giants do nothing. They should be going 'Hey the humans are saying Diane killed Matrona'. 'Well That doesn't sound right at all. I think the humans, that we do not trust, are lying. We should stop them'or they're going'the humans are saying Diane killed Matrona'. 'Diane Killed Matrona? What a bitch' and thus making them worse than the fairies.
I seriously don't get how she got caught. That bothers me the most.Like, it doesn't make sense. They wanted to kill her anyway, so there's no reason to take her alive. Giant Cuffs ain't gunna do shit.
9I think it's best if we assume earthbending is slower than moving, otherwise they never would attack with their bodies.I still think it's kinda badly done, but Diane IS envious- she wishes she could have been strong like Matrona. The sin itself is blown way out of proportion, but that happened with Ban and King, too.
9Rocks probably don't move as fast as arrows and you have no reason to assume she could do that anywaySHE WAS SHOWN IMPALING 330 SOLDIERS SEPARATELY WITH A SINGLE WHILE DEAD MOTION SUMMONING ROCK PILLARSI THINK SHE COULD SUMMON A SINGLE BIG ROCK IN FRONT OF DIANEHumans wouldn't give a fuck. Just like in King's story they simply wanted a scapegoatHelbram was going around killing humans for 500 years. I think that vastly outweighs what happened here.Not to mention they sent Dreyfus and Helbram to investigate Danafor, they sent them to investigate the fairy forest, they apparently sent nobody to investigate this odd sounding murder.I'm sorry but if you told me that someone murdered someone with 330+ people watching I would go 'why murder someone with over 300 witnesses?'
1Sexy bitch died and she stayed there crying over her. They wanted to kill her anyway, so there's no reason to take her aliveI know right. I always said cops should just kill murderers on site since the justice system works better that way . why drag people in for trial when you can just accuse and kill someone that nobody will ever see
9The fact the giants do nothing. They should be going 'Hey the humans are saying Diane killed Matrona'. 'Well That doesn't sound right at all. I think the humans, that we do not trust, are lying. We should stop them'No giant was present at the time and apparently they aren't very scrupulous about killing their own kind anyway. It's not like giants give a fuck about anything but battle.
1but that happened with Ban and King, too.Entire Magical Kingdom burnt downPeople being murdered for 500 yearsYeah no.
9To maybe inform the other giants of the humans betraying them?It was just that one guy + men who made that for personal gain.Considering she already met other human including Melodias she didn't know he was half demon at that point I don't really see why she should think every single one tries to kill them.
7they aren't very scrupulous about killing their own kind anywayThe only death we saw was fattie, and that was in battle, it's not like Matrona outright stuck a rock spear through her.If you're counting the dude he was on the savages side.
7their clan was kinda weak too
0I don't really see why she should think every single one tries to kill them.She could still inform the giants, and demand retribution for the murder of one of their best warriors
7 I think that vastly outweighs what happened here.So fucking what? A lot of people died. they sent them to investigate the fairy forest, they apparently sent nobody to investigate this odd sounding murderIt's not like any investigation brought out the truth in those cases. So why do you assume that they didn't do the same kind of sloppy investigation in this case?'why murder someone with over 300 witnesses?'300 impaled witnesses
9If you're counting the dude he was on the savages sideBecause he was paid by them just like Matrona was paid by the other side. They had no reason to dislike each other and felt no solidarity because they were giants. That shows how giants really don't care about the interests of their own kind as long as they can go to war
7SHE WAS SHOWN IMPALING 330 SOLDIERS SEPARATELY WITH A SINGLE WHILE DEAD MOTION SUMMONING ROCK PILLARSI THINK SHE COULD SUMMON A SINGLE BIG ROCK IN FRONT OF DIANEYou have no idea if she didn't need a few moments of concentration for that attack let alone whether she could perform it faster than an arrow when it's already fired.
I just want to make things clear before we continue discussing this chapter: we all agree that this chapter wasn't very good. we all still love Diane there is no faggot in here who claims the manga is now is ruined because of this.Any complains?
6Not enough King
exactly, fuck me for like trying at all.
I want to hide between Diane's breasts.
I think the only problems are that the chapter was shorter than the last, resulting in it feeling rushed, and that there was no real reason to split the two chapters up. I think it would have felt better if they were together. This gaiden had a lot of character development, it was just all in the first part, so splitting it up made us forget that it wasn't as necessary this chapter.Ban and King both gave themselves up to the Liones knights. Not sure why people are suddenly complaining about Diane doing the same.
I don't think this Gaiden should be judged on its own since the happy parts of Diane's backstory were included in King's Gaiden which made this one feel somewhat bleak in comparison to the other ones.
no nanatsu in thread's title
6 we all agree that this chapter wasn't very good.I found it underwhelming but still decent. we all still love DianeWas my least favourite sin before this and still is. there is no faggot in here who claims the manga is now is ruined because of this.Of course claiming a series is ruined because of one chapter is idiotic.Any complains?This was not Gowther's backstory.
5No comments on how Meliodas calls himself 'The Great Deadly Sin'?
9He's already a demon.If Meliodas is the one good demon I bet the end villain will be the one evil goddess clan
1None of them were, probably.
9Overcompensating.
9No comment until Red Hawk. It could be Niggastream being Niggastream
6Well, it was that and more
This was so weak
Chapter was kind of a let-down, but that also spices up current events. If Diane can evade the commandments somehow, an awful welcome awaits her.
ElaineDianeGowtherMerlinVictoriaMargaretElizabethJerichoGuila
5 The giants thinks she killed MatronaOh shit, totally didn't think about that, she's fucked either way.
The only problem about this chapter is that it was divided into two separate ones, so impression is not as strong as with King's gaiden.But if you reed King's story and then Diane's story, it's really good. Especially that moment with her messed memories, when she started thinking that Mel is the man she loves.
7The whole thing would have been much better without the third useless girl. She added almost nothing to the gaiden, she could have been easily replaced by something else to get the gaiden in 40 pages like King's and Ban's.It lacked too much impact and Matrona wasn't even much interesting, meh.
Okay.Can we get back to the commandments now?
4Oh, anon, but we will certainly meet the fat girl again.It's foolish to think that she died.Matrona was pretty cool, just not fleshed out.
7That better be the case. But even with that, would have been better if she made an appearance at the end and think Diane killed Matrona to add more drama and suffering.
6That would be next chapter, yes. Remember where Diane is heading to.
next chapterdiane walks right into Edinburgshit is about to get realsins are saved by that chubby girl who got good and became the leader of tribe
This thread is unsearchable. Fuck you OP
Redhawk EST?
2This. Why can't OP just stop being a stupid faggot and learn to put then name in the subject when making a thread. NnT threads are slow enough as they are, we don't need them to be slower.
7Matrona was pretty cool, just not fleshed out.She was fleshed out enough.What else did you want to know about her to to make more sense what happened?
did redhawk die or something? pls don't tell me that the raw provider got hit by a japanes truck
7From all the sins we knowMeliodas: Lost his cool after his comrade died by an old enemy of his and sunk an entire city in the process. He became the Sin of WrathKing: Tried to save his best friend but ended up with amnesia for 700 years, resulting in letting his bestie go on a rampage. He got the Sin of SlothBan: Originally known as a thief and came to the forest to take the fountain cup but ended up chillin and relaxin with his loli wifu until a red demon decided to attack the forest and ultimately kill Eliene. In a last ditch effort, Eliene gave Ban the fountain water to drink. Since he was a known theif, they gave him the Sin of GreedWonder what Merlin's and Gowther's backstory was
5Those soulless eyes.2 of the 3 people important to her are dead for all she knows and the last one now appears before her.
0Really? Then how is it possible that King was clueless the whole time that the fucking forst burned down?It's complete impossible that no one told him.
8That came with the issue? Damn, I want it. Although it looks like Diane's right boob is a lot bigger than the left in that picture.
0Wasn't he in jail the whole time for like 150 years? Then Meliodas busted him out along with Ban/Diane or whatever. Ban never told him because he didn't know he was the king. Then he never went back to the forest until 10 years ago. Plus he probably wanted to stay away because he felt undeserving, so it could be possible he missed any news.
0Would Threader like this or is he more of a delicate soul?
RHS is out.
5And RHS translated it as "The great criminal" which makes more sense.
9had to end
8Who's that Diane is holding?
4Good question.
Gowther probably would have left Diane's memories alone if she just told him to ahead of time.It worked for Meliodas and Ban
4implying melodias didn't actually explode the shit out of danafor.
3He did, but out of mercy it seems.
Why is this thread so dead compared to normal NnT threads?
That was enjoyable.
Instead of Matrona jumping in to take the hit for Diane, would of been so much easily to i don't know? Raise the Earth?
4King's was I guess though we don't know Merlin, Gowther, or Escanor's yet. Unless there's some odd reason he himself kept forgetting that time was passing and that there were people he needed to return to or some such.I guess Gowther's actions are questionable as he's originally a doll anyways.
54Somehow, I suspect we're going to get the worst of both worlds--in, that Diane is not only going to cross paths with the other giants, but the Commandments will show up just as they are about to attack her and wipe the majority of them out, with the whole matter getting blamed on her and compounding her original sin.The only thing that could make the whole affair more tragic, is for said giants revealing before dying that Dolores isn't dead and Matrona sent her away in a roundabout way to toughen Diane up, but actually settled down, in a different clan, and started a family of her own, which would get wiped out by the Commandments, barring Dolores' kids, who will ultimately end up orphans, if Diane herself doesn't take responsibility for them. As for this half of the Gaiden, eh, it feels like Nakaba had the general story planned out, but didn't care to expand it, since revealing Diane's sin is more of an aside to understanding the MISUNDERSTANDINGS with King and her memory seemingly constantly being in disarray.
9Ban never told him because he didn't know he was the king.Maybe not Ban but Melodias and the Knights + human King who passed judgment on him knew it.
5can they see her pussy?
3unless you have not notices, most of the sin dindu nuffinBan: Framed for the Forest fireDiane: this chapterKing; Blamed for his friend rampage
6Gowther's sin back story probably isn't any different than what he's been doing recently; he screwed with people to learn from them. If it's not that, I'd assume it would be something to the ring of his creator fashioning him after a dead son that he couldn't bring back to life, and he's just considered more of an abomination of someone else's sin than having actually committed his own.Merlin's gluttony has to be for magical items and knowledge, but I'd bet that she really did do whatever she was convicted of.As for the chapter, I'm a bit disappointed. It was definitely lacking the real sting it should have had, and it didn't even have Diane doing much. I would have liked to have seen Diane be the one to skewer the knights, even if that's really edgy for her usual demeanor. It would have meant more to her character to be repenting for that, but it would be wrath 2.0. This half of the special definitely felt forced and rushed, but at least it's got carryover into the current plot. There's still room to build on it.
6King: Tried to save his best friend but ended up with amnesia for 700 yearsIT was actually 500 years he had Le amnesia.
7And Mel was accused of destroying danafor, when it was Fraudrin who had killed everyone beforehand.Mel just erased the city to try to kill him.
3Fraudrin also probably released demons, so Mel was forced to erase everything to prevent their escape, although one still almost destroyed the fairy land.
7Can't be fucking traced, no series name in the title.
7Yeah, but the accusations always hold some merit.Ban is Greed and a known thief said to have stolen the fountain and in doing so caused the fire.King is Sloth and he truly wasn't there when needed.Of course, Amnesia.Diane wasn't there when Dolores needed her.When she died, Diane put all blame on Matrona which was falsely interpreted as Envy.Besides, explains the motifs as well.Serpent Sin - Poison?
3Escandor, I'm sure, brought everything on himself.
9Cause his personality changes?
8Yup, He probably did something stupid before Merlin stopped him because she was curious. Though I don't know how Merlin became a sin. She seem cool headed.
2Seen people speculate that Merlin might actually be a Goddess who got exiled for tapping into Demon Arts.Makes sense if you think about it from the sins perspective.Demon,Fairy,Giant, Goddess ?.Nakaba is probably going for the sins having a member of the clans.All depends though, Merlin could also be the only Human.But I personally like that she's a Goddess.Would make the relationship between her and Mel all the more interesting, especially since the two named each other as the person they don't want as enemy.
9brought everything on himself.Which one?You can argue that wimpy Escanor is innocent, but I would not defend him. It's more likely he just gets cocky since they share the same memory.
6Maybe they thought he already knew? Also Meliodas has a tendency to not mention stuff, so I wouldn't expect him to tell anybody anything.2Her sin is the sin of Gluttony, some people speculated that it has something to do with her thirst for knowledge. Like how she tested out demon stuff on the King, she might have done something in her past to obtain knowledge that resulted in her sin.
7Probably a demon dicks bukkake party resulting in her gluttony in thick spearm
9Escanor pls
Hibike!Best girl wonYahariBest girl lost hardHibike!  Yahari, now it's official. Eat it.
2Who did Asuka win?
2If you think Yui is best girl then by your standard Kaori or Haruka should be best girl in Hibike
2You know Hibike doesn't have a yuri end, she ends up getting together with the dude.
How would you respond to this?
I want to suck on Kumiko's toes.
7I'd be disappointed. The biggest appeal to anal is having the girl feel discomforted about it.
7I would punch her to make her happy.
This thread will definitely be high quality.
7Call her ugly and punch her in the shoulder. That always works.
6That will either get omitted from the anime or changed altogether, so it doesn't really matter.
, 
, 
, 
Why is KyoAni so bad at following the script?
4Yuri undertones sell more than actual hetero romance. Probably.
4They usually adapt shit tier scripts.
6This. Hibike was a very low selling novel/manga till kyoani decided to adapt it.  Plus low numbers means no fans to bitch when they take liberties with the source material
4Because after every episode with yuri subtext the preorders always skyrocket.
Why is KyoAni so badFtfy.
0不愉快です！
, 
Would Shinji be happier as a girl?
Then he'd be Madoka.
I would
What would Rei's name have been if Shinji was a girl?
9Reinhardt
Would Gendo love her more?Or would he just see a grotesque, deluded version of his waifu, mixed with his own imperfect genes?
5The latter. Gendo is messed up.
9Ray
5Never really thought about it but that's totally true.except by the end of the series Madoka took charge and fixed it so that everyone is happy except for Homura
That would depend on whether Gendo still left him. her, ShinjiAlso the show becomes yuri which would ruin it for me personally, unless other characters flip gender's as well.
6YuriAre you sure Kaworu wouldn't end up doing her anyway?
5Gendo already loved Shinji as much as was possible for something that was part-him. That awful graveside talk where he explains how to live like himself is legitimately more paternal than anything he showed Rei.
Where would you take Shinji on a date?What would the little hedgehog-girl enjoy doing with other folk?
9But Rei was a gender-neutral name to bengin with.
0In an alleyway behind a dumpster.
4But he was a whole lot angrier and more vegan what he actually was a girl.
Any /a/ read Hai to Gensou no Grimgal? just finished vol.1 i think it's pretty good, though Poor Manato, killed by Goblin, what a worst way of deathAnd light novel thread maybe?
3Hell, the other person on /a/ that reads this.
9*Hello
9
4I want to see this animated purely to see /a/ complain about how slow it is. Waiting a month for translations is suffering.
4Spend whole season to kill Goblin.
9why is the MC such a weak little pussy, Manato should be the MC
4Is this suffering? I olve suffering.
5It's about trying to survive by killing goblins.
8Why would I want to read that when I could read about goblins surviving by killing humans?
8Because I'm not a marketeer and don't give a single iota of a fuck on whetever you'll read this.
Is this similar to Antimagic?Fucking pissed the author lets good characters die and suffer while fucking douchebags somehow got a happy ending even though they blasted a large hole inside someone's imouto with a shotgun.Also, MC a shit for not accepting imouto's love.And author a shit for toning down the drama behind using a god slaying tool.
0No fightning against the world and suicidal, minigolf-playing gods here, only a bunch of people trying to figure out how to survive in fantasyland and barely getting by via killing goblins and stealing their stuff.
3Thought it was something else for a second.
3Yume is best girl.
Vol 2 color picsIs Ranta kill?
9tfw you'll never get to hug someone to help cure your PTSD4This is Grimgal so everything is possible.
some one post vol 5 raws
I think Ranta would make me go insane if I had to tolerate him day in, day out.
Let's make a thread in which we post pictures of our Manga collections and discuss about manga.Why?to discussto recommend mangato make others jellyManga I would recommend1."Uzumaki"-Spiral gorn by Junji Ito2."Biomega"-Awesome art by Tsutomu Nihei3."Highschool of he dead"- The Anime was too much oppai but the manga is really interesting and actually develops a focus on the story. by Daisuke and Shouji Satou4."Resident Evil"- pretty short but it really sucks you into the story by Capcom and Naoki Serizawa5."Gunslinger Girl"-Interesting manga with a nice ambiente by Yu AidaFeel free to add your recommendationsSome manga in my collection have German titles bc I'm from Germany.
, 
Well then. Good to know that even in anime, years of training, experience and a proven track record is no match for an underdog with a 5 second training montage.
Yeah.
what is this
Where have you been, that's always the case. Veterans stand no chances against the little shithead MCs.
1Most MCs at least have an entire season to build up their character and ability though
1She's not the MC though
6VeteranOne of many flags of a secondary character that's either a jobber or an instructor that will be tossed aside for a better one down the line.
4Seems like Nanoha Vivid. I'm basing this just on the fact that I know a newbie brawler beat up a seasoned Swordsman, which seems to be what's happening in the picture.
2There will never be a vet that doesn't get thrown to the side after five episodes/chapters.That vet will never be a force to be reckoned with throughout the series.That vet will never be always one step ahead of the MC with new techniques. Maybe not even matching in power or 'speshul abulitees' but in battle knowledge and experience.
Vivid even has relative normies defeating legendary fighters who are far more gifted and experienced/trained than them!Fuck you, Teana/Erio.
7Well he should have labeled the thread properly.Also a new chapter of Innocent has been translated .
6shown training for yearstraining montage
7Jeremiah

7training match where the 'legendary fighters' are handicappedB-B-BUH I WANT A CURB STOMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!trainingraining
6The only plausible explanation is that Miura is Hayate's human experiment, combining ancient Belkan technology and genetic manipulation.
6Miura have a great potential and the best masters to make it emerge. What's so hard ro get about that? She still has to learn a lot but her instincts and heart are on the right place. She lucked out with Micaiah and she knows it. There's a reason she was chosen by Zafira as his star pupil.
7Teana is very skilled and tactical. She deserves to win.
6Hey I heard we were talking about newbies who beat trained veterans.
6Old hags have no place in magical girl battles. Micaiah is long past her prime.
1Nanoha is a different case. She's the main character and the main character beating her opponents is a prerequisite for the story to continue. But Miura? A neverheard side character just shows up and beats a pro and afterwards beats the main character too! It's like, why the fuck is Tsuzuki wanking her so much?
9Miura is not a main character
1No, she's a supporting character.
9Your complaint is that a 'pro' who the audience only just met got beat by a 'rookie' who the audience just met. But give no rationale as to why the 'pro' should have won.By the time the 'rookie' fights the 'main character', the 'rookie' has been clearly established as a very strong fighter, something the 'main character' has not been.
Miura stronk!
2Your complaint is that a 'pro' who the audience only just met got beat by a 'rookie' who the audience just met.No. My complaint is that one of the best teen fighters in the universe, who made the unrivaled champion use a killmove in the last year's tournament, and has since then grown considerably stronger, pushed Einhart who has inherited actual battle experience, and was one of the favorites to win this time round, was beaten in the fucking qualifiers by an inexperienced newcomer that everyone, including the audience, just met, by a move the latter had never used in battle before. El. Oh. El.
trained by Wolkenritterbeats someone trained by human magesWell, duh.
0I would've been fine if this happened in one of the later rounds, but it happened in the first round of the qualifiers of all places.Shame too because I actually like both characters.
02
0Once I saw the part with her cutting the bus into four pieces I knew she would lose immediately.
Kakashi stays relevant for the entire story until the end. He's almost the definition of veteran.
6I suppose there was a time when I loved this sort of stuff but now that I'm older not so much. I suppose I'm just closer to the old veteran than the young upstart now.
2I'm still the young upstart. I haven't done shit with my life.
7DxDValiSirzechsthe MC is almost always in over his head
0was beaten in the fucking qualifiers by an inexperienced newcomer that everyone, including the audience, just met, by a move the latter had never used in battle before.Having real ancient belkans, who most probably has real experience of war and legitimately killing, training the kid helps.Signum was among one of 3 trainers Miura had, if anything, she already knew what a powerful sword-wielding opponent can do with a real sword.
, 
, 
You will never be saved by a cute grill with a cane.
7So is anyone working on the next chapter? Does anyone have the raws for the next chapter?
7a one eyed and one legged girl.Would you date her?
9If she was super cute
I fucking love it when a manga gets popular on /a/. They're usually at least interesting. Like Koe No Katachi, shield bro, all these current smut ones etc. It's always fun to read it with you guys and we always get based subs as well.
lost an eye and a leginvolving with monstershow about no
7what manga is this?
7Could I get sauce on this? Google not working.
7draw a 10-12 year old girl bodycall her a 17 year oldWhy is this allowed?
Cought up on this, pretty fucking good. I don't exactly get the guy, though. Did he eat Yukai?
98plz respond
3I'm feeling nice today. Title begins with Kyokou.
8Is it kyokou no ou
0The magazine is bimonthly, and the next release will be 19/6.
1Mangaupdates says there's more than the one chapter that's been translated, but maybe that's wrong?0If the KinMozas are seventeen, this girl can be, too.
3kyokou no suiri
5
9I liked the guy's old girlfriend.
From the author of Zetsuen no Tempest and Spiral!Well shit I'm hyped. Hopefully the translation won't be as slow as ZnT
What
7that sex hairthat characterI would marry her. Great first chapter.
71no backgroundsIs this Kubo's new manga?
So what the hell happened with that guy and the Kappa? The Kappa ran, right? So why would she think her bf is a coward?Or did the guy also shove his hand down the kappa's throat to kill him? But didn't the loli say that kappa are harmless, and moreover they should be afraid of approaching him?
2I'll just assume that there's still something more that he hasn't told yet. Maybe the corpse that was found in the river had some connections too?
2Most likely, he got hurt or eaten by the Kappa, and regenerates, then both Kappa and Girlfriend run in terror.
, 
, 
, 
Did someone tried this game out?How is it?
6cute plane girlsWhatever it is, It need an anime
Theres much ecchi in it
, 
why is she so best
Reminder that today is Miyuki Sawashiro's birthday.
I wonder how Sawashiro felt about that line.
8I'm sure she'd had to say lewder things at one point or another
0I wonder if she did any hentai initially or she jumped straight into serious business voice acting.
, 
ITT god tier openings
openingall the way

2OP said god tier

9The best.
9Good taste anon i love this open too
href="#p126157149" class="quotelink"98Good taste anons.9Nah, this is the god-tier SnK OP: 
95SnKnot garbage tier

0thinking the quality of the opening has anything to do with the quality of the animeSnK is a mediocre show with good to great music and great opening animation.

6with good to great music and great opening animation.
9this show is shit. But the OP is great

98Guys, guys, we can't forget 
5Second OP has great animation. First OP not so much. Should've clarified that.
cruel angel's thesis is one of the best I've heard and the reason I started watching evangelion
8First anime opening is great too in a very different way: 
8all that hand focusthisismyfetish.jpg
6not posting MEN OF DESTINYYou failed me, anon.
Gintama has the best
9
8nice taste
the best of conan
Best openings to shows nobody talks about edition.
0I want to fuck that dying person.
5somebody make lolfang finish subbing ;-;
6Does this series actually go anywhere or is it just murder of the week?
9eh
9Nice meme.
this gem is underrated
copyright laws
of breaking the 3 episode rule
9Number of views dont lie, easily the best OP in recent times. /a/ hipster backpedaling wont chnage that.
8Fuck yeah Lodoss.
OP
9
9
no one has posted this yet.


9

Mmmm I loved the Akuma no Riddle opening, and always will.

class="quote"mfw no one has ever reuploaded this to jewtube
bad the adaptation was utter trash
5I don't like One Piece because I am not a faggot but this opening is pretty cool.


0Is there ANYTHING wikihow doesn't have a How-To on?
7Tsukihime had sex sceneUBW will have le dolphin faceJC Staff  ufotable

doobie dooShoobie doobie doo doo
9
9Best Gintama OP coming through.
9Anything from Shakugan no Shana or Index was Olympus-tier.
3Yes
3
no one has put their grasses on
3Mami Kawada is shitty singer.
8What did you say, anon?
5because you're a memetastic trip fag. Now go have shit taste somewhere else.
2Come on, he may be a tripfag, but I agree with him that she's pretty good.

5spanish version is better
5So I decided to stop being a faggot and finally start watching tenchi, am I right in watching it in the order it aired in?
2I'll be honest, I personally prefer the english version.
4Yes, order of air dates is good enough with this franchise.
are some that I liketried to keep some variety in these
9
Have you forgotten, /a/? Victory goes to......openings with COURAGE!
this threadWhat the fuck?

0What's wrong with it?
3Every post was [deleted] but apparently it's fine now.
0yeah that was weird


still like it years later.
4really liked the show. need to read the manga some day
ctrl+fSmile Bomb not foundYYH not found
5only one piece opening I like5great6zeta's 2nd opening is much better5the 2nd one I like a lot.4every single one of these is good6english verison used a different opening1very nice6always good5first two are good0I really love this one. Stuck in my head to this day.2A lot of newer op I really don't like the sound of4Yes7probably the only good thing about that one was the very nice op and music75th is the only brotherhood opening I liked, it's nice.9I liked the berserk op a lot8half of those are good8I like the TV version betternow to add mineas well add the op to the show I'm watching now


, 
, 
yfw Kyorakus sword guard has dice on itPost other random observation you made about Bleach's manga.inb4 le its shit xDLet's keep things constructive.
5and pic related is a kyoraku pachinko machine...
If she says more than a few words this week, I will be happy.
5Kyorakus sword guard has dice on itBullshit. I don't believe it.
oops
68i was wrong. i got a mini katen kyokotsu sword and ti had dice on. but i googled and found that his sword really has the bird of paradise flower symbol on it
7bird of paradise aka crane flower symbolism : It symbolizes joyfulness and paradise. Florists have designated it the ninth anniversary flower. The symbolism generally associated with bird-of-paradise is freedom and good perspective. When a woman gives it to a man it symbolizes faithfulness.
7bird of paradise flowerThe genus is named after the duchy of Mecklenburg-StrelitzShunsui confirmed as a quincy double agent
6ninth anniversaryfreedomgood perspectiveNinth for YhwachFreedom from the Soul KingGood perspective on war both sides are evilEven more so confirmed as double agent
5id be so disappointed if that happenedunless he was a triple agent
Just leave it here
2
593
So, /a/. If you could rewrite the current arc so that one Sternritter would get their shit violently pushed in right at the beginning and never appear again through the rest of the arc, who would it be and why would it be PePe?
6i think he had the most frightening ability thus far. i wish we'd seen more of him. he was certainly hyped up by nakk le vaar
6I want to see Giselle's shit get pushed in. Literally. With a dick. In the ass.
8He probably could have defeated anybody but Mayuri. He just got really unlucky that Mayuri was fighting at that time, otherwise he would've been a team mini boss for sure.
8i think he had the most frightening ability thus farI think that it's at leas the third time we've seen an ability like that. The only thing he had on Zommari is that he somehow managed to look even stupider.
2and made hisagi look like even more of a pussy. when is he going to get his shit together and go bankai?
2Nah his was the most powerful version of that ability because it can control your whole body no matter where it hits you, and it can even control your sword. Much more dangerous than Zommari's ability.
5aka control the heart
Have you worshiped your waifu today?
the lack of giselle doujins is disturbing
2Give it time. The glorious nippons are going to make her whole group futa.
tfw Kubo is building up the RukiRenji OTP this entire archI am hyped.
7You know they friendzoned each other, like, on the next page?
4I don't think you know what friend zone means.
1"We're just friends!"not friendzoneAnon...
2implying people still draw art for Bleach
2If i recall, they used an unusual term for friend that meant something slightly different
Your face when Shinji puts you in the inverted world
7kek to the max
2 threads.
9Nakama? That goes for everyone.
9No, it wasn't nakama if I recallI'll try to find it
1Yeah, looking at the raws, it definitely isn't nakama, but I don't recognize the word
I just want this manga to end.
10Any finds?
1Since when were you under the impression that the ride would end?
0If I remember correctly there was a blogger who said that it was a word in the sense of "partner" but more like how a husband or a wife would call each other. I might be wrong tho
0"mikata" is the word.  What does it mean?
6mikata
8That's a hard friendzoning.
3Holy shit the genderbender versions are adorable as fuck.
6I worshiped my husbando.
16
3How can you tell the difference?
2Mainly height and clothes. Also Shinji's hair is slightly longer and Hiyori's hair is much shorter.
8was never a fan of RenRuki but shit. I feel kinda bad for the dude.
5Sometimes, in some corners of some panels you can see Liltotto.
3That genderbent hiyori is bishi as fuck.
, 
Anons please tell me that best girl didnt go batshit crazy..I really hope thats not the teddy bear yuki left behind..
Well?
Am I being detained or am I free to go?
3Willingly leaving that ass untapped
Did they really not notice the giant part of his arm that was fucking ripped off until like 15 minutes after the fact? I mean, really.
9The side effects of masturbation.
5surrounded by attractive women that will fuck you at the drop of a hatmasturbationtop cuck
4Allready a thread up000
, 
, 
God-tier: desuwaHigh-tier: desu, mono, kotoTop-tier: nano desuMid-tier: desu yo neLow-tier: daShit-tier: sa, ja
de arimasu~
nyu
They're all shit
DesuNot god tier
no de gozaru
Ja nou
God-tier: desuwaWatakushi no nigga desuwa
8Who says nanodesu other than akatsuki
8ですです^-^
5InazumaHanyuuProbably a lot more.
8who says mono or koto?
8Elderly God-tier: nya
3Rei, for example. Can't think of any more at the top of my head.
So, what the fuck do they actually mean?
3Characters who say desuwa usually.
Dayone?
8not even listed
8No DAZE
8Man, I still can't tell the difference between shimasu and arimasu
0This
8Oppai not allowed!
7Shimasu - Do Arimasu - Is
not ending your sentences with a full stop.
8elder-god-tier: de-geso
3full stopisn't a little late for you britfags to be up
nodesunoshit tier list.
kashira?
KANNA? KANNA?
There is only one answer
Nanoja
daily reminder that when a girl says watashi that if it has a hard x sound in it that's the best shit everMakes my ears cum
dearinsu
0geso geso
8Broccololi
5Nano desu~
Do dubs count, dood?
7can I get an x-ample
3He probably means when they say "watakushi"
Do people in Japan actually choose their own 'desu'?
やすSimply the best.
5no
5Polite form
8da mon!
Ctrl+F gozar1 of 1 matchok
No Aru
POI
9
~de gozaimasu
8-poi?
8
9Kanaria was a bit annoying but kashira can be great when used by mature ladies or flowery gay men.8jashit tierYou take that back right now.
2wataxshikekWatakushi is best though.
Not liking saFaggot.
Who /watasha/ here? 
DESS
5You get assigned a desu when you join your zaibatsu.
9na no!
7Autistic lesbians.
What is the point of this shit, I never understood.
8I don't understand a foreign language
DAYONE
5The little doll girl.
no de geso listedCould you fuck up any harder?
Da yo ne
Best girls are always the ones that say desu. And that's a fact.
5Desu is ok. I like desu. But it's no desuwa. Nothing is.

Dayo ne
7isn't he saying jan
39Of course with the obligatory head tilt and inflection.
6He is. It literally says it in the title
Whatever Rii-chan uses.
KUMA KUMA
5
The full DES-SU makes you sound arrogant or pompous.The modeste dess is acceptable always. The drawn out DESsss gives me a right fatty though.
desunya~
~ssu
Forgot nyu, nya, desuyo ne and DESU DESU
8whatever sound they make when they're gagging on cocks.
1desu yo ne is in mid-tier.
7You imasu and arimasu?
3Also no desu no
No love for da zoPathetic
5chibiki pls stay
8no su~ even though it's GOAT
no dattebayoweak
tbh
5This is really obnoxious and makes me want to ignore whatever the person is saying.
1Muh gatcha
7Kohina has the best speech pattern.
5jitsu wa
8My nigga.
1Used by only the most annoying characters8Shit-tier: sa, jaI can't think of a single character with sa as a speech tic, it's just a normal part of speech. And as for ja, see 2 and then kill yourself
8no zo or na
84That's just a stereotypical Chinese speech quirk. Most girls who wear China dresses speak that way, making it the best.
no dasu
Pyuru
8I like you, anon.
How aboot just"Uuuuuuu~"
7deseyo
Watch Gundam they said 
8Just watch broadcast order.
8/m/12680178
Also, Kotomine thread.
9There are enough fucking Fate threads already, saved.
6But none about priests.
I love this
9Kotomine's.... lived a hard life....
5Go away
Because that would clear up 90% of anime plots and anime would thus be dead.
9He's a natural-born sociopath. No amount of therapy could fix him.
7He's a natural-born sociopathHe's our guy
9He more or less tried getting a waifu as his therapy.He only got more fucked up.
6Why is his dad brown
5why not anon
7You can still train them to make in the world and not be a criminal.
9Why are you posting in an anime imageboard filled with fat neckbeard losers instead of going out with people and making friends to spend better time with?Shit hapens my dear Frodo.
Japantherapy
5Because he wandered the earth as a pilgrim, praising the Sun and getting a tan.
He became degenerate to the point of no return.
9Why didn't he just go to therapy?I didn't go to priest school, I went to confession.Oh, it shows, Kirei. It shows.
What do you think that ANN bitch is going to say about dolphin sex?
9 Why didn't he just go to therapy? talking out of my ass here but that's probably because all nips are extremely insecure, instead of getting therapy to make themselves better they'd just suck it up and fake being normal so people don't judge them
9If he looked like that all the time, i would watch a show dedicated to him...
3Well you get HF movies for beastmode Pretty Kotomine
7Rin is tossing her future away to become a subservient woman for her oppressive abusive demanding man crush and I don't like it
Kirei a shit. Only zero babies like him. Watching him die like a whore in FSN, taken by surprise just like Tokiomi, was worth it for their tears alone.
8you never read heaven's feel then
Narrative Fiat: the main antagonist of therapists in fiction. Even if he did mention going through it, a fantastical plot will always make it fail.Maybe that should be its own story: a group of people whose careers cover many fields of therapy aim to beat up the Threadweaver, the origination of all fiction who is biased against readers seeking outside help.
3But he already did that.
9What I find most ridiculous about Kirei is his utter lack of anything towards his only child. You have to be a stone cold douche to not love your child afters years of raising them.Kirei is so edgy he can't feel anything for his kid. So basically, he is a Japanese nigger.
4Pretty much. You have to be really, really fucked in the head to not love your own children. At least Kiritsugu loved Illya and Shirou and he was almost as fucked as Kotomine.
The Love Live! anime's μ's Best Album Best Live Collection II sold 85,000 copies to top Oricon's album sales chart for the May 25-31 week. The franchise's idol group "μ's" is the first in-anime character group to top the weekly album chart since the K-ON! anime's Ho-kago Tea Time did in 2010. It is also the first Love Live! CD to top the weekly album or singles chart. what next for Love Live?A Golden Globe?
4Hopefully Love Live world tour where the girls have concerts around the world.Or an anime special where either: the girls meet the normals from SIF, or a special where the girls meet the Sunshine girls. Or a three-way crossover, Sunrise will be printing cash if they did that.
0I wanted a three way Idol Crossover between all of Bamco's Idol Groups. One day. They can include Omega Quintet too if they fancy.But first, I want to listen to the 1st single from Sunshine SS'sIt remains to be seen whether Kasane will have to change her hair because of Chika.
6What if they make a movie or a Sunshine anime where the Sunshine girls get to participate in the Love Live, and their opponents are groups consisting of the SIF Normals?
5Good idea but I get the feeling the Sunshines and SIF girl if ever voiced will be kept in separate sub-series a la CG and ML.
, 
Kyon-kun, denwa~
0Why is the artstyle like that?
, 
, 
, 
, 
Anyone still watch this? I watched episode 1 at the beginning of the season and then forgot about it. Don't think I've seen a single thread in months.
1I watched every episode, and heck, I'd have enough time to remarathon Prison Break if I weren't.
Yes, and I like it. The plots really simple and they are doing cool things with it but the first seven episodes are just fucking around with the whole setup. Right now its worth watching past episode 6-7 because they explain the story and its not just the MC whining.
, 
Left or right?I've only ever seen the left probably 'shitty' version and I realize it's of less quality overall, but the right looks so fucking bright it ruins some of the aesthetic for me.
The blurry one with less detail is clearly the superior option
6Okay yeah it has less detail, but the pale color might work better for the comfy space outlaw feel
7Yes, comfy space outlaw is a feeling that can only truly be created by washed out colour.
5/a/ is fucking terrible
Left.
a sharper, colour corrected image.not better/a/utism
6/a/ are all streamfags that got peer pressured into downloading.
The right one. Only nostalgia faglords will pick the left one
1Left
1but the right looks so fucking bright it ruins some of the aesthetic for me.So turn down the brightness of your monitor.
