, 
, 
Can someone tell me why this movie is considered good? Ignoring the quality of art it has nothing good going for it
I used to drink coke. Until I watch Steins Gate
2I used to think time was absolute, until I watched S;G
2letting anime change your life in any way
2I used to listen to pop and rap, until I watch Kimi no Uso
I used to like woman of a similar age to myself until I watched Ichigo Mashimaro.
I used to not use mayonnaise on everything.Then I watched Vividred Operation.
1Not realizing that anything you experience has an influence over you
Steins;gate is garbage
0You should try Gintama
1
9Is that elizabeth? It's hideous.
1he doesn't tilt his head to one side when asking a questionhe doesn't rub the back of his head with his hand when apologisinghe doesn't have a selection of guest slippers by the front doorhe doesn't take a shower and then have a bath
1Yeah, these "anime teachings" are literally tumblr-tier.
I used to be straight. Until I watch Sakura TrickI wish I was a girl so I can do lewd things to another girl like holding handsdoes that make me gay
2I started watching anime.Made me a fag who wants to become a little girl.
9That makes you translesbian.
2I didn't have a favorite snack. Until I watch Bakemonogatari
4Nicely put anon
3Quantum Leap did that for me.
9I know that feel, I would love to be a cute little lesbo japanese school girl, too.
9I didn't fall for traps until I did.
5I used to think toothbrush has only one use. Until I watch Bakemonogatari
2Good taste.
2My cousin who played the entire VN and watched the anime thought that Dr Pepper was a fictional drink. Just imagine the shock on his face when I showed him a can of it
1That isn't what OP asked, you retard.Of course anime changed your life completely, you wouldn't be on /a/ wasting your time if it weren't because of anime
9I used to think that characters had to be young to be a loli. Then I realized that the youngest girl in this image is 24.
I used to like girls until I watched Jojo's bizarre adventure
3We have reached the Steins Gate
2I used to drink Dr Pepper, then I read Chaos;Child.
5How? I could understand a regional drink like Cherikee Red, but Dr. Pepper is actually a big name. I can't even watch TV for an hour without that dumb lill sweets dr.pepper ad being on.
7It's not popular in Asia
5Of course, read the slogan carefully
I didn't use to have a particular preference for womens bodies, height, breast size, etc.But since I watched Black Lagoon and found my waifu I'm now heavily inclined towards short, slim women, with small breasts and slight muscle tone.Things like that weren't as important before but now that's totally my thing, petite girls and small breasts and dark hair with pale skin, but I kind of always had a penchant for that, along with goth clothing on a girl
I used to think that white girls are ugly until I watched Chaika
5I legitimately like donuts more after watching bakemonogatari
1I hate traps with all my heart, but I make an exception for this little guy. I-is it wrong for me to want to lick his small feet, smooch is tender belly and suckle on his soft nipples ? A-am I going to hell for this ?
1Stop shilling your shit every thread.
7Now you drink Mountain Dew? Really?
5holy shit i just died a little inside5they mean a significant influence thoughsome things don't even influence you in a minor way
2No I don't, it was a poor attempt at forcing this to be a Sci;adv thread.Mountain Dew is too expensive here in Germany.
2Holy shit you're a faggot
2not any particular anime, but I've started drinking a significant amount more tea since I've started watching anime.
Posting Best;Girl
2What's wrong with that. I used to drink orange juice with my toast and sunny side up egg.
5The thread will happen when something happens, like something going at 100%.
5It's too late for thatMake a shitpost about wanting to lick Kurisu's feet and it'll evolve into a SciADV thread
2
4I never start threads, I just lurk until something interesting pops up in discussion.
2I don't even like coke in the first place. But Dr.Pepper is just awful.
one of my friends has started eating her ramen with mustard. I'm not sure what it's from, but she said she saw it in an anime
this thread
2tfw us danes think all your food and drinks are cheapWhy even bother living.
9why is tuturu so cute
2That's actually kind of sad unless you'd never tired it before watching the show and ended up liking it. People still deny S;G is cancerous as fuck
6Coke is shit-tier and Takumi has the worst taste in soda out of all SciADV protagonists
8It's just Monday Elizabeth
2Basing your preferences over chinese cartoonsThis is seriously the lowest of the low
2I used to think time travel was interesting, until I watched Steins Gate
6basing your preferences over your own national marketing insteadLiterally no fucking difference
4I can agree to this.I like Dr Pepper and Mountain Dew, but Mountain Dew is only available in 0,5L bottles at 1€ including "Pfand".I can't drink Cola anymore, every time I drink it, I recollect my memories of drinking alcohol-cola mixes.
2I was never a channer until I watch S;G
falling for product placementHow weak can you be?Code Geass did it well by making me associate pizza with CC butt.
2Dr Pepper tastes like shit
I stopped drinking Dr. Pepper when I found out how shitty it is for you. It's literally cancer in a bottle, same with coke and pepsi.
2thank you based pepsi
2oh my god those lips made my dick cubically diamond hard
1Nothing wrong with that.
I used to adjust my glasses one way, until I watched Log Horizon.
1Indeed, nobody wanna be a Jew.
2dr pepper is better than pepshit though
1Pizza hut truly does it well
The day I marathoned Tatami Galaxy I really wanted some spicy ramen.
So where is the chapter?
Can we just get Genos to kick Garou's ass already?
It got uploaded one week ago retard, next one in one week too.
0Check Murata's twitter, retard.There's a chapter coming today.
0Stopped looking at it since he has been spamming food shit. Anyway, release date is still 11/06 and I didn't see any recent message of Murata that says he'll upload it today, besides the fact 04/06 was the last release date before he ended up posting the exclusive chapter last week; so let me doubt what you're saying.
Who is the most based hero and why is it Licenseless Rider?
4would he still be as heroic if he had as much power as saitama?
6Probably not but then again he's the only hero that uses his bicycle as a weapon which makes him the most based. Plus he actually keeps the plot going.
3I could spoonfeed your retarded ass but you seem like the kind of guy who'd stick the spoon in his ass and play pospsicle instead.
7Meanwhile I still see nothing that may prove that the next chapter won't be for the 11/06 as planned. Checked Murata's twitter again and still nothing.
7pretty sure the plot would keep it's course without licenseless rider, but he is based. he might be able to break his limiter if he trained
7not wanting to spoonfeedmakes a thread asking where a chapter is
The chapter is here btw.
62Does being this retarded hurt?
2For some reason the second page is completely white, I guess is a mistake.
 Only one week to get the new chapter 11 pages of uninteresting fillerI don't know how to feel about that.God fucking damnit Murata, we're getting to the best part and you're pulling fillers out of your ass NOW ?
7
7
0
0
5
0
5I like how it's pretty much comparing Boros and Garou here.
9The whole point of this chapter was to show that Charanko was still alive.
5I wonder how dangerous someone with boros' strength and garou's technique would beAssuming saitama wasn't around to stop it obviously
70Yeah, there's quite a bit of irony here. Good for a chuckle.
4I see you're an aficionado of modern art made by ONE.
1
1 The whole point of this chapter was to show that Charanko was still alive.Come the fuck on, he had goofy injuries compared to Tank Top Master and Rider, it was obvious as fuck.
4Yes. Well, no. Old men gotta spitroast.
7normally a chapter has an uneven number count, but last chapter had an even number count and ended early. For some reason todays update is a new chapter.Meaning, the right-left order of pages has to be kept intact for the volume releases, thus todays chapter starts of with the left page instead of the right as usual.
2-Garou: ching chong-kid: chin chen chen ping pong-Garou: Gang ping yhee lee ching-kig: xiao pig ming lee
1
7Ooh, Royal Ripper. I guess it makes sense that some monsters can go on a rampage long enough without getting caught that they get put into a book.What's that text on his pic saying anyway?
6I hope this isn't a ticket to another filler chapter.
7looks like itbut if murata keeps up this schedule of 12 pages every week, it's not so bad
7Garou and ugly average kid OTP.
7Next chapter is again in two weeks, but I do not believe in Murata anymore.
7I do hope it is.Getting new world building, comfy side chapters is the best thing about Murata's version and some of them have been much better than a lot of the original chapters.
7Garou having a monster book is a really nice touch. Murata is fleshing him out more as a monster fanboy.
1You can say these characters are meant to develop all the underused characters who showed up for the Garou arc. I mean, we don't even get to see Tanktop, Licenseless, and Charanko after they get beaten up and Saitama doesn't really show up much until the end of the arc, so this puts him and the others into the spotlight. Also lets us see their reactions to encountering an existence stronger than them.The action is and will be great, but you can look at these as character development chapters.
0Well afaik the new side stories and chapters are written by ONE in collaboration with murata
702Plus, it puts more space between this version catching up to the current arc going on in ONE's version.
7Garou can be so moe when he's not out, ripping peoples arms off and breaking their every bone.
7So what does the ticket says ? That may give us a tip for what we could get in the next chapter.
1Accurate.
5Plus, it puts more space between this version catching up to the current arc going on in ONE's version.That's not needed. Murata won't reach it before at least 4-5 years.
7i would agree, but i want him to get to where ONE is at first. the hype is killing me
8I don't speak nip babble but it looks like a fighting tournament
5It also gives us more of a look into the consequences of the hero hunt. Whereas before Garou just mowed down some peopleand it was like, okay he's beating people up, next! Scenes like this give the whole situation more depth. It puts some weight behind whats going on, makes it feel more like an event and not just a few nonames and some jobbers getting slapped.
9putting a banana on his fucking legWhy is Saitama so based?
7As someone who's been here since the beginning, I can tell you it's been catching up pretty quickly. We were saying the same things back then about reaching Boros' arc, but here we are.
6 but it looks like a fighting tournamentNo shit, but I can't think of any other character that may be linked to that. Please Murata, if you make fillers at least involve others underused characters, not just Saitama.Darkshine maybe ?
filler shit
1Best part was when kid transformed into kig. Did not see that coming.
1I can tell you it's been catching up pretty quickly.The whole fight against Sonic was slow as fuck, even worst the Boros arc, because either Murata was doing others stuffs, either he was tooking too much time and even redrew the chapters. 4 years is a given at this point.
1Fuck off and grow an attention span.
There are people who will die before seeing Death Gatling.
::summon ultimateking::
7It needs more filler. Problem with wanpunman is that One updates it once a month at best and Murata is making 3+ chapters a month of the main story. That's not factoring in all the extras either.ONE needs to either pull his finger out or just storyboard the shit out of Onepunch man so Murata has something to work off or this shit will go Soul Eater.
8Lots of people died before their favorite stuff finished, I reckon. Let's ignore them and only think about one another; the living, those in the here and now.
05So why didn't Saitama start learning some techniques himself if he's so obviously impressed by them?I mean he's bored most of the time and learning martial arts sounds like a fun past time.
8so his fights would be even easier?
8He's impressed in the way that someone with technique might give him a good fight. Of fucking course he doesn't need himself to be even more broken than he already is.
8Because he can punch hard enough to change weather patterns.
Does Saitama actually like his hoodie, or his poor enough that he can't buy another one?Maybe the Hero's association is proudly sponsored by Oppai Manufactures, and Saitama was a given a free hoodie.
5Hero's associationgiving caped baldy anything free
5Wouldn't be surprised if someone he saved offered them to him.
5it's probably a very cheap brand, which is why he buys italso it only appears once or maybe twice in the entire original run and it only has become a running joke in muratas version due to memetic internet fandom
5He's the kind of person that only has like four different shirts, pants, etc, his hero costume and just one sweater. It's his favorite sweater. it is his only sweater. Imagine him wearing that and some torn bummy shorts while taking the rest of his clothes to the laundromat in a blue garbage bag. He's that guy.
1I don't think it's his book, but the kid's; the cover is the same as what's on the kid's book. There's probably a separate section for monsters in it and Garou flipped to it and talked about how he preferred the monsters.
2Is there proof that Murata and ONE collab these chapters?
2not much proof, BUTon the cover pages, even on the ones original to this remake, it says "story by ONE"also i don't see how it could be any other way
2That is says story by ONE is because it's referring to the manga, not individual chapters i reckon. It would be very weird if ONE didn't assist in writing the filler chapters in some way, so I don't doubt it, but everyone is saying it like it's a confirmed fact so I want source.
1It would probably say "original manga by ONE" if he didn't write the stories.
7ONE has another weekly series he has to do though
1There are characters that have appeared in Murata's version as background characters even before they appeared in One's. It does not "confirm" yet, but it makes it quite possible.
7He really looks like a pedo
2RIP unibrow kid
2Naw they friends.
77Yeah, OPM is just a side project he does whenever. It doesn't even have a regular schedule. He just works on it when he's bored or when he feels like it. Like doodling or daydreaming.
The unibrow kid will get the cat loli
7Yeah, this actually makes sense. As ONE seldomly ever updates the webcomic version, there isn't enough time to really flesh out all the characters and have them meaningfully interact with each other apart outside from the current point of attention.
6Reminder that Murata filler is neccassary
, 
, 
Why incest?
Because it's hot.
1Anything wrong with incest?
There exists a chart that pits together OreImo and another anime, and lists bullet points that exemplify how this other anime is so much better than OreImo. What was the other anime?
1Why not incest?
1If your imouto is the best girl by far, would you give her up just because of what people you don't care anywhere as much think?
You see things; and you say, ‘Why?’ But I dream things that never were; and I say, ‘Why aren't you fucking your little sister?’"
1I only watch incest anime, any new ones came out?
1Tokyo anime council approved it, there is nothing wrong with incest if the best girl wins
3New incest VNs come out pretty much every month. Learn Japanese and you'll have enough incest to last you for years.
6VNs are depressing though.
5Why?
1Why not?
1Well, sometimes it just happens that two related persons fall in love. It's not typical, as it's kind of in your genes to be repulsed by the idea of fucking your mom/sister or something along those lines, however, love can be a very powerful thing.Now, there's involuntary incest in which case one person forces themselves onto a family member, but that's really just regular rape/sexual assault.Insert standard spiel about how inbreeding is a cumulative thing and would actually take a few generations for the bad genes to stack up though it's still not risk free, unless we're talking parent/child inbreeding in which case that train will set off at light speed and you're gonna get a fucked up kid from the get go.Make your own risk assesment, search your feelings, it doesn't have to be a bad thing but it also doesn't have to be a good thing.
how can you say you love your imouto if you won't make love to her?
1Childhood friend fantasy taken a step further. I think it mostly appeals to those who don't have siblings or didn't have a close relationship with those they do have.
0Is it just me or are those siblings doing something lewd?
Normal love between a man and a woman is easy: Just find someone and everyone will be happy for you, there is no innate hardship in normal love, besides the hardships that come with every relationship.Forbidden love is hard: People will hate you for having gay sex or incest, thus, forbidden love comes with lots of extra hardships compared to normal love. This implies a higher threshold of love necessary to sustain such a relationship, giving forbidden relationships a higher average level of love, making them better and purer. Dug this from the archive. Wise words that deserve to be quoted
9I mean...woah man Cheers for that one
5They're just hugging. Don't make it weird.
1Cause 2D little sisters are pretty hot.
3Are you sure? That leaking coming from between their legs seems to imply something else is going on
6This imouto is the most annoying imouto ever
0Where is she from? Looks like a VN? Is there an anime?
3Fucking newfag tripfags.
3another new usless tripfag
There are people right now that don't shower with their imouto front to front.
6I don't see what you're talking about.
3Hoshizora no memoria ? I don't remember
5Front to back is less awkward
1tfw TnS will never be translatedFuck Applique
4That's not showering nigga.
4What are they laughing at?
1Suck to be an EOP, eh?1inaka settingJapanese mythologytons of incestLiteral GOTYAY.
7Speak Japanese but am illiterate in itLOL EOPGo fuck yourself.
2You mean you picked up some phrases from anime? You damn weeb.
8No I mean I learned to speak Japanese but never learned to read it.
7Still played through it with a machine translator. Not the best way, but I was still able to understand what was going on most of the time
2見せてくんない？
2same way with me and spanish, though i cant even speak it, just understand it when spoken to.
5Don't question my method faggot.
6That's very unfortunate. Good VNs don't deserve to be mangled by machine translation.Or rather, noone deserves to read them like that.
3Just a disappointing eroge where the canon route is by far the worst and the imouto route isn't worth it.
6Maybe they're recalling the time Kyousuke said seeing her naked was no big deal
, 
male character female character
4Definitely pic related for female characters
well, pretty sure Sakura it is for female
4Araragi :^
Kyousuke for male.Sakura, Yuki and Aoi for females.
Makoto
chiyo sakura cardcaptor sakuramatou sakurahinata sakurasakura yoshinothe list goes on, holy fuck
TakeshiYuu
3Kenta seems relatively common too.
ken for male character
4Nobunaga.
Sakura, Yui, Aoi.Yamato? Souta.
Jun
Haruka for female
4Her name is Chiyo, not Sakura
Masaki.
4Sasuke for any show with ninjas
Probably "Atashi" or "Boku". I hear those two names on every fucking anime.
7not all those "Ore" faggots
7
4Yamada.
7Ores are always best girls though.
7Yamada
7lel
4Yamada!
9Yamada!
7Watakushi a best.
1Watakushi is shit. I love male Watashi though, he is always so grown up and cool.
4Sakura is her surname, not her given name. Different kanji altogether.桜 - sakura cherry blossom, common name for girls佐倉 - sa kura Chiyo's family nameNozaki has been calling her by her surname the entire time.
5Yamada!
i think Sora is way too common
4TONI KAKU
Yui. Every goddamn show has a Yui.Yuuta for guys.
Yuki
YuukoMioMai
8Her name is Sakura Chiyo though.
Ching chong bing wong
4The most used surname I would say is Akiyama
1Waga better.not as common as these watashi faggots
8Men using Watashi in casual Japanese sound like faggots
6waga are smelly hipsters who have nothing else going for them but their name. Warawa is best.
0
0What if you talk like the LoGH narrator even in casual conversation?
9I'm telling the truth, in Japanese only females really use watashi in casual conversation. When males do it they sound really standoffish as well as kind of faggy, it just doesn't sound right.0Then you sound incredibly autistic. Remember in LoGH they mostly all spoke very formally and were also a bunch of faggots so it makes sense they used watashi so much.
1Then what if I speak like Alucard?
0S2 when?
4Shinji
4Misaki
1Again you would sound incredibly autistic. Most anime characters do not speak in an acceptable way because they talk in very exaggerated ways. Talking like Alucard would especially make you sound like an idiot.
6I was sure that when Alucard was mentioned it became evident that the goal was to sound like an idiot. What about an anime where everyone talks like normal people?
7Bokuwa/Watashiwa master race reportin' in.
5My Japanese isn't strong enough to judge the casual/formal conversation of those kinds of series but they talk in much more acceptable ways from what I can tell. For the most part you still don't want to emulate anime when speaking if you want to be taken seriously.
5BokuwaWatashiwa
5Bokuwa/WatashiwaBokuwaWatashiwa
5You forgot Orewa faggot
YosukeSakura
7
Midori is quite common
5kusoh yaroh temey
8"Sakura" is her family name. Her name is Chiyo, pretty rare to me I think I only saw another "Chiyo" in Detective Conan
0I think I only saw another "Chiyo" in Detective ConanAre you retarded or just new?
9Sapphire, please. Just bear your name.
0
aoimidorikuroWhy are japs so obsessed with naming their children with colors?
7Nips are terrible at coming up with names, for fuck's sake Kouichi means "first child".
7Who's 俺様 here?
7Still not as bad as the romans.
7You mean Ichirou.
9EKUZOOOOO
9Only person that gets this old ass jokeRest of you are idiots.
Shin.
Ketsu no ana, anyone?
7They both mean the same thing
2Oh yeah. I did forget that one, my bad. Actually wasn't there one more? Annatachiwa or something.
8
Sebastian
3What are you even talking about?
9Meant for9I was dying so fucking hard I responded to the wrong person.8But yeah, present.But still, who in here remembers those "ENGRISH" threads back in the day?Oh god, I'd lost my fucking sides when someone typed "BARAKAYADOE" and posted an image of Asuka with the face of fucking baraka from Mortal kombat.I swear to christ I thought I popped one of my lungs.
6He's right.
6Kou = ChildIchi = OneNow it can use different kanji to give it another meaning but the base meaning for it is first child and you will never meet a second born son named Kouichi.
6My name is Sebastian and i'm not a butler
4Child is kodomo or ko for short. And since that is put at the end of girl names it's far from common to see in boy names.Kouichi does not simply mean first child even if the -ichi part comes from one/first.6That site doesn't even include Kouichi.
4I get your point but 子 is pronounced ko, not kou, and is never used in boys' names.
Aren't you guys forgetting Tadaima and Okaeri?Pretty sure those are common names.
Jougasaki
That's like saying Elizabeth is a fucking common jap name. You know it's fucking not.
3Kouichi does not simply mean first child even if the -ichi part comes from one/first.Of course not a name is decided by its kanji, but its roots are from the more literal "child one"7True, I shouldn't be including the u I should just be saying Koichi.
5see8
girl's name is Aiit's 藍 indigo and not 愛 love
inb4 desuDeskar is always the right choice.
3There are other examples like Tomokazu and Kouji, both of which are numbered in reference to the order in which the sons are born.This explains it better inb4 ljhref="#p126263642" class="quotelink"2子一Now you're just being retarded.
5Deskar asks too many questions. Degozaimasu is best.
5not dakedo
3Now you're just being retarded.Yeah I am, been slacking on my kanji study so I completely forgot about the vowel extension of 一
2I'm almost 100% positive that anyone with half a fucking brain in their skull will know this intrinsically without having to be told by some weeaboo, even if they've only seen fucking dubbed shit.My problem is the stereotypical foreigner talking like walker texas-ranger because they believe MURRICA is all about wrangling cows, and wearing rangler jeans.Hearing it hurts so fucking much.
3何を言ってるのがもう分からない
6I am functioning on about 2 hours of sleep in the past 48 hours so i am functionally retarded at the moment and am misreading everything I see
7
I'd say Rin.
4Makoto is used a lot, mainly because it's unisex.
4Anon, most of /a/ is insomniacs. You're not alone.
6実は俺は日本語を全然分かりません
9そりゃ大変だ
I noticed that "Tooru" gets used at least once each season recently
Drawfag Thread 1508second rarfag's files until thread 1499:Friends Booru!help a little by tagging pics!Tag list of artists and colorists: Missed a delivery or sudden 404? references and tablet guide: 1507 7
Requesting Paladin holding Fighter down and lustfully tonguing her navel, saliva dripping from her mouth and a sense of sexual pleasure on her face as Fighter squirms at her appendage probing her umbilicus. That, or Paladin lucid dreaming how Fighter is going to town on her own navel, greedily licking and slurping away at it like it’s the only source of water available to her in 3 days.
Requesting Sandalphon left playing with plushies of the Gunbuster bugs middle while Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann tells the view that Gainax is over meaning this will never happen.
Requesting Kobori lewds
Requesting The World taking off its mask, revealing the face of Jonathan Joestar. Refs here 
tfw can request your waifu in your team's jersey cause the hockey team is shit and don't wanna make your waifu look bad.
/r/ing handshaking, please
requesting msyu brs and shimakaze at a hotsprings
As a wolfgirl like Horo, having a nap in the nude please.
Requesting new drawfags
3Could you stop with your petty bullshit, Kogasafag? We get it, Koborifag's the only guy here vocally against you. News flash, everyone in these threads do as well.
Requesting girls in gags, please
Hakase in a hoodie
Requesting guys in drag please
01This could work, lets combine them! Nit a drawfag BTW.
2Not a drawfag BTWthese cool down times are stupid for text only replies.
5Requesting list or proof of Kogasafag's harem please.
7cool down timesgo play some shitty mobas, fag
7/a/ is not a chat room.
2which girls get gagged and which guys get dragged? What gags and clothes? The story?
1The story?Guys want to dress in skirts and to prevent them from being laughed at they tape their mouths. Not hard, man.
4Sounds nice, now we need a drawfag and nominees
2He requested Kogasa and Megumi in the same thread at one point. It's pretty clear that he and Tanpopofag are the same person. Every time he posts his dunk commissions, the posts that follow them scream canned and feel very samefaggy.I wish I could provide a more extensive list of his harem, but he undoubtedly has one.
Requesting a sequel to this suggested by the replies to this comic where Madoka unties Kyubey's tail out of her stupid innocent, only for Kyubey to then use the tail to get Madoka into a trance.
0you can bully me all you want. Leave tanpopobro alone please he draws too.
4Sailor Scouts and the cast of Free, now you just need a drawfag
1I might be wrong but wasn't this delivered 2 or 3 threads ago? 0sometimes I wonder how slow or fast these threads would go with kogasafag and ycake banned.
9Report their shitposts.
9I might be wrong but wasn't this delivered 2 or 3 threads ago?If it was I haven't seen it
9I post like an average of 5 times a thread though.
Requesting Nadeko celebrating her birthday, either eating a slice of cake or opening a present with mangaka tools inside
1you do generate insane amounts of shitposting indirectly, this post of mine included.
1What are the names of these two robots? You could include who they are in your post.
Who wants in on my collage
7What is it?
6Blue one is Gorg and red one is Galient.
7state the theme
1It's Lolyfag shitposting again.7Fuck off.
9What if Mishafag get banned too. Less vidya waifu spammed would be nice.
0New wifu OpPick your favorite one of the three
Requesting Meow and Aria doing something together as cat bros.
5But those aren't waifus.
Requesting Megumi dressed like Syndra
8Nice citation you got there. Wait.
Requesting a waifu version of this.
8same character, different ages
Requesting a female protagonist you choose genuflecting before that series' villain.
6Nice b8 m8
Requesting Suiseiseki riding a motorcycle.
Any WIPs going on?
9I like Satsuki and the Lightning, butRyuko
6wider head needed?
6Nice Ryuko!
6Fuck off Ycake.
47I don't really want to believe I fucked up drawing her.
1Update, I just found this, thank you very much to the person that drew this. Apologies to9
7Nice, you better post it when you're done.
6what could you possibly do that he would dislike, though.
Requesting Berserker fighting Artorias
7if this is tribal kongou i sincerely hope shes barefoot
4Something worse than gore.
7Minor critique, you may want to finish the lower lip. Not bad overall.
4The best thing that one could do to spite him would be to ignore him and give good deliveries to waifus he's shitposted in the past. But ycake is an idiot, so he cannot do either of those things.
Anyone streaming?
6requesting a picture of Holo and Lawrence at a starbucks or something sitting at a table sipping expensive drinks.I had a compiled image of a bunch of pictures of lawrence and holo lemme make another.
6Of crs.3It does look better, thanks.
6Draw Satsuki in a Lightning jersey then.
7It does look better, thanks.No problem
How about bears raiding a camp site for honey, please.
2Bears raiding your waifu for honey
Requesting Mimibro-tan petting catgirls, please!Thanks if you pick this up!
5Long hair or short hair.
7Long hair.
Draw what Mugino is laughing at
Requesting Marimo from Teekyuu crashing CIA's plane with no survivors
5Why can't anons ignore Ycake's shitposting too?
4Kogasafag's Paypal history.
Requesting Pitz doing something adorable like being in fresh warm laundry.
Good evening ladies and gentleman!Requesting Maki from Love Live getting fucked in the ass! And if it's Nico doing the fucking, that would be super!Thanks!
1you're gonna trigger tamafag
1Dude, asoc, why have you become so lewd?Please be pure again.
8The Mexinigger's been lewd, brochachoHe likes his tits milked and his butts fucked
Also requesting Evil Erika! Doing evil stuff!8why have you become so lewd? Please be pure again.what the bloody fucking hell...
Requesting Kaerun photobombing another request
Requesting Yui standing over a floor AC vent and getting aroused by the cold air blasting against her bare pubic area.
1Counter requesting Maki getting patted on the head.
51Chose kind of a dumb pose to show off a jersey in, have this while I do another
1Do more chibis on the weekend pls 
Requesting Tamaki or any other petite character even a shota dressed like Anzu
1Really nice job. Sasstsuki is my favorite klk.
1Naisu
6this one looks fun/interesting, imagine em puffing smoke that they cant' hit each other heh, now if i could only get motivated to draw more detailed ones.forced myself to quick doodle after a while on a lunch break
Requesting smug girls getting the smirk fucked out of them
9Ooh.Feels like the hair in the last panel could be drawn more, uh, "intensely".
7The petite-est.
9Oh wow for being a quick doodle that's pretty good, man
9Viper likes your requestNo offense, but that alone makes me feel good, since it can be really hard to get your attentio.
1photobombing another requesthow?
Requesting these three Rabbit units from World Trigger saying " You came to the wrong neighborhood, motherfucker"
1Take a lewd request and have her obscure 90% of it
Patchouli in a bikini like this pubes and being proud.niche fetish
9S-Super Saiyan?1well, i merely redrawn a page from the latest OPM chapter, so easy references and ive been doodling Saitama and Tatsumaki last time so i got a little used to em.8been seeing this request for some threads now, imagining other things like Artorias accidentally penetrating Shirou/Saber or Berserker accidentally dicing The Chosen Undead because of the smokey obstruction. I feel like my current half assed doodles wont do justice for it heh
1hows the healthy collage coming
8Not gonna say what is is. Gonna be a suprise one.
6Satsuki Lightning B T F OTFOMy sides
8I swear to God, if it's something gross, I will hunt you down.
7I will be waiting for you, my love.
8I hope its a showing feet collage
There is one anon that might know the collage's theme. Surprised that none have figured out yet. gonna take two weeks.
3No one cares about your gay sports shit.
4Yeah I know it's a redraw, but still pretty good
6tfw you wanna request your waifu's feet but don't want to be hated and scorned as a footfag for lifefeelsbad.psd
This gets me thinking. When are we gonna get a girl's hockey slice of life anime?Hockey is a quickly growing sport in Japan and their Olympic Team is doing better every tournament they play in.
4one of teh only drawfags that does dynamic pieceshalf-assed doodlesMy nigga, give yourself some credit.
9just request her in outfits or doing things that make it likely she will be drawn as barefoot. Helps I like butts and legs alot though so they kinda take priority.
practice from this morning
Can I get lewds of the two silver haired girls from Strike the Blood? Together, solo/staight, or like /u/ whatever is okay.
Requesting tribal Kongou playing a pair of bongos in the Congo on a steamer vessel8Hockey will never happen unless it is one of those kickass Canada-Japan collabs like Spider Riders.
8Kevin Smith would watch the shit out of that and might even write an episode.Also continuing with the lewd coloring from yesterday while playing a sequel in the background 
Hana wearing clothes either cute or lewd. Like a race queen
0white hairs always make the best sluts
Requesting a curvier Pacifica in her swimsuit or a different style and doing something like eating watermelon or relaxing, please.5SmithI'm looking forward to Mallrats 2 and Clerks 3.
I'd like Cthune right having happy sex and Kuuko maybe catching her with her face darkened, or Kuuko getting fingerfucked beside her, maybe Cthune teasing her nipple or clit.Or the other way around for either/both.
519That kinda sucked to do. Maybe it'll get easier.3I seem to hear that a lot. Well, don't feel bad, nobody's perfect.9Ganbatte.
0Sideways pictureDifferent clothes in each oneIs this the shittiest ref ever conceived?
0all these great general deliveries make me wanna request my waifu in my Hand Egg team's jerseythey suck
0This one's really nice too.I seem to hear that a lot. Well, don't feel bad, nobody's perfect.Did you reply to the wrong post?
0Damn Audere. Really good.
8Ryuko is Audere's waifu.
9I know this feel.
3Mediocre taste.
3tfw want to pay audere back for all the deliveriesdont want to draw ryuko
4
8man what the hell was I thinking there I need to go to bed.
Requesting Vert in a sexy or modest wedding dress please!
48I appreciate the thought, anyway.2I don't even funpost that much!
Rough lewdsAnything lewd and being done roughly
2More like cuteposting.
2if its any consolation she has cute hair
2Do have drawfags that you dislike or hate?
Rosia left, pink hair pinning cyan right down in bed. Both are from show by rock.
5Umm ...
Kanase from Strike the Blood getting creampied and impregnated with x-ray.It'd be all happy and vanilla with hand-holing, teary eyes, and smiling.Also requesting her dressed as an angel, how one typically looks or the MGE version.
2ryuko dunk?
5kill yourself dunkfag
Requesting Hori and Miyamura having cute, yet awkward first-time sex or more of Miyamura 'abusing' or treating Hori roughly because she likes it. Total Maledom, or having Hori being his pet bitch in pet-play
9Not even a little. I wish Ycake would stop bullying Tamabro and friends tho.5I don't think she'd mind!8Every waifu that isn't some haremfag's whore is best girl. I'm trying to draw them all.
Requesting waifus being gunged
Requesting colour489And anything of her
2hows the collage coming?
Requesting Issei from High School DxD with his full Balance Breaker  Ddraig and Albion arms doing Hell And Heaven move from GaoGaiGar
2dunk enablerDisgusting.
9This page got me so hyped for the next chapter.
can't concentrate on drawing because of the freezing weather.Especially during the nightsNo central heatingwasted so much timeI gotta go to sleep and draw during the day
4Background and 2 waifus drawn and colored, I'm kind of hesitant to decide where they all go. I don't want to bury anyone in the far background if I don't have to.I'll probably post a section this weekend to prevent any more "It's a ruse" posting but I'm not gonna post updates, I don't want to shit up threads constantly.
3
8freezingid prefer that over the 90+ I have to deal with right now.
1dat face
Kyoko licking a bowl of cake mix with a chef hat on.never waste food kids
5yeah.. well, i'll try to fix it tomorrow
Requesting Kurumi as a Dragon Monster girlRefs: imgur.com/a/0ACR1
Requesting tasteful lewds of Tohka in tight clothing.
Requesting Sawyer enjoying a popsickle in a suggestive manner.
Requesting fusion of Arata Demon Lord Form, Issei Balence Breaker and Tatsumi Incursio.
5Why did you upload this to the booru?
890 degrees? Is it even possible to be alive at this temperature? Wouldn't you be boiling alive?
08I assume we're talking Fahrenheit, right? 100 today, and expected to hit 108 this week, pussy ass bitches.
9oh, fahrenheit
04Don't be a fag.
6sorry
6I fucking love the OP pic.Anywho. Requesting Kuroko in a shrine maiden outfit.
Requesting a hairstyle chart of Rias.
Requesting Chitoge with blunt bangs.
9Counter requesting girls in rugby jerseys for the upcoming rugby world cup
7How do you counter what wasn't thrown?
Requesting Yurishiro as the Nigga you don't understand bear pic
9waifu abuse is both cute and sexy, whether they're receiving or dealing it
7
Requesting Makoto wearing Hibiki's Gungnir.
8/v/
3implying its not /a/ and /v/ at the same time
8The general understanding is that /v/ character in /a/ outfit is /v/ while /a/ character in /v/ outfit is /a/.
8/v/ character dressed as /a/No that is full /v/, just like how /a/ dressed up as /v/ is full /a/. I cant just waltz up to the /v/ drawthread and request Nadeko as Platinum the Trinity and expect a warm reception
9Nadeko as Platinum the TrinityThat would have to be Tsukihi. Now I'm interested to be honest, has it been ever done anywhere?
9I was just throwing out a bullshit /v/ costume swap that belongs on /a/. If you wanna request that by all means.
How do you guys keep motivated to draw?I have tried to get started for quite a while, but I keep getting myself out of it. I used to draw everyday, with no improvements, but now I want to try again. Sadly I still find it hard to keep going.
4How did you not improve? Were you studying figure construction, etc from tutorials and stuff or were you just drawing shit without wondering why you were shit?
3I know, but the idea isn't actually that bad. Maybe I will request that one day, or Tsukihifag is reading it, and may consider that as his WWD request.
4I just look at all the cute girls I want to draw when I get decent.
7I was following the markcrilley books. I recently found a huge amount of tutorial stuff on Mega, so I have been trying to use that.
4To be honest, I use these threads. Picking up a request is just the right about of obligation I need to get into something and finish it. 6Spoiler: You will never feel decent. When you're good enough to draw girls just like they're drawn in anime, you'll notice amazing artists and want to go higher.
3Those sorts of books are notoriously not that great for beginning out, it's a lot easier if you learn how to draw real human figures first until you understand how they work before you start stylising them. I made the same sort of mistake at the start too and wasted months, and I'm still not particularly good, you'll get there mate.
8I think I saw some of that, I assume you mean the likes of Burne Hogarth, right?
Requesting anything of Shinoa teasing Mitsuba
Requesting art of Yukano. Or if anyones up for doing lewds of her, lewds are fine.
3Why is she so fat?
4Yeah.
5She hasn't done her daily 100 Yeeart's anon.
1
Requesting Kirika doing the Kamen Rider "Henshin!" pose please.More references: 
Why is it that almost all the requests that get delivered are lewd shit?
9Because almost all the requests that are made are lewd shit.
1wake upsee thistodayisagoodday.jpgI love those expressions! How nico is going nico nico niiiiii on maki's tight butt! Thank you good sir! Now up to get ready to go to work!
1S'goodMake it better
3Thanks, I will keep that in mind
I'm struggling at drawing hand, hair and shit. Any advice or show I lurk moar?
7Lurk more and work to get over your scat fetish.
7
7Don't lurk, draw.Although lurking would help because this question gets asked weekly and the answer is always to draw more.5That's a pretty good cute:fast ratio.
5Damn, that was actually fast! Thanks drawfriend
7clothes are harder to draw than hands or hairs
1IKR I have no sense at drawing clothes wrinkle at all but If no wrinkle then yes. I've been out of the game for 3-4 months and just got back to drawing lately. I can draw man's hair but sucks at drawing female's.
Requesting dynamic fucking with 60's Batman-style SFX and action lines everywhere
Requesting Neito and Laura soaping each other's bodies, Laura with military-like precision and thoroughness, Neito using her hair like extra appendages and caking Laura's body in suds.
5
I miss laurabro.
3He's still around.
5Did he change waifu or something?
1No I mean he hangs out on irc.
6Does that mean we can request and draw Laura doing depraved, super-lewd things now?
52Requesting these two playing with each others flat chests or them both wearing lewd clothing meant for busty girls.
Requesting a color of the image on the right. Her overalls/pants should be the same color as the overalls in the picture beside it and I would like her tanktop to be around the same color as the brown parts of her goggles or her leggings and her boots as dark tan. Thanks for considering!
8Go ask him if it bothers you.
1lack of breasts6Fix that too, but i think it is nice.
Requesting girls wet in the pool!
4*taking selfies while wet in the pool
4whoa, sugoi colouring
8While the pool has no water in it
4that bikini bridge Unf
7No, it's empty but about to be filled with water from people with hoses and stuff
Requesting this, an illustration of her naked on a bed that has a lot of money on with with a few notes on her body.
4I'd like that.
2post shiki instead
Requesting lewds or at least Rebecca being sexy. With hips. Hips are important.
1
7is there a version where the textbox doesnt obscure her feet?
8I don't think so.
8Play it, Kogasafag.
8Go away HappyCabbie.
8I could photoshop that if there was a higher quality version
Requesting waifu's reaction when receiving her first toy.
5her eyeshadow is so great. Gotta get her into the dunk tank eventually but ive done so many blondes.
3This was initially only meant to be for practice, so it's not exactly what you asked for.
2Drawing for mishafag
Requesting Darius III, Ozymandias, Sakata Kintoki and Gilgamesh dressed like rappers.
2Drawing for mishafag.Well nice work and efforts.
Requesting Patchouli buying a lewd daki of Marisa in a situation similar to this.
Requesting Machiko in a sling bikini sitting on a sprinkler
2You might want to work on your breasts.
57Nice meme. He did say it was practice though. I also rather draw practice drawings for shitposters instead of defiling real waifus with it.
Requesting Mob doing the Gendo pose.
2Obvious Mishafag's haremMeme
/r/ing a young Caster eating cake
2pretty cute
2practiceI would give anything to see my waifu drawn with this skill, even if it was practice.
requesting Haruhi and Sasaki as the devil and angel on Kyon's shoulders, giving him advice.
2really like the background and head, the anatomy and pose are incredibly broken thoughher back especially is completely fucked because of the perspective/twist and the proportions are way off kilterthe image looks great at a glance but the body is something you can't unsee
Requesting absolute madgirl
5Not the artist.But I personally can't see what you are saying.
Requesting headpats.
20 more hours.
1looks to me like the body is made up of 4-5 different reference images of different people at different angles facing different directions
7do itshe'd love itprobably take a selfie right as she plunges into the water too
2In a couple years, you're going to be a really really good artist.
2give anythingher name
1I am looking at it as hard as I can, still don't really see it. Kind of scary, since I want to start drawing the human body.
7shit man don't make my dick hard like that, im trying to not abstain from fapping for a while. Also I need to save money
5No. Generals aren't for waifus.
30
8if he asks for waifus, it's okay to give names.trust me, you'll regret it later if you won't tell it.
8Not willing to pay the ultimate priceBut yeah, you actually have a good point here.
Extremely brutal towards his enemiesDoesn't spare women and childrenWants to release pretty much a virus in the whole world that would kill 99% of humanity"caothic good"Does Nasu browse /pol/ or something?
5"caothic good"That was before the grails corruption
5You're judging Gil with modern values and morals, his alignment represents his alignment from when he lived.In his time, while he was a tyrant he was also most definitely a great king.
5Being the king isn't easy gotta keep the people in line
5What the hell is a caothic?
5In CCC he is pretty much Chaotic Good. He hates stagnation above everything else.
5caothicYou have a stroke or something, OP?
caothic goodDid you mean catholic good?Is Gil catholic? He's not that evil.
6That doesn't make him good in the context of D&Ds stupid alignment system though.
9Grail CorruptionGil He can't be corrupted. He's too pure for something like that.
7he's chaotic good because while his way is brutal his intention is not necessarily evil. Also he cared for his people when he still alive, and he ended the age of god so Human can flourish and live without the gods controling them
2He is insane in F/SN.
2This.His goal is to return Man to greatness of past ages by cutting off all the parasitic waste we have burdened ourselves with. He is an ends justify means kinda guy.
5I read that as catholic good until you realized what you meant.
2the grail tried to consume him but his pureness made the evil spit him out. However he didnt get out unscathed
22Did Nasu ever confirm that Gil wasn't corrupted? I know Gil himself says in in one of the routes but you can't trust him for jack shit to be honest about it.
24He wasn't destroyed by the corruption. Pretty much anyone else would have had their mind wiped out, gone totally corruption-loopy. Gil is still pretty much Gil, which is impressive.But the Chaotic Good thing is a separate point, and it's very much intentional on Nasu's part. It's about changing ideas of morality through the ages. Gilgamesh was Chaotic Good in his day. Back then, killing monsters just for being large, taking women because you desired them, and forging a kingdom through your own strength and violence were heroic acts. Gil was a brutal ruler, but he built civilization out of chaos, and his people saw him as "dangerous, but a great man": Chaotic Good.
4Yes. Not to mention we're shown the fucking scene where he bitchslaps AMs curse in Zero. It's outright stated there too.Gil is slightly different in attitude in F/SN because he's had ten years of seeing how pathetic and disgusting humanity is to his sensibilities. Given that he turned on the Gods and lost his only friend and his life to bring about the eventual Age of Man, it's pretty understandable he would get pretty genocidal as a result. Shit's outright explained in CCC.4Yes he did get out unscathed. Completely. I don't know how many times character, thrid person omniscient narration and Nasu himself has to say it before people get it. Gil can't be corrupted or influenced by anyone but himself.
0He did kill monsters because they could potentially be a danger to his people one day as well.Enkidu at the time didn't understand why he would do that considering how he treated them.
0It's about changing ideas of morality through the agesWhich would be the point where it's not using D&Ds alignment system anymore.
Try to rape girls on their wedding nightGoodOnly chaotic good character in his tale is Brokidu
7Nasu doesn't use the D&D definitions though.
6great kingAndersen :: Though my tongue may be cut out where I stand, as I have been asked, I will speak my estimation of you without reservation! To start at the conclusion, you don’t qualify as a Servant! I can’t give you a single point! And as a heroic spirit? That doesn’t bear discussion! No matter what records you consult, Gilgamesh was a ruffian that brought suffering to his country and his people. Calling you a king of men would make me laugh. A fool who united heaven and earth, ruling over men without governing his country. A King of Heroes is just that, and not to be called a king of men even by accident. That principle of kingship is simply to reign. You establish yourself as a king, but that state is nothing but a storm with will. First you destroy. And after that you cannot even promise a good harvest. And in that sad state you gather the riches your subjects produce. Greed. Cruelty. And conceit. Those three things raised to their ultimate form and then made into one — that’s what you are.Anderson :: Serfs raise their crops, kings raise their countries. But you didn’t even raise a country. You did at all nothing but kill and pursue your self-satisfaction. Your nation, your followers, your legend, none of it continues after you. The only thing remaining to you is yourself. Is this contract, too, nothing but an amusement to distract you from your boredom? An adjudicator who enjoys human emotions without understanding them. That is your true nature, Gilgamesh.
I remember reading elsewhere that while Gil cannot be corrupted, the mud of the Grail still damaged his mind somehow. He's more insane and unstable.There's also a statement that Gil was summoned in the chaotic time of Japan so his behaviors were overall affected. Had he been summoned overseas like Saber, his mood might have been better.In Extra CCC, he's much calmer and he has shown many depth in his personality. Although it's obvious that Nasu done all those things because Gil is literally a gold mine, he can fix a character very well.
0I remember reading elsewhere that while Gil cannot be corrupted, the mud of the Grail still damaged his mind somehow. He's more insane and unstable.That's contradictory. If the Grail damaged Gil's mind, that means it corrupted him.Gil is just an arrogant asshole. He was the same in F/Z. He just wasn't around humans long enough.
He's Chaotic Neutral at best. Heck, the people of Uruk had to beg the gods to sent someone to stop him from fucking their shit up.
3Nope, the grail cannot damage him because Gil's ego. In other words it's like you cannot judge him by your definition of good or bad, because that's something he would decide himself, therefore he cannot be corrupted.But those curses still affected him somehow. Other servants will have they mind exploded, but he just become more unstable. That plus his already bad mood in Zero.
4He is corrupted in FSN from living on modern day earth for 10 years.
5It's a ruse. His true alignment is Stupid Asshole.
5If I were, for example, to become incarnated, my blood as a human would stir and my nature would gravitate towards that of the humans of that era---however, there is no such alteration here.
0In Nasuverse the gods had a hidden agenda and sent Enkidu because Gil was disobeying them and not making humans to submit to them fully.
it's out cunts
WarworldYhwach is Dr. Doom?
I swear, this must be the work of an enemy stand.
3yfw mayuri does cool shit all the time only to still be a buttmonkey at the end of the day
5Kurotsuchi and Zaraki team up
I don't know how Askin is supposed to have a decent fight with Ichigo's group. Unless he's gotten some new tricks, I suppose. But otherwise, his power is pretty much a one-shot or nothing.
I'm disappointed at how the Quincies are just going to be written out offscreen losing to Haschwald.
5the best part of this chapter by far was mayuri thinking he was hot shit for sneaking away, kenpachi riding along for shits and giggles, and the 2 of them about to kill each other.
5I waited all night and it comes out as I'm taking a leak.
Creepy ass doctor shinigami getting the shit scared out of him by ZarakiDat Grimmjow out of no where laying the smack down
3I would not be surprised if the loyal sternritter left have gotten a power boost since their glorious leadsr ascended into godhood.
5Nice chapter. Finally we get things underway.
3hello new reaction image.
We're going to take out the number 2Might as well wave a giant death flag over their heads
Kenpachi sure surprised the hell out of mayuri.
How does Kubo manage to put out half a dozen chapters in a row where nothing happens time and time again?
1Their base abilities have probably grown, but how do you boost a power like his?I'm wondering if they got a power switch as well, and now they can use some other letters Yhwach took back from the other SR.
8dat hanataro and nemu reactionman this chapter was good for a laugh
1Buzz-B sure is way over his head.
Expected nothingStill disapointed
Poor, adorable little Hanataro... At least it's fun that he's still part of the story even though he is weak as fuck.
7bit of a hot head that one
7The fuck? Things actually happened in this chapter. We have some matchs up underway.
yfw you see Zaraki's dick pissing at the urinal next to youWhat is this expression?
Did they just leave Aizen down there sitting on his chair?
3People are posting it automatically, and the last time they read Bleach was in 2010.
5Maybe they should get him out of here?
5Disgust, perhaps?But admiration deep within.
2yup.and hes probably laughing his ass off that nobody is paying attention to him when they really should.i'm still calling later on he will show up full on free of all his shit and then proceed to asstomp everybody in this entire arc.
2I don't think so. Kubo is just playing with us.
2I bet he's having fun, luring people in and then disintegrating them with his reiatsu when they fall for his bait.
2Sitting there on his chairHis nose itchy
2Yeah big mistake by shunsui to just leave him there.
WahrwaldIm not even sure if its a typo or a word play at Haschwald
He's jobbing for Haschwald :
3spend an entire chapter just to have characters meet and waste some words on anotherI dunno anon, I consider that as fucking nothing.
5Oh boy he won't be bored for days.
Toofsy's fucking happy as a clam this chapter.Incoming slaughter of Bazz B and the jobber quincy squad.
3nothing happens every chapteryet the plot continues to move forward. do you see the basic flaw in your logic here?
2Who is Kenpachi? Why does he wear the eyepatch?
2I thought all of Soul Society has been eradicated from existence, wouldn't that include Aizen as well or is he just floating around in nothingness sitting on his chair?
QUICK, USE ALL OF OUR MIGHT TO OPEN A SINGLE PORTAL TO THE ENEMY BASEAlright, they're gone, let's open another portal kek.Guy who wasn't there during the first one because of a bathroom break gets to tag along.I ain't even fucking mad.
comedy and funny faces all over the placeno plotBleach is turning into buu saga now.
What happened to all the "zombies?" Is Uryu's harem undead now?
9Toofy's happyevery other quincy is sadwhat gives?
Where the fuck is Aizen? Did they just leave him in the valley of screams to chill with Riruka?Because if so he's probably driving her up a wall.
Who will fight against askin? I think ichigo will just move on ahead. So Grimmjow,Nel and yoruichi vs askin?
1So what, suddenly this fuck poses a major threat?
1Yeah, they're dead alright and it's kinda a shame. But since we know what they're capable of they haven't got much left to show in a fight. So, Kubo is gonna try to make them die heroically or something.
6Wait, yeah, what the fuck happened to them? Is Hitsugaya just gonna be left dead or something I hope?
5I think you should leave this thread.
so their idea of a perfect world is being a complete sausage fest
5Bleach doesn't have a plot since the beginning it is all about fights and the characters.
2I wonder if his chair doubles as a toilet. It must, right?
1He chopped Ichigo's sword, and has the powers of Ywach at certain times.
7Grimmjow solos to show how strong he's gotten.
1to be fair, because of the way his power works I doubt numbers presents much of a problem to him1Bazz-B please leave
5implying riruka isn't gonna fill the spot of momo for being a free impalement device in case shit goes south.
0It seemed like they weren't really zombies though, at least how Mayuri reacted to the whole thing.
5He is a man of grand stature.
So what's up with Aizen now?Did they just leave him in his chair down there, unsupervised?
1Haschwald has a lot of hype since the start of this arc. Cutting ichigo bankai and he hasn't even started fighting yet.
1Yes. Ywach vs Aizen inbound.
1yup, these guys in their haste to deal with the current big bad completely and utterly forgot they accidently left the actual big bad to do as he plases, in the open.b the time they get back all fucked up, the entirety of SS will probably a giant ass superchair that hes sitting in as a throne.
5I think grimmjow will be better fighting against miracle. Askin seems kind of a bad match up.
17Aizen is chained to his chairYwach now stuck to his chair
1Dr Mayuri, you don't get to bring friends
1He's posed a major threat since the beginning. He rekt Ichigo's bankai in one half-assed sword swing, executed Cang Du and BG-9, was personally sent to take down Kyoraku on his own, and it's implied that while Bach sleeps Toofsy holds on to his power. He's almost certainly the strongest quincy other than Bach at this point.
8No. Chair is stuck to him.
5Miracle will be Kenny's fight.
8Could leave at anytime
9For U, the Underbelly
7This. He is the grandmaster of the quincy.
Why do fujoshits like Gin?
3because gin was a bastard almost on par of aizen, and fucking everybody loves aizen.
2Is it bad that I don't really care about seeing kenpachi fighting again?
3He pierced Aizen and gave him aids and took his balls.
2Almost certainly. Probably something like:Askin fights Ichigo's teamMiracle fights Kenny while Maiyuri fucks off to do scienceBazz-B's team fights HaschwaldShinigami are a big enough group they'll probably end up fighting both X-Ray and PernidaIshida will end up fighting his dad when he and Isshin finally show up.
2kenpachi might go full bankai, that would be hype as fuck.
How OP is Kenny at this point anyway?
3Because his voice. Who else would run Arrancar Encyclopedia?
0He always fights at 100% now. So god tier. Solo Ywach worthy.
6but why would he leave such a comfy chair?
5it doesn't help he can cut quite literally anything.actually ywhach would have an absolute shit time fighting kenpachi because of that fact:i'm immune to your powersi cut the concept of that off.well fuck.
0Kenny is overrated.
Anyone else find the power creep is getting a bit retarded?
8He did okay against Mad Monk
1It isn't really that bad.
0Pretty OP. He beat the guy Askin hyped up as one of the strongest sternritter with just his shikai, so if he's also got bankai up his sleeve dude's probably capable of soloing an elite.Also don't forget Bach considered him a war potential.
5Askin fights Ichigo's teamI really hope Yoruichi and Grimmy at least get to fight Askin. yoruichi sword and grimm's segunda etapa incoming
Seems like all roads to the royal palace are closed except Kuukakus cannonwhich means either this battle is going to escape the royal realm or Isshin Hitsugaya Komamura Iba Ryuuken Halibel Mila rose apache sun sun Giriko Tsukishima and Ginjou are going to be on the next trip
0Are we talking after Shikai debut Kenny here?
9yfw he's taking one of the longest shits ever and has to open the door himself
5MFW Bleach ends with Ichigo becoming the new Soul King.
5But I don't want her to die.
0mad monks powers sort of hit the wrong thing though, he hit the wrong powerset and got completely screwed over by that fact.a good portion of bleaches powerlevel shenanigans is basically compatability, mad monk had shit compatability against the quincy king and also fucked up, where as kenpachi who completely shits on concepts and bullshit would just wreck the type of fighter ywhach is.
2The fullbringers, isshin and ryuuken. No one cares about the others.
Wahrwald means true forest, what the fuck is Kubo thinking?Does he just open a german dictionary and pick random words?
2Aizen is going to get tired of waiting and drop the palace down into soul society.
7posting this here since that thread is ded
another filler chapterThis arc won't end before 2017
WSJ was shit this weekHopefully shounen saturday will save it
0I assumed it mean 'war world'.
0Kubo's gonna milk the last arc for all it's worth. Rankings are pretty shit but apparently sales are steady, so no way he's giving up the gravy train until they tank or he's forced to.
9I don't mind it. I wanted to see the remaining bankai anyway.
0I'm glad I get more chapters. I don't want Bleach to end :[
5Yeah probably this. Kubo knows English but can't into German very well, so he probably just looked for a German word that sounded like "War World" and picked it to keep with the Quincy's German motif.
250Pretty sure it's supposed to be Wahrwelt True world
0What the fuck is Araki thinkingDoes he just open an Italian dictionary and pick random words?Don't question the magic.
2i'm still convinced kubo is one of the tripfags for these threads.
6True. We're not going to get Kenny firing off an overpowered spell and having it reversed on him. I'm more interested in what's happening with the rest of the 11th squad tho. Yumichika's powers have been hyped from near the beginning, Ikkaku had such a shit Bankai I can only hope it was incomplete, and I imagine whatever exactly is the deal with and happens with Yachiru is going to define Ken's powers beyond "I can cut you yo"I would like another Kendo lesson too
2Kubo has never cared about his Spanish German or English. He only picks what sounds good.
0Yumichika and ikkaku are irrelevant. Hisagi still haven't revealed his bankai yet.
2True = wahrWar = KriegSo it's probably true world, unless he mixes english with german.
2You guys know they are complaining about a translation fromGerman to Japanese to Chinese sometimes to English then to German right?
0Man, we still haven't found out what happened to Yachiru. Is the hooded Stern Ritter going to have eaten her or something?
7that poseJesus christ.
where the fuck did Hachigen show up from?
1tripfagsNo. On that tho, have the soul king powers given Ywach sunglasses? Like Ichigo's inner Ywach?Cool shades are definitely a recurring theme with powerful dudes.
0Wouldn't his arms be out to his sides if he were posing like JC?
3At the risk of giving Kubo too much credit, it might be a play on the similar sound.As in it's the Quincy's 'true world', but for Yhwach, who thrives on war, it's a 'war world'.
implying Bach used the wrong wordimplying he isn't trying to practice good horticulture and work on a program of reforestation to transform Hueco Mundo from dead desert back to life-filled woodland of soulsTHE SHINIGAMI WHO BRINGS DEATHALSO BRINGS LIFE
2But anon, Yhwach wants peace. War is just the necessary evil to bring about that peace.
WahrweltWahrwaldDoesn't mean, both of them are't proper german. Why is german ALWAYS used wrong in anime and manga?You could make a shitload of money as an advisor for german phrases.
05Shut the fuck off already you faggot.
1Why is german ALWAYS used wrong in anime and manga?Because literally nobody cares about the German language.
2At the risk of giving Kubo too much credit, it might be a play on the similar soundHe's done it before.
9Kenny went shikai and she disappeared. The two are probably related. Barely even Kubo would be she was sword all along. Closer to Max Kubo would be Ken is her imaginary friend given life by her powers. I hope it's good whatever it is.
1No one is going to kill my Liltotto.
9Max Kubo would be Ken is her imaginary friend given life by her powersKubo plz. I know you're lurking, make it so.
so, kenpachi and mayuri took a break to start punching each other?
holy fuck I wish they would wrap this shit already and begin the final arc
4Because literally nobody cares about the German language.Except all the mangaka who used it.
1Mayuri only cares about science while kenpachi is just lazing around.
6What the hell are you talking about? This is the final arc.
1They use it because it sounds cool, not because they care about the language. Same with English or French or literally any other language they throw in there.
1Nono. Think about it for a second. The Shinigami derive their power from black, the Monk uses this, we see the blackness seep out of the soul king when Ywach takes over. The German for black is Schwarz. And of course Schwarzwald is a kind of cake. Ywach is going to make the True Forest Gateau. It is his destiny.
5He's just waiting for Momo to come let him loose.
4They use it because it sounds coolGerman here, no it doesn't.
8dammit this is so insane I think Kubo would do it
3implying
0You're biased because you hear it every day.
Ichigo that excited to see RukiaOh, and Renji too I suppose.
6translation is wrong it's meant to be Wahrwelt, which it was last week, meaning true world.I get your reference though
0At least he set up some battles so next chapter will probably be 50% grimjaw trash talk and attacks, and maybe 50% of every body else making 3 step in their personal plot.Can't wait for Kenpachi + hanatarou raping shit up thanks to hanatarou's fucking broken power.
8made my mouth water
4Again, it is because they are nazis.
8The thing I found more amusing was how the fuck did Yoruichi know her brother tried to do the exact same thing Ichigo tried to do.
2The only people you listed strong enough to make a difference up there are Ryuuken, Isshin, IceShota, and maybe the Full-bringers. But I doubt we'll be seeing Hitsugaya unless Kubo has the Warwhelt crash down to the ground. Harribel's hoes would've come along with Grimm and Nel if Kubo was gonna have them help out, and Harribel herself is either dead in the ruble of the Vandenreich palace, or SK-Yhwach brought her up to the RR for when he gets bored.
4Living with him for so many years i guess she knows how clumsy her brother This chapter though. It was so funny. I do hope we get more humor like this before the serious battles start.
6Iceshota is worthless right now.
I liked the pacing in this chapter, it covered nearly all the players.Bravo Kubo, you're looking less lazy this week.dat jab at IchigoBased Chad
3What is wasWas is warWar is kriegThey're incredibly annoying when you begin German as an English speaker.
Is best girl gonna get killed by Hashbrown? I hope not.
5I hope not. ;_;
5I know, Liltotto can't die.
4They use it because all their medical journals and shit are in German. Kind of like Americas being in Latin.
5I'm sure they will lose as we need to see what the Elite Quincy can do. Perhaps some of them may survive.
3Well I don't really care about Lili or anything.
02017Thats pretty optimistic anon. We have the entire squad of captains running around and then theres ichigos crew and some arrancar and some fullbringers.Also we will probably get another inner world powerup arc before Ichigo will face Bach for the final time.All the Sternritters are probably now powerful as fuck with several stages of bullshit power ups and once they die Bach gets all their bullshit powers back.Remember Winter War? Remember Deicide Which was half a year on its own? Take that times 2 and you might get a decent estimate for the remaining time for this arc.
5Jesus christ they couldn't even try and make it more exciting...
4Iceshota is worthless right now.I ain't gonna disagree with that, but besides the obvious FatherTeam and Full-bringers, he's the only one viable to use in battle compared to the others that anon listed.
6Well you should you ungrateful piece of shit, Liltotto saved your sorry ass.
0Implying I needed saving.
0was worth it for the kenpachi / mayuri scene and for the fact that they just left aizen in the open.
GIGI NOLILTOTTO WAITNOFUCK YOUR GRUDGE, BUZZ-BSTAY AWAY FROM HASCHWALTHNOOOO
6Yes you fucking jobber.
4they will attack, get raped, then the Xcusion will save them.
The dead fullbringers which he teased returning like years ago, still need to show up again, right?
5SEGUNDA ETAPA
7Kon, because he's immune to poison
So, how long till Haschwalth becomes true final boss?
7Gigi and Riruka in the same place? Yes please!Actually, I wanna see Riruka and Loly fighting over Orihime.
3So, what hapened to all of Kurotsuchi's zombies?
5Wahrwald means true forest.
5tumblrGo back there and stay there
3Reminds of the ending of this:
6mangastream translated it as that last week, I guess we can trust them more than the chinese child translators of manga panda.
4implying they all won't be hanging out at ichigos clinic when this is all over
5Let's guess pairings.Askin  ICHIGO'SHaschwalt  QUINCIESValkyrie  ? I'm guessing Zaraki's groupPernida  ? probably Shinji cause his Bankai's gonna be weirdLille  ? Byakuya maybe?Uryu  ? anything goes but it would be fun if he has to kill some good guy to prove its allignement
8Uryu and Mayuri.
1That'd be awesome. I hope KUBO lurks here
5hi
1I want this. I want Uryu to kill Mayuri
8I don't think ichigo will be fighting against askin. He will move on and face ishida.
5This is a blue board.Please refrain from typing out such vulgar language in the future.
0pussy ass bitch tumblrina gets triggeredI get baitedlife goes on as usual
1I wonder what's going through Haschwald head.
5PLEASE HAVE CHAD DO SOMETHING USEFUL KUBO-SAMA.
9WAREWARE NO WAHRWALD
8I have to admit, I would have pegged Askin for going up against Mayuri before this chapter.It's probably going to be Pernida, then. Mayuri tends to get the weirder ones.
is ukitake just dead now
8Shinji would work for both Pernida and Lillie, but I think Lilie would be a better choice, as Shinji's Bankai could easily be him controlling the directions, senses, and even landscape of everything in his reiatsu range. For example, Pernida can probably be delt with by someone who can attack outta its range, unlike Lillie who's ability is about hitting any target no matter what.
8Will Kubo ever reveal what the K and N did? Will he remember Shaz Domino?
5Mayuri already has a fight in this arc. Don't need for him to fight again.
1It is then revealed that it was Mayuris plan all along to get revenge on Ishida for beating him way back then.
6That's provided shinji isn't used as a punching bag again.
7Lots of characters got fights this arc, but they're up there all the same.
When are the fathers coming into play?
9Cause we know something is going to come of it.
93We also need to find out more about Uryu's grandpa
665I want to share a bed with Gigi-chan! ;_;
5Where's Aizen?
9Isshin and Ryuuken will blast in via Kukkaku's cannon dragging the FBer's along landing right I front of Yhwach and Hasch just as the turncoats are gonna be killed.
7Dr. Kurotsuchi, I'm Sternritter.
2oh, these fucks are still alive. Better go kill them to feed the boss
3That's provided shinji isn't used as a punching bag again.Oh no~ Shinji will absolutely be used as a punching bag again, but his Bankai will his one great moment where he gets to do something cool for once before he passes out from blood loss.
Show us Urahara's bankai, you bastard. You're not getting out of this arc without doing it and you know it.
2he has a lifeless ukitake to keep him company
5They also have to show Kyoraku's. And Love's I guess.I don't know if we'll ever see Ukitake's
3i'm pretty sure he wasn't trying at all in his first fight I mean he just pretended to be dead after the first hit, the fact he could take a hit at all makes him different than the rest of his group.also he says here that the reason that ywach recruited him in the first place was that he couldn't die so apparently his immortality has nothing to do with his letter. He's probably just a very effective distraction
7Since you're dead, want me to tell you a secret Ukitake?I've just been making things up as I went along.My objective was "become God", but I was missing all the other stepsI wasn't responsible fo Ichigo gaining all his power-ups and fights, I just took credit for them after the fact. I had no idea what to do with the Hogyoku, I just hoped it would work.I was really lucky the Hogyoku gave me all those powers, I would have been fucked otherwiseI didn't know how to reach the Soul Palace and overthrow the Soul King, I was hoping I would find out eventuallyI was genuinely interested in Orihime's powers, but once I realized I didn't know what to do with them and myattempts at getting her to join me failed, I pretended it was all part of my plan to get Ichigo here, I didn't expect the Shinigami to send anyone else, I just took credit for dividing their forcesUrahara really is smarter than meThe only thing I ever actually planned was the Rukia execution, which is why it was so sloppy, that's when i decided never to plan anything ever againI didn't actually expect Gin to betray me, I just pretended I didI actually like being in this chair, if I were released I wouldn't know what to do anymore
9i still dont get his power. my nigger brain cant comprehend it. please explain it to me.
why are all these fucks like chad acting like tough shit around ichigo?do they not realize how useless they are?
0You got that all from here, didn't you?
9Better base ablilties like projectiles or some shit.
7Because they are his friends.
4he can make any substance lethal basically and for some reason unrelated to his letter power he can't die or is at least very durable
9Would his powers work on someone like Kon?
1how does he make it lethal? like how did he do it with that one black guy
4Looks like it's time for Kon to show off his new body
7he has to consume it hence why he was drinking his own blood. it makes his own blood lethal as well but it doesn't matter because he's immortal apparently immortal anyways, he got hit after that and stayed down but he could have been pretending to be dead
3Why is Nemu so perfect?
4He can alter the lethal dose of anything, including the lethal dose of getting fucked in the face by a sword, which is why he can't die.
4ohhh i get it now. so he has to consume whatever it is he wants to be lethal first. I was confused on how he inflicted it on the black guy
5So is Ishida's whole schtick just standing around and being sad?
2he's going to fight ichigo and die like a punk
4Ishida dying
1So obviously you poison the fucker Mayuri's superman poison could prob take him seeing how it doesn't kill you
Why is the necromancer trap still alive?
2actually poison is the worst way to fight him, he can increase or lower the lethal dose of any substance in his body he's also probably really strong physically, I mean before the upgrades he was still the only of his group able to see the sword niggas attacks
6I do too!I want Gigi to hug me from behind!This is totally not cropped from a lewd image!
9Because she's best girl, of course.
5Outright poisoning him isn't probably what Mayuri would do. Just look at the Szayel Aporro guy. He's not really killed by Mayuri's poison. Mayuri would probably make some shit that would force Mr. Lethal Dose to accept the lethal dose.
So Aizen is now just chilling in suspended time ? Sure would be nice if there was someone who could manipulate time and teleport him to any desired location.
5what's the chance of him or those kids showing up again
5girlAnon...
3They will be deployed from pokeballs.
5Mayuri's posion doesn't kill you or at least the one he used in MexicoIts like steroids had sex with meth and crack at the same time
1implying implications
6Either he is being kept back as a plot device to introduce the 2 fathers or he just won't show up.Again dude is too strong.
1oh yeah he could teleport in with isshin and whoever wants to come with
5PORN WHEN?!
3All the elite sternritter got a powerup after their first fight.
6Never
Whatever happened to Tessai? Kubo forget about him too?
5its been implied many times that she is not a girl, she is a crossdresser/shemale. in otherwords she has a dick, which is ok with me.
7PORNORNWHENHEN
Some Fairy Tail level PIS is gonna happen next chapter if Askin doesnt slaughter everyone who isnt a captain or Ichigo.
7There's a few images but disappointingly few.pixiv tag. There's a few of Gigi x Bambi.
7get your hopes up, u will be dissapointed.
4Nel and grimmjow are definitely captain level, and yoruichis there.But odds are orihime will block whatever he does.
4I've felt since the start, when he randomly got added to the elite squad after running away from mayuri that he had some sort of role to play.I really hope he's not just going to job to chad or something
3Why the fuck are these arrancars still alive?
1nel never died/was fatally wounded and grimmjow fags kept crying to get there husbanu back.
1I'm still waiting for Gatenbainne Mosqueda the privaron espada that Chad beat to show up, since he's alive as well
Yuushirou is on the verge of tears wanting to reunite with his sisterIchigo is on the same wavelength as himimplications
19btw, that black arrancar with the gigantic boobs is also still alive.she was last seen chained up in a quincy dungeon getting butt raped, but still alive.only a matter of time before she shows up.
9All the arrancars should have died before the postskip. Grimmjoww is an insect to even fucking Bambietta.
4how often does yuushirou get molested
9Probably as often as that parakeet boy got trickedIf you put on this skirt and this bra, your sister will definitely come visit you soonerREALLY? YOU'RE THE GREATEST ANON
1They're not sad. It's reverence and duty. They're all basically royalty now and must act as such.They're "sad" in the same way Byakuya is always sad.
1plot armor. he trained during that entire time and is now on par with the other fodder quincies.you should expect this by now.
WHERE THE FUCK IS RYUUKEN THIS PISSES ME OFF SO MUCH OH MY GOD THIS IS THE -ONE- FUCKING ARC WHERE HE COULD BE RELEVANT BUT NOOOOOOOO FUCK YOU KUBO FUCK YOUUUU
8muh trainingDude the gap between Bambi and Grimmy is like the gap between Android 18 and Saiyan Sage Vegeta
0he is no longer involved with the quincies or anything they do in soul society. he will only show himself if this war moves to the real world more than likely.or he will show up at the very end in the final fights.
0he will be there for the ishida vs ichigo fight or fight ishida beforehand
4and vageta went into the hyperbolic time chamber and was now suddenly able to man handle 18 if they ever fought.training. also the gap isnt THAT big seeing as how he fucked up ichigo pretty good.
4This Kubo were talking about Anon. We'll probably see Grimmjow and Nelliel tag team Askin over the course of 5 chapters and destroy him while we all rage. So just sit back and enjoy the ride as best as you can or you're gonna be disappointed even more tha you already are.
9BECUZ HES A FUCKING SAIYAN WITH ZENKAIalso the gap isnt THAT big seeing as how he fucked up ichigo pretty good.Wait you really think Postskip Ichigo is as strong as Preskip Ichigo?Holy shit you are dumb, Preskip Ichigo was completely nerfed by Yhwach pretending to be zangetsu, while postskip Ichigo is much stronger and can use his shinigami powers much more. Bambi isnt fodder since shes a sternritter and only lose because of PIS. The quincies in this arch would kill Stark in FTK arc with their fingers thats how strong they are, the mere fact Gordon almost killed Shunsui puts him above Stark big time. May I remind you that the top quincies actually fought about RG who are stronger than Yamamoto so Grimmjoww having any chance here is absolute PIS. Even fucking Gigi and Liltotto are stronger than his ass thats how strong the quincies are.
Askin is going to job to Grimmjow and Nel, showcasing their hollow advantage. Then Nel and Grimmjow will job later.
1loyal sternritterI think you mean "sternritter that Bach didn't throw away" there's a pretty big difference there
What is the "door of the sun" Some Shinigami anti-hollow artefact that stayed intact during Yhwach's remodelling?
Holy fuck I just want this shit to endI feel like a slave to bleach
0Kubo here.Ryuuken is actually Haschwalth.
9If he inherited ALL the powers, does he have all the old letter powers too?Like he is also A being the last living quincy left.
1Have fun being a slave for another 5 years. Bet hes going to end it when we hit 2020
5Nah. Askins base formwill job to Grimmjow. Then he will show a power up and Grimmjow will job. Then Nel will job him for a bit until he reveals the new special ability of his power up form and then Nel will job.Then the other guys from crew ichigo will take over and blablabla Askin reveals a 3rd form blablabla jobbing Askin reveals a 4th form and then gets one hitted by ichigo.These events will span the next year.
9I'll put money on them being brothers or something.
7he will only show himself if this war moves to the real world more than likely.Didn't they get tremors in the real world?He'll presumably turn up with Ichigo's underpowered friends 9 ne of whom absolutely has no idea what's going on and doesn't really recognise the new Captain Commander HaHa
6No he's Mongul, the Discount Darkseid
Where is the fat monk?
It's out!
9Thanks Sherlock
5The door/gate of the sun is the Quincy transportation system. So basically the turncoats used that to get directly to the top of the white city faster than shingami could.
Gate to the SunReminiscent of an Aztec templeIchigo is the Black SunIchigo is actually walking into a trap that will sacrifice him for Yhwachs agenda, as Ichigo is the fated sacrificeJust as planned
2He is controlling the darkside of Aizens crescent moon which will become the "door to the sun"
Huh. Mangastream TL is quite different.
what does the gate of the sun mean? can any lorefags shed some light on this?
6Beats me.
0Yhwach is the soul king so the universe is fine for now.
3and then ishida revealed he joined the quincies to kill mayuri and that he had already staked his pride on it.Also he is getting revenge for cirucci
1Sojun Kuchiki much?
6if gigi is a zombie who controls zombies then who is controlling gigi?
3when in doubtaizen
3Gigi is controlled by her penis.
This was actually a pretty good / funny chapter. I'm satisfied.
I love that Kubo drew Rabu wearing his tracksuit under his shihakusho
4
7Pre-Crisis Mongul was stronger than Superman.
6mfw this comment
3I have no objection to a jizzelle poster now.
5fucking 2spooky5mewhat the fuck kind of face is that?
God damn it, Kubo. Why would you take Meninas from us like this?
9
3I need to amass and label a bunch of Gigi faces for reaction images.
9Isn't that just her head piece?
3God I loved that page. I liked Mangastream's better though.
5She's not dead, just out of action for now.
7nah, thats her true face
6Obviously she's not dead, that's what it's disappointing that she's been totally written out of the plot.
8We don't fully know Liltotto's powers though, so she may bring her back somehow.
3Mangastream's translation was 100x better this week.
946It's her hat, silly.
0Kubo's back to aztec mythologiefugg
6Pernida likely doesn't have a range limit, since it distorted Shutara's giant henchmen from afar. Not to mention the powerboost it got from Yhwach.You just to beat it fast enough.
4Are you Zaraki
5Would Bleach be better if it was a Seinen?How would you feel if Bleach ended with Ichigo becoming the new Soul King.
0The lintel is carved with 48 squares surrounding a central figure. Each square represents a character in the form of winged effigy. There are 32 effigies with human faces and 16 with condor's heads. How many Sternritter were there?
2Would Bleach be better if it was a Seinen?Bleach would be 10x more enjoyable. I think the pacing wouldn't suffer as much either.How would you feel if Bleach ended with Ichigo becoming the new Soul King.That would be easily one of the top five worst endings.
9I want to Liltotto's bare legs and arms.
5Well, considering the glowing eyes that Kubo gave to Pernida's design, I wouldn't be to surprised if it needs to see the target to use its power on them. And Shutara's giant wasn't that far from the elites since Yhwach summoned them from his shadow when Shutara was right in front of him.So, I think Pernida's power is linked to its visual range and won't be able to attack without seeing the target.
6That would be easily one of the top five worst endings.Would you be surprised if that happened?
3But anon what if those aren't real eyes and it simply scans the area around it to see everything.
8yfw kubo said the enemies would increase in number
9sorry
9I'd be surprised because I'm trying to delude myself in thinking it won't happen.I mean, it would make sense considering he's part everything, but it still would be fucking retarded.
6Well it's that or Pernida is Ichigo's mom and that wouldn't make sense.
 It is a figure of a man with the head surrounded by 24 linear rays that may represent rays of solar light. The styled staffs held by the figure apparently symbolize thunder and lightning. Some historians and archaeologists believe that the central figure represents the “Sun God” judging by the rays emitted from its head, while others have identified it with the Inca god Viracocha.According to a myth recorded by Juan de Betanzos,[4] Viracocha rose from Lake Titicaca or sometimes the cave of Paqariq Tampu during the time of darkness to bring forth light.[5] He made the sun, moon, and the stars. He made mankind by breathing into stones, but his first creation were brainless giants that displeased him. So he destroyed it with a flood and made a new, better one from smaller stones.[6] Viracocha eventually disappeared across the Pacific Ocean by walking on the water, and never returned. He wandered the earth disguised as a beggar, teaching his new creations the basics of civilization, as well as working numerous miracles. He wept when he saw the plight of the creatures he had created.[citation needed] It was thought that Viracocha would re-appear in times of trouble. Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa noted that Viracocha was described as "a man of medium height, white and dressed in a white robe like an alb secured round the waist, and that he carried a staff and a book in his hands."[7]
anyone else want Askinn to rek shit?
9Not me. I don't really like him. He looks like a faggot and I don't like weird powers.I'm hyped for Miracle.
9I think he's just ASKINN to get his ass KICKED
2The past 10 chapters have been filler, making that useless castle and adding a lot of secondary characters doesn't mean the plot if moving forward.
3at the end of the day it doesnt matter what the fuck you think. grimmjow is back and he is captain level and apprently stronger than most of the 2 bit quincies right now. fucking deal with it.
5yfw gerard is Tyr and not Thor
4It's about setting up the battlefield. Setting up the castle and removing the ability to make footholds has completely changed everything. It's like the Soul Society arc again except now the Shinigami are the Ryoka, invading Quincy territory.
8wouldve killed sword negro had tenjiro not been aroundpussy
1Just because people fight earlier doesnt always mean they are weak.Grimmjow is easily captain tier, and he has trained. Same for Nel.And Bambi was pretty OP, she had to be defeated by someone literally immortal.
1sword negroKek
0...W-Would that make Rukia the white moon sacrifice then?
5pls kubo
5RIP in pieces
5I'm not sure if Aztecs, or anyone else for that matter, sacrificed for the moon to keep traveling.
8
6Since when were you under impression that letters in alphabet go from a to z?Also waiting for uppercase Sternritter.
8
why is the author trying so hard to make the quincies into nazi clones?
3I'd be terrified do. In Bleach, people only get up behind you to cut you.Kurotsuchi and Zaraki team upIt's only now I realize how much they have in common. And they both seem happy about it because they have a mutual understanding that neither will get in each others way for seeking out their personal endeavors.
2amazing team. science and pure power. who could beat them? here comes the juxtaposition...
1captain levelLike that even implies shitGrimmjow better fucking die soon or I will break my computer screen and start fucking screaming.
1I will break my computer screen and start fucking screamingWell, Anon-kun I don't know what tell you other than to buy a new monitor so you can replace the one you're gonna break soon.
mfw kubo brought grimmjow back so he can get obliterated trying to get revenge on aizen
2why do you read this shit
5aizen
what if this guy is the guy that shows how serious shit has gotten and fucks ichigos group up?I mean nobody considers him a threat, his power is retarded, he played dead/ran away from his other fights but at the same time he's clearly the strongest of the royal ritters.
0He might. The rebel quincies might beat Haschwald and Askin will have to retreat to the palace after gaining the upper hand in his fights
0could be. hes down to earth and likeable. this means hes going to be a monster.
03would you say this is how his power works?The Deathdealing 致死量 ザ・デスディーリング, Za Desudīringu; Japanese for "Lethal Dose": Askin can perfectly calculate the "absolute lethal dose" of any substance he consumes - the amount that will cause death without fail - and raise or lower that value as he sees fit. By consuming blood, he can increase the lethal dosage of the blood in his opponent's body, thus making it fatal to them.
0What are you talking about? His power is hax as hell.I personally feel like Pernida is the most dangerous. Her power isn't exactly something you can block or see coming. Then again, so is Askin's.
5all these loser flags
0Same goes for X axis actually. The elites really are ridiculous.Except for Thor quincy, he's barely done anything.
I thought Bazz B and those sluts lost their powers.
5that he consumesNow that's a bit of a stretch.Besides, he's decreasing the lethal dose, not increasing it.
8We don't even know what his Miracle power is, so expect another OP skill
0well pre upgrade he was the only one able to dodge the swordsmiths attacks, everyone else got slaughtered. I think his regular strength not counting the letter is enough to deal with any one in ichigos group, unless they have somehow become zero squad tier.
From the wikipedia page on valkyries:In Norse mythology, a valkyrie from Old Norse valkyrja "chooser of the slain" is one of a host of female figures who choose those who may die in battle and those who may live. Selecting among half of those who die in battle the other half go to the goddess Freyja's afterlife field Fólkvangr, the valkyries bring their chosen to the afterlife hall of the slain, Valhalla, ruled over by the god Odin.
9we know this already. also pic related for everyones enjoyment
5Aizen's chair is pretty amazingIt has the ability to be positioned correctly in the most dramatic spot every time even though Aizen himself can barely move
9his miracle will probably be the ability of valhalla. where the strongest warriors fight to the death and drink and feast only to return to life the next day
0that's beyond even kubo levels of retarded
4expect him to have at least on resurrection
81**
8it's probably something dumb like he gets the best out come of any situation no matter the odds so you' d need to hit him with something that there was 0% chance of him avoiding or you missing
2so some kind of inverted Jackpot Knuckle?
6yup, just a 100 times more broken. Ken would make a good opponent against that power
3Still the number 1 reason to not have dropped this.1And then he teams up with the other number 1 reason.Hell, this is going to be good.
So what are people expecting from these match ups? I'm thinking Ganju gets The D, Orihime gets The C, Chad gets The M, and Yoruichi gets The X.
6Chad and OrihimeDoing anythingAt this point I'm even less surprised that you mentioned Ganju.
6Just Askin is going to fight the entire ichigo group. there's no way he wasn't sent there on purpose, the other letters will fight ken&crew
6Also don't forget sudden and unexpected appearance of 0 Division as bad guys.
6ganju getting The D...doujins incoming. But yeah Askinn would rek him. i cant see ganju surviving this final battle.
6we all know how these generic shonen fight structures work, if the heroes outnumber the villains, for each solo villain that gets in the way, the weakest hero steps forward, says "i'll handle this, you guys go on ahead" and then fights to a respectable stalemate or a drawnout victory.
, 
You wouldn't fuck brainwashed rock!Sengoku Youko ch69 thread
, 
, 
, 
Previous thread, 1ITT: We discuss Monet for nakama and other inevitabilities.
First for Final Dong
No Franky and Senor Pink Having A Manlytearfest after Doffy's defeat.
3Anon, you spelled Barto wrong
I wonder how many members of Doffy's crew are truly loyal to him, and how many will be relieved when he's defeated?
I can't wait for the Monet and Vergo cover story to happen. All those people who honestly thought Monet and Vergo actually died are complete morons.
6Franky and Senor Pink will never drink beer with each other and tell stories about friends and good fights they hadWhy.
9Did you see Monet, Vergo and Birami? They were fucking willing to give their lifes for the guy, So my guess is everyone will stick to Doffy's dick, except the cheating whore of Baby 5
Monet and Sis should join togheter
6What if Doffy tells her he needs her.
I hope bellamy doesn't join the crew. He should follow barto or something.
So we can all agree Oda got OCD concerning chapter numbers?
7"I'm sorry Doffy-Sama, but I have a wedding to plan."And then she shoots him through the head.
Monet isn't deadPost YFW you realized Kuina was still alive.
2Barto's a fleet captain. Jinbei Monet and two others are gonna be part of the crew.We get four crewmates every ocean, and an increasing number of temp crewmates in the middle.One guy.One girl who joins the crew proper at a later date, who is seen during the time they pick up the temp crewmates.One ship-upgrader.And one guy in a position Luffy wanted from the start.And they all have two syllable names.East Blue:Zoro's the guy.Nami's the girl, seen when Luffy gets Coby.Usopp brought the Going Merry.And Sanji's the cook Luffy wanted.Grand Line.Chopper's the guy.Robin's the girl, seen when they pick up Vivi and Carue.Franky made Thousand Sunny.And Brook's the musician.New World.Jinbei's the guy.Monet's the girl, seen when they pick up Law, Momo and Kine'mon.The third guy has not been revealed, but he'll upgrade the ship.And the fourth will probably be a dancer or something else indulgent. Hopefully this is when Bon Clay comes back.
3Bellamy will join Bartos Luffy fan club. Also known as the Barto club
Soon.
5Just kill Bellamy already
5Did we get any word of the 7th chichibukai?
3Monet for nakamaI want this. My dick wants this too
6Implying Moria's not gonna come back with the corpse of Kuina using her father's shadow
9
8Poetry, /a/non
yfw it's confirmed that Luffy died here and everything we saw after it is his post mortem dream
Doffy gets one shot next chapterThe chapter actually confirmed it
5implying Kaidou won't just be this guyI don't just mean look like him, I mean just entirely BE this guy
5Chapter confirmed one KongBut what about Pistoru?
The final kong begins
How are they even going to party after beating Doffy without half the crew there?
Kong
Im so tired of this filler bullshit. no chapter time ebin
8Kong
Hakan confirmed for manWell okay.
one piece is shit
1
2You thought they were dead though, right? They were only revealed to be alive when the arc was closing. I'd say it did a good enough job of what it was supposed to when it mattered. It's standard affair for people to "die" in One Piece anyway. Usopp stabbed by Nami, Pell, Ganfall, Pagaya, everyone that wasn't a SH in Enies Lobby, Bon Clay twice
31I swear that translation error had to be on purpose.
To the anon from the previous thread:implying Luffy knew who his father wasNigga didn't even know he had a father.
0I forgot how awful early scans were.
mfw Doffy's heart and body give up before Luffy even connects the final Dong
HE HAS NO STYLEHAS NO ACETHIS KONG HAS A BOUNCY BASEHE'S MADE OF RUBBERHE'LL DEFLECT YOUR STRINGSHE'S THE LEADER OF THE STRAW HAT CREWL.K.LUFFY KONGL.K.LUFFY KONGHE'S BOUNCYHE CUMS IN SPURTSGRAB YOUR STRINGSTAKE YOUR NOBILITYAND MAKE YOUR STING
8HE REPOSTSAS FAST AS HE CANHUH
8HE HAS NO STYLEHE HAS NO ACETHIS KONG HAS A BOUNCY BASEHES THE CAPTAIN OF THE STRAW HAT CREW HE'S LK LUFFY KONGL.K.LUFFY KONGHE'LL PULL YOUR STRINGSMAKE YOU FALLSEND YOU CRASHININTO A WALLHE'LL BUFF YOUR ATTACKSBAZOOKA YOUR CHESTHE'LL MAKE DRESSROSAHIS OWN NESTHE'S L.KLUFFY KONGL.K.LUFFY KONG
8HE CAN HAND STAND JUST FOR YOUINFLATE HIMSELFJUST LIKE A BALLON
9Both of them get healed by Dwarf PrincessFight for a whileBoth KO'd when the healing effect wears off.
Fucking nothing chapterBreak next week
8He has no Aceonly worthwhile part of this post
86Is this a new maymay?
0I think other anon just said it in last thread, if this chapter wouldn't happenned. You'll be complaining: "Why is Violet with Doffy now? Why is Rebecca trying to kill her? Did Luffy just recovered offscreen? How did all people realize that Lucy is Luffy? Goddamn Oda is a hack!"You'll complain about everything.
01Please use an anime image!Thank you!
8Never forget people.HARPY MonetActed as scout and lookout for CCOn the main mast of old pirate ships was a place called the crow's nest.Crow's nest was where lookouts were stationed until the invention of radars.Lookouts were cooperating with NavigatorsAt times of poor visibility, they released a bird and the Navigator plotted the course according to it's flight pathThousand Sunny's Crow's Nest has an Astro TelescopeMonet was shown possessing books on Astronavigation when she was writing in PH.
2All that shit could be been fit in to a few pages with the rest of the chapter having something interesting but instead we get to watch Zoro and Franky push the birdcage some more.
8Jesus Christ. One Piece is not a science, people. It's one thing to draw parallels between, for instance, Alabasta and Dressrosa, but don't go overboard.
18Jinbei becomes the Strawhats naval weaponMonet takes care of the skiesBart takes care of the Sunny's defense.
Doffy confirmed for One hit KOwho else is ready for doffyfags getting BTFO again
2Bart takes care of the Sunny's defense.Sunny Robo Just got a giant shield.
2skiesBut Sanji finally became useful again.
0He now has wings, and teaches Monet to Sky Walk While she's flying with himSanjixMonet when?
Monet won't join, you doofuses. Even if she's alive.
Stop pushing that Monet is alive. Vergo has a better chance of surviving
6But /a/non...
GODZILLA VS KING KONG
7Sanji and Monet having sex in mid airEvery time she jumps up, he digs deeper into her
next potential nakama dresseosa edition:god tierviola/violet betrayed the kingdom, cant stay thereok tierbarto total brokyuros cool guy but unlikely to leave because of the kingdom loyaltywicca itd be cute but why would she leaveseñor pink another bro but probably still loyal to doflashit tierrebecca shes good for nothing on the crew and doesnt even fight
0Implying it's not weird to think someone stabbed on the heart isn't dead
9It will be a dream forever. Forever and ever, just a man's dream. Long after One Piece has ended, it will remain a dream. A dream that will never die.
5ゴジラ Gojira VS ドンキーコング Donkii KonguWhere do you think we are?
1Yeah because it's not weird for weak ass bird guard to survive a nuke at point blank range.
4Can't think of any of them joining the crew. Family will stay on Dressrosa and rebuild it and Barto's probably just gonna be under Luffy's command. Same with possibly Señor Pink and most of the colloseum fighers.
Anyone else hope kinemon comes back to join the crew?
0I'm not a Monet fan and I think she's dead, but she could've survived the nuke by flying or getting hersekf inside a snow ball like she did with Luffy. I mean Pell survived.
6True, but I think even Oda admitted, it was a bad decision.
6Robin was fatally poisoned and Luffy wasn't shown saving her until she joined the crew. It has nothing to do il with "if" Monet is alive, she is, she's gonna join because she mirrors Robin in a saga that mirrors Alabasta.
23 new members joining at once.I don't think Oda is that based.I would be cool with Monet living somehow and she stows away after Jimbei joins up
6She isn't dead mate. Oda doesn't kill no One Piece.inb4 Ace and WhitebeardYes those characters are the only one to die and that was simply to progress Luffy as a character. Other than that no one in OP has died other than in a flashback or if yo're Ace and Whitebeard.
6A nuke isn't the problem, the problem is she got stabbed in the fucking heart
0Luffy wasn't shown saving her until she joined the crew.But we saw Luffy carrying Robin and King Cobra.
5Uh, fuck no. We don't need a fourth swordsman Zoro, Brook, Law and one with a shitty gimmick.
4I think I like the idea of Wicca joining the most. Love me some tiny bossy waifu.VioletI don't want Violet to join. Just to think she'll be all loveydovey with Sanji all the time makes me barf. BartoBarto is a bro, but in chapter 773, he proclaimed he wasn't strong enough to stand by Luffy's side. Senor PinkLike hell he's going to join a crew full of brats suck suck. They should find nakama their own age.RebeccaIf we ever needed a ship whore, then maybe.
4Bellamy got stabbed as well and looked at how that turned out.
4Mind to take a look back and remember all the fucking people that got stabbed and survived?
3Shit are people really against sanjii having good things happen to him?
4the problem is she got stabbed in the fucking heartNot really, cause she's a Logia. A random stab to the heart by Ceasar couldn't possibly kill her which is why she's alive.
4'Avalanche Angel' Monet and 'Demon Leg' SanjiDouble bountyImage is a picture of Drip sellotaped to a picture of Monet.Sanji takes it as well as you might think.
0Not everything has to mirror Alabasta! What's next? The toys mirror the rain? Ucy mirrors Eyelashes? The gladiators mirror the super spot-billed duck squad?
4I'm the guy you replied to, I said Ibelive she was dead because the problem is she was STABBED and inside a NUKE EXPLOSION at the same time.It was like Oda made clear she was dead.
3Mmm... Rebecca as the ship whore... it's got some interesting possibilities.I mean what? No, that's uh... terrible.
5Been a while but wasn't that only shown in flashback when Robin joined the crew as an explanation for why she was on the boat?
3You mean the fart talking skill?AlsoWhere do people infer from that Monet will join?I mean I get it you guys like tsundere bitches and maybe she didn't die despite getting stabbed in the heart on screen, but still, why would she join?
Oda literally says he's going to make Doflamingo get one-shottedI'm I the only one who doesn't like this Doflamingo fight?
1No, I'm not. Having somebody waiting for him might even fix him. But girly romance gets in the way of manly romance. She can be Sanji's Kaya. They can get together when the strawhats find One Piece.
3one shottedWell once your enemys remaining hp is only 1, "one-shotting" isn't that hard anymore.
3When OP get good vidya again?
3luffy punches doflahe doesnt diegear 4 gattlingstill doesnt dieDofla just standing there smilingbird cage closes and kills everyoneShot of other strawhat crew on sunny right after asking for permission to attack big momthey explode to cannon fire immediatelyone piece bad enddoflamingo wins
9Blood gushed out so it did damage.
6I cant be the only one wondering how a regular icicle pierced Monet's superhuman durable heart right?RIGHT?
9Smoker is a logia too and Caesar thought he was stabbing his heart.
6Is he using an ice pick to stab the heart?
0Usopp just snipes him from across the city, securing the win.He is forever known as god Usopp.
8Would be great, but then again aside of being unlikely, it certainly wouldn't happen after a "hype building" chapter like this one.
6And White Beard had his heart blown out and half his head melted off. what you gettin at nigga?
6But then in the next panel, the icicle's lodged into the ground, separate of the heart. And there's no blood.Either Ceasar pulled the icicle out of the heart, then jabbed it into the ground again, and somehow cleaned up the blood and only THEN passed out... or Monet did something to survive.
3she's dead, m8
6What I'm saying is...Monet is alive
3And God Usoland gets a higher bounty.
7Keep dreaming
7No man. Think about Kyros's feeling. You don't want to do that to Kyros. He's so concerned about her innocence, he'ld never let her get laid.
9I'm using a mango picture FUCK YOU!!!!!!!
3I don't know why he's shoving that down our throats. If that was the case, the gladiators like Rebecca should be even more enthusiastic about landing the finishing blow themselves. The whole island should be thinking 'only Luffy can finish Dofla' not 'one-shot is all it takes'.Anyways, Oda will probably drag it out the whole chapter with Doflamingo dodging/blocking everything expect the finishing blow. Hell, the way his shitty pacing is these days it might even spill over into a second chapter.
6Maybe Pink would left him. He kept the secret about Lucian, and technically let Franky to beat him.
I hope the any can do ear 4th rightI really want to see bouncy luffy animated
4Laws ability probably nullifies logia maybe? Maybe the cube is haki based. Smoker was down like a bitch too when it was squeezed
3The Final Dong begins
43OK, I can agree with you. But if she would join doesn't that mean that Sugar join too? Because I doubt she would let alone her little sister.inb4 she left her when moved to PH. yep, but she let her by Doffy
swords with haki can cut buggy?
post rebecca
3Luffy is still rubber vs haki.
8name of doujin?
3No. As shown when Mihawk couldn't do shit against Buggy during Marineford arc.
8Still prefer Voyage.
2Nami left her sister too
3yfw Goddo Usopp´s reaches 100M of Berri
7We don't know if he used haki. I think he didn'T because it would be pointless, since he could cut Luffy without haki.
3Why would Mihawk ever not use haki, especially when failing to hurt Buggy?
9Stay away you bitch! Kaya is the only one who deserves Usopp.
Luffy looks pissed
1If you look at the perspective of the other page showing Caesar stabbing it the blood is pouring out the side we can't see on your page.Also after being stabbed by a sharp object like that it is worse for it to be removed leaving a gaping hole in her heart for the blood to flow out from.
9She had god-tier reactions everytime she saw the SH doing their crazy shit.Im expecting her to do an ahegao when Luffy K.O Doffy.5Doffy´s face tho.Nigga just can laugh now.
9Nigga just can laugh now.Thats all he can really doDeep down he knows its all over for him.He'll try to use a flashy technique but it won't work
5To me Luffy has been looking pretty fucking pissed since his fight against Bellamy.His eyes and his veins, fucking look at them. He really wants to kick Doffy's shit in.
5Why doesnt Doflamingo Bullet string his ass already?
9Do you think Usopp will have the biggest fanbase after OP ends? I mean he already ahs a gold statue in Skypiea, a huge fanbase an another potential statue with the Tontattas, his own crew in his hometown, all Gladiators, even Doffy see him as the biggest threat, etc....
1poor Sugar, she must avoid all the long things during her entire life
6Because bullet string is shit, Cavendish could deflect it
Why Doflamingo doesn't turn molecules into strings and start warping reality?
8Doffy never saw him as the biggest thread, he only referred to him as the one who pissed him off the most since he knocked out Sugar.That's 2 different things.
2but Nojiko was fine and an entire village liked her.Sugar would be abandoned and lonely if she would let her alone
3This arc's been total shit, the whole timing has been dreadful, full with unnecessary character final fight is in shambles, should have never have been dragged out like this. Inb4 Oda's personal cock suckers come in with their defence squad repliesmy favourite shit post itI posted it again xD
8Luffy will be remembered as the Pirate KingBut Usopp will be remembered and worshiped as a God.
7threadoh u
6Doesn't luffy dodge projectiles like they're nothing.
1Pokémon did it first
9Heat whip?
8What about the other Donquixote Familymembers? Either the family gets arrested as whole by Fujitora, or they escape alltogether.
2what will Buggy's role be?
5
6Why doesn't Kizaru set the wavelength of his light to one planck-length and destroy the whole world? Why doesn't Kizaru use his light to create an EMDrive? Why doesn't Kizaru concentrate his light to create a new universe/void bubble?
1No I agree. The problem is Dressrosa built up WAY more stuff than it could possibly pay off.Where are CP0?
This chapter was complete proof that Kubo was really Oda all along.
5Why didn't Fuji kill Doffy now? He could blame Straw Hat about it later.
2he's too lazy to do all that shit
0Oda autism doesnt let him end the final fight in an odd number,
4Caesar stabbed the heart thinking it was Smoker's. He should know at that point that Smoker is a Logia, just like Monet. It would make sense that Caesar would stab the heart knowing its a Logia user, but unintentionally hurting another Logia user.
9King of the HillNot the best anime on the planet next to Cory
9ahegaobut anon my dick
2He doesn't give a shit enough to want to rule the world. He could literally find the one piece treasure in less than a second if he wanted to.
Things that would make this chapter better
Does Luffy have plot armor against parasite?
0He even made Kizaru's theme song exactly 4 minutes and 20 seconds long.
8Seems so. Kinda sucks after all those years of hype.
8This girl was solely made for rape doujinshi wasn't she?
8He'll be an ally.Something with treasures.
8Do you think Usopp will have the biggest fanbase after OP ends?He already does
6No she was made so Kyros could Murderlise people who made Rape Doujins of her.
7Violet a shit
8Parasite works by forcing your haki on a host's body using a srtong as a medium.Obviously, when a host's haki is strong, you can't just override it.And Luffy as Emperor's Haki at that.
Sabo is the only one of the three brothers that doesn't have Haoshoku and isn't a D.
6Yeah... that's the only problem. Kyros would probably shove a sword in the worst possible place of anyone who'd do that to his Rebecca. Such a waste of one of the hottest OP girls.
rebeccafags BTFO harder than everI never knew I wanted this
5Fucking loser.
5He´s also the only blond one
6Parasite works by forcing your haki on a host's body using a srtong as a medium.Got a source on this little fact?Also implying that Jozu's haki isn't strong enough to resist when he made Aokiji bleed
7rebeccafagsWhat are those? Don't think I've ever seen one.
3You're pretty lucky. I miss that Rebeccafag shitposter though,he was really entertaining while he was at it.
14swords with haki can cut Buggy?I assume if they get to him before he see it coming.
3JozuParasitePick one.
0I don't think he really saw it coming when he was grabbed by Luffy.
This was actually a pretty hype chapter for me, especially when it was revealed to the whole island that Lucy was Strawhat Luffy all along
8
9NGL, I liked it as much as I tend to hate bullshit countdowns.
5Jaguar D. Saul exists so Jaguar D. Sabo is almost confirmedOnly mexicans will understand
9That Zoro.More of these please Oda. I loved this panel and have it saved in 3 different formats.
Rebecca will be queen.
9It's a good chapter to hype up the final blow and will read fine in the volume.Everyone's just doing their normal "every chapter that's not defeating Doflamingo is filler" ritual they have been for two years now.
0Of my dick
1Wheres the doujin of her fucking all of Dressrosa as an apology for king riku.
3not really a source, but how else should it work?all Doffy does is hit you with 1 fine string.
8inflated rebbecadisgusting shit
6source: my disgusting big hairy pimply smelly fat ass
All these delusional faggots who thinks MONET will join the crewWhat the FUCK did Monet do to be worthy of making her join the crew, Robin atleast fucking helped Luffy at the brink of his death, Monet has done NOTHING of valueb-but she relfects RobinNo she fucking doesn't Robin had small hints that she wasn't a complete fucking cuntFace it, NONE will join the crew in this or the last. Its always been easy to tell with Oda when he wants someone to join
Monet and Sugar are nakama of my dick already.
Why is there two threads up?
4Seek a therapist.Such a mad as fuck reply can't possibly be normal.
4Monet didn't say a word about Chopper infiltrating the base.Also she showed hints of empathy for the children.
We all know the next crewmate is the three eyed girl.She will be One Piece's Tenshinhan.
9Not him.But thing with Chopper is that people apparently often forget she has eye issues.
4B-but she's hot! A-and she was not completely evil! And she tried to kill tashigi!
, 
, 
, 
, 
Record yourself singing a song and let others try guessing what anime it's from.
2Y-you first
Good luck. 
0There are no girls on /a/.
0L O N D O NONDON
77

0pls be in singapore
0Kuroko no Basgay?
4No
0Sins ed 2Don't know the namePLEASE BE IN LONDON
3then Casshern SINS
42Yup, that's the one.
Nobody guessed mine...Am I so bad at singing?
8Honey and Clover OP?
5yes.
, 
Confessions thread I though Ohtsuki Kenji was Kamiya Hiroshi's stage name in his band.  I thought Highschool DxD was the next season of High School of the Dead. 
I think the MC from Humanity has Declined is the only bearable female main character in the past 7 years.
I like Alien vs Predator.
I browse /a/ more than I watch anime nowadays
3There was a time in middle school when I thought Berserk and Monster were the pinnacle of manga and that nothing else would ever be worth my time.
4Don't use English name for shows please, or do it at Reddit
9That isn't werid at all, I keep /a/ open 24/7 and check every thread, while only watching around 5 episodes daily.
8Fine, Jinrui, Jintai, whatever.
3I'll usually go through the first 2-3 episodes of shows I intend to watch for a season and then never touch them again telling myself I'll watch them some other time.
I like Zero more than any other FKMT including Kaiji or Ten.I like the clue hunt more than the gambling theme park.
Except a few jokes, I found Cromartie High School extremly boring back then.
6Back then?
I think Monster isn't overrated shit.
910 years ago
8I keep all the airing stuff on my desktop, and only put episodes neatly in their folder when I've actually seen them. That way I have to see those ugly video icons all over if I get behind, and that usually helps me keep up.Though I'm also not autistic about finishing everything, so I just start every show and drop them if I don't care to watch the next episodes.
I started to play guitar because of k-onNow I'm thinking of buying a trumpetI'm good at guitar, worth the money and time
I like Mermaid Melody Pitchi Pitchi Pitch and it's sequel.I still listen to the songs even now.
I watch hentai almost daily but I never fap to it.
I thought the Naruto anime was made by Toei for years.
0I don't really know the names of any studios, directors, or VAsI can name a lot of hentai artists though
I had an unhealthy obsession with Lucy when I was 17. I think I creeped out some of my friends with that. I still have some of the stupid forum signatures of her I made.
5So who is your waifu now?
Petra's death in AoT messed me up real bad. I actually fell into depression for a few days. Even wrote a fanfic about her which I never showed anyone.
Is this the blogging thread? Thank God, I need to share my trials and tribulations with the good folks on /a/.938I hardly even watch anime anymore. I've grown so picky about what I watch that I spend more time researching what shows to backlog, which industry talents to look out for etc. than actually watching stuff. Once a title is in the backlog, my interest evaporates.
I didn't like Punpun.
7Me neither.
I was a furry back in my preteen days, mostly for Pokemon. I started converting in my early teens when I got more into anime girls.I can only get it up to humans and human-like characters now and I still don't know what the fuck was wrong with me back then.
9female, evacuate the board.
I unironically look forward to reading Bleach every week.
6researchingWhy on earth would you do that?I just randomly start shows because I see a cute girl I like on the folder icon, and it's been working out pretty good so far.
I hated Kare Kano because the direction after Anno left was absolute shit and it didn't have an ending. Also, the manga is shit.I also hate Lovely Complex but I can't figure out why.
2same
7He didn't leave3I dare you to show your 3x3.
All the fate/stay night franchise is a boring horse shit.
33x3Those are some of the worst threads on /a/, why the fuck would I have one?Also while I have done that I was mostly making a joke, I just blindly start everything every season and slowly watch whatever older stuff when I'm caught up on the season.Deciding if you want to watch something by watching episode 1 seems far more accurate and enjoyable then checking staff and shit.
Kill la Kill brought me back to watching anime.
I liked nisekoi season one
Index is my favourite series.
1I like season 2, chitoge is in real love and honodera's little sister is cute
I liked/still like the Rebuild of Evangelion....especially the second and third movie
I never watched anything Evangelion related.There, I said it.
83I always use the English title when it exists.
I haven't seen or read anything related to Fate or even Type-Moon other than KnK.
I haven't finished/caught up with the manga/anime mai hasubando is from. T-Togashi? ;_;I'm also behind on Jojo's manga, I'm not an anime-only fag but I'm farther ahead in the anime than the manga actually because I'm terrible at balancing things. I plan to just sit down and read up as far as I can soon though.9Good subs never ;_;I'd be a newbie, but I was thinking I should almost just make my own to improve on them. I'd at least try to find the dvd footage to put the subs onto.
I spend more time on /vg/ than /a/ lately.
I rarely read manga I like Railgun much more than Index
1You're doing good anon
8like what? burakku rokko shuta?
3I thought I needed to watch Katanagatari and Bakemonogatari first to watch Ore Monogatari
/a/ sucks
I created the Madara pasta.
7Silly anon.Though you do need to watch TSF Monogatari before Bakemonogatari.
I pay less attention when characters have poor taste in fashion I browse /fa/ the most so I have shit taste
0Eh, I guess there's some truth to that. Checking staff is a good guideline though, I never try shows I'm not interested in already. I already know which shows up to 2016 that I'll be watching, like that Shishou horror show. It's like I've charted out a map of most past and upcoming shows/movies I want to watch, the history and state of the industry, japanese culture. Anime lost some of its novelty in the process. The ailments of the industry and community are becoming painfully obvious. Shitty animation, cliche's and otaku pandering. I was never too immersed in the mainstream anime culture, but now it's starting to disgust me. Maybe I should find another pastime.9Attack on Titan
I like /v/ more than /a/ because they're not selfish cunts most of the time.
I liked Hyouka.I liked Free.I think "Someday in the Rain" is one of the best anime episodes of all time.I thought Darker than Black was mediocre.I liked Aku no Hana a lot, I thought the plot was thrilling, the ED was great, and I loved the rotoscoping because it almost felt like I was watching a live-action tv show.I think 2nd GIG is better than the first season and the original film.I didn't like Major S5, I found the whole World Baseball Cup slightly uninteresting and stupid.I liked the Rurouni Kenshin OVAs more than the main series, since they were more mature and had better art and animation.I disliked FLCL because it felt like it was trying too hard to be random and I couldn't get myself to care about anything in it.I don't think Nisekoi is bad at all, I find it's purposeful overuse of romance anime cliches to be amusing and a sort of a critique on the genre.I thought White Album 1 was quite interesting to watch, especially the odd directing and the fact that the MC fucked everyone.
8Don't use English name for shows please, or do it at Reddithownew.ru
0Maybe I should find another pastime.I think so too.Is this the kind of thing people mean when they say /v/ doesn't play video games they just bitch about the industry?5You could stay there.
8English names are fine if they're recognisable enough and not unwieldy or otherwise stupid. I'd prefer Yahari or Oregairu over SNAFU and Higurashi over When They Cry, sure, but I don't autistically call out anyone for saying Neon Genesis Evangelion over Shinseiki Evangelion or Revolutionary Girl Utena over Shoujo Kakumei Utena.
3I want to kill myself, but lack the willpower to do so
I liked SAO, especially the first 14 chapters.but I wanted Kirito to be MUCH edgier than he was. even been toying with the idea of writing a fanfic like that. EdgeArtOnline: The FanficI love it when grills draw swords like Anri.
3I'd tell you to go to /jp/ but suicide threads have declined so drastically in recent years that you'd probably be left with just as little desire to live but even less motivation to die.
3I think autistic paranoid antisaucefags are cancer.
2I like Railgun much more than IndexDoesn't everyone?
26I liked the Rurouni Kenshin OVAs more than the main series, since they were more mature and had better art and animation.Extremely common opinions.
0nah, i'll just keep posting about it in blogshit threads every now and then and otherwise continue on with my generic life.
3Even though I was enjoying Shingeki no Kyojin I dropped it because of how insufferable the fanbase was.
5being so weak that you drop a series because of its fanbaseWhy does this happen?
5Bitch, I enjoyed SnK and I never hanged around the fanbase or haters. Let yourself decide what you like.
I browse this board on my phone way more than i do on PC .
I've been buying manga during my Friday lunch breaks at work. I just want hard copies of the stuff I've already read.
3Even though i agree anti sauce is autistic if it werent a thing all threads would be half of the people asking for sauce on every reaction image
I can't watch series with a male MC in.
5The opposite is true for me.
I watch my anime at 1.3x speed.
I watch and read freezing just to see the female MC get tortured alot. I enjoy seeing that alot despite knowing the series is garbage.
6I liked Aku no Hana a lot, I thought the plot was thrilling, the ED was great, and I loved the rotoscoping because it almost felt like I was watching a live-action tv show.Aku no Hana is a masterpiece.And Oshimi Shuzo is a genius
 I think people who use spoilers excessively are fucking retards. 5I cry when I hear Lilium Elfen Lied was one of my first anime, but its the manga that I liked.I think ZnT was an amazing anime. It wasnt perfect but /a/ are retards for thrashing it.I dont keep many reaction pictures cause I keep loosing my hard drive data.I can hardly watch an anime revolving around highschoolers/middleschoolers
9Why would you do this?
K-On is unironically 10/10, and I'm convinced that anime as a medium cannot possibly be better.
5So he can watch anime 1.3x more efficiently
3I haven't watched K-ON yet.I follow one of the big three.I enjoyed the EVA rebuilds.SAO once was THE BEST ANIMU EVARR for me.
8Agree
School Days is the funniest anime I have ever seen. I was laughing the entire time, including during the ending.
5He watches anime to fill out his MAL as fast as possible, and only has limited time between highschool and bedtime.
I got into world of tanks because of GuP I don't know why I didn't earlier I fucking love machines. Romance in my favorite genre after Sci fi
80.3 more efficiently actually. jesus fuck it sure is summer in here.
8its fine to be a weaboo but please
3I think Tomoko should die at the end of WataMote. Badly.
I think /a/ is the best board on 4chan.
0since you havent said which of the three you follow, is it safe to just assume that it is one piece?
4honestly its hard to believe but its not outside the realm of possibility that this is the most civilized board despite being full of retarded assholes
4Yes.
9Shouldn't students who are here just for summer be the ones who know that math?I love watching shitty highschool SoL because I never went to highschool. Hyouka is my favorite anime for the same reason. It looks so fun.4Only if you ignore the really slow boards. But there's a reason why we were that one guy's favorite.
3If I like a show enough I re watch it in english when the dub comes out. Unless the dub is done by Sentai Filmworks, if that happens ill watch the first couple episodes just to let the shit sink in and remind myself that Monica Rial is literally the only person keeping that company from being absolutely annihilated.
Cowboy Bebop is my favorite anime.I didn't watch Cromartie until last year.Nichibros is better than Nichijou.i still enjoy the NGE dub. it's really nostalgic for me. i also like dub Asuka more than sub Asuka.
3I thought Highschool DxD was the next season of High School of the DeadYOU MEAN IT ISN'T? HOLY SHIT
Bokurano is my top favourite manga.
1I thought log horizon was a sequel to Horizon so I didnt watch it
1I know right.
3I watch bleachUntil episode 200Including fillersin Youtube
4in youtubedaaaammmmmnnn
5I watch my anime at 2.5x speed
4Damn son,that's fucking hardcore.I'm impressed,honestly.
I think people who posted "my nigga" on /a/ arent actually niggas
3Manga is a masterpiece The anime sucks
3Of course, ever heard of a nigga owning a nigga?
I drop shows where the mc has an incest relationship. I don't care if it's some irrelevant side character though.
Thank God zero isn't that bad
Rain makes me get depressed and despair all out of a sudden because nearly in every anime, sorrowfull image has acquired while the weather was rainy.
3I used to tell myself I would only watch dubs since I'm a really slow reader and have to pause constantly. I ran out of dubs and got into subs. Now I can't stand most dubs because the voice acting doesn't match up to characters. There are a few I can do dubbed but its lowered a lot. I can't watch anime with other people cause of my constant pausing.. Am I the only one who does this?
0I had to pause nearly every scene while watching monogatari. Now I've a pause habbit. I'm pausing the animes all the time to understand it fully and just because of this i'm bored of animes and i usually read manga.
0I only watch dubs of shows if it's a show I've already seen and enjoyed before a dub is even out.Then I'll usually pick up a BD or DVD when it's released and watch it depending on how good the dub is.
4Anime makes it look much more fun than it really, HS is boring as shit. College though, college is fucking awesome and is generally closer to the kind of life you see in anime, albeit with even more freedom.
0I've only ever paused while watching Gintama with reference notes infested subs and Teekyuu. But I'm really enjoying myself for doing so.
I like manga, but /a/ is a terrible place to discuss older manga and I don't think I'll ever have a meaningful conversation about manga with anyone. At least Golden Rose group looks promising, works on old manga but I haven't read their releases yet.
6For what purpose?
9You're officially retarded
i don't like anime that much because most of they can be shorten if characters had basic communication skills
Hyouka is my favorite anime.I'm a romcom fag.I don't like ecchi. I would still watch an anime with ecchi if it's really good, but I would prefer it if it doesn't have ecchi. I didn't finish some anime because of the ecchi.I liked Tokyo Ghoul Root A.I liked KnK.I liked KLK.I liked more shit anime.I'm actually enjoying Plastic Memories right now.I didn't watch the Monogatari series because of the panty shot on the first episode I watched, and eventually I got fed up of the hype it's getting.I ponder for weeks or months over "depressing" anime endings.I have shit taste.
9Nui is the best girl
9I think ZnT was an amazing anime. It wasnt perfect but /a/ are retards for thrashing it.Season 1 was okSeason 2 was greatSeason 3 was fucking trashSeason 4 was not bad
9seasonnigga it's 11 episodes long
78So he can watch anime 1.3x more efficiently1.3x instead of 1xhe's somehow not watching it at 1.3x the efficiency of the original speed, which is 0.3x MORE than 1x
9ZnTSeasonWhy did /a/ thrash Zankyou? IMO Watanabe pulled it out again. Fucking astounded by it, even though it was a bit cheezy with the 'gifted children' shit, the direction was incredible and I wasn't phased by the corny plot.
9ZnT shit the bed pretty hard with shitty characters like that poodle bitch and the heroine. Also no one dying from the bombs was ridiculous and the ending was trash.
8
1Are you nuts? The ending was like the only good part. Everything else was pretty mediocre.
771He's obviously referring to the better ZnT. That one with both HanaKana and Sawashiro
I stopped watching anime from like 09 until KLK came out and I just happened to catch a glimpse of it on /a/ one day randomly. I thoroughly enjoyed it and it got me back into anime, though I do recognize the flaws with KLK.Also, after all these years I'm sort of just over /a/'s elitism, especially with how easy it is to filter and hide stuff. Faggots do need to keep things to one thread though. I like Rebuild 3.33, it's not as good as 2.22 was, but I still enjoyed it. I still haven't watched Die/Gunbuster and Ergo Proxy because I can't find any torrents that actually seem to have seeds/peers that want to connect and fucking work. I think my favorite anime after all this time catching back up is probably YGO Arc-V, there's just something really fun about it, same with Gundam Build Fighters and BF Try.
When I first watched Hataraku Maou-sama, I thought I mistakenly downloaded the dubbed version and immediately delete it.
977We need to not use the ZnT abbreviation without sufficient context.
Probably huge confession list for me:I fucking hated TTGL. It was fucking corny ass shit "Believe in the me that believes in you!!!! OMGG SO FUCKING NEXT LEVEL MOTIVATION". Dropped the series after 10 eps.I disliked the latter half of Stein's gate and skipped through most of it until the ending. Still think it's an overrated piece of trash.I like Shinkai films. Good art = watchable.I liked school days - genuinely.I haven't watched the original FMA series. I only watched FMA:B out of boredom. I still dont' rate either series.One Piece sucks.NGE original series was responsible for bringing me out of a deep depression and inspired me to change my life. It didn't go the way I thought it would, but for a while it did and that was what I needed at the time.Never liked Railgun/Index series. Watched a total of 1 episode of each - dropped it. Hate that highschool/magical powers mashup. Fucking bullshit because the world wouldn't be like that if people had powers like that - it would be much more like DTB which is an amazing series.My favourite anime right now is Gintama.There's probably more but I can't think of them right now. Watched a shit-tonne of HxH on youtube all of it, etc.
3I spent maybe 3 weeks mistaking Fukuyama Jun and Fukushima Jun for the same person.
I confuse Futari and futanari. ALOT.I watch the One Piece anime instead of reading the manga.
3I thought that Punchline was One-Punch Man animated
9Cont.I still like first half of SAOI like romanceMy favorite anime is YGO GXI sometimes decline party invitations to watch best scenes from Nichi, JoJo or YGO
I tried to save yahari threads by using false flags and baiting mods
4I did that exact same thing years ago except I went to youtube through the Wii internet channel. I got to like 216 before dropping it, now I just read the manga since I have a computer.
0How the fuck can you dislike the second half of Steins;Gate? The entire first 9 episodes is just super slow slice of life stuff to make you feel for the characters once shit hits the fan.Liking school dayshating corny shit like TTGLNGE changing your lifeAh so you're just a fag who had a dark and miserable past during fucking middle school, carry on.
I'm convinced nothing will reach the level of NGEUntil coming to /a/ I didn't even know downloading anime was a thingI once watched an anime without subtitles on YouTube with little to no knowledge of Japanese because I didn't know how else to watch it
3NTR is disgusting but I pretend to like it
Darker Than Black is extremely boring
I like anime
I'm looking forward to for human x myumon doujins of Show by Rock.
3I think SAO haters are worst kind of anons.Shinsekai Yori is shit."Tsukihime anime doesn't exist" meme is fucking old, people need to get over it.Namikawa doesn't really have a notable range, you just can't differentiate voices well.Jitsuwata is ugly.
I watched Endless Eight in 2x speed
2Until coming to /a/ I didn't even know downloading anime was a thingUnderage b&
I like Index much more than Railgun.
Nichibros is waaay better than Nichijou.I can't watch anything that was animated by KyoAni and has a female protagonist.If someone describes a SoL anime with the word "comfy" it's shit.The mid-late 80's/early 90's were the best era for anime.Both yaoi and yuri are cancer, the true pure love is the hetero relationship.
1Endless Four.
9Now that's alpha.
I throw up a little whenever I see an anime with an all-female or close to cast, unless it's a non-fanservicey magical girl series.I'm getting sick of anime girls.
0You will be filled with regret.2Same because I like hentai dubs. They are amazingly bad, look up sextra credit.6Watch nothing new and pick up whatever you find then.9Shiggy
I am a leader in an anime club.I only read manga and browse Niconico, and despite having a decent grasp on Japanese, I have only seen ~20 shows, the last in 2011. If I don't know what a show is, I just look it up on Wikipedia or TVTropes. This has yet to fail me, even when arguing on /a/.
00be watching SZS +ZSZS + GSZS + ZanSZS subbedhalf the background text/flash screen text isn't translatedthe half that is subbed flashes by at impossible speedI mean like 50+ words goes in less than 1/6 of a secondsometimes the sub text lags out the pause function keeping me from stopping the videoI'm so close to being done, now if only someone would seed SZSB I would be happy and sad to finally be done with it all
9Same honestly, I barely watched anything for probably 10 years.
2I once watched an anime without subtitles on YouTube with little to no knowledge of Japanese because I didn't know how else to watch itNow that is being a weeaboo. Unless it had good fanservice.
3i have never read any mango nor do i intendi have never played a japanese gamei have never watched/ read any LN, VNi only started to watch anime this januaryi marathon all the showsi disliked black lagoon and have to force myself to watch the last 2 episodesi like to read spoilers, knowing what's coming enxt makes me feel in controlli always tought animefags were the worse loosers, on the same level with mlp but then i realized i'm a bigger loser myself
I can't believe that I'm still watching Yu-Gi-Oh and Japanese toy commercials in my twenties.
6I've never seen what people like about hyouka. I watched it twice because the first time I thought I missed something by how boring it was.4Yeah pretty much. Touman has more personality there then in the series he's the main character of.91.3x3x Do you have a red mobile suit by chance?
Haruhi and fate zero are my favourite anime oh and I still play yugioh
4i also never understood what the "take responsability" mene was about
Kill la Kill is my favorite action anime.Trigger is by far my favorite studio.I never finished TTGL
3I actually think that  Boku No Pico  is a masterpiece. Its so good, what's not to love?
6Nichibros was szs tier. You have good taste.4I did the sane when first watching anime. But unlike you I was doing it on the fucking Wii internet because I had no other way. Also how I found manga and railgun.
7Probably a bait post, but wow...
I enjoy Nisekoi
I think OreMono is fucking awful.
I'm enjoying The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan.
3watching anime on YouTube through the wiiAre you me. How many people did this Jesus.Also I might as well confess I for year miss took wing for g gundam. One I thought I saw as a kid the other I actually did see as a kid and liked. G gundam is best.
1I'm enjoy the show as well, and it's nice because Yuki has less screen time than Haruhi and kyon.
3I liked the tsukihime anime dub and gunparade march's dub and keep watching them for some reason. I have no idea why but my friends think I'm weird for rewatching the two so much.
For about two years Ive been only watching airing shows, no backlog whatsoever anymore.Since I bought Vita last november I spend more time on vitagen than here
9Watch older stuff then.
Free is unironically one of my favorite series and I'm not even a girl.
, 
, 
, 
, 
That time of the week again
;_;First last week now this
These threads are always stillborn
2get out and breed you disgusting weebsThanks Japanese government.
2Fucking disgusting propaganda.
2How is this any different from 3D?At least the 2D will smile back.
2Hot gluers getting called about by the governmentI really do love the Danna propaganda machine and its reactions.
2It's true, you're waifu will never love you back
2at least 2D can't press charges or take you to the cleaners
2Same as a car, and still lots of guys prefer cars more than bitches.
Can we all agree that even the manga version of this is complete shit now? Mangafags claimed that only the anime was bad back after it ended but I'm pretty sure we can all agree that the manga is shit now too.
2you're a big titan
Was getting eaten part of your plan?
SnK was always shit. If anything the anime improved it because I didn't have to deal with the shitty art.
2I dropped it after 10 episodes was it the right decision?
2They went to shit at basically the exact same time. It's just that the last parts of the anime were shit even though the parts of the manga they were supposed to be adapting were fine, while the manga at the same time was already well into an arc that everybody thought would get better but actually got way way worse.
What's wrong with the anime ? I've watched it, i kind of liked it, the OST was great and the animation was nice too, why is everyone hating it ?Is it because "muh reddit and MAL like it so we must hate it" or something like that ?
7for you
7i guess it's because normalfags enjoy it too
5The Armored Titan Arc was fine and ending the Wall Sina arc the way that they did in the manga would have been a copout imo. It wouldn't have felt like an actual season finale.
2Is this reel??
0That's ridiculous.Forcing yourself to hate something because someone else like it ? Only on 4chan.
9It's not the very ending that's the problem although it is still retarded because the ending they had literally can't fit into the following plot, it''s the entire two last episodes leading up to it.
2Crashing this wall, with no survivors
8i think they secretly enjoy it butironicallyso they can keep on being edgy
7It was extremely popular, mostly among the Tumblr/Plebbit/Youtube/9fag crowd.
9The Armored Titan Arc was already done when the end of the anime aired. We were already in Eren's perpetual capture cycle and character degradation.
70keep projecting, faglordsif I keep repeating it it's true
7gintama is fucking top 1 on MAL, yet gintama threads here are absolutely pure, 100% shitposting-free. This is not a valid reason to hate something.
5or maybe, just maybe, it's actually a shitty series and people with an ounce of taste rightfully shit on it
0They actually can fit it into the plot. Have you read the latest arc? Eren has almighty God lord titan powers.Say what you want about the last few episodes but don't shit on the Armored Titan arc, that was the most fun I ever had reading SnK.
0explain how it's shit, explain why do you hate it. I was literally asking for that.
5For you.Here's your reply. Happy anon?
5I specifically remember seeing spoilers for chapter 50 near/after episode 25 but alright.
4thanks mate you made my day this has been the only time someone has talked to me today
5poor guy.
3I liked it while it was airing and my biggest complaint with it was the QUALITY.
6I don't need your pity anon, just your dank memes
3not that guy, but to put it in my words I quit it because I got the feeling that they used the 25 minutes episode duration explicitly for cliffhangers, where the first third was to recapture and dissolve what happens in the last episode, the middle third to stall around like no tomorrow or to prepare the next cliffhanger and the third one to put up some tention that will be resolved in the next 1-3 episodes. It's cheap and I hate that. even if you leave out if the story is good or bad, it's something that makes me quit a show. also the giants looked retarded. and based from what I've seen it's the same old "the MC is somewhat connected to the menace"blah blah, same old stuff. Like I said, I quit after 10 episodes or so
7checked
2I liked it when it look like it was not following typical tropesguys go to try to save the world,ends up so that they are desperately just trying to get out of a defeated battle alivethat felt fresh and original but then whats his name turned into a titan, thats when I dropped it.
what just got uploaded.
5boysAND FUCKING DROPPED
You ready for Poochie?
3They're cute shotas, though.
9That's the worst part.Fucking Trigger and their boyfuck fetish.
5360pWhy? Do they want it to look like shit on the trailer?
So they finally got off their lazy asses
October
Why does it say Toei? Where and how are they involved?
3Stay mad, faglord.
5October in theater.The backers are getting their digital copy next month.
can't show panties even on OVAFucking dead to me.
3Delicious yurifag tears.
0You might need to get your glasses checked.
3yurifagNo. Just hate shota shit.
7I want to smoochie her coochie, if you catch my drift.
4Oh fuck me. I blame 360p
7Really? Didnt know the release was this close.
renched in the blood of the enemys
it's been 2 years since lwa
Does anyone have the Shiny Chariot vector from when it was released? I only have the "in progress" png.42metal
5
3I actually paid 60 bucks for this shit, and now they go and put fucking dudes in it. Should I ask for a refund?
2Yes, you should get a refund for all this fucking salt.
1implying it isn't more lewd this way
6My guess is because smartphones.
Too early to judge the boys, all boys in Kill la Kill showed significant levels of bestness.
Premier at AX confirmed
7Even smartphones can play Youtube HD
Mi cuerpo esta listo
4Why do they need TOHO? I thought the budget was 100% crowdfunded.
ITS HAPPENING
LWA 2 trailer comes out30 responsesI knew 2015 /a/ is filled with newfags and cancer, but come on, it can't be that bad, r-right?
7Who is this semen demon?
9They still need a distributor.
7You consider LWA 1 oldfag material? Come on man. Your newfag is showing.
7It was a shit trailer, and the clipping at 0:40 probably sent some to the hospital.
2They are also releasing the digital version to backers on the same day because they want everyone to be able to watch it togetherWhich is really cute
9Nah, it was funded for a 25 minute feature through normal means, and the kickstarter was to add an extra 15 minutesThey got a ton more cash than they expected though, and one of the delays was because they made the script more ambitious to match backer expectations and made it a full hour long movie
7We had a thread yesterday when the backers received their email. Not that it was that active either though.
7I've seen your exact same post probably a month or two ago.Nice ninja shilling.
7The trigger hype train derailed a while ago
7I just couldn't think of a witty comment.
7/a/ has shit taste and it goes shittier by the day. This has been a continuous trend for years and we have reached a level of shittynes so severe that people no longer care for LWA
7FESTAShort for festival?
4It´s okay, nips don´t care for it either.
witch Ryukoa fattyprobably a little autistNot too enthusiastic about these new characters to be honest.
4With how people keep repeating this "board gets shittier and shittier" meme you would think 4chan was some amazing place of higher discussion back when it started.
ded fanbase
5I wanna see Little Sorcerer Academia:The adventures of three students at a school for young wizards. Casting spells and solving mysteries, they actually spend most of their time trying to get dates for the Wizards Ball usually resulting in magic related disaster!
0It's called Harry Potter
6Mustachioed Sorcerers doing Magical things
8
07Got back to tumblr, degenerate.
Sucy a best. Chubby girl looks cute too.
5Why the fuck did I not see Diana?
2Glad I got tickets to go this year.
5hype
my dick is ready.
8Those cute wee feet.
6She didn't want you to see her.I-It's not like she likes Shiny Chariot or anything! Baka!
8chubby girlIt's just so obvious these faggots cater to the "murrican big money" people. Disgusting.They are making anime more and more normie.
7
I paid a tiny percentage of Youko Hikasa's paycheckFeels good, man.
5So the production of this is why Ninja Slayer is sooooooo SUBARASHII?!?!
6No, the production of Ninja Slayer is why LWA2 got pushed from April back to October.
7Jasna is cute regardless.Also, she is hardly the first chubby girl in anime.
4from stickies to threads barely having any activityWhat happened?
, 
, 
, 
, 
A mystery isn't good if there's no way to solve it. Why do so many people like this bullshit?Here's to hoping Umineko is more thoughtfully written.
4Here's to hoping Umineko is more thoughtfully written.Lol.If you want something thoughtful, you should read by the guy who Ryuukishi incompetently copies.
5, you should read by the guy who Ryuukishi incompetently copiesWhat?
0read things by the guy...*
A mystery isn't good if there's no way to solve it. Hoping Umineko is more thoughtfully writtenAnon I have some terrible news for you
if there's no way to solve itYou can figure out Higurashi's main antagonist and main plot points by reading the first four chapters.Unless you're retarded, of course.
8Sure, you can figure out the antagonist. But you are full of shit if you predicted how the plot was going to turn out.
7So is this how it turns out? I thought VN's would be something nice to get into but it turns out I spoiled myself by playing Muv Luv first. The rest I've read Higurashi, Kara no Shojo, FSN, Saya no Uta have never come close to Muv Luv in terms of quality.
8Stop being EOP, read the best things in Japanese. Hell, reread Muv-Luv in Japanese. It even has a Win 7 rerelease with enhanced effects and such,
8Besides Hanyuu, for the most part I did make a lot of both correct and incorrect assumptions. A gas leak overnight from the swamp with no survivors, except K1 screams as conspiracy, an unidentifiable corpse with just an assumption of who the person might be, it gave us plenty of clues, you just have to look for them. Also, Umineko is a lot more twisted and hard to follow and solve than this.
0I'm too lazy to read a 70+ hour VN in Japanese. And it'd probably take me twice the time because I'm not a native.
1Umineko wise i never did quite buy the whole I will prove this doesn't exist thing.how do you use spoiler tags here?I loved ep1 though.It was quite tense.Especially towards the end.I stopped reading a bit into 3.
1Your loss.
0Dude I have a life. I can't just pick up Japanese in 3 months like its fucking nothing. I work full time and go to college when the semester starts. I'm not going to learn a fucking language just to read a bunch of mostly poorly written VN's.
0Jesus, you fucking redditor.[/spoiler. 6I have a life too and I did it. And nigger I told you to read the best VNs out there, those aren't poorly written.
0I stopped reading a bit into 3Yeah, I stopped watching Cowboy Bebop halfway through episode 5 too.
1Seriously, I tried before and I always lose interest because I read at a snail's pace. It doesn't feel rewarding at all. How do you get to the point where you read at a reasonable speed? I know kanji and grammar, I just parse through sentences extremely slowly.
1No. You don't have a life. Between work, college, friends, family, gf, no one has time for that. I use the free time I have for pleasure, not for fucking being an elitist otaku with a stick up his ass.
4The machine i was playing it on died.Never got around to it after that.Assuming that means it gets better?
0How do you get to the point where you read at a reasonable speed?By getting better at it. And like with all things, you get better at it by training. Keep the goal in your mind and push through.5Excuses. Chart your time better.
6Dude I have a life
0Episode 3 is, in most people's opinion, godlike. It's an unpopular opinion, but I also loved the shit out of 5.
1Be real dude. You can make assumptions and get things right. But at the end no one is going to guess that everyone was just paranoid because of a stupid fucking parasite that gives you a disease where you see maggots. And the cheap tricks like you were just imagining a needle in your food the whole time, it's fucking bullshit.
1
5he didn't start learning Japanese back in HS when you had all the time in the worldtop kek
1not smoking weed and popping pills everyday in HS where you will receive no legal ramification since you are underaged
7I did that too.
1readVN
1What?
4read VNVNread
9Autism.
0What are the benefits for reading it in Japanese? I mean stuff can be more eloquently written in the original language, obviously. But are there examples where major plot points, or even minor ones were conveyed incorrectly?
1Not having all time in the world in your late 20's.How one can stop being a lazy piece of shit?
1Adderall
9plays erotic story games describes playing said games as readinguses the word autism
4Speak for yourself for being an Idiot.
7reading
2Do you even know what a VN is? It's mostly text. Overwhelmingly so. As such, I don't think the word "read" is wrong to describe the activity of enjoying it.
9Are you mentally challenged?
6Dude I have a life.read 5 VNsreads VNsNo, you don't.2Fucking summerfags, holy shit.
7It feels more genuine.And no, I wouldn't say ML translation is bad.
6It's a fucking video game. Read books you turd.
2All VN's are H-Games.Without exception.Has Text but it's not for reading.Do you even read the shit you write?
1902How new do you have to be to not know what fucking Higurashi is.
6You know, you've convinced me. Ryuukishi is actually a great writer, who rivals the likes of Agatha Christie and Poe.
3Back to /lit/ you autist.
4he competes in eSports
5No. I for one like playing VNs.
3Higurashi and Umineko are literally books with music, art and voice acting. All you do is read.You have to be retarded to think otherwise
1Playing VNs.Let me take guesses.KamidoriRanceEien no AseliaBunny BlackDanganronpaAce Attorney
0Why would you want to play a game to which there is nothing more than reading?
6Agatha Christie isn't that great TBH, besides "And then there were none", her rest of her works weren't that impressive.
4The only thing mysterious about Umiunko is how Ryukishi thought the final four chapters were a good idea.
0Same reason why you would want to read a book.Also I know you're "I was only pretending to be retarded" backpedalling .
4It's pretty clear that he was being paranoid if you were paying attention.
9Murder in the orient express is great, maybe even better than and then there were none imo
7Quit projecting, it's not helping. Also just read the novelizations of Higurashi. That way you can actually claim to be reading a book and you're free from that terrible chiptune music.
48Something's only good if you can predict the entire plot from the startSummer has never felt this cold.
4Those arent meant to be read for their shitty mystery
1No shit?
0But anon, EP5 was objectively the best.
3Then i should read Higurashi for the non existent h-scenes?
3sed s/read/played/g
6no uYou must feel smart.and you're free from that terrible chiptune music.Maybe you should actually try reading it instead of pretending like you know what you're talking about.You have some serious issues. Are you autistic or something?3And why are you samefagging?
8Mion made it fucking obvious in EP1.No beast eyesthreatened to kill Ooishi after she found out he told Kei1 all that stuff despite being warnedPissed as fuck with tears when Kei1 began to behave aggressively and paranoid about everyoneLiterally screams that Ooishi was corrupting his mind with everything he told Kei1 especially since Ooishi has a rep of getting people missing and killed when they interact with him.Whole point is easy to understand, Hinamizawa Syndrome + Ooishi
7I told you to quit projecting. Also you might want to unwax your ears if you thought the music in Higurashi was anything but terrible.
6Honestly I don't remember and I don't care either.The point is that you can just mute it so that's completely irrelevant.And stop using a fancier word for "no u", it's pathetically dumb.
0Why won't you do what other people tell you to do? Either way you rendered your point completely irrelevant by telling someone to play a sound novel on mute.
A mystery isn't good if there's no way to solve it. Here's to hoping Umineko is more thoughtfully written.You will fucking hate Umineko.
5Either way you rendered your point completely irrelevant by telling someone to play a sound novel on mute.Higurashi and Umineko are literally books with music, art and voice acting. All you do is read.You really do have some serious issues. You're just blabbering bullshit that makes no sense whatsoever.You don't read Higurashi for the music, you read Higurashi for Higurashi. Music is irrelevantStop being backpedalling retard
1It had those "le epick feel goods", to be certain, but the mystery was on its death knell by then, which sucked.
6If you don't play the correct term is play, not read, you turd Higurashi for the music, then why do you play it when novelizations exist?
5Is it impossible to solve it? I am fine with it being complex, I just hate stories that are cheap when it comes to revealing the mystery.
4then why do you play it when novelizations exist?Because obviously the VN are the source material with everything.How do I know that the "novelizations" didn't cut shit?And maybe you want to look at pretty backgrounds and sprites?And it's read, not play. You read and click for more text. It's a novel, you autistic dumbass.You don't play with anythingSeriously, what the fuck is wrong with you?
9Higurashipretty backgrounds and spritesthat nonsense that came before and after that statementSee a psychiatrist and ask him about projection. You may need help for it.
4the correct term is play, not read, you turdDo you play a picture book?VNs are digital picture books with music, It has novel in name you faggot.
4By the end you will be able to solve it, but there is not a real solution
, 
NEKO MIMI MOODO
1Furufuru furu moon!
I liked that show. I mean, I hardly remember anything from it, but still.
So, if she is a vampire, why can I see her reflection on the spoon at the end of the OP?
My 2007 moe I don't think that word exist yet ringtones1ED is creepy as fuck
, 
, 
Is the manga better than the anime?
, 
, 
, 
was the point of this cannon? One shot and then youre forced to wait a hell of a long time to shoot again
Part of a joke and also a plot convenience so that the race could be finished.
The cannon was supposed to obliterate all the cars in one shot at the beginning of the race. It didn't need a second one and it wasn't supposed to hit Fumky boy.
It's an orbital laser cannon that's more powerful than any nuclear weapon that currently exists, but without any of the harmful side effects. It travels at the speed of light. Taking all that into consideration, a mere two hours of waiting time isn't long at all. Besides, the dialogue in the movie suggests that it was still in it's experimental stages, meaning that with a bit more testing, including the live testing shown in the movie, it could be improved.
, 
, 
Is this the 30 Rock of anime?
no crazy black guyIt's not.
No, 30 Rock was shit and shirobako was good
0But there's a crazy japanese guy.
Based Tarou carried the show
9Annoying piece of shit carried the showNo.
What's a 30 rock?
Have you do the angel exercise, /a/?
8The Shirobako of sit-com
4Is there anyone in Shirobako who wasn't crazy?
7What does the BD version looked like?
, 
, 
Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Hard mode: No Risa Taneda.Nightmare mode: No Chiwa Saito.And from the other side: Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do? HanaKana?
Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Ami KoshimizuWho doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Most males
6Ami Koshimizu, is she Ryuko's voice?
Chiwa Sai-Fuck you OP.
5I love Asami Imai and Mimorin!
9
5Kuwashima
5Either Namikawa or Tomokazu Seki have the most acting range on the male side.As for one-voice wonders, Wakamoto for sure.
7WakamotoAs excessively praised he is, his problem is that his voice is distracting. Watching a story, when suddenly-- "Oh, it's Wakamoto." Immersion lost.Anime related.
3Yes, but the OP asked for "doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do", and Wakamoto is that to a T
Hayashibara Megumi. She can beemotionless dollara girlgenki girldudepokemonemotionless girlold farttsundere girlradio djnursereal mom
1It's not really fair to bring her up. Not many can compare to that level of raw talent.
5Akira Ishida is the all-time champion when it comes to range. No other male seiyuu has believably played a female character.On the flipside, Hikaru Midorikawa and Aya Hisakawa sound the same in every role they do, but they're great.
Lately I've been impressed by Han Megumi. She did a great job wth Gon, but also does roles of completely different types Ramlethal, Yamato well, too.
Voice actors you like who are now on the fringe of no work.
1Voice actors you like who are now on the fringe of no work.RIP Kana Ueda
1She voices males? Why are japanese males so gay?
3thread about seiyuu with great vocal rangeits not fair to bring her up!!
7No, you wanker. Those are her husbandos.
Hayami
Noto Mamiko a best
2Was just listening to her version of Yuki no Hana.
Akizilla has an impressive range.YuiMedakaAnd all points in between.
7no, after her husband was not good enough in bed she married Alcohol,Edgeworth and Leon.
4full 12 minutes of singing in English as the lyrics change around is kind of impressive. Her English is surprisingly good unlike most seiyuu.
Nao Toyama has a pretty impressive range.
Teen-girl Ishida is the best
6Mamiko a slut
KanaHanaNot shit
4I like her hentai roles.
4the only one i know is Eiyuu Senki, the pc game, what else is there?
7Did she got married? I didn't hear her voice anymore except as Tohsaka.
1sure why this guy bothered uploading in 240p.
8Panchira Teacher and I think Onna Kyoushi Yumi no Houkago.
Mai Fuchigami should be nicknamed HFCS, because she's in everything!
5is really good at what they can do?Rie Kugimiya?
While I'm at it.
1Is Akira Ishida the Sean Bean of voice acting? His characters seem to die a lot.
Watching Kamen Rider FaizSuddenly loli Aoi YūkiNice8She is in Neptunia as IF in every game.
8i think she is in a shit ton of mobile games.
5Risa TanedaDoesn't she just voice cunts? I know her just as the cunt voice, what range?
5I love Mimorin.But as for most acting range, maybe Eguchi Takuya? He has a crazy range.
9
7Nevermind me, I read the OP incorrectly.
Ai Kakuma
4Mingosu-chan is a Miracle of the Universe!
8loli AocchanPicked up.
2And still no one will marry her, at this rate Sugita will get married before her.
9She voices a tsunderedere lesbian and a tsuntsun ojou-sama this season. She also has a role on DxD, but I don't watch that shit.
7What?アニメ2015年暗殺教室（不破優月[19]）GANGSTA.（ロレッタ・クリスチアーノ・アモーディオ[20]）ガンスリンガー ストラトス（竜胆しづね[21]）ビキニ・ウォリアーズ（パラディン[22]）Fate/kaleid liner プリズマ☆イリヤ ツヴァイ ヘルツ!（遠坂凛[23]）魔法少女リリカルなのはViVid（八神はやて）OVA2015年鬼灯の冷徹（大判）堀さんと宮村くん -好きだ-（吉川由紀[27]）咲日和（宮永咲）ゲーム2015年暗殺教室 囲い込みの時間（不破優月）御城プロジェクト（丹波横山城、福智山城、福知山城）乖離性ミリオンアーサー（遠坂凛）ガンスリンガー ストラトス リローデッド（竜胆しづね）新次元ゲイム ネプテューヌVII（アイエフ[54]）STELLA GLOW（ヴェロニカ[55]）神刻の娘（ソーサレス / 水原玲[56]）戦獄スレイヤー（堕天使ルシファー）ファンタジーアース ゼロ（強気な少女II）ファントム オブ キル（アロンダイト）封印勇者！マイン島と空の迷宮（“蒼白銀の魔法騎士”ソシエ）Fate/Grand Order[57]プリンセスコネクト!（栗林くるみ[58]）BLAZBLUE CHRONOPHANTASMA EXTEND（レイチェル・アルカード）桃色大戦ぱいろん+（ぷらす）（Tetra Another/R、Tetra（花粉症!ウィルス!ver.、Tetra（Sp2 花粉症!?ウィルス!?ver.）ミリオンチェイン（遠坂凛）ミリ姫大戦 −Militärische Mädchen−（フィーツェン[59]）モンスターハンター フロンティア オンライン（遠坂凛）ゆるかみ![60]LORD of VERMILION III Chain-Gene（竜胆しづね、遠坂凛）
6Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Most malesThat's about right. Like Wakamoto
Some of Nana`s voice is easily recognizable, but she's really good and she's great at giving expressions on her lines. You can clearly feel what she feels when she says her lines.
5Daisuke Ono. Hands down.
What kind of range do you mean.For example, when Koyasu played Pesche, he wasn't really doing a different voice, but he was acting significantly different than he does as, say, Dio.
Range
1No she isn't. Just because you aren't doing 3-4 shows a cours doesn't mean you're not working.
Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Mai Nakahara, hands down.Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Mamiko Noto. I really wish she would just stick to those gentle, shy typecast roles she used to do. She can't pull off badass characters.
2She can't pull off badass characters.Does that assessment include the action-y bits from Freezing?Pic: Just adding another role of hers, for the record.
1Fukuhara only seems to get 2 or so roles a year often pretty lame ones, and who was Kato's last non-Hachikuji role?
8I haven't seen Freezing. I was thinking more along the lines of her role in Rinne no Lagrange.I wasn't crazy about her performance as Taihou, either.
7Either Namikawa or Tomokazu Seki have the most acting range on the male side.doesn't know Yamadera Kouichi
3Good taste.
0Freezing is vulgar rubbish, but it has its moments. Also, a very horny and battle-happy HanaKana.Yeah, Taihou wasn't exactly a demanding role, so it was good to keep expectations low.
I want more Hocchan in my life.
9She will outlive us all, you know.
KitaEri has God-tier range.Hot womenLolisCute boysLeading men MahiroOnly Sawashiro has better range IMHO.

7Her transition between moeblob to bitch is amazing.
95
9Ryuko and Kallen Stadfeldt....but also somehow Yukiko Amagi and Agnes Oblige. She's definitely up there.
1She's pretty good as Artesia in Gundam The Origin and she took over from her mother Keiko Han as Lalah too.
5She has range, but not impressively big.But Sumipe is cute!
2And her characters are so spectacularly popular!
5Did people really hate Fubuki? I just thought they hated the way she was treated as the most special snowflake of them all because TTK had a dream.
idgaf
3It's natural if unreasonable they start to hate her too, I think. She's great in the 4koma, though; she shows up occasionally to nudge the scenario along, then steps aside for the other characters.
5Kitamura Eri
2I don't get it and google says High Fructose Corn Syrup?
2Guess what's in everything.
1Yukarin;_;
2not being AmericankekWhy even live?2being AmericanKekWhy even live?
I think Fukuyama Jun have a huge range.
I don't think females can have that big of a range compared to male ones.I can't think of any off the top of my head otherwise I would have said Rie Kugimiya.
5Nightmare mode: No Chiwa Saito.I don't follow seiyuus at all, so it's a well known fact that Chiwa Saito has ridiculous range?I realized it just recently myself and was blown away
5Matsuoka Yoshitsugu, his cute voice and cool voice is good
1his cute voiceAre you serious? He sounds like he's petting a baby. Obnoxious retard voice
1mfw Nakahara hasn't had a main role in 2 yearsIt hurts. ;_;
9His voice for Bell is cute.
2Eh? Isn't usually the female one who has the bigger range? I can't recall any male VA with impressive range other than Namikawa Daisuke.
9Well I am not watching Danmachi because it's utter garbage, but I heard the long screaming scene and that was pretty cute, I admit.
4have you seen the video of her saying tongue-twisters in yui's voice, that shit's amazing
6She's really good at voicing empty shallow whores. Not that I don't like it.
5Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Koshimizu, Accelerator, maybe Tomato.Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?HanaKana, Kamiya, Sawashiro, Sugita, FukuJun. Kajii too, though he mostly voices faggots. Fumiko Orikasa, though you can argue that she's typecast Rukia, Riza Hawkeye, Seras Victoria, that occult girl from Sket Dance.
0empty shallow whoresThat's not very nice.
3Her own words, not mine.


Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Ogura Yui. It might sound forced but damn if it aint cute. Not to mention she can sing well with that kind of voice too.
Reminder that Nana Inoue and Aoi Yuuki will be live this Sunday on Nico.
4MimorinMuh nigga
9Doesn't she just voice cunts?IIE SENPAI
0Hino Satoshi - just compare his Kamui in Gintama and Isaac in Log Horizon.
Whose's voice does your favorite seiyuu like?For example, it's well known that Aoi Yuuki is a huge fan of Sawashiro's work. Same but to a lesser extent with Nakamura and Sugita.I've also heard her complimenting Yuki Kaiji saying it was "cute", besides the character he voiced in VVV was her favorite and Hiroki Yasumoto's voice.
3Sugita kinda likes Kuwashima Houko's voice
Is she gonna make it through the year, lads?
5Sugita also likes Hayamin.And Nakamura has a soft spot for Mamiko Noto's voice.
0You didn't take my kindabait
4This kind
8I exclusively like Hentai VA's because I like watching their voice getting fucked by a guys voice that isn't mine.
128:00 is 4 am Japanese Time right?
5Ishida
1no_
3Kamiyan seems like Hocchan's voice for Hanekawa Tsubasa.
9Listen to Kohinata Yukari fros YYS. I don't know which is the deepest voice she did. Xenovia?
1Matsuoka pounds that pussy every night.
1beta faggot voice and gary stu voiceFixed
Is it me, or is Tomato no longer getting much love in these threads? She rarely seems to get posted anymore.
4Cause she doesn't have any roles anymore m8. Its to be expected really since she is going on her live tour this Summer and she is releasing her new photobook to boot. Anime seems to be second place with her in her priorities. That being said, I am looking forward to the scans and rips of the tour. I think it has just gotten to the point that only you and I circle-jerk her in the threads.
1That picture is very appropriate. It's as if she's going to cry.
Has there been any seiyuu who has been to the Philippines?
What's your favorite song from your favorite seiyuu? Wareta Ringo is my favorite, I think it's the best from Taneda Risa 
1character song or song by them?
Who here actually likes idols?From the way most of the thread post I feel like a lot of people have the potential to become idol fans but hate the idea cause so they go with 3DPD and "seiyuu's are actually talented"
7Both of them is okay.
9I don't think I'll actually become an idolfag, though I like to see seiyuus that sing on stage like Nana, Sakamoto, Mimori, HanaKana.Also that sing in evens like in here 1
1Courage from SAO.
2don't you like songs from her albums MKL?
1
6Which one is he?
4
6But Courage was pretty good.
1Hare Hare Yukai ver. Kyon. If unofficial works are counted, then Shinkon Datte Dounanda. 9I like people with actual musical talent ie. sing well and/or being able to compose, not random girls raised on a pedestial to be a product.
4Strange, I wouldn't even call Courage one of her best songs. It just lacks any originality to it and kinda feels like it was just written for a show like SAO. Asu Iro Himawari, Q&A Recital and hell even Monochrome I would just say are better songs. But hey, the world don't move to the beat of one drum.
2
4me on the left
4Well she's half after all. Not that it matters.
4She. Doesn't. Count.
Most acting range: TomatsuGood at what they do: Kobayashi
like her voice. Espescially in ero scene.
Best deal this season.
9The elf girl from Danmachi.
1She will. Don't worry. She'll push through.
6my nigga
5
0Eguchi is a big guy.
Dont forget Aya Hirano!
Horino Sayaka
There's something about Nakamura Eriko that turns me on. I think it's her, a happy loco voicing two-goody shoes character like im@s Haruka.
3For you.
1She's married and has a 13 years old son.
Who is this semen demon?
8Ohhhh yeaahhhhh~
1Character song? Seigi wo Shinjite.From her albums? Visumania or Angelique Sky.
3hella obsessed with HanaKana
1Now she's an actual old fart.
2But then again, it could have been just the bag.
7ad for the latest smartphone ?shows movies being watched on shitty portable dvd playerjapan pls
That ZR.
9Ever since Tokyo Ravens where she was together with Kana in the recording, only because Kana told her "Your legs look good", she wears skirts the days she goes together to the recording with her I can only imagine how exited she is in the nisekoi recordingsbe told to hate HanaKana in Psycho Pass 2 as the kouhai that hates senpaibe told to absolutely adore her with the siscon imoutoAnd she was told she will do Haru the time she was told to hate Kana in PP2, "I said Thank you god "
4Futari Wa Jew Noses
5has some pretty nice legs.
, 
I just dumped a girl who earnestly asked me out. As I look to the sky with a serious look on my face, my eyes twinkling with the reflection of fireworks, I think to myself, "God damn, why am I so fucking cool?"
5He wants that Yukino and Hiki.
5I have just dumped a childish, annoying and clingy girl, but I still feel bad for her.Fixed.
5YukinoWrong Y.
5earnestlyShe wasn't completely serious. As phony as her personality is, it was probably partly made-up; the adorable widdle kouhai swooning over her hunky senpai.And let's be honest, she's doomed to eventually get wet for 8man anyway.6Yuki-nee?
3She wasn't completely serious. The point is that this time she was, because of Hachiman's genuine speech. No idea if the anime cut that, but in the novel Hachiman pointed out that it wasn't a good moment for a confession and she replied that she couldn't restrain herself from trying to get something genuine after eavesdroping from behind the club door.
, 
, 
, 
I wanna get all fucked up on jewel shards and fight demons
5Man I hate to admit how much I liked this series as a kid. it's also not easy to admit it was on reflection, really not very good.
Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Still to this day Inuyasha is my favorite anime
5I want to breathe fire and turn demon teeth into swords!
6You must really like eating shit then.
0m-muh taste in drawings for children is much more patrician
5You will never have some loser from the future fall out of the sky, release you from your magical slumber, and enslave you into fighting demons for her benefit while traveling the countryside with other talented people somehow pulled into the sway of her uselessness.I had dreams, once. ;_;
2Amazing musicCaptivating RomanceInteresting plotEngaging settingNot great, but decent charactersIt wasn't bad. If it hadn't gone the cash-cow route it would be a top tier shounen.
6Can I do a case study on you bro
2It's got more ups than downs going for it in my opinion. It's just repetitive, not exactly bad.
I think the biggest problem was Rumiko Takahashi was a comedy writer, where you really can get away with no progression week after week for years and years as long as something funny happens.
6Inuyasha is shit though.LAST TIME ON INUYASHAKAGOMEEEEEEEINUYASHAAAAAAKAGOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEINUYASHAAAAAAAAAAAAA[plot recap]Demon shows up, does a thingMiroku tries to wind tunnel the thing, but ugh the wind tunnel is spreading ughDemon talks about doing more thingsInuyasha or Seeshy show up and do a bigger thingKAGOME....INU....YASHA....NEXT TIME ON INUYASHAEvery episode is like this
8No it's pretty bad.When one of the first characters you add has a series breaking ability, ie Miroku, and the only way you stop him from solving all the problems is the magic Wasps-outta-nowhere bullshit time after time, it's pretty shit.
, 
Who can beat Zodd the Immortal?
8guts
8Griffith
Mihawk can kill him. Mihawk is the strongest swordsman in the world. This is a fact.
your mum
a pipebomb
8Madara
7Are you refering to Uchiha Madara with the Mangekyo Sharingan?
8Emperor Ganisha. Zodd had no fucking way of beating the emperor by himself.
79Is there a character that could even possibly EVEN TOUCH Madara Uchiha? Let alone defeat him. And I’m not talking about Edo Tensei Uchiha Madara. I’m not talking about Gedou Rinne Tensei Uchiha Madara either. Hell, I’m not even talking about Juubi Jinchuuriki Gedou Rinne Tensei Uchiha Madara with the Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan and Rinnegan doujutsus with the rikodou abilities and being capable of both Amateratsu and Tsukuyomi genjutsu, equipped with his Gunbai, a perfect Susano’o, control of the juubi and Gedou Mazou, with Hashirama Senju’s DNA implanted in him so he has mokuton kekkei genkai and can perform yin yang release ninjutsu while being an expert in kenjutsu and taijutsu.
8Demonbanehe's a bigger guy than him
mfw Miura is so sick of writing this manga that Puck pulls out some comedic relief bullshit that OHKOs Zodd and Griffith in the final chapter
shiki can kill zodd discuss
1The butthurt would be so amazing the world might just end itself because nothing else could top it. I will be making offerings to my Altar of Khorne for this to happen.
8Arguably Skull Knight, and I say arguablebecause despite fighting SK several times Zodd isn't dead. We don't know if thats because SK can't outright kill Zodd or just won't for some reason. On the other hand, it definitely seems like SK is more in control during their skirmishes.Ganishka seemed to be doing a goodjob kicking Zodd's ass, since Zodd had noway of attacking him directly until he threw Guts at him. That said, I don't know if Ganishka could have straight killed Zodd. He knocked him around, but it didn'treally seem like he was close to finishing Zodd off. And the moment Zodd had any means to land a hit the fight was over instantly.The only individual we've seen outright dominate Zodd was Godhand Femto. It was hardly even a fight, just a one sided bitch slap. Zodd knows Femto could end him with no effort. That along with the promise of glorious battle are the reasons he's riding Femto's dick almost as hard as Casca figuratively and literally did.Finally there's Guts. Like Skully, our hero has had a nonlethal run in with manbullcat. Unlike Skully, he did not seem to have the clear upper hand. Nevertheless he held his own. But this was before Guts got cursed armor, so many fans believe that because Zodd didn't one sidedly maul Guts before, a stronger Guts would one sidedly maul Zodd now. Maybe, maybe not. Zodd is an important figure, and I think people underestimate what that means if they're expecting Guts to swat Zodd like a fly at any point.Guts will kill Zodd eventually, but one way or another it will be a struggle.
917Oh shit we were suposed to be joking? Oh, okay. Kamesennin's turtle.
Zodd from superman. There can only be one.
1The second D is silent.Speaking of which, Django. Django could kill Zodd. And Zod.
With all these muscles he can't reach for his head.He'll suffocate on a plastic bag.
2The bag was ordained by causality. But what if there was a behelit in it?
1implying there ever will be final chapter
8It comes out next week. It's three pages of Puck telling jokes and one page of him killing the Godhand and IoE with elf dimension style andna one panel epilogue of everything being okay. Then a page of scenery porn with each individual rock and blade of grass rendered in detail because Miura.
0Honestly, I think Skully is way stronger than what has been shown this far in the manga. Firstly we see him cut of Zodds arm outside the ecplise, still has enough strength to jump inside literally hell and attack the godhand straight up. Further proceeds to land in the middle of all the apostles, infront of Femto and just fuck off without taking as much as a blow.Femto might have given them the slip as he was shown to contemplating wether to crush them with his spacetimegravityhax.He goes wherever the godhand appear in this world and just wreck shit left and right as he goes, just look at Qlipoth, a fuckton of ogres was obliterated without as much as an effort, and his plan was going after Slan.Then he fucking charges Femto ontop of ganeshka or whatever his name was while Zodd is there aswell, attacking without any hestitation.Skully is much like Zodd, just wandering the earth looking for strong people to fight, with his eyes set on the strongest, the Godhand. I think he could have killed Zodd many times, but he doesnt because he likes the "rivalry" and it would be far to boring without him around.
6Would SK do something so frivolous as.leaving Zodd alive out of sentimentality? I don't know, he's too mysterious.About the fight during the eclipse; is it not implied that Skull Knight would have intervened sooner if Zodd hadn't been standing guard? If nothing else Zodd seems able to distract Skull Knight for a long time and keep his attention focused on him. It seems to me Skull Knight took the first chance he could create to break away from fighting Zodd and do what he came there to do in the first place. If SK could have just killed Zodd in a second and headed in, he didn't show it. So is Zodd really no threat?
8Doraemon.
I just want to see Zodd start fighting against Griffith's army because he's bored and desires to have more fun battling against them.
Whats the appeal of this show? I tried watching this because it's apparently made by the same group who made TTGL in which I adore.It seems to me that this series based all upon fanservice boobs with no story. I'm on episode 6. Does it get better?
0yes, it's complete garbage.
If you don't like it by episode 6, you should drop it. It's not gonna get any better.
4This might sound weird but I want to continue because I hate feeling left out. All of my online anime friends have watched it and loved it and I feel like the only one who hasn't seen it. I want to like it I really do.
0You need to be straight, or at least bisexual. Have you tried prayer?
I recently realized the problem with KLK for me was, besides copying almost every story element and the first ending off various things cause muh parody, was that the hype would die.Like, something good would start, but then drag out a couple episodes, que muh depressed Ryuko and it just got boring. Rinse and Repeat. 8Could you be any more of a faggot? We all love Boku no Pico, do you need to fit in with that too?3Honestly, I think fanservice was KLK's weakest point. Booty shots was all it was good for.
3Fanservice works in small doses. When the whole series is based upon it everything seems forced. Even the humor.
8You shouldn't watch a show if you're not enjoying it. Nobody should treat watching shows like some kind of chore. Just because it's popular doesn't mean it's for everybody.
8I'm not referring to /a/ if thats what you mean when you say "we". I rarely lurk here let alone post here. Like, you know when you are a long time member of an anime forum and everyone has an avatar from a character from Kill la Kill. Thats what I mean.
0Ryuko a best, that's all.
Yes, it does get better.
Remember that brief phase when some people were convinced KLK is a satire of fanservice?
0The only thing you'll miss out on is the mother daughter bath rape scene. That's about it.
Great characters and music, Story is slow at the start but gets interesting deep into it.It seems to me that this series based all upon fanservice boobs with no story.Yeah you're way off the mark.
4what episode?
3But it pretty much is.
The only good thing was the livewatch with /a/, everything else about it is bad, from the anime to the threads to the fanbase.
8You're a pathetic loser. More so than most people here.Go back to Facebook.
8All of my online anime friends have watched itFucking kill yourself, faggot
876pls no more bullying.
0After a while I was beginning to think this was true.
3One of the later episodes
I live watched it with /a/ and enjoyed it, and then as soon as the show ended I kinda sat back and thought "why did I do this?" I haven't seen the OVA or kept up with the threads.It's kind of like killing a hobo. It's fun in the moment but you sometimes look back and regret it.
Okay guys you convinced me. I'm going to try to stick with it and finish it. Thx f/a/ggots.
0Mako is gay, that was the only appeal for me since episode 1 and it was worth it.
0No it's terrible and it doesn't get better it gets worse
0The appeal was that everyone else was watching it too. If you missed watching it live with /a/ and every other board there's no reason to watch it at all.
It's great and anyone who can't enjoy it is a pleb of the highest order, or a faggot with a stick up his ass.
1"If you don't like what I like then you are a pleb and a faggot!"
1Mako is gay/u/fag delusion at its finest
I think Kill la Kill is hard to pinpoint because TRIGGER has shown it's smart enough to undermine stereotypes and to mock typical anime tropes and plots. But at the same time they love to do homages and pop-culture references so sometimes what might seem like blatant fan service is referencing something else.While it does strongly resemble the typical works of Go Nagai, there's a constant sense of undermining what Nagai would always right very seriously. But honestly I think it's best if you try not to overanalyze KlK too much. Much like Gurren Lagann the more you dissect it the more you lose the overall appeal which is just a CUH-RAY-ZEE over the top mildly surrealist anime designed to look good and have fun doing it.Also Senketsu is best girl.
7You just kill another hobo to feel the thrill again. Unfortunately, there's nothing thrilling about rewatching bad anime.
8Do like me and say its on your backlog for ever
I smiled so hard when Mako showed up in her Fight Club uniform againAlso Ryuko/Mako is canon
6"If you like what I don't like then you are a pleb and a faggot!"
1Are you retarded?
0except it is
3Different anon but I'm bi as fuck and I hate klk. Its a meme show for newfags with no taste and the fan base is literally sao tier.6The end theme tells you the twist, if you could even call it a twist.3Its got the story of a bad one shot 2000s shounen. 3Its was true to the show the first few EPs and by first few I mean ep 2
7Not really
KLK is a good show if you enjoy fun. It's bad if you're a pretentious autist, however.
7is it even fanservice if the show expects you to stop caring about it only a couple of episodes in?
0fuck off newfag
7I'm not pretentious. I just want to waste time with something that isn't good.
0Its a pretty good parody of TTGL, don't treat it as anything more. Except the soundtrack, that's better.
It was fun watching it with /a/ but it's not a masterpiece.
0Whats the appeal of this show?Satsuki
MY DICK
, 
anime movie PVIt will animate by Polygon Pictures.【STAFF】 原作：桜井画門 （講談社『good! アフタヌーン』連載） 総監督：瀬下寛之 監督：安藤裕章 シリーズ構成：瀬古浩司 プロダクションデザイナー：田中直哉 キャラクターデザイナー：森山佑樹 造形監督：片塰満則 美術監督：滝口比呂志 色彩設計：野地弘納 演出：鹿住朗生／りょーちも／井手恵介 CGスーパーバイザー：岩田健志／溝口結城／菅井進 音響監督：岩浪美和 音楽：菅野祐悟 アニメーション制作：ポリゴン・ピクチュアズ 配給：東宝映像事業部 製作：亜人管理委員会 コピーライト：（C）桜井画門・講談社／亜人管理委員会
7looks like a shit-tier game
I dunno, the spectres will be cool as fuck, but the edgelord protagonist holy fucking shit.
Ahhh, I would have prefered traditional animation.That 3D really doesn't look good enough for a movie if you compare it to something like Re Cyborg 009.
5the edgelord protagonist holy fucking shit.That's the second best part after super mario.
Polygon PicturesFucking why
Pedo-Chimo
7Are we fucking real here? What the fuck is this cgi garbage?Why, just why?
So is the ryona factor high in this show or is it only guys getting tortured??
Studio : Polygon Pictures Knights of SidoniaDirector : Hiroaki Ando Gambo, Norageki, Digital JuiceScript : Hiroshi Seko Seraph of the EndCharacter Design : Yuki Moriyama Knights of SidoniaArt Director : Hiroshi Takiguchi The Garden of Words, Hana to Alice Satsujin JikenMusic : Yuugo Kanno saga Psycho-Pass, JoJo’s Stardust Crusaders, Gundam Reconguista in GAt least the music will be good.
3Sidonia anime must be extreme popular
5I like the villain guy. He seems fun, even if he is planning on murdering everyone unlike him.
5So is the ryona factor high in this show or is it only guys getting tortured??Are there females in those bandages?
What's a Ajin?Fuck, where's Blames?
1fuck blamei want a biomega trilogy
8Fuck Biomega, I want an Abara OAV.
2Fuck that.
2fuck abara, i want Blame Gakuen! serialization
7Now THAT is some shit-tier CG.
7Why are his legs so long?
7I was certainly wondering what will be Polygon doing after they finished with Sidonia. I don't mind if they keep it at two productions per year. I'm not butt-mad about the full-CGI since Sidonia demonstrated that it can work. I don't like combining classic and CGI animation, though, since that is retarded.5 the edgelord protagonistStop using word you don't know meaning of. THe Protagonist isn't really edgy. He's just selfish and generally weird, which is honestly quite refreshing to see actually selfish main character.7First season sold surprisingly well and it made a noticeable impact in the indrustry being nominated for some awards and gaining praise from esteemed anime creators of past and present. Definitely not a phenomenal success but a success never less.1 BLAME! movie directed by Oshii Abara movie directed by Ootomo KatsuhiroHave been my sincere wishes for about ten years.
7MAMORU MIYANO INTENSIFIES
7This fucking CGI is the worst thing that has happened to an anime. I just hope that income from this movie will be so shitty that they will see how stupid it is and stop it before it spreads further
9It hasn't spread anywhere. It's just an already existing CG studio producing another CG anime.
7updates never
73D element doesn't blend in well with 2D. Goes the same for God eater.
6OshiiFuck off normie. He would just remove everything nice about itAbara is shit.
3God Eater isn't CG outside of the aragamis.
9Implying studio who only does CG stuff would stop doing CG because of low sales
4Are the Aragamis CG in the GE PV? I couldn't tell because of they were present only for a few seconds3What 2D? This is 100% CGI It's how Polygon does things
shit mangashit adaptationJUSTICEAjin manga is so awful. Literally pain to read.
8 hating Oshii hating AbaraWhat is this plebeian taste I'm seeing?
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
It's time.
Oh boy, new Birdmen chapter!It's just ch 11 getting translated againTired of this shit.
, 
post ot /a/I'll startAnsatsu Kyoushitsu - Episode 19Arslan Senki - Episode 9Kekkai Sensen - Episode 9Naruto Shippuden - Episode 415One Piece - Episode 695Owari no Seraph - Episode 9Plastic Memories - Episode 9Punchline - Episode 8World Trigger - Episode 32
, 
Since Rei committed mass genocide of humanity doesn't that make her evil?
She didn't commit mass genocide of humanity. She moved their souls back into where they came, and then made it possible for them to leave and resume real life.Instrumentality was going to happen if Rei had a part in it or not, without the option of ever returning to normal.Rei actually saved humanity, even those who had died in the wars before now have a new chance at life if they so desire.
It was all Yui's plan. She's the evil one.
4evilSuch shallow concept.
This movie was about souls?I thought this was all about subtext and incest
She's just following her nature. Besides, she's not Rei, she's Lilith.
4Are you kidding? Here is the mastermind.
2incestHuh, you know I just realized that Rei is technically Shinji's aunt.
Living is suffering, so no.
1You could begin life a new, with a new goal, a new meaning.Like punching Shinji in the fucking face until he dies.
8Isn't Rei technically his mother?
8I mean, if the Reis are clones of Yui, then it's as if they're just her identical twins.
8No.1Rei isn't a clone of Yui in NGE or EoE.
2Go away Oshii
4Yes she is. They took Yui's DNA as a base and put Lilith's soul into it.At best that would make Rei something of a half-sister to Shinji.
It was best for humanity.
1Implying Shinji thinks of Rei as his aunt
2They took Yui's DNA, mixed it with Angel DNA, and added Lilith's soul into it.Yui is one of Rei's biological parent, and Rei as Lilith is Yui's biological ancestor.
2Clones are gentically identical, with Rei she's 50% Angel and 50% Lilith, which is what gives her the abnormal features ranging from blue hair to red eyes, to the more extreme differences like controlled projection of AT-fields and levitation, limb regeneration and so forth.In relation to Shinji, it'd make Rei a sibling.
88Like I said, half-sister
83meta5me
9But not a clone of Yui.
5
Is Suna the broest bro to ever bro?
9Hell yeah, Suna's my hero.
9coincidence he's also the biggest cuck?
9I wish Suna was my bro
No that's Takeo.
Who would you rather have as a bro Takeo or Suna?
2Don't we all?
9This anime is so sad ;_;
He's bro, but I brobrobrobrobro
8Suna because I can have him both as a bro and a cumbucket.
8As bro - Takeo, I'll be sincerely happy for him and his girlfriend. I can't have Suna as bro since I want to ravage his boy pussy and corrupt him.
Suna might be a bro, but what kind of boyfriend would he be?
2Probably a bottom.
2The best kind
9Yes. Also he should fuck his sister, she's also hot and bro tier.
1Genuinely mad at the sister for not making a move on Takeo sooner.
7This.
I can't take this show. All the corruption in me is slowly fading away and I want to get a GF and a Suna/Takeo Tier and just enjoy my life.
8Takeo erryday. I always wanted a beefy friend. My only friends are all lanky and skinny.
2The most loyal.
Eh I'd rather have Takeo as my strong bro friend who can protect me when I'm scared and give me piggy back rides
8GF's like Yamato and friends like Suna/Takeo don't exist.
Am I the only one who wants to know Yamato and Suna's heights? Their heights in comparison to Takeo shift all the time so I can never figure it out. I'm guessing Suna is like 174 cm and Yamato is like 144 cm.
Touma is now your best friend, what do you do?
shoot him
8I beat the shit out of him for being so retarded for saving a criminal like othinus as well as him being so complacent like he doesn't know his worth.
Kill myself for having a highschooler as a best friend. I'm 27 god damn it.
I'm really not living my life correctly so I'd never hear the end of it.
Is the story to this supposed to be convoluted as fuck?
, 
, 
, 
I'm starting to lose all hope on a new season, thoughts on Black Lagoon /a/?
v good
0Last time I watched this shit was when I was in highschool.Might be worth watching again. It was pretty hype.
One of the few good dubs in anime history.
Would like a spinoff focusing on Hotel Moscow during the war.I just finished the series today and I gotta say, at first I was skeptical because the antagonists were full crazy. But once it got to the BAR weilding vampire loli trap child snuff film porn star I decided to just go with the flow.Gun porn was good but them not keeping track of mag sizes tickled my autisms chingchonghongkong gangster firing 10+ rounds out of his 1911s.Final arc was hype as fuck mostly due to ruskie operators.I want to fuck Eda in the missionary position.
1Heard news they are doing exactly thatBL was the shit. Started my jump back into anime if I remember correctly
7My dick.dat VSS when they are fucking the yakuzas shit upbaconface just watching shota axe vampire bleed outSo fucking good.Sorta wish Eda got more plot space after being revealed as CIA.
Maybe you should not make fancy entrance no moreMaybe you should wear a bulletproof vestWhy was Lotton such a fucking baller?
0new season? Fuck. New chapter never.Will the author ever be back?
0They'll make a new season when there's more manga to adapt aka Hiroe stops being a lazy fuck
9I don't think he's actually shot anyone yet
I want Revy to force me to give her a rimjob.
0They'll need more manga before they make more anime.9He's the wizard.3So basically at least another year.6You think he's ever pulled the trigger on those guns in his entire life?
0Lose all your hope anon, and then be pleasantly surprised when it gets released in 2020.
The Loveless of manga.
8Too late!
7baconface just watching shota axe vampire bleed outBetter in the dub, too. Baconface is 11/10 in English.
0Never, like Miura he just want to draw cute girl now.
6probably has, you don't get such nice weapons and never pop of a couple of shots
6So why doesn't he draw his cutest girls that much these days?
1He still draws Revy :^
1He did a character for the upcoming Bikini Warriors anime.He also did a doujin last year I think? where he depicted Black Lagoon as a TV show and the character were all actor.It also confirmed that the twins were both female
2It mentioned that the actors playing the twins were both female, despite one playing a boy. That confirms it the other way you moron.
Was there Viz Media digital release of the Volume 10 of Black Lagoon?
1In the case of Mr. Chang, the wanton disregard for magazine capacities is a deliberate nod to John Woo flicks, and in particular The Killer - his character design is completely lifted from that movie's protagonist.
6this guy knows what's up
2omakeconfirmed0I'm picturing him trying them out in a back-alley the first time, completely unprepared for the 1300 something RPM burst of 7.63mm Mauser he let loose, being a hair away from shooting himself in the head because him limp-wristing it caused it to stovepipe just in time because that's his luck.Also, who knows what he paid for them? Given the location they could have been circulating the region since the 1920s.
Bump
3Her bones are probably strong as hell.
5I want to give her my milk.
I would prefer a spin-off just focusing on these three, rather than a proper S4.
0you will never swallow revys poo
Just bought the whole series for 60 bucks. Best manga deal of my life.
0I'm starting to lose all hope on a new seasonThere's no such thing as new seasons anon. That's a lie to spare you from the painful truth.
Who Greenback Jane here?
Rei Hiroe will never make a manga following the adventures of a CIA-established brothel where the whores are also action heroines and they are all as delicious as his Black Lagoon women5Dem K-cup tits. Though I wonder, what is their actual size in Americups?
7To get the Americup equivalent just shift all the sizes down a notch. Jane is an I cup, Revy is a D cup, and Fabiola is a AAA cup.
7I actually like her more chink look in the beginning
7you will never know the feel of gentlty caressing and kissing her scars
7Fabiola sure is petite.
6SawyerTheCutest5Post the other 4
7i agree
, 
, 
Haha, there is only one true Yuyu...
How come /a/ never talks about God of Highschool? It's pretty cool.
Because a lot of us are jaded at the prospect of anime in highschool.If there's any place in anime where all of the tropes are there to run free..
gay gook comic
4I doubt it is any good, since it must be related to Highschool somehow.
I think I have already read or watched all possible combinations of asian highschools.I just don't care anymore
4What? Isn't God of Highschool on LINE? It isn't even really a manga. I posted a ToG thread here before and everyone said that it was for /co/.Anyways yeah most LINE comics are fucking great I wish there was more discussion of them
Best theme. Discusspic related
Dressrosa, when will it fucking end?!
Why do people call this the longest One Piece arc ever when Baroque Works arc is way longer?
2Baroque Works was better paced. Dressrosa has been stagnant for a while. For god sakes we have been over a month in 10 minutes.
2because the fights are long on top of being shitDaz Bones vs Zoro was far superior to Picca vs Zoro.
2Baroque Works was like 5 arcs though.
2Baroque Works was around 2 years and in that Two Years it wasnt just Alabasta. Dressrosa is the Alabasta of a bigger Doflamingo ark that started like 4-3 years ago.
5That's why I said it was longer.
4Comparing the entirety of Baroque with Dressrosa is disingenuous. Baroque was a Saga while Dressrosa is an ark. That being said the entirety of Baroque was around the 2 year mark, that's for an entire saga. Dressrosa, a single ark is on it's 2 year mark.
4Serious answer: In 3 to 4 months.
rebbeca is going to become engaged to luffy implying she exists for any other reason
7Sounds like a good way for luffy to get Rebecca murdered by his other wife.
Save me, Lucy!Why did I laugh so hard?
8And just to compare, the first time Baroque Works agents appeared was in chapter 103 and Alabasta ended around chapter 217. That was from 09/06/99 to 02/04/02. The Pirate Alliance Saga started in chapter 654 and it keeps going. It started in 01/30/12 so it's been more than 3 years since that Saga started.
8the entirety of Baroque was around the 2 year markFrom entering Whiskey Peak to Luffy knocking out Croc with Gomu Gomu Storm? All that only took 2 years?I call bullshit, anon.
4until eren reach basement
0Well thanks to my actual research that's shown here 6 you don't need to call anything. Now feel free to delete your post.
6the first time Baroque Works agents appeared was in chapter 103That was Reverse Mountain wasn't it?
8Combined with Punk Hazard9since both arcs are directly related, then it would be like 3 years, isn't it?
will sanji ever get his role back as the 3rd strongest?straw hats have been so weak since the time skip, they used to have 3 monsters, now they only have 2 and ussop cannot fill the void.
2Yes, that's the first time Baroque Works appeared. All of Baroque Works Saga happened in 2 & 1/2 years.8It's been around 3 years and 4 months since the Pirate Alliance Saga Punk Hazard and Dressrosa has started.
I hope we get an explanation of why he can Parasite those two and not Luffy. Is it just a difference in power?From the looks of things, Parasite can only control people who are much weaker, but can prevent almost anyone from moving
0It's been over a year since Sanji and Nami have appear on the Manga.
4ever since the timeskip though sanji has been worthless, he used to be zoro tier now look at him.
0Beleve it or not, there was a time when this series actually had good pacing.
9No, it never had good pacing. It used to have tolerable pacing.
2Mostly because Oda has been taking a lot of breaks.
8well he has cancer so
, 
I thought this was better than the original Gatchaman. Do I have bad taste?
6Bad taste? MAN! I could go to sweden and check every citizen taste there and i wouldnt find anyone with a shittier taste than yours.
0Cause they lick asshole, guys.
6No, its was a great show.
The OST was god-tier.
implying anyone here watched original Gatchaman
6It wasn't really Gatchaman, so yes.
6liking Gatchaman Autistsat allLiterally the worst taste.Hajime a shit
9:
6BLADENIGHTSINSCROWDS
/a/good tastechoose one.
09Reddit please go.
6Yes, don't be an underage faggot and watch the original series. Also, play Tatsunoko Fight on PS1.
6I want to punch that retarded face.
Second season fucking WHEN?
6July
, 
, 
Fantastic anime; only faggots disagree
Yeah, it's good. If you're 13 years old.
Just don't reply.
claim shit is good also claim that everyone who disagrees is a faggotBabys first troll.
5Don't you see how popular Hunter x Hunter is around here?
9I rather be a cockmongling faggot than having a taste as shit as yours.
9Besat anime ever!
, 
What was the point of the last 8 episodes again? If they ended the season at episode 16, it would've been the perfect adaptation. It might've even been AOTY for 2013. The way they handled the entire Sisters arc was perfect. The arc after that was totally pointless and boring.
9OP you know you didn't have to watch the fillers and just could have stopped after episode 16.
Hope the same thing won't happen if they do a new adaptation. Maybe they can do Railgun SS + Daihaseisai for the new season without fillers
The manga is fucking boring too since christmas
The director hates serious shit, so he threw that retarded arc in.
At least Febli was cute.
If you squint hard enough, the Febri arc just was a discount Sisters arc but one where Saten and friends get involved instead of Touma. There's too many parallels for it to not be.
I figure Silent Party was a necessary evil. It garnered the continued support and yen of waifufag secondaries who wanted the Sisters arc to resolve without Touma jumping in.Of course, in order to pull this off, they had to make villains with only a tiny fraction of Accel's threat level, make characters OOC Yomikawa of all people giving a wink and a nod to children fighting?, and have Misaka learn a valuable lesson on friendship that she will promptly unlearn once she returns to her canon self.
5Febri's encounter with Aogami was the only scene in the second arc worth watching
Sisters Arc was tedious shit, SOL is the only good part of Railgun.
I was disappointed we didn't get any SoL of Misaka with her sisters.
Febri happened.
Complaining about fillers after a perfect canon arcDoesn't just stop watching it after the canon arcNiggas are really retarded.
8Nagai, stop posting and start making S3.
Please for the love of god somebody got the cap of Piyo tans ass from the latest episode! Also Etotama thread since there isn't one!
editionblatant /r/ thread
6What the hell, why nobody is posting?I'm dissapointed /a/.
since there isn't one4
What's the best way for a woman to be turned into a cat-woman?
6tailplugs/h/
6Actually, the traditional way is for a pet cat who loves her human owner to become human for him. Its an expression of love and can be accomplished through "reincarnation" after the pet dies or simply magic. This is not to say that a woman cannot become a catwoman, for cosplay or through teleporter malfunction or other scientific misadventure. However, as Selina Kyle Catwoman shows the transformation from human to animal is may be accompanied by psychotic break and/or loss of "humanity" or morals. Like werewolves, the human-to-cat girl is more likely to be "beastial" or degrade mentally over time than the cat-to-catgirl.The basis of tradition is a centuries old legend about a trickster animal, similar to kitsune "nine-tailed foxes" or Swan Maiden in the west. While Disney versions borrow from the Frog Prince by making the Princess turn into a swan, swam maidens were originally something quite different. Returning to the japanses legend however, the story is about a man who meets a woman and marries her, only later suspecting she may be a cat in disguise. He hides where she can't see him and watches her catch mice, thus the spell is broken. In some versions it is a twin-tailed cat, similar to a nine-tailed fox, and there may be still further versions of the story that we don't have space to cover here.
8Danny, shut the fuck up.
8the transformation from human to animal is may be accompanied by psychotic break and/or loss of "humanity" or morals. Like werewolves, the human-to-cat girl is more likely to be "beastial" or degrade mentally over time than the cat-to-catgirl.I'm down. Would make an actually interesting/thoughtful catgirl story.
So with that whole "date" thing on the last episode, is it supposed to imply she's a lesbian, or is it supposed to just be the two of them hanging out?
What do you think the scissors were all about, anon?
greatest love story every told
5Cutting ties.
9Just them hanging out. It's pretty obvious that she's not a lesbian.
What did she see?
Stupidest thread I've seen all day. And I just woke up.
a tiny japanese penis
8 She saw her son masturbating. She knew he did that already, its just strange to see.
H-Hey
5What emotion is this face trying to convey?
8What if she walked in on her son and his girlfriend in action instead?
Bump for interest
5Stupidest thread I've seen all day. And I just woke up.That statement doesn't have the same effect you think it does. If you'd had a full day already and this was the dumbest thread you'd seen that would mean something. The first thread you've seen today being the dumbest thread you've seen today is automatic.
3autism. you have it.
8Where is this from?
1I could care less
1But he is right.
3Sauce?Google failed me
7
7That would mean you care at least a little bit. It should be "I couldn't care less", meaning it would be impossible for you to care less about it than you're caring about it right now.
52Context, guys
2autism. you have it.
8You're right, it expresses an extreme level of apathy in this situation.
3I just tried Sadpanda and got nothing.
34Looks like Takasugi Kou's work.
83Image search turns up nothing. Sauce?
4For me google returned "Mugen Tensei 2014-10", but second time I've tried it returned nothing. I checked and it's on Sadpanda.
85Itosh ino Musuko wa Dare no Mono But I can't find it translated
8sauce on this?
Takasugi Kou + translated + incestwow it's fucking hard
9Except it isn't translated yet you smartass.
Don`t let it die yet, bros
5for all intensive purposes, his point stands
1he schooled you faggot go back to bed and never wake up you fucking disgrace
7It's a doggy dog world.
9intensive purposes
9Not that guy, but it doesn't. Especially since looking for Takasugi and incest is like looking for Clover and femdom. You're gonna have to be way more specific than that.
3Really not a fan of parent/offspring incest.
3baited this hard
4Well, I was just playing doubles advocate.
4Takasugi Kou hasn't done incest in a while.
your mother will never suck off your morning wood before seeing you off to school
8full censorship
3You could've stopped it, Americans. You were the ones who made the Japanese go full on retarded with genital censorship
7Not even the Americans can stop the Americans.Goddamn Americans...they ruined everything.
8What a troublesome dick.
3fapping to cocksGay.
7It's gayer to not fap to cocks
7Fapping to cocksGay.Not even close, anon
8If this shit isn't translated am I being rused?
Does someone know this artist?
0ok
0marumiya
0I think you'd have more luck at /r/. Alternatively you could take your sneaky request stuff to /d/, who probably know more about the genre.
2My theory is that the phrase started out with a sarcastic emphasis on COULD. So it actually made sense. Then people dropped the sarcasm from "could" and just said the phrase.I mean....uh, anime, incest, dicks, hentai, etc....
3I think that was his joke.
Snorting cocaine and pure msg off a hookers ass while the gimp spanks my ass. Also anime.
5Couldn't "I couldn't care less" also be anywhere on the continuum if we're ignoring context?
0Forget the artist. What's the name of this?
0uno makoto
2Mama Tama
4I just found this exact same manga and it took me like thirty seconds.
Stop bullying Christians, japs.
They're still butthurt about getting bitch slapped when they thought they could expand out of their shitty island; so they continue to blame foreigners for their own mistakes, and we all know that foreigners are all blonde, blue eyed and Christian.
5we just wanted to travel world. America pig smacked us down. we didn't even do nanking that was false flag.
5Feels more like they're mocking the "convert or die" mentality prevalent during the Crusades rather than Christians as a whole.
9Sure
1Read something about the Crusades before spewing shit from your mouth, please.
4Everyone back then was convert or die. Also, weren't Turks far more accepting anyways in the end.
4They're closer to muslims than anything. That fat fuck reminds me more of a sultan than a pope.
9That's a king, so no surprise he's not reminding you of a pope.
1The early Caliphate was fine with people being different religions as long as they paid a tax.People always bring this up whenever islam comes up and then forget the turks liked to kidnap young christians, cut off their balls, give them guns, and send them off to their deaths.
I think the japs are just tired of christfags foretelling the end of the world
1First, the most famous crusades were before turks came there.Second, they were called because Christians were not allowed access to the Holy Land.Third, yeah, ottomans were pretty accepting.9The fact that they're poor as fuck, considered barbaric and the fanatical killing of children is muslim-like, but the cross and "Innocentius" are pretty obvious.
4I come from a country that was pagan before it had a crusade called on it.I thank the Germans for the infrastructure but all national records and folklore point to it being very much a convert-or-die situation.
Jesus have four arms
8Every religion is shit and harmful.
8The early Caliphate was fineIs that why they literally had the Euphrates river blackened with ink by burning and drowning tens of thousands of Persian volumes of records and books?2Turksaccepting
7Uhm, well...
1weren't Turks far more accepting anywaysTell that to the Armenians.
4Nigga what are you on about Innocentis is the moe of the season
4The one on top is the name plate? The second one is for the arms, and the bottom plank for the feet?
4six arms?!
0I meant the Abbassids, so i guess more to the middle.
2Or Greeks.Or Anatolian peoples.Or Kurds.Also anyone have any webms from the latest episode?
tfw no more templars to clean yurop again
0Turks massacred Greeks too? Even Kurds?I guess really no one did not massacre Kurds then in that region?
4Be meSimple Christan farmerMuj freaks have been invading our lands for awhileThey kill us and take our womenPope rallies us and tells us to fight on to the holy landSell everything I own to buy armor, sword, and a horseFight in multiple battle for my friends family and the church.Die in battleFF to 2000Reawake as a ghostSee my once glorious nation being ran by queers, man ladys, and mujLearn muj have taken over most of EuropeMfw I fought and died for nothing
7or they spread his legs too, and he had a big penis...
2Wanting more religious nutjobsWe just want to drink kvass and fuck, why can't they all just go and be nutjubs in the middle east/north africa and stay there.Fuck, they can even have spain. fuck spain.
2tfw no Mithradist bros to save Persia again
7Or maybe hes has one mean big dick.
Your face when you realize that Silver Mask is the actual legitimate claimant and heir to the Throne of Pars and Arslan is just a dirty imposter of a son of an usurper.
1Mesh isn't centered at originWorse than hitler.
8WE FIGHT FOR THE TRUE KING OF PARS
2Please, i did everything in edit mode in 1 minute without rigging.I hope it was intended as a joke.
8Should be quite obvious Arslan is the legitimate heir since he's not the son of Andragoras
3enjoy your eurabia.
2Wrong. Arslan is Andragoras's son, Mask is his cousin and Andragoras' nephew, direct son of Orses. Arslan is 100% traitor blood.
1Arslan is Andragoras's sonNot correct either. The queen had a girl ended up barren and they switched their girl with some random peasant's boy
3What he's saying is based off what is revealed from the LNs. Andragoras did knock her up, he isn't actually Orses' son.
3Arslan is not a girl!
1Then all those hints Arslan isn't Andragoras son would have been pointless
Is Arslan Senki good? Violent? What's it like?
KILL THEM ALL DARYUN, KILL THEM ALL.GO DYNASTY WARRIORS ON THEM.
1There was never any hints. Andragoras heavily resembles his older brother. He's just born looking more like his mother then his father. Unless you want to claim that BOTH Mask and Arslan are Orses sons.
4ChristiansLusitanians in the source material and the first ova were the moor though.
4
6Lustitanians in the source materialMoorsThey were also white as fuck back then, who cares. Back in those days, Christian crusaders and Muslim jihadists were practically the same in terms of mindset.
9It was hinted several times except for the Orses son part
3Not in the novels.
4Fair enough, but I was talking about the anime
0Where in the anime was it suggested Arslan is not Andragoras' son? Because he heavily resembles his mother? So that's your foreshadowing thinking he might be the older brother's son?
7Thats a variation on the actual Orthodox Cross. It has a board at the top for the name and a thing for him to stand on at the bottom that should be slanted.Fucking hick 'muricans with no eduction disgust me.
1Everyone back then was convert or dieNo, they weren't. Read a fucking book.
8talking about the umayyad caliphatebring up something some dirty turks did a thousand years later as a counterpoint Generalising like this just makes you look fucking retarded.
ADMONEO: DEVS VVLT
1Every group of humanity is shit and harmful
7Arslan doesn't resemble Andragoras at allAndragoras shows no signs of love towards ArlsanBoth pointed out as weird by characters. No reason to let characters point that out without reason.The queen shows no signs of love towards Andragoras, which makes it not unthinkable she could have cheated on him.Also, Darius got told to be loyal to Arlsan specifically, which heavily implies that being loyal to Arslan could not be the same as being loyal to Andragoras/the country.And no, it didn't foreshadow anything about being Oreos son, just not being Andragoras son.
3Arslan doesn't resemble Andragoras at all.That really doesn't say anything at all.Andragoras shows no sign of love toward Arslan.Andragoras is described as a personality of being a fierce traditional warrior-king, part of his reason for acting the way he does with Arslan is because he sees his son as a sheltered boy who has never experienced war.Both pointed out as weird by characters.Not really.No reason to let characters point that out without reason.People point out that Andragoras is harsh with his son and there's actually more references of how his mother ignores him then Andragoras being mean to Arslan.The queen shows no sign of love toward Andragoras, which makes it not unthinkable she could have cheated on him.Physically impossible. Secondly, Andragoras cucked his older brother's wife from him before killing him and stealing the throne, and forcing a young Silver Mask into hiding. She shows very little emotion with men in general, even her own son.Also, Darius got told to be loyal to Arslan specificallyVahriz told Daryun to be a proper retainer and follower as a knight to Arslan because Vahriz does the same with Andragoras. He's heeding his uncle's advice. There's no real ulterior motives or do you think Andragoras would really let this man, his supreme commander of his entire military force and kingdom, whisper sweet nothings about possible bloodlines behind his back?just not being Andragoras sonStill not seeing it. I just think Vahriz and the others are aware that there is hostility between Arslan and his father. Not anything that suggests he's not Andragoras son.
2FUCK ME. It's not ridiculously unexpected, but still, fuck me.
Arlan's just some orphan they raised as their kid. He's not related to the king or queen.
4But seriously those slant eyed monkeys should stop being so buthurt over jesus. We didn't even religious war them like most other parts of the world.
9Apostle of Grand Remplacement pls/pol/
Has there ever been in the history of anime a series where the church wasn't portrayed as an ancient, evil organization? inb4 just like real lifeIt had its ups and downs because of nepotism and because priests didn't necessarily listen to what they preached, but they were never outright pursuing an evil goal. Religion was just used as a tool by fat nobles to become richer and have some power over higher nobilitykings.
8All?It's always just 1 or 2 lunatics from the whole organization.
4I'm more bothered anime's choice of music whenever any rich people/Europeans and/or European architecture is portrayed in even modern settingsmfw a harpsichord and violin begin to play soulless weak jap rendition of simple classical music maybe they feel the same way whenever a Japanese city is portrayed in Western media, it's always that "koto" stringed instrument or whatever that starts twanging away
8never outright pursuing an evil goalBecause no one does that besides badly written villains.Still, for a long time in history the church itself was a major power and landowner and pretty much the same as those fat nobles you mentioned. The main difference was inheritance of the power and money.
0LustaniniaEuropeAlso why did he have to die? ;__;
6lusitania isn't europeWhat ? Did you still not get it or are you in denial ?
9nankingI saw a book about that. Lots of traumatic pictures, oh god
7
7North of the Black Sea is considered Europe by all common definitions of the term.
4But they worship the false God that seeks to imprison all life in the material universe forever, not the true god or Sophia.
7I don't really understand how a fantasy map can be a counter argument to there being carbon copies of crusaders. They even have a cross of Lorraine, it's a real christian symbol.
8and pretty much the same as those fat nobles you mentionedSorry if I wasn't being clear enough in my post, but I was saying that the fat nobles WERE the church. That's why it wasn't as good as it claimed to be.
4christianWhich one? Scientology,Mormon, LDS and Moonies are "christian" too...
0maybe they feel the same way whenever a Japanese city is portrayed in Western media, it's always that "koto" stringed instrument or whatever that starts twanging awayInstrumental versions of this are also rather popular 
9we didn't even do nankingGood boy
2Muslim states were rich as fuck, arguably richer than Europeans. In fact the reason why Crusaders invaded the middle east was because they were poor. German knights are biggest evidence of that.Considered barbaric? Crusaders were considered barbaric, till this day. And they killed children, especially Jewish ones.Then again, we're talking about Catholics, the people who sacked the greatest Christian city Constantinopole and effectively ended an iconic cultural center of Greco-roman civilization.Heck, the most revered Crusader King, Lionheart, slaughtered children massacre at Ayyadieh when Saladin's strategy pissed him off.
8Well I wouldn't be so sure. Ever heard of Nicene Creed aka The Symbol of Faith?
, 
Come and visit our beautiful town.
I fucking hate the cat.
Every fucking day, every single fucking day this little faggot just sits there and gives me this stupid look on her face.
that fucking cat
class="quote"The upcoming issue of Weekly Shonen Jump magazine has confirmed that Dragon Ball Super will starting airing in Japan on July 5th, 2015. This was the date speculated by many, but now it’s great to see that it has been officially confirmed.Dragon Ball Super will be on Fuji TV every Sunday at 9:00am. It replaces Dragon Ball Z Kai which is currently airing in Japan. It’s at the Majin Buu saga, so the series is close to ending.How /hype/ are you, /a/?
simuldub?
Who fucking cares? Just browse deviantart for the same fucking experience.
4Simuldub when Son Goku and his Friends Return and Boo Kai aren't dubbed yet
2Toriyama has a deviantart?
2I'd browse DA if I were looking for something similar to GT, not this. People can whinge about "omg its just a recolore XDD" as much as they want, but the fact of the matter is it looks good Especially in motion and makes sense as the next natural evolution of Super Saiyan God. Imo, Recolors aren't allowed on DA, whereas DA is full of Furries like SS4 was.
5How /hype/ are you, /a/?Somewhat. But prepare for people to start shitting themselves because there are DB threads on /a/ and people need to "Save the board and keep it clean" by shitposting in them.you know, despite looking even more retarded than the people they claim are ruining /a/.
65but the fact of the matter is it looks goodWOW HAHAHA THIS IS WHAT DELUSIONAL TORIYAMA CIRCLE JERKERS ACTUALLY THINK!!No. Sorry. I liked DB/DBZ but there hasn't been a good movie or series in over 15 years. And it has just been regressing further and further into shit fanfiction territory the whole time. Toriyama is a hack, face it.
0There hasn't been a good movie or series in over 15 yearsExcept for BoG and Fukkatsu0Toriyama is a hackDo you even know what that means? He doesn't have to write anything Dragon Ball related unless he wants to, he just enjoys it.
I think it's safe to say that this show just isn't meant to be taken seriously.there's not much point in applying logic to a show where people don't die when they are killed.
3At this point I've lost all hope for son Goku and Friends getting dubbed. I don't know why they skipped over it.
0How are DB threads any worse than 24/hour Evangelion threads or SnK circlejerks?
3They are much, much, much, much, much, much, much worse. Worse than Naruto or One Piece threads even.7Wrong and wrong. Stop being so wrong, stupid and delusional please?
9Worse than Naruto or One Piece threads even.Care to provide an explanation why instead of just repeating ad hominem?
I'm just waiting to see if they actually retcon the ending of the buu saga0No, because he's a dumb shitposter that thinks he's helping the board by shitting up threads of anime he doesn't like
3I'd be happy if they retconned GT, but I'm annoyed the Super Saiyan 4 is gone. The Super Saiyan God form just looks so awful.
9WrongHave you even seen them? I can't speak completely to Fukkatsu's merits, but BoG in particular is well animated, well written, and balances action and comedy with interesting and likable characters. Who cares if Beerus and Whis are more overpowered villains, they're extremely entertaining and unconventional, and from a story perspective, Super Saiyan God is extremely different from the previous transformations.and wrongNo, really, do you know what hack means? Toriyama doesn't have to do anything at all related to Dragon Ball ever again if he wanted to just kick back with his castle made of money and get checks from Toei, but instead, he's staying involved with the series. He wasn't even going to be involved with BoG at first, but he heard it was being made and said "hey, I'm gonna help make this."
5I got over db, they should have done this 10 years ago
9cant tell if your just here to shitpost or if you're really that bitter
3retcon the ending of the buu sagaplease thiseven just some dialog change could make it better6SS4looks like Goku is some fucking digimon, tryhard shit designSSGodred hairi'll take a hundred pallet swaps before we go back to the over designed shit pile
7Well writtenWell animatedcomedyinteresting charactersInteresting charactersWELL WRITTENINTERESTING CHARACTERSWow. How about no?4The pallet swaps are just stupid as shit honestly. They are worse than anything in GT. Also, god, I hate all of the designs in BoG, just look at your pic. God that is fucking stupid holy shit.
8When I was talking about bad designs, I was talking about BoG and Fukkatsu of course. Both incredibly stupid in their own fanfiction tier ways.
8You know Super Saiyan is straight up just a pallet swap right? Just spike up his hair a bit and turn it yellow. I don't understand how fans of DBZ can want a really radical transformation when almost all of Goku's transformations barring SS3 and Oozaru were pretty minor.
8They are worse than anything in GTyou are either a shitposter or have not seen GT ever or since you were 12seriously go try to watch that shit again8thisits like 4 planted some idea that Super Saiyan levels need to be like digimon forms or somethingUltimate or 'mystic' Gohan is a popular form and its literally his base form but stronger
長い眠りから目覚めた破壊の神ビルスとの出会いや、かつて「宇宙の帝王」と恐れられたフリーザの復活に加え、更なる謎の人物も登場…？
6I'd be happy if they retconned GT,GT had been retconned for years. Hell it was never canon.8The pallet swaps are just stupid as shit honestly. They are worse than anything in GT.Haha, no.
Is it going to be shit?
0Yes. Even if it's good, it's shit.
2Even if it's good, it's shit.How does that make sense?
7I dunno, ask the people who will shitpost about it. They've already made up their minds about it, they're gonna call it shit from the moment it starts, and nothing will change their minds on it. They'll watch it, if they even watch it at all, with the sole intention of hating every bit out of spite or whatever it is that motivates them.
0I hope so.
still no logostill no key visualstill no trailer nor plot details
inb4 it uses the same opening song as original DBZ series
1sorry to disappoint you, but we already know the name of the OP and EDthe OP is titled Chozetsu ☆ Dynamic!
6Will it be as good as Dragon Soul?
2BoG was good, RoF was shit. We can classify these things.
8This is true
9RoF was shitMy Google fu is weak. Where did you find it?
2Dragonball in general was never meant to be taken seriously.
9It wasn't that they skipped over it. The rights issues were complicated.
6Haike Zarathusha is one of the better ED last year
6Why? They didn't have a problem with Episode of Bardock, what changed?
3I wonder what the retcon is. Do we know if this is still going to be placed between the defeat of Kid Buu and when Uub shows up, like the last two movies, or will Super actually take place after the end of Z's finale. Either way, I could see the retcon being them making some allusion to the events of the movie like SSGSS form, or possibly foreshadowing for whatever the future villain could be, like the other Gods of Destruction.
1CHA LA AKBAR SPARKLING
8Specials and OVAs are all situational. Everything regarding licensing anime is, really. The studio isn't just the only factor, as you have the rest of the production committee. Sometimes members of the committee have American branches, so hypothetically, Warner could technically own a show here in the states.
85I think the license for Yo Son Goku and Friends is owned by Shonen Jump, not Toei, since it was made for the Jump Super Anime Tour, and Shonen Jump seems a lot more restrictive about releasing it. It was originally only online, and since it ended in 2009 then even in Japan it's only had limited releases. It and the two other OVAs they made had a limited release, and the only other time it was available was for the limited editions of Battle of Gods.
5Who gives a fuck? You niggers need to fuck off back to reddit where you came from.
The Dragon Ball series in general is just as bad as Naruto
is there even any way to watch F? like seriously I want my sub so i can watch this shit when it actually arrives
1It was on youtube a few weeks ago
0Stop trying to start shit niggeryes it is
0
0Not really. New DBZ maybe, but not the good stuff.
5In only one month ? Looks pretty damn soon.
0Please. As bad as some of the pacing got in DBZ, it's nothing compared to all the filler Naurto put in. Even in the manga the pacing was bade, like how the final battle took over a year.
9DBZ aired on a monthly basis in Japan and it still had a fuckton of filler.Jap kids grew up watching Goku running the Snake waymfw imagining how they must have felt watching that episode where he falls down to Hell and has to start all over again
7I assume it would just be the removal fo the epilouge.
4DBZ aired on a monthly basis in Japanno it didnt. It was weekly
4If it ran on a monthly basis it would've finished airing in 2013, you mongoloid.
33Huh, I remember having read about it in a magazin a long time ago. Guess I got rused
4aired on a monthly basisWhen has that happened with any anime ever? OVAs, maybe, but not a proper episodic show.being this retarded
2Another mysterious being after the food of destruction and lord Frieza is showing up.Oh baby.
6Toei will draw out the fights by filling them with pans to the ground, stare downs,and yelling.
Does anyone have a link to the FnF movie?
5I'm hype. I haven't fooled myself into thinking it's gonna be some golden anime revolution, I'm just looking for fun things being fun. DBZ has never been super serious. And since it was a mostly episodic series with no beginning-to-end plot arcs, I think it's a pretty good candidate for a sequel/revival. Not like, I dunno, Gurren Lagann or something that has a definitive birth, growth, and finishing point.For everything I didn't like about it, I liked that the B-team got to at least have a showing in RoF. I hope Super will go more in that vein. As long as Piccolo wins a fight, I'll be psyched.
6Please no.
2I think the closest to that is the new Saint Seiya anime that's bi weekly
9Don't even try to deny it
Why didn't you protect her smile, /a/?
0She looks pretty happy to me by the end
Some smiles aren't worth protecting.
Because somebody already protect her smile
8Are you implying she got what she deserved because she actually had it coming, or her smile wasn't worth protecting because our dicks got to witness a delicious spectacle. Or all of the above?
8Riko is more than worth it you fat fuck
8This is a smile I want to protect
0but she's happy now
4She's being abused and violently raped by a principal and an entire academy. I don't think she's very happy.
3Wouldn't you be happy if you had an entire all-girls school constantly clamoring to have sex with you?
0not if they where sticking nasty brushes in my ass and i had to fuck their fat old principle regularly.does this look like the face of a happy girl to you?
3not wanting your prostate stimulatedlol get a look at thsi fag
cause she aint real
5but my love is
8What was his name again?
3Beauty is a curse. That's why beautiful people can't be truly happy.
5But she WAS happy!
3She only tought that. Beauty attracts evil. So beautiful girl are unkowingly doomed to be betrayed by the same people who admire them.
So were ALL the women brainwashed sex slaves or just a few of them with the rest being there consensualy?
3Beautiful girls like her are meant to be cum dolls for the powerful.
, 
tfw one of the fansub oldfags diesRIP edward bebop and may you host our torrents from heaven
if you ever got an anime from an xdcc bot, it was probably his server
Holy shit it just hit me, you guys die all the time.
literally who?
Some distro nigger fucks offGood, His servers were shit and so was his shilling.
9do i fit in yet?
4One of the unsung hero's.
8Nobody likes him.
Everyone r8
You have a typo in your chart. What's that one in the middle of TV?
418/18I don't really read manga at all. Probably finished like 5 whole mangas.
04Yeah you did spell television wrong.
9I don't really read mangafaggot
70Man, I'm retarded9What's middle for film?Also 24/27
1That sure showed me.2Only Yesterday.
9Forgot to rate 2014 7/7 what's mid right?
0Nishi-ogikubo
9Maybe you just need a good starting point. Since you want to learn about anime I'd say it's important to have read at least some manga, too.
6I don't know that there is all that much more to learn about anime without learning Japanese.
4You're right, you know all there is for you to know by now. Might as well quit while you're ahead.
7Nah there are still plenty I don't know and plenty of shows I want to watch but a good portion of that requires Japanese to access.
Telivision
tfw i want to add Arcadia of My Youth to my 3x3 but i don't know which one to remove45/5 4/48/8 I don't read Oneshots
47/7 9/9 4/5 3/3
0Fist of the North Star or LoGH are the worst.
, 
, 
, 
Return of the cool kids.
9
Ruri a shit.
Crow can lick my bauls.
9Return of THE PERFECT kidsFIXED
Apparently Yuto used MST as well.
99cool kidsSelenano
8Oblimatery.
9Fuck off, Sawatari. why don't you go throw that banana peel you call hair away and git gud.
Reminder that Shun is a sue.Reminder Crow not existing would mean Aki and Rua wouldn't be Yamcha tier trash.Crow didn't change much.
9Yes.
4We didn't get to see the whole duel which makes him getting his ass kicked less satisfying.
0that one hot girl who was raised in the country with her three older brothers
0Lewd, yes. Smug, yes. Cool, no.
8Would not*Whatever.
8He at least wastes like 6 episodes in Dark Signer arc. That's 3 times as much as Eita.
7
8Reminder that Shun is a sue.Get's fucked by a little boy and thrown down a flight of stairs
4This made me extremely depressed.
8calls Shun a suedefends CrowOh boy a new shitposter.
16 episodes of what? Spirit World cancer?8Shota faggot took 2 days to winShun lost but it wasn't a wrekt tier as building dropped on you and groveling for a rematch.
6Must be hard living with 3 siscons.

0BUY BLACKWING. YOU CAN OTK Tag Force promotion episodeTrash Talking with Jaeger.BUY BLACKWING 2 YOU CAN BEAT EARTHBOUND GOD EVEN IF YOU AREN'T A SIGNER.
4They're both Sues. Shun only gets to lose in an offscreen duel. He's probably going to beat Dennis with the LP penalty only being used to glorify him. Holding back or not Dennis should be able to deplete 1000 LP especially since Entermages were focused on burn.
4I'm 100% aware Crow is a sue.Its just that people think Crow's sue factor actually got two characters gimped when Yoshida was writing anyways while fags worship Shun and his plot armor.Crow isn't well written/is merely an ad for a mildly annoying archetype that was once good but him not existing wouldn't salvage a whore and a shota or most of 5Ds derailment.
9
5I don't know about anybody else, but I like Shun because he provide memes.
4Atem was a megadick back in the day.
5Did Shun molest you when you were a kid or something?
6
6DEEPEST
5Beating Bommer was kinda what tier I'll give you that.6That's acceptable.
2IIRC, so did Yuzu when we saw her cards all on the floor in episode 21.8You mean the duel which not only took 12 hours within ARC-V itself, but it was mostly skipped over?What is more accurate to say is that Shun hasn't lost an on-screen duel which was not skipped by any means. He hasn't lost a full duel and that is what makes him a sue, especially since his loss had no real impact on Shun himself. Shun just carried on as if it never really happened.Even his attacks on LDS had no consequences whatsoever. Reiji just ignored how he carded 5 innocent people. Granted Serena carded Hokuto, but she carded one person whereas Shun carded five. Also, the difference is that Fusion users were painted as the villains anyway so Serena doing that was expected. The Xyzs users are portrayed as the good guys yet their questionable acts are ignored.
Selena cares way too much about a girl she talked to for five minutes.
4He hasn't lost a full duel and that is what makes him a sueI guess Selena is a sue too then. Why do people use terms like these when they have no idea what they actually mean?
1 Shun and Serena carding people is only known, as far as the audience can tell, by Reiji and those in the NEETcave;2 Shun is only cooperating with Reiji because "the enemy of my enemy is my friend";3 Shun doesn't dwell, he keeps pressing forward
2People call Yuzu a sue, so I assume it's code for "character I don't like/character I think is too popular."
1As far as we can tell she's like the only person who was actually nice to her. Also helped her get away and she got kidnapped in her place well she thought she was4Do all you people just attribute "Sue" to anybody that you think gets attention?
1That girl:Looks exactly the same as herTells her the truth about the activities of her dimensionTrades clothes with her so she can instead become the bait, allowing her to learn from a survivor the impacts of the Fusion InvasionIs super cuteIs perfectIs the best partner one could ask for
7Yuya stop.
8Crow only becomes a serious problem during, surprise surprise, the part when the original writer left.Of course, him bring at the final battle with Godwin makes no sense too. He has no stake with him unlike Yusei and Jack
Does Shingo look sleepy or is it just me?
6It's probably pretty tiring being a retard dealing with another retard.
24Yuzu and her clones are living plot-devices born from faggots asking for relevant girls in their card games.1How is one person's plot armor more acceptable than another person's?Why is Shun allowed to be a derailing "shill cards" guy who mostly wins while Crow is jeered at? Shun is an edgy siscon while Crow is just a boring "protect the kids" sue.
6He looks bored. How can you have such a beautiful, cute girl near you and be bored?
4This is an accurate statement. There are people who infiltrate these threads, choose a character they don't like, and proceed to criticize him or her into oblivion.I don't like Yuya because he abuses Action Cards / is too feminine / has a stupid philosophy like YumaI don't like Yuzu because she isn't a strong duelist / is important for no reason / wins people over into her haremI don't like Reiji because he keikakus / is a NEET / doesn't wear socksI don't like Sawatari because he's a jobber / stopped using Yosenju / is vainI don't like Sora because he's a psychopath / a shota / a sore loserI don't like Gon because he doesn't duel / he's a stick-in-the-mud / his noseI don't like Serena because she's annoying / she only uses Cat Dancer / she's shipped with ReijiI don't like Shun because he doesn't lose / because he's an edgelord / because his deck is based on recovering from the jaws of defeat
5Jesus dude, you're mad as fuck. Go to bed or something and chill out.
3doesn't wear socksNow now, that's a legitimate reason for disliking someone.
4Well Pokemon 5th gen anime must pay more than 5Ds if he left.I get Crow is badly written but people seem to be salty about him for Aki and Rua reasons along with shipfaggotry more than how he's questionably used. Like they blame Crow for them sucking or why ships are eternally in "implied" status rather than Bommer and Godwin.
5Well for one thing, the show isn't over yet compared to 5Ds where we can look back and see what went wrong, how things were changed, and how Crow basically went nowhere as a character while Arc-V is still ongoing and second, Shun was established much earlier as a character than Crow and had more mystery going for him than "Yusei's friend we didn't mention"Also you keep saying "things wouldn't have changed" bit we clearly don't know that considering Crow was supposed to be a villain
2No, people bring up how much of a shill he is just as much as other reasons. You seem to be the salty one here, mad that people are using him as a representation of the general problems with 5D's after the writer change.
5Crow would be an awful villain and/or final boss so some of 5Ds changes were for the better.At least we'd probably have less cringe tier filler in packs2I'm just saiyan all sues deserve to be jeered at regardless
3Shun shills his Xyz birds as much as Crow shills Blackwings though. No one complains about that.
8I'm just saiyan all sues deserve to be jeered at regardlessGongenzaka isn't a sue, right
2Nobody blames Crow for Yusei and Aki not hooking up. That doesn't even make sense. Crow is always mentioned in terms of how he just kinda enters the story and how he became a marketing device. That's the big difference. If it turns out Shun was created solely to shill out cards and nothing else I wouldn't be surprised, but Crow for popular solely because of his cards unintentionally getting OP as fuck for the time which led to rewrites in the story. Kids didn't care about Crow so much as his cards which actively affected the story and we'll never know how it would have been otherwise.
7I'm not talking about Shun here. You said people seem to be salty about him for Aki and Rua reasons along with shipfaggotry more than how he's questionably usedAnd I mentioned how that's wrong. Don't try to deflect the situation.
5Gongenzaka is too fair
2But I DO know what a sue is, or at least a type of sue that Shun is. Not all mary sues have to be supah perfect characters or anything.To me regarding YGO, its as simple as:The character is too powerful by comparison. Just look at how Shun had a huge handicap yet got Dennis down to 100 LP despite, and his only loss is basically off-screen.Everyone likes the character but the ones who actually dislike or hate the character are presented as villains/antagonists. Only Sora actually dislikes/hates Shun and he's a villain so we are told that Sora is wrong.Their questionable acts are ignored and therefore they are a "hero". Just look at how Shun carding 5 innocent people is NEVER mentioned again because Xyz Dimension people are portrayed as victims.I don't hate Shun, nor do I hate the Raidraptors. I actually like both despite sue status. Crow is a different story since HE was dislikeable back in 5Ds but I am treating ARC-V Crow differently for the time being.I just think that Shun is presented as being this super strong duelist whose only loss was skipped over. I like Shun's duels since they tend to be good yet to act as if my argument that Shun is a mary sue has zero logic whatsoever is silly.3There is a difference between disliking a character and calling them a mary sue. Characters like Johan and Crow are often criticised as being mary sues and tend to be disliked. Whether those characters are or not is a matter of opinion but the general consensus is that they are.Yet you will NEVER hear anyone call Gongenzaka, Sawatari, or Sora a mary sue since they aren't mary sues. Those three are not perfect, they actually lose on-screen in full duels, neither of those three hog screentime, and neither are presented as being right 100% of the time.
0What a fair-y sue.
5Yuzu and her clones are living plot-devices born from faggots asking for relevant girls in their card games.If they were boys, it would have just been business as usual for YGO and you probably wouldn't care, just calling YGO being homo as usual, bit since they're girls, they're suddenly bad. Get over it, they're not Sues
Too much mad right now, post cute.
9Ushio still got a Yuu as fuckboy later
8Oh and to add to the Shun bit, Shun is part of that "color last name" group with Reiki and Sora so he is at least part of a theme
0Try not to overdose.
84Because Crow's cards were so silly people believe his forced shilling ruined other plots seems like the salty shipfriends and Rua fan logic.3They aren't even the main villain or even the rival yet they are miles more competent than the MC.
0
0This is the cutest and comfiest picture I have.
HEY GUYSLET ME TELL YOU ABOUT MY ARHCETYPEITS CALLED ENTERMACHINESAND YOU KNOW WHAT IT DOES?IT CAN DESTROY SPECIAL SUMMONED MONSTERSITS AMAZING, RIGHT?
3If they were boys, it would have just been business as usual for YGO and you probably wouldn't careYou mean how characters that are commonly accused of being sues are:JohanYuseiCrowKaitoNot a single female character comes close to those characters in terms of being a sue, especially when compared to Johan or Crow. None of the ARC-V girls are sues. Perhaps when Yuzu starts shilling really shitty Melodious cards and takes the attention away from Yuya, then that would happen.As far as I am concerned, to consider Yuzu or her counterparts sues would be silly from what we know now.
9Perhaps when Yuzu starts shilling really shitty Melodious cards and takes the attention away from Yuya, then that would happen.She's already started in CORE ;
5You mean Peformachines, rite?
5BUT WHEN YOUR STUFF DIES, YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS?YOU DON'T GET BACK YOUR ARCHETYPE SPELL/TRAP CARDS
9I agree. Nobody in Arc V is a Sue.I'm not a fan of Yuzu and Shun either but they aren't Sues. At least not at the moment.
9Perhaps when Yuzu starts shilling really shitty Melodious cardsI still wonder why they needed to print this and make it little different from the anime card.
0Yuzu cried, wanting to meet you."Yuya wasn't here!!"... she saidYugo, stopYuya was crying too"Yuzuuuu!!!"...all the whileStop it, Serena..!!I...I'm not worrying about Yuzu at all!!!It's...it's not because I want to meet Yuya!!Tsundere
1Sekrit tech in a bad archetype.
8Crow would be an awful villain and/or final bossHis entire character would have been completely different so we don't even know that9Do people consider Kaito a Stu? He seemed to be more like a staff pet like the Arclights3
4I dunno, it was obvious from the start that Kaito was going to be a huge character in the series, and believe it or not, they don't lose very often. I personally think it was a flaw with the whole Numbers system, it forces all the main characters to win almost every time due to huge consequences if they lose. Yusei also suffered from this as well.
6That's a good advantage Arc-V has, a lot of things so far have been low stakes enough that it's okay for the main characters to lose, the biggest stakes loss that's happened so far was probably Yuzu's loss against Dennis since he probably would have nabbed her if Selena hadn't shown up.
6The Numbers system of the plot was shit, but then again, it's Zexal. Very little isn'tNotice how the collection quest is completely dropped in Zexal II
Ruri a shit.
0No.
YAMEROOOOO
8Everyone likes the character but the ones who actually dislike or hate the character are presented as villains/antagonists. Only Sora actually dislikes/hates Shun and he's a villain so we are told that Sora is wrong.Who the hell actually likes Shun? Arguably Yuzu. Yuya maybe likes him, not that strongly though because he doesnt bring EGAO. Gon dislikes him. Reiji and him are in a mutually beneficial relationship, nothing more
3I guess you can count Selena and Tsukikage kinda respect him but none of those characters really buddy buddy with him. They are all distant comrades at best.
3Gon dislikes him.He was all smiles to him in their duel.
0They are all distant comrades at best.Selena closed the distance pretty quickly when they met.
7He was all smiles to him in their duel.He didnt know anything about him besides what Yuya had told him and the fact that they were comrades in that. His first personal one on one interactions with him he's shown nothing but scorn for him
7Maybe he just respects his abilities, you don't have to like someone to respect them.
3His first personal one on one interactions with him he's shown nothing but scorn for himWhat? He was frustrated at worst.
5I like Shun in his bike suit, although I kind of miss his /fa/ hobocoat.
mfw I want to be a yugioh judge for locals I might actually need to go to dng now. I hope it's not as fucking bad as you guys have been sayingalso where do I find them I can't find a dng threat.
2/vg/105387030Remember that the Dog's advice is always good, and Iris Heart's advice is always bad.
3based anon
3Iris Heartbad
People have seen the 1st Episode of Arc-V in EnglishOnly upload was set to privateI need to hear English Yuzu.
4she's pretty shit. At least listen to Yoko if anything.
4Its Emily Jenness, watch literally any English dub kids anime from the last 5 years and you'll hear her
DENNIS A SHIT. A SHITREMOVE BENNIS, BRING BACK SORA. BRING BACK SORA. BRING HIM BACK.
4The only decent voice is Yoko.
8She sounds way to sexy for a kid's show/
1Who is she again?
0Yuya's mom, derp.
8s-serena?
3Shun doesn't dwellruri ruri ruricomradesyuto?RURI
6I want to marry Shun's hips
3Bullying Accel
2You can't dwell on something that is ingrained in your conscious.
2You could probably find better advice off-4chan.It almost seems like it's /dng/'s god given duty to suck every fibre of possible enjoyment from Yugioh.
7It almost seems like it's /dng/'s god given duty to suck every fibre of possible enjoyment from Yugioh.Welcome to the metagame of literally everything ever.
9You can't bring back a ghost.
These threads are dead til sunday or we get new episode previews. How dull.
0There's good meta and there's bad meta.Only-one-acceptable-way-to-play-the-game is bad meta.
4And they're still somehow some of the nicer threads on the board. Nay the site.
4It happens.
3Only-one-acceptable-way-to-play-the-game is bad meta.But meta discussions are pretty much by definition an attempt to identify the most optimal deck to play in a given format./dng/s hyper competitiveness can be annoying if occasionally overblown but the so called non meta players can be just as bad surprisinglyMy fun is the only correct way to have funIf you play X or Y deck you arent having real fun
8Shun is walking a very thin line, but he never is focus of charactet's attention too much and always steps into the background at appropiate times. That forme makes Shun not a Sue, even if his duels are ridiculous but that's also what's so charming about his characterNow if you want a character who is unreasomanly loved by everyone no matter how little interaction they had with her you should rather look at Yuzu. Yuzu isn't super competent or anything, she's maybe even the weakest duelist in this arc, but her personality and her interactions with other characters are very Sue like. Though even with Yuzu they know when to tone her down at appropiate times
Would you a Ruri?
1Pretty much. When you start to enforce that everyone plays the most meta way possible way as a matter of principle, you're doing something wrong.Besides, regardless of the way its users act, DN is a shit platform to play Yugioh on. It's no wonder so many fights and uproars break out there, because the system isn't automatic. Ygopro may have its glitches, but at least the games are conclusive. If you wanted to leave cheating and bickering as an option for gameplay, you might as well play irl.
2As long as Shun goes untrusted by his fellows, he's hardly sue material. So for now, I'd give him a pass.Besides, that voice could make angels cry.
2It's good that there are characters like Reiji who barely give a shit about her or Gon who is her friend but doesn't treat her like she's the greatest treasure in the world otherwise she'd be full Sue. It's a little sad though that Gon was the only onw who ever called her out on her bullshit and everybody ignored it
4they're never really that deadbut yeah they're faster on release obviously
8When did he call her out?
8It's good that there are characters like Reiji who barely give a shit about herIts really weird that Reiji has never even acknowledged her though, since she's Selenas twin and allIt's a little sad though that Gon was the only onw who ever called her out on her bullshit and everybody ignored itMasumi technically criticized her, pre Yuri mindbreak
1Ep 35. The episode after the Sora vs Shun duel.
Watching GXOne of those episodes where they fight an actual card monster like Jinzo, Black Scorpions, Dark Magican Girl or KaibamanHURR DURR I SUMMON MYSELFI don't know why that pisses me off the most out of this show, more than replacing a bone in your leg with a fossil or having an eye that does jack shit.
8everybody ignored itWater under the bridge. That incident was already resolved and they have bigger problems at hand.
9Is it as bad as summoning your mom?
1When he basically called her a fool for mistaking Yuto for Yuya in episode 35, and called her out for doubting Yuya. Gongenzaka basically said what we were thinking back when Yuto first appeared while Yuzu went full "Yuto fantasy mode" for several episodes.Sora kinda called her out in a weird way since it was said jokingly and not actually trying to call her out when he accused Yuzu of fantasising over Yuto as the reason she wasn't paying attention to his Fusion Summoning lessons.
9Hating on the Black Scorpions
8It's a little sad though that Gon was the only onw who ever called her out on her bullshit and everybody ignored itBut it makes him look idiotic for it when Gon confused Serena for Yuzu when the dude was literally right beside her in 49 during the duel with the Obelisk Force.
1He called her stupid for thinking Yuya would ever do what Yuto was doing
3Its really weird that Reiji has never even acknowledged her though, since she's Selenas twin and allIts probably because Reo gave more attention to Selena than Reiji which makes him secretly jealous. Hell earlier he was planning on using Selena for a bargaining tool.
1More like he called her out for not trusting Yuya when Yuya claimed he didn't do it.Its not like Yuto did anything too much. Sawatari pretty much exaggerate his injuries out of spite.
1Serena didn't talk and wore the clothes Yuzu wears. Also Yuzu could literally have asked Ayu if she somehow thought Yuya would beat up a random Sawatari goon then put Sawatari in hospital.
4Guess I've got to rewatch I don't remember it at all
1The difference is that Yuzu mistook Yuto for Yuya, after Yuto basically attacked Sawatari and was said to be in hospital. Yuzu basically accused Yuya of assaulting Sawatari enough to put him in hospital and THAT was idiotic.Gongenzaka was different since Serena was not acting out of character for Yuzu, and both Yuzu and Serena use Fusions with a similar theme music compared to dancers. From Gonegnzaka's perspective, Yuzu was being ambushed by the Obelisk Force and he felt he needed to help her which is a good thing.So while both mistook someone for a counterpart, Yuzu's mistake implied she ACTUALLY believed Yuya would try and assault someone like that, whereas Gongenzaka's mistake was with good intentions since he wanted to protect Serena since he thought it was Yuzu his friend.
0Did Selena even have a monster on the field by the time Gon joined in? It seemed like that breed of OF's specifically modeled their decks to shut down anything Selena would be capable of.
4He didnt ignore Selena, it makes no sense to ignore Yuzu. No reason he couldnt have tried to use her as a bargaining chip
0Yuzu is gonna be so pissed at Yuya when he noms Yugo, even though it won't be Yuya's fault because Yugo will see him as Yuri and immediately attack, and then Yuya will yell at her for wearing an Academia uniform.And then Mieru will call to tell him about how she saw Yuzu and Yugo hugging in the Ice Field.And then everything will fall the fuck apart.The suffering has only just begun.
7Oh don't get me started on that episode. I summon myselfWalks To the front
1Yuzu is gonna be so pissed at Yuya when he noms Yugo, even though it won't be Yuya's fault because Yugo will see him as Yuri and immediately attackYuzu already knows Yugo is quick on the trigger to attackand then Yuya will yell at her for wearing an Academia uniformBut he knows she swapped clothes with SelenaAnd then Mieru will call to tell him about how she saw Yuzu and Yugo hugging in the Ice Field.Worst case, he goes into bossy tsundere mode. And Meiru isnt a total cunt.SUFFERING based on characters acting totally retarded and out of character is shit
9I didn't watch GX, did Kaibaman actually summon himself? Because he'd have to die to use his effect.
0To be fair, Yuto came in and act like he knew Yuzu and barge in the duel to protect her add the confusion.
4Problem is what will happen if Yuuya and Yuugo meet without Yuzu being near.
9He summoned a hologram instead of teleporting there, so he didn't kill himself.
1Serena fighting ObelisksOh look it's Yuzu, I'll go over there.Yuya fighting ObelisksIs that Yuya? Doesn't seem like it.
0That is what the Black Scorpion Graverobbers do
2Dragons in the head will probably make it end badly, but Yuzu isnt dumb enough to jump to conclusions over it
D E E P E S T EEPEST
2Yuzu is not a Sue. The only people that care about her have specific reason to do so, like Yuya, who's her childhood friend, or Serena, who she saved, and is practically her identical twin.The only one who has been an exception was Masumi, but even with her, there was a rival relationship which became a friendship, even if it felt a bit rushed.She has interacted with Shun, who now ignores her even if she looks like his sister, Reiji barely acknowledges her existence, for Gon she's his friend's friend and he but cares more about Yuya, Shingo and Yuzu have interacted multiple times, and nothing he ever did was out of character. Even Yugo cares more about her similarity to Rin, and he doesn't really treat Yuzu herself particularly special, even telling her to shut up and dragging her around like a child.
1even telling her to shut up and dragging her around like a childYugo just knows how to handle crude strong waifus; treat em mean, keep em keen
, 
This is a ninja.
2DOMO
This is a rock.
This is a ninja and also 15.
7Being a ninja himself could he also rape himself
2So what is fanservice? Is it like a reminder that you haven't busted a nut in the past fifteen minutes? It's not porn. It just heavily hints at it without going that extra half inch or so. In an environment where porn is plentiful and readily available this shit is like going back to the days when men would masturbate to clothing catalogues. Why? What's the point? Do they assume if our brains aren't drowning in sexual innuendo from all angles all the time that we will forget that we like it?
4Don't question it. Just enjoy it.
2This is a better ninja.
Haruka a best.
9Looks like a healthy 15 year old to me
5Her voice was annoying as fuck. Worse voice than Kuroko.
2This is IRL anime meat
4Dunno about others but I personally don't masturbate to it, I just like looking at cute girlsIt makes me feel all warm and fuzzy
This is a card
24Imagine a CC aged Haruka
Senran Kagura/v/
How can she be stealthy with such big tits?
RAWs when? cause subs are already out...
it's a tachikoma episode
Ta chi ko ma
TFW when no Logicoma episode
How has your tastes in anime and manga changed over the years? Do you still like what you liked 5 or 10 years ago?Personally I used to watch/read a lot of shounenfor lack of a better word series, but I've gradually grown tired of seeing the same tropes over and over, and I'm not sure if it's just me growing up or if I'm just growing tired of the genres themselves.
After Dragon Ball as a kid my first real manga series were Ghost in the Shell and Hiroki Endo's Eden. With a start like that it took time for my taste to grow more broad, rather than discerning. Same shit with anime, I started with mature series for mature individuals before gradually gravitating towards cute girls doing cute things and all kinds of assorted silliness. In both cases the only thing that I grew out ofand could only tolerate for a brief time to begin with was haremshit.
29I exclusively watch Naruto, Kill la Kill, Fairy Tail and Attack on Titan now.
I used to like edgyshit and shonenshit. Now all I watch is haremshit.
Entry level  Haremshit  Haremshit/whatever is airing or notoriously good/airing
All of my favorites from 5 years ago are still my favorites. Every year there's a show or two I really like, but nothing that comes close to breaking the top 10.
The only thing changed is that now I can tell if a show I'm currently watching is shit.
I still like Shounen. Not the big three though, Naruto went to shit first, then Bleach and now OP is catching up.However I still enjoy stuff like Soul Eater, HxH and most shounens that don't drag on foreverHxH being the exception
I now watch things regardless of genre and have opened my eyes to giving everything ago because I might enjoy it.Also I have an increased admiration of cute things.
Soon.
Maria a shitAya best grill
When did it get announced?
7smilingShe has the prettiest smile.
0Fuck off Kazuki, your girl is a terrible person.
Disabled girl a best
7only goal in life is to help peopleterrible personGo fuck yourself.
5No clue, but release is next Wednesday.
I wonder how he will wrap up all the bullshit so far, i can't even imagine how he would do that.
Did they ever explain this bullshit?
3CommieThey explained that he is a gaijin and as a gaijin he could simply teleport to the person he thinks about like all baka gaijin do.
3The only question worth asking is how he found out about that place, I hope you're not being retarded and wanting an explanation of how he got in there since it's very easy for a kid to sneak into anywhere.And no, they never "explained" it because it's a fucking side arc that doesn't matter at all in the grand scheme of things not some huge plothole that's in the way of the story.
0What's wrong with Commie?
, 
, 
, 
, 
How many more shit anime like this is BONES going to make before it makes another Kekkai Sensen?
04.5543
0Captain Earth  Unfunny generic battle shonen with forced drama
0At least the girls were cuteAkari  Moco  HanaI just wish that the mechs had been less... boring. The designs are great, but they did fucking nothing.
0Captain Earth isn't shit, it just wasn't as good as it should have been9The Impacter forms were fairly boring in fights but the Ordinary forms were fucking awesome.
0How many more times are you going to make this shit thread before you stop wasting your time?
1What drama?
0Kek/v/
9At least the girls were cuteI wish she had more screentime, I don't even remember her name.
2Lin. Best Planetary Gear. Giving no attention to her whatsoever after her episode was a crime.
Captain Earth focused on too many things on such a short timeframe. If it was 52 episodes it could have been better or if they just cut half the planetaries and just made Hana a literal plot device, it could have been better as well.
Next show after Kekkai Sensen is a shoujo.Oh boy.
Should have turned Captain Snooze into a stealth Star Driver spin off, where Ginger Bishounen turns up halfway into the season to save the series. Turn Just say Cybodies were more of those mechanical lifeforms that were frozen in time to prevent libido drainage of the Earth and there you go. Series linked and saved by an influx of a more entertaining cast.
Plot twist: Their next show is Kekkai Sensen S2
5I was hoping Takuto would show up out of nowhere to save the day too.Would still welcome a Star Driver x Captain Earth crossover joint sequel to both of them.
Before they make another anime with all flash but no substance
Captain Earth: Because Captain Planet Was Already Taken!
9Why are you going around threads shitposting and posting that link?
5Should have turned Captain Snooze into a stealth Star Driver spin offYou wanted it to be even more shit?
0Kekkai Sensen is also shit though.
3Here's your reply
I just started watching Kekkai Sensen and it's reddit shit.It's typical quirky reddit stuff like Baccano that appeals to redditors.CE was actually good if you weren't a retard.
0I like them both. I'm also looking forward to Noragami. The only thing Bones has done recently that I didn't like was Chaika season 2.
based rie matsumotomiyazaki btfo by dat dere grrrrrrl powrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
2You silly jester. From the state of Captain Earth was in, things could only go up.
One giant red herring
6You seem piqued. Are you piqued?
More like a white bass.
0Enough to murder a screenwriter or two.
, 
Is she retarded? Even when given the chance to just get out the firing zone she still decide to jump right back in to fight? Is she trying to make it harder on Berserker or something?
3Is she trying to make it harder on Berserker or something?Berserker is the strongest.
Wait, so you tell me Nasu is actuallly an overrated shit?
hahaha people that consume secondary materials
Gil can attack pretty much everywhere, near Berserker is by far the safest place for her.
3She was trapped as soon as she engaged Gilgamesh. He can target her if she runs away. Illya's mistake was engaging Gilgamesh but she didn't know about his abilities.
2I'm talking about UFOtable's mistake here you dumbfuck. In the VN Ilya didn't even have the opportunity to escape.
4Like we know about that, it might as well have happened in mostly the same way.
4What this anon said, but also in the VN Berserker didn't lose because he was protecting Illya, Gil fucked his shit up without moving or dodging and Berserker couldn't close the distance. The anime really made Gil look weaker but I suppose that's fine since it was pretty retarded that the servant who killed Berserker without flinching got his shit rekt by a human.
3Gil would have just tracked her down again. She thought it was better to fight him then and there on HER home turf.
96You missed the point. What should Illya do?1. Be alongside Berserker and be a potential target to a servant 2. Be far from Berserker while he fights Gil and not be harder to targetMost of the easiness Gil got from the fight was knowing he could just target her and Berserker could do nothing but stay still as anykind of big movement would mean a NP would turn her into a bloody mess.
3Gil is no tracker.Ilya could have learned everything about him watching from basement with the magic ball eyeSo yes anon, she's stupid and dead now
2It didn't really make him look weaker. The anime-only scene of Gil flinching is pretty much a given considering that he had written Berserker off as dead, been focusing on the loli, and still skewered Herk from like five yards away after being caught off-guard. It was just dumb.
2in the VN Berserker didn't lose because he was protecting Illyait was stated that he actually did lose because of this even in the VN so maybe you should read that before posting stupid shit
3OP, what part of "BASAKAH is the strongest" you don't understand?
4Ilya could have learned everything about him watching from basement with the magic ball eyeTokiomi, please.
6She can't fucking get out of the zone. Her mistake was facing Gil with Berserker.
, 
Is teacher the best possible position for an eternal loli?Besides "vampire" I guess.
3teacherNatsuki is a eternal loli witch more than she's a sensei. Either way, she's a master of space magic. She probably down time using her power, which is awesome.vampireTop tier. Ageless grimoire loli are top tier as well.
God.Yokai.Book.
3The best possible position for an eternal loli is cowgirl.
Bump.
3I don't know, but Natsuki-chan is the miracle of the universe.
Can we all agree this guy is a hack now?made 2 good anime bebop and champlooproceeded to make several garbage anime kids on the slope, dandy, etc
6dandygarbage
6dandygarbage
kill yourself
Here's your reply.
35Dandygood
I want to lick her heels like the pig I am.
0You will never serve under Satsuki-sama.Why live?
Short hair is comfiest. Short hair is safiest. Short hair is bestest.
, 
The boxart for the second BD is out! Here is the combination of the first two BD's. AlsoChapter 126.2:Extra:untranslated stuff:
8And the back cover
, 
Okay, who's your favorite character ? Mine Starphase Senpai
White and Klaus.A lot of characters seem interesting but are way underdeveloped so far.
awoo
7StevenI kinda dislike Despair king for taking away screentime from better charactershowaito is cute at least.
***,*29位/***,*33位 ★ **2,781 pt [*,*79予約] 2015/06/17 血界戦線　第1巻 初回生産限定版【イベント優先販売申込券付き】 [Blu-ray]***,*30位/***,*29位 ★ **6,445 pt [*,284予約] 2015/06/17 【Amazon.co.jp限定】血界戦線　第1巻初回生産限定版（イベント優先販売申込券付き）（早期予約特典＋オリジナル全巻収納BOX付き） [Blu-ray]It's going strong.
29 days 29 volumes Tonight, Buddhists, Weasels, and the appearance of best girlVol 1: 2: 3: 4: 
1
7
2
7
8
1
1
3
6
postan
1
2
2
6
9
2
1
5
6
8
3
8
1
8
8I can't wait to see him dead
8
2
2
2
1
5
5
9
5
1
9
8
8
2
4
1
1
6
9
8
1
7
8
6
2
3
6
8
2
0
4
5
5
9
6
2
9
7
I admire your tenacity. The manga certainly deserves it.
Kirio best girl
1
8
3
4
9
6
Wait, he was missing the right arm all this time?I noticed only now.
9
Mayuko x Tora OTP ;_;
3
71Go to bed, Mayuko
8
3
5
3
1
9
8
3
2
3
1
5
0
6
5
2
4
5
8
6
0
2
8
26IRRC, you seems to be missing few pages of Kyoura's introduction
0
266Ah, my bad.
4
5
6
4
4
0
9
6
1
1Anime comes under a monthWaste your time reading the mangaRetarded.jpg
8
3
2
6Not reading the source materials before seeing the adaptationsure is summer here.
1Nice /v/ image
7
0
4
2
7
5
4
7
6
3
0
9
3
7
6
8
8
9
8
2
2
1
6
7
8
2
8
8
3
0
4
6
8
3
3
6
4
0
5
9
8
0
5
4
9
3
8
6
2
6
4
3
9
5
0
5
0
7
2
5
6
5
9
2
5
4
8
3
3And that's that.I always liked the Weasel siblings even if their arc was the last mohicans or whatever.
3I didn't ask for these feels...
9And that's that.Uh, abruptly like that? well see ya tomorrow op
Are they going to modernize it like Parasyte?
0Well, that's how the volume ends.7Hopefully not
Is this an accurate depiction of slut la slut?
2
44
No, the doujin is good. The show isn't.
Why are timeskips always so depressing?
9It's like getting out of a long coma, everybody changes and you're there wondering what the fuck happened.
9I like them when they´re done right
9Can you name a time skip that didn't suck?
7TTGLs timeskip wasn't really that bad tbh. It was right after the a climax and all.
Everything flows and nothing abides; everything gives way and nothing stays fixed.You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters and yet others, go flowing on.Time is a child, moving counters in a game; the royal power is a child's
Shinsekai Yori's really bummed me out.
7i actually liked Nagi no asukara's, but i can see why people would hate it.
9If you have a timeskip mid-series it needs to either continue narrative drama or be a setup for new events that need to be overcome in some way otherwise there isnt really anywhere for the the story to "go". The exception being SoL etc.yoou can only really have a "happy" event timeskip as a fakeout scenario that leads to above, OR it be the ending/epilogue for a story.
6Same, but it added to the show's miserable appeal.
What are some examples of breast implants in anime? Noucome and Dokkoida are the only examples I can think of.Dont know what this image is from.
8sauce on the episode.
5Looks like she's at the pool, so 9-10?
3wrong
8Its kaiba i guess
Their was one in the second ep of Saint October.
52
8Dont know what this image is from.Welcome to neo /a/.
Just gonna drop this here.
1Anal Queen
1Look at that buttfang poking out, god damn.
1
1L-lewd.
1Deen's Rin is best Rin
1Ufotable's art is so bad. Someone post the original Takeuchi version, please.
2This one?
2Dear diary, today, anon was a flaming faggot again.
9But that anon is right
I want to get the figure right now.
1She looks very healthy. Probably has a very well balanced diet and exercises a lot. Nice.
8Yeah. There's also another one, I think.
8I have this one as well.
8Not him, but thank you.ufo is shit.
, 
As I'm sure everyone has noticed they have fucking computers in the soul society It is strange but not too weird until you examine the fact that they have been using them long long before even the most basic computers were developed in the world of the living.This would mean that computers were invented in the fucking spirit world; something that was never explained in the manga/anime. It makes me wonder how the information to build that tech reached the world of the living. Was it by accident or intentional; and if intentional did who ever did it break the rules to do so? It makes me wonder if the soul society was responsible for other influencing other technological advancements. What if bleach is set in the far distant future and the soul society is actually Japan. What if for some reason like the universe breaking down they had to create a new 'world of the living' to stabilize things starting at a specific moment in the distant past giving people false memories of what ever happened before. That would also mean that souls and the afterlife are an artificial man made thing created by science.
try taking this shit to reddit, it's more their speed
2interesting theory there anonwanna cookie
2So if Ichigo was conceived by a guy from the future, does that make him John Connor?
, 
, 
, 
, 
