, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Best girl
7He's amongst some pretty stiff competition though
3
if mikoshiba was a girl he would be all my fetishes
7I respectfully disagree. 2nd best girl maybe.
whilst we are on the subject did any groups other than horriblesubs ever do Gekkan Shoujo or am I stuck with them
Shit tier show. Fucking dropped.
7Check nyaa and see.
, 
, 
, 
Was Buu a bad villain?
7Buu is a great villan it's just too bad dbz fans are a bunch of edgelords
7Buu is a top tier villain.And he could kill your most broken MC by turning them into candy.
7Fat Buu was fun as fuck. Super Buu had his great moments, but was overly evocative of Cell. Kid Buu was a fine final boss battle. So, no, Buu was not a bad villain.
7what do u mean by "bad" and which buu are you referring too? be more specific.
6based buu is best buu
7Brody was the best DBZ villain
BUU!
8 And he could kill your most broken MC by turning them into candy.nope, MC can fly and fight in candy form. this is known as the super saiyan candy
7Honestly i liked fat buu being evil and destroying everyone. Everytime he opened his eyes you knew shit was going down. An indestructible villian that even vegeta blowing himself up couldnt beat. Then it went full retard with all the fusion crap and random power ups. Oh we have SS3 now oh look gohah hax mystic power up. Oh hax free no training fusion oh hax free lives oh hax vegeta is dead but i let him keep his body. Oh everyone is now absorbed. Now no one is absorbed and kid buu is stronger then ever.buu actually felt like a legitimate villian but then mr satan happened and the fusion jokes like goten and ... buu saga lasted too long imo.
7I thought his dancing moves were incredible.
3Kid buu is weaker than super buu you moron.
3Kid Buu was stronger than base Super Buu, but weaker than Buutenks and Buuhan
From the second he appeared he solidified himself as probably my favorite DBZ villain. He's just so friggin' fun.
7Should have ended it with Cell.
2Super Buu is stronger than Kid Buu, Kid Buu is just unhingedIt would be like saying Super Buu is Bane and Kid Buu is Joker
8I remember in the manga Vegeta remarked that Kid Buu was getting stronger when making the transition from Super Buu to Kid Buu.What you said is definitely right though, he is unhinged
7Fat Buu was fucking terrifying. Something that strong with a retard brain.
6You rang?
9That was when his body was swelling up when those the Z Fighters were removed from him and Fat Buu got detachedHe gets weaker right after he does that and turns into Kid Buu but he's become full psychopath
7He was a lot of fun but the constant regen shenanigans made the arc hard to chew through.o look they dealt some damagelolnope
All the Buus are silly and fun in their own way. They honestly wouldn't have been too out of place in early dragonball, With less power of course but still.
6Buu was actually pretty smart. He just acted like a retard
3No.
3Fat Buu was only about as evil as a child, just does what he's told without understanding concepts like life and death.Hercule was the savior we needed here, and set that child right.
0I guess it makes sense, but would it right to say kid buu could prob beat super buu base form in a fight
7Manages to destroy the Earth when he was supposedly weaker as Kid BuuEradicated every living human on Earth save for a handfulFat Buu acting like a huge child was funny and fun even with some of the filler shit he didKid Buu having no sanity and was just destruction incarnateNo, he had his flaws but he was far from a bad villain.
1Early DragonballI feel so bad I keep forgetting this is a thing, a great thing at that.I should give it another binge.
Ah, I remember one point at time Buu was stronger than Beerus.
2Super Buu had the power to destroy the Universe by screaming
2Okay, real talk. Can he actually beat Madara Uchiha in a fight? andI'm not talking about Edo Tensei Uchiha Madara. Hell, I'm not even talking about Gedou Rinne Tensei Uchiha Madara. I'm not talking Juubi Jinchuuriki Gedou Rinne Tensei Uchiha Madara. I'm talking about Sage of Six Paths Uchiha Madara with the Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan and Rinnegan doujutsus with the rikodou abilities and being capable of both Amateratsu and Tsukuyomi genjutsu, equipped with his Gunbai, a perfect Susano'o, control of the juubi and Gedou Mazou, with Hashirama Senju's DNA implanted in him so he has mokuton kekkei genkai and can perform yin yang release ninjutsu while being an expert in kenjutsu and taijutsu, a third eye Rinnegan capable of casting Infinite Tsukuyomi, and five Limbo shadows which protect him from all physical harm.
7All encarnations of Buu was a bad villain. At least we got some good action scenes out of it. I mean think about it. He's probably the simpliest idea for "THE MOSTS POWERFUL BEING IN THE UNIVERSE" in any action show. And the fact he started off as some candy loving monster is kinda just the tip of the ice berg. I liked how toriyama how creative toriyama was but it was clear he wasn't working with much by the time the Buu saga came around.I'm still a little afraid of the coming series. Although I do enjoy so good its bad anime. So maybe.
6Easily, Buu could destroy Madara along with the planet he is standing on
7Bad as in morally bad or bad as in badly written?For the latter, hell no. Buu was Dragon Ball trying to get back to its roots and of course the Bruce Faulconer babbies couldn't handle lol gag humor in their intense battle anime. Buu was perfectly fine.
3Fat Buu no.You're thinking of Super Buu.
7He's mid-tier.
6He was able to copy moves after seeing them once, and understood what the other characters were saying, and doing.The whole point of Buu is looks are deceiving. When he makes his angry face you can see the sinister intelligence
4Gaaaay/v/
4chaotic evilmeh tierFuck off
2Nah. It's not like Kid Buu being more crazy would help in such a situation. e.g. Crazy Kid Buu decides to instantly blow up the planet he and Super Buu are on. Super Buu would be just as, if not more likely to survive.
The main problem with Buu is that Cell preceded him.One of Cell's biggest schticks was that he could regenerate himself from seemingly fatal injuries.And Buu just felt like the most blatant retread.
7He got worse with each transformation. Kid Buu had no personality.
9Non canon doesn't count.
Stop spamming your cancerous shit everywhere.
check em
7 I didn't like Buu before but I rewatched DBZ a little while ago and I never noticed how much development Buu got up until the point he became Super Buupart and Buu's relationship with Hercule reminded me a lot of Meruem and Komugi from Hunter x Hunter. Fat Buu is one of my favorites.
3thread about an animeUh, already here boss.
2Goku thought that he and Vegeta couldn't beat Super Buu, so Super Buu is probably superior in power. Super Buu is smarter, but he can be as petty and dumb as Kid Buu.
1Look at your post, it just reeks of /v/.Hope you are ready for every thread being shitposted to death when this cancer airs, it's the same shit as Naruto.
6 new Dragonball
4DB fags only begin spamming this shit since the announcement of the new series, fucking crossboarder retards everywhere.
4Hercule and Buu was some good shit
4Do you know what a villain is?Everything in your tiers are backwards.
1 They honestly wouldn't have been too out of place in early dragonballBuu Saga as a whole was great mix of early Dragon Ball humour and late Dragon Ball action and honestly I really liked that.
3When I first watched that scene as a kid, Supreme Kai's scream freaked me out. Like, "Holy crap, this guy is in serious pain from that. Buu's scary, yo."
too many formsretarded healing abilityno motivation other than "hurr i'm evil"wasn't even a real threat, if it weren't for the retardness of goku and cotoo many funny momentslooks stupid
9Gentleman, aIlow me to give you an example of what faggotry looks like.
7DBZ fans in general?
4Not liking Buu's funny movements
Mods can delete the shitpost but when this airs they will have to be on fulltime like with Naruto, I'm sure they will love it.
, 
, 
, 
Do you like Shinka?
5so much better than what`s her name from amagi brilliant park. if that is what you are asking for.
5best girl
5Shinka  KumikoMitsuki = Reina
8You have shit taste
5Hell no, she's a fucking bitch.
accidentally watched first episode of season 2 firstimmediately lost all desire to watch because the eyepatch girl a shit
No. I love her.
0Fix your taste.
I want to be bullied by Shinka.
0fix these nuts pussy
2What kind of bullying?
Reminder that only normalfags like Shinka because she's normalfaggotry incarnate and the loss of all chuuni innocence.Whoever likes her is a faggot.
2I want Shinka to fart in my face
5I don't like Shinka. I like Shinka x Deko. I want to see them have rabid lesbian sex.
9To have sex you need to insert a penis into a vagina. Scissoring or mutual masturbation isn't sex
5I use every excuse I can to post this picture because I love it so much.I only like Shinka because of her VA, really
9
Should one fap to Shinka?
8How could anyone resist?
9Shinka/Utah is the best.that doujin where he confesses to her is the best.
181cmGiantSeriously japan?
5
5using cm instead of feet jesus fucking christ you're retarded
, 
antagonist is overpowered they lose to an asspull or convenient plot bullshit
8tsunderes
shadow covering eyesclenches fist/grits teethfuzakeruna...
DBZfags.
character does something a million timesit always works!that one time you need it, doesn't work
I need X hoursyou have X hours
MC is a dense beta faggot
4Say that again. I dare you.
6Super Saiyan 3 is shit.
Brainwahing
harem hentaialways girlsI just want a hentai about a MILF with a shota harem!
9Are you implying I should do THIS?!
6Go to bed Hana Hookanywaysit-its dirty down therebut thats where i pee fromBloodlines or heretiage in general
all the main cast laughing together and having fun
Character's main weapon is a gun or other long-ranged weaponFirst thing they do is get in as close as possibleMay or may not try to bludgeon opponent with gun
"cliches you hate" threads
60Look at these posts, it's like I'm on the fucking MAL forums, tell me you want these fucking crossboarders here.Yeah thought so, shitpost and report all DB threads before it gets out of control like Naruto did.
8MC gets bombarded by tons of explosive shitsmoke fades away and he's not dead
haremlooks like MC is close to choosing girlrandom harem girl suddenly decides she doesn't like dickfacepalm.jpeg
3Naruto and DBZ both belong on /a/ if you dont like it you can leave
slice of lifeinsert token yuribait dramaUsually I love that shit 'cuz token dyke gets btfo about 99% of the time but it gets old.
8Holy shit this character chooses a gun not gun gauntlets not a gun blade just a straight up gun always goes for close attacks Just why
Character talks about fate and how it's impossible to changeMC is the only character who can change it
8antagonist is overpoweredcompletely trashes the heroescould easily kill them"It's your lucky day I'm in a hurry and can't afford that one fucking second it would take to kill you and make sure my evil plan succeeds! Ciao"
be yanderekill your man because he cheated on youmove on and start fucking some other guyeither that or you kill yourself just he put his p0n0s in some v0g00n00This is why yandere is retarded.
Anons, after this week's episode it is clearly time for you to pick a side.
2This week's episodeStill waiting for memes
2Quick Yuifags you still have time to jump boat.
Yui was a sinking ship from the moment she was introduced.
9Don't say that!!
9Yui a best. Yukino a shit. As always, worst girl wins.
0plebdon't you have some field to work on it
Iroha is a bitch and doesn't even be deserved of being counted as a love interest
2Jumping the gun on the new thread AGAIN
2One pic for BTFO
6
Why is the episode taking longer to be subbed this week?
8Because you touch yourself
8Think that most people who sub are at a convention. May be up after crunchyroll
4oh ok
2I jump from Yui onto the promising Iroha. Yukinon a shit.
I miss it guys
Don't worry. Rumour has it that Togashi is going to stop bothering with the manga and instead spearhead the anime team which will continue on where the manga was supposed to go.
4what
4I want to belive
It's truly miserable to be as invested in HxH as I am. All I want at this point is a chapter goddamn.4Nice joke, Togashi's busy playing dq
9sorry anon, but sooner or later we're all gonna bedead
DQ remakes coming out this summerWe're never going get new chapters
8png
8Do people seriously complain about this?Anyone who does must have expected an even bigger asspull to kill Meruem. He only grew stronger after his fight with Netero, who was the strongest Hunter around, after all.Now: what if pic related fought Meruem?
8I fucking hate fight service faggots so much, it literally doesn't matter if the nuke was an asspull or not. It was fucking symbolic of the overwhelming dominance of man. It was supposed to show that even after Meruem proved he was superior to any human physically, intellectually and arguably even ethically given time, he was still no match for a fucking atomic bomb. He was still no match for thousands of years of human history and in the grand scheme no matter how strong or smart he was he was still a child.I see, so you had me in checkmate from the very beginning
8Literally no one ever complained about itAlso stop mentionning op out of nowhere you underage fuck, you shit up every fucking thread
3Ging copies Meruem's nenEscapes because he isn't stupid enough to throw his life away for prideComes back with stronger nen than Meruem
3Ging wouldn't fight Meruem. He's not that stupid.
9When people complain about Meruem or Pitou's death I just thank god that Togashi has free reign over hxh and doesn't have to pander to 15 year old jumpfags who just want cool fights and don't get the point of how things happened.
0He can only copy it if the ability hits him first and is simple enough. No matter how strong Ging is, i don't think he could take a hit from Meruem.
0I don't think Netero threw his own life away for pride though. He just realized he was past his prime and wanted one last battle with one of the few ? living beings that could surpass him before he could rest in peace.
6Maybe not, but he is probably smart enough to figure out how to get Meruem to hit him without killing him.
8I think it was the opposite of that. That's the impression the flashbacks gave, that he never had a worthy opponent and was bored as fuck because of it.
Nyaruhodo
3Pitou best boy.
0I'm guessing he probably did get good fights from some of the 2spooky shit we got to see so far on the Dark Continent.
6I don't think you can fight those things
7Papu and Hellbell look fightable.
4Oh yeah, I'm sure Shueisha/SJW would let that happen. It's not like stopping the manga would cost them million in future earnings or anything.
78Alluka looks like he's possessed by one of those Ai things, so even if you couldn't use to Nen to do damage to them maybe Netero had to fight a comrade maybe even Zzigg Zoldyck
8ayyy
8Better image.
1Awesome, thanks
6tiny snakessome ball headsome tiny things hiding under rocks feeding off humansIs this suppose to look like a threat? I guess the gas forms seem dangerous since you fucking breathe air and they might fuck you up hard if they force their way into you.
4They're actually pretty scary
6 le i've never seen it so it doesn't exist fallacyLurk more newfag.
4We know Ai are extremely powerful because if Nanika is one then they can supposedly grant any wish. Also, given the rest of the Dark Continent the snake is probably fucking gigantic. Can't say the same about the other stuff but there's a reason they're called the Calamities out of all the shit that appeared on pic related the page that caused the hiatus and more.
4I hope so anon
4They're all considered more dangerous than the chimera ants though.
4I dunno, theyre pretty fucking creepy to me just because they're so weird and mysterious. It's even creepier that they're 'calamities' but aren't big monsters that you'd expect to be dangerous.
4Ging spends his entire life prepping for the DC. Finally decides he's readyPeople like kurapika and leorio are going tooIf gon goes this becomes bullshit. What the fuck is kurapika doing there anyways? Doesn't he know the DC requires your best
2Did you not read the shit about Beyond and the Kakin guy?
6Those things all look super retardedI kek'd at the speech bubble from the gas
2Remember that Ging needs to be strong enough to go through the whole Dark Continent if he wants to find his dad like Gon did.Also if Kurapika cancelled his Nen Vow I don't doubt he's at least Ryodan-tier now. I mean, even Leorio got stronger.
6pube mencherry headed gnomesdog dick snakesnaked moon man
2if Kurapika cancelled his Nen VowI don't think that's how it works
5I hate beyond really but I do know Kurapika wants the eyes. Still, he can play the patient game instead of being retarded enough to go to the DC. Also I don't like how cow picked kurapika out of nowhere to go given his vow. Then leorio gets shoehorned in but at least he made an appearance at the election.
4Somehow. We don't know perfectly how Nen works. But if he didn't then I guess he's just gonna be the jobber for the next arc
2pube menfucking kek'd
4A nen oath is a self inflicted nen condition but ultimately it is still caused by nen, you know how Togashi is with his rules.I see no reason a nen remover couldn't remove a nen oath.
5He would be much more of a jobber if he cancelled the vow that made his ability that strong.
2if gon goes this becomes bullshitI kind of get that, but at the same time, I can't imagine leaving the MC out of something this big. I mean, this arc is going to change the entire horizon of this manga. Can you justify doing that without involving the MC? I'm not sure you can. If you did, anything involving Gon afterwards just wouldn't feel as impactful.
3I mean if he cancelled his ability and trained a new one. Since Nen Vows allow a person to use their full potential, we can see he would able to surpass a Ryodan member.
3Emperor Time isn't caused by a nen oath, he chain is and his chain literally only works on Troupe members.
5Yeah, Gon being left out never happened, he always had the most important role.3He only has 2 chains he can't use on anyone but the spiders, he's basically an enhancer with a conjurer ability. He's really strong.6Even when he didn't use them for chain jail Uvo noticed they were infused with a huge amount of nen.
5I would expect Gon to have his own thing going on, retraining his nen while everyone goes to dc arc and then maybe eventually their storylines cross over. But it wouldn't be that weird, he never even met Meruem but that didn't affect the ca arc negatively. Having the mc sit out of certain parts of the story is unusual but a good thing.
1he can use judgement chain on more than just spiders.
1Where was this stated?
3you can tell from the fact that he's using it on himself.Plus it was never stated that he could only use it on spiders.
5Well Togashi is focusing on leorio and kurapika now while we already had a huge focus on gon/killua for +3 arcs more than the others. The CA was long as fuck too. I wouldn't be surprised if he did do it.
5On himself and the spiders then.I'm basing this on the fact that it seems pretty OP to have an ability that means insta-death if someone disobeys you and that he only has been seen using it on ryodan members.
Why does this series have no good merch? I need to hotglue a shizuku scale
6tfw papu will never ever wisp you away from this cruel world and give you full bliss
9surely it would only work on a target in zetsu.
59He's not using it on himself, it is used on himself by default as a condition of the oath. If he uses judgement on anybody but the Phantom Troupe that breaches the condition of the judgement used on himself causing him to die.
How long until chrollo fucks kurapika's shit up now that he has his face and most of his dangerous abilities down pat?
8Let's see, if Togashi releases one volume a year I'd say somewhere between three and four thousand years sounds reasonable.
1you're thinking of chain jail.
i legit teared up.   a bitI really hope there's a least a moment when Colt discovers his sister is still alive
5No I'm not, judgement wraps around the heart.
4But he only has like 25 years left to live.
6It does, but Chain Jail is the chain that has the condition of "can only be used on phantom troupe or I die". Judgement Chain has no known condition other than only being usable in emperor time.
I hope everyone is aware of the fact that it's best man's birthday soon
8An ability that strong is obviously only going to be usable on the ryodan. Look at Mizai, he's most likely much stronger than Kurapika and has a similar ability, but it's not lethal.
8That's right. I was mistaken.
4If that were the case then surely it would've been mentioned during one of its many appearances. But no such thing has ever been stated, so you're just running off speculation.
84Judgement Chain can be used on anyone but it doesn't hold the target still like Chain Jail does. He can use Judgement Chain on anyone but it would be hard to aim and plus the target can still move around and attack Kurapika while he's using it. That's why it's simply impractical to use Judgement Chain in an actual fight against an opponent who isn't already restrained.
just read level egirly boys, crossdressing, traps, homos, cute shotasSasuga Togashi, his tastes have not changed at all
58lol
0That's Chain Jail, you dunce.
Friendly reminder that this happened
1filename
1OTP But that's Gon not Phinx.
1read filenamewut
8Yeah, of course it's just speculation. But it makes more sense to me, only new chapters will tell.4if you attack me, you diewin the fightIt seems really too broken to just be an ability that he can use on anyone.
9Gon and PhinksEnhancers go with transmuters, not other enhancers
7What? Phinx and Feitan are OTP anon. You misread my post.
9Fuck me i'm retarded
9Major bookstores in Japan have literally listed the series as "complete"WSJ still caring about whether or not Togashi stops it
0Yeah bookstores will just stop selling new volumes, HxH doesn't really sell much in Japan anyway
0That just means major bookstores, Togashi and Jump are all set to make a bit of extra money by putting volumes into a collection.HxH is one of their best sellers so I'd say they care, enough that they won't risk pissing Togashi off.
0It was a business decision made by the stores to sell off the older volumes they have in stock. Doing that clears stock and shelf space for other titles/newer volumes. What do you think, when the new HxH volume finally releases these stores won't stock it? That's not what's happening here, they're just trying to move product.
4A creature can be dangerous even if is small, all depends of what kind of "ability" or "magic" can do that creature.I bet that Togashi already made those calamities very OP, and still they can find more and stronger calamities in the way to find those rare items.
3Didn't they say something about seeing a new calamity each time they went to the DC? Maybe we'll get to see a 6th surprise one.
1
4yes, they did voice the concern that Beyond will unleash a sixth calamity onto the world.
4In fact Ging said that they are going to face a new calamity because Beyond wants to go to a new route, so facing a new and unknown calamity is even more dangerous that facing those 5 calamities.
4Togashigiving a single fuck about the anime
9gains his series popularitynot caringWhat the other anon said is bullshit, but I'd say Togashi at least cares about the anime. It's nothing but a benefit for him.Now that I think about it, didn't he help out on the 2011 series quite a bit?
0gains his series popularityHis manga was popular as fuck and selling gazillion long before Madhouse made their pasta. The show is only popular with retards that won't buy the manga or the BDs so really, no one gives a shit.
1But that's just wrong. The 2011 series introduced a lot of new people who weren't familiar with HxH beforehand, people who are now buying the manga. Just because it wasn't important to you doesn't mean it was the same for others, that's just self-centered thinking.
4if they did that they would have to at least replace madhouse's killua design with one more similar to togashi's
3colt doesn't have his memories from when he was human
7He remembered his mom
9He only remembered his sister's name and not being able to protect her
6Plus a lot of foreigners because of crunchyroll, netflix, etc. It must be pretty awesome for a mangaka to have people from other countries be familiar with their work. Though I'm sure it'd be better if they were reading it.
0They would probably need an exorcist for it because you're essentially cursing yourself for power
Don Freecss found a way to prolong his life on dark continentprobably found out some new things about the Nen as wellHow strong he could end up?
, 
, 
, 
, 
Just started this, can't believe I didn't know about it. Rumiko is a goddess, i'm laughing my ass off.Really needed something like this
It's pretty comfy
8It truly is. I'd say it's a mix of both Inuyasha and Ranma but I'm actually feeling more Ranma vibes
6The pricetag humor never gets old.
6I'll give it a shot. I was thinking it was just a poverty Inuyasha.
Sakura is so fucking chill, never fails to make me laugh.
6Forgot pic.
I agree with all of the above. It's a shame it doesn't have a larger fanbase, but that also keeps these threads properly laid-back and comfy.I'm still impressed by just how equally I like all of these characters. I don't have a definite favourite, and I also don't find any of them annoying, even a little bit. This is all pretty rare for me.
dunno man, i read the manga and was shit compared to Ranma or Urusei Yatsura
4Imagine what Inuyasha would have been if it were just in the modern world without the shounen antics, and pulled off its humor really well instead of relying on predictable antics for comic relief and you're kinda in the ballpark.It's better to watch it on its own merit though.
I like it a lot. I don't even mind the mascot character.
6Its not the best thing out there but as 8 said its pretty fucking comfy. Rumiko is best girl of the century
1Really doesn't6Well you shouldn't compare it, it's a different thing. 7She's super chill.I love that her reactions are "ah, oh" It's hilarious.
7I think that's the point of this kind of manga/anime, after watching some darker or more serious stuff you can watch this and change airs
3Oh fuck, it was for 5
6It's pretty good. Not great, but good. I'm glad it's 2 cour. Also it has the best OP of the season.
4Any idea how is it going in sales department? or is this that kind of anime that's not meant to sell?
4Also it has the best OP of the season.I tentatively agree, and that's in a season with some seriously steep competition. It's like saying 'best boy of the season'.Also thank you. This is my first time hearing the full version, somehow.
4it's 2 cour.
7But rinne is best boy of the season. Sakura could be best girl, if we're counting it as a character and not girls you want to fuck
7It's doing pretty bad, at least from what I've seen in stalker threads, like ranking 1500 and stuff like that. Although I would guess the important thing here is if it's boosting the manga sales.7Yeah, this season had some great OPs and EDs. If I had to choose an ED it would be Shokugeki no Souma's though.6class="quote"25 episodes are planned.
8What if I want to fuck Rinne?
Still waiting for FFF
Supporting that jew self inserter Rumiko.Fools all of you.
5I can't stop myself.
5Not liking Rumiko-senseiI have only but respect for her, she became a mangaka so that she could create heroines and self-insert as them. She's like the perfect otaku living in a dream world
5considering FFF is 4 episodes behind, I would say just watch HS. They were kinda shitty anyway since they didn't use honorifics. The only good thing was that they used the tv rips and that they sometimes released faster than CR
5FFF can rot in hell
4I like the ending 
3But why would she self-insert as girls that fall for admittedly worthless men?
3That's just gay, anon.
3Worthless menLiterally who? All her boys are best boys. Or you're going to tell me you wouldn't fuck Inuyasha when he's tsun tsun
2I might have had thoughts like that when I unironically watched it in middle school.You got me, anon.
2Nah, I'd rather the lewd tsundere.
9I can't think of fucking anyone that's not Lum in that one
2forgot pic
Most underrated anime of the season.
6It's a shame it doesn't have a larger fanbaseLet's aim for jojo levels, what could go wrong?
1Well there's a lot of more mainstream stuff this season, it's hard.
1semen demon?
1The ending is great, and I especially like how they change the animation when a major cast character makes their appearance.
0With Masato, it's hard to tell.
6Meido Rokudou winning the drag contest for Cup o' Noodles was based as fuck.
2That's not for his lack of trying though. The scene that was capped from was pretty much Ataru blackmailing Sakura into a date and telling her he wants to fuck, after all.
7This is NHK series so sales doesn't matter much5According to a comment on their site, their translator for this series is apparently missing or something.
1Didn't know that, it's one of those series that are all about viewership?. i'm glad then.
1translator kidnapped by Filipino piratesFFF refuses to pay ransomMan, fansubbing got hardcore ever since anime went mainstream.
1Seems that fansubbers are more adept at killing themselves than official sources are at killing them.
The OST is by the same person that did Cardcaptor Sakura's OST.
9Which explains why it's fun.
6 Eh, who cares? There's only like 10 people on /a/ watching it.
6every anime viewer is on /a/
5Only the worthwhile ones.
6
7Counting Yaharifags as worthwhile
4Saying "Only the worthwhile anime viewers are on /a/" doesn't imply that everyone on /a/ is a worthwhile anime viewer.
4Fine, you win.
8Totally agree. I like Sakura, but she totally lacks in sex appeal. Kagome was sexier, and Kagome was far from the sexiest Rumiko Takahashi character.It's weird to watch a show like this and just think the female lead is a bro. Not bad, but not the usual either.
Posters 21 nowAw yeah fan #21 reporting for duty. I look forward to future threads after this finishes airing and 404s after 10 posts every time.
2
waiting for FFF
Unf that full OP and ED
5OP and ED scheduled starting episode 14.
7Life is good
0Oishii
6 tfw no P-Chan plush
9The ones on eBay look like shit.
Someone have 100000 yen webm?
2after this finishes airingI wonder if NHK is going green-lit S2 at the last episode of S1 like some of their shows.7Looks like the ED singer now is going to do the new OP and the new ED singer is still TBA.
0Nothing but the best quality here.
1Passepied's doing the new OP? Guess they impressed people.
Is this summerbait?
7Back in the '90s I had a friend make me one from scratch that was virtual perfection. Took it to a convention and someone stole it from my room I suspect it was a hotel employee, no one else but my work crew had access to the room and those were people I'd trust with my wallet. I miss that thing, we had some good travels.
7summerbaitAs compared to what?
7
6Not sure, I always see /a/ calling this show stale and bashing it.
7Those people are very silly and love their mainstream shows very much.
7alwaysThis show is barely even discussed.
7Well maybe is not for mature people such as them. They prefer mature and deep shows like Yahari and Danmachi.. and fate
1This. Not enough fanservice, doesn't appeal directly to fujos, not ecchi; it's like the anti-/a/ show, so nobody but patricians and Takahashi fans are paying any attention to it.
Oh gosh that VA of the wig!
8Anyone famous? I didn't even catch the name.
3Takahashi fansThere's too much new lurking around /a/ i'm sure they don't know who Rumi is
3It is nice to have something with fanservice that's a bit less conspicuous.
2Nobuyuki Hiyama. He just flat out has a silly voice and I can't help to love it.
1I hope not. That'd be awful.
1I can't even conceive of the kind of subhuman that doesn't know Takahashi.
0Yushiro Gowa in GasarakiAirs Blue in Infinite RyviusShiro Amada in Gundam 08th MS TeamPootan in Cromartiea wig in RinneGod damn
3she's rich as fuck, she can afford a sexy yet poor BF.Pinning after boring richfags is for beta loser women.
I think the reason why the series doesn't have a very large following is that it starts a bit slow, before the cast grows and Rinne becomes less of a straight man and more of a pauper.
9But Takahashi richfags are crazy.
3My waifu Renge will not be introduced into the anime.
9Takahashi having anything to do with a manThat old dyke isn't interested.
The only show I will not drop
, 
Aren't their size differences too much?
3For u
3If I removed those lips, would he die?
No
5I'm worried that his penis is larger than her thighs
No but she will spray a gallon of blood over him during their first fuck
9I've watched enough Orc on Elf action to know that's not to big an issue after the first time
5Toyone wasn't wrong
3Yes. Suna's oneesan would be better
3Isn't the dialogue in this show incredibly shallow and repetitive?
How would they french kiss?
5Yes.If I hear Takeo go OH WOW YOUR FOOD IS DELICIOUS AAAAAAHHH then I'm going to fucking drop this shit
5Yes. I assume that it's popular here because tall/fat/permabulking anons can self-insert.
this show is pure as fuck compared to anime on the market these daysI like it, even if it full of cliche lovey shit. It's just cute, pure and maybe that's what I need right now next to shit like BIKINI WARRIORS.But yes, she would get fucking destroyed by his mammoth third leg. Maybe let her try oral instead.
9Most dicks don't go over five/six inches in circumferential girth, most women can handle more than that, especially considering things like childbirth or gynecologic examsLength is inconsequential, judging by size differences alone he'd never get the whole thing in no matter how long or short it is
5Sadly, that is how a lot of relationship conversations are. My roommate and his girlfriend would say "I love you!" at least 10 times every skype session which they would have twice a day every day. Fuck couples.
Am I the only one who thinks a sex scene would be really cute?
1get out of here with those thoughts.
5Yes. Makes me wonder what the fuck they talk about outside of ''your food is delicious'' and ''suna is amazing''.How can you keep a relationship having so little in common?
4My Chinese cartoon doesn't contain sesquipedalian prosePrepare to drop then, Touchy-kun, cause there's more on its way
3Can't wait for the doujins. When he prone bones this chick it's gonne be gold. Might pop out of her fucking mouth.
8A lot of couples start to worry that they have nothing in common after they've exhausted all their topics of conversation. Somehow it works out though.
5That's the point.
1Imagine his hulk size chinchin inside her.
0but Takeo would try to be super gentle with her.
Is this the Mary Sue thread?
Why do all black people in anime have lips like that?
9anime will never be pureit'll always pander to filthy otaku degeneracy
4It's coded sex.10There would be so much cuddlingAlso, /a/ is all virgin college freshman so they don't know that the vagina of a woman when she's turned on as much as Yamato is when she's within even 100 meters of Takeo is very, very elastic, and also producing enough lubricant to meet the needs of every car in the Indy 500.
0All my roommate and his girlfriend talked about were wrestling and video games and occasionally anime
3I'm still calling a comically small penis that looks even smaller just due to his body size.
The op makes my tummy tickle.
tfw Doujins NEVER
6all NTR
Can somebody explain to me how Takeo is cool? I don't understand.
that epthat friendshipshow manages to get to me without cheaply killing anyone offHow bad will the ending be
1She dies giving birth to a 100lb baby.
Sunakawa is gay right? That's where they're going with this surely.
1the whole thing turns out to be a Golgo 13 prequel.
6Literally the best possible ending. Good job anon.
Lips: The Series
2No that's Initial D.
0I thought Initial D was Eurobeat: The Series?
8I was more referring to the manga. The anime is basically just a giant AMV.
8How can you keep a relationship having so little in common?you stay together for the children.
8Alright, Lips: The Animated Series.
3Am I the only one who doesn't think perverted thoughts about these two and truly enjoy the show and feel it's one of those rare manga to anime adaptations that is slightly better than the source material.Also it seems to rain when i watched the last episode with Suna's dad.
8450Aren't they both like 13? Have you seen 13 year olds in a relationship? They don't say shit to each other.
3His Asian so it's fine.
9Well it'll work out somehow, I mean look at Shaq and his wife.
0They're ~16
3Size doesn't matter when you're in love.
1Holy shit, she could blow him standing up.
1Look at their hands, holy crap.His palm is as big as her face. How does this work?
5Go away you freak!
9AI YO
1Homeboy is packing heat, too. Look at the size of that massive dong bulge in his ugly jean shorts. It's like the size of her whole arm. Flaccid.I wonder what kind of internal injuries she has suffered in the name of love?Can Yamato stick it out through that type of severe medical trauma?Maybe that surgeon who did such a good job on Suna's dad's heart could like, preemptively remove some organs before Takeo gives her the ol' tubesteak?
Right in the feels
0feels
0Daily reminder that PM will get a happy ending just like the other originals where edgemasters were expecting a bad end yuyuyu, sora no method
could Michiru end be any more imminent? gets jealous of Isla in every episodegets flustered around Tsukasa in every episodegets teased by Zack about what a giant fucking tsundere she is in every episode"Geez! I guess I better eat lunch with you... to protect Isla from you!""Geez! I guess we better sleep together... to protect Isla from you!" she's never been confessed to before we already know Isla is off to the gas chamberssomeone will have to pick up Tsukasa once Isla is gone
0Man, it feels so bad. I don't think I can take it.
8It won't get a happy or edgy ending.The plot abruptly ends at the third to the last episode, followed by a beach episode and an idol episode, both unrelated to the plot.
0Who knows, maybe the anon saying Tsukasa is terminally ill was right on the money.
8She's got a month to live. It's easy to expect for edge ending
5one time got appendicitisanother passed out for skipping meals and overworkingterminally illHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
0We all know this won't happen. Isla will get mind wiped and given a new personality, and Tsukasa will give her the diary that will now have all the memories he and Isla made in it.It's clear as day.
5That's totally what's going to happen, you don't just recover from anime disease
8wanting a thematically appropriate ending makes you an 'edgemaster'Literally retarded.
3This is what I figured would happen too. They keep showing the diary so much.
8Sora was a bad end, just painfully generic. yuyuyu had in mind a franchise all along so they couldn't kill off any main characters in the beginning.
9Speaking of bad endings , do you remember Sola anon
9On the other hand this seems like a self contained story right?
9yuyuyu had in mind a franchiseToo bad that franchise is pretty much over alreadyso they couldn't kill off any main characters in the beginningExcuses
Someone explain how robots can cry tears
9She's crying the tea she drank.
9Same way Isla can pee and get moist when Tsukasa man handles her.
0IslaIs that her name? From watching raws I thought her name was Aira.
0I don't know. On her character sheet it reads "Isla" despite being spelled "Aira" in the Japanese. Since "Isla" is on all the official stuff, I've gotten used to that.But in one episode it shows "Aira" on Eru's tablet.
8He thinks that yuyuyu had a good ending
2On her character sheet it reads "Isla" despite being spelled "Aira" in the JapaneseDo you even know how transliteration from Japanese works?
0I don't think there's a single language that has a silent s like that. Island and isle don't count because those are due to spelling mistakes from people messing up the etymology.Isla should be written as イズラ
0Just an observation, anon. The only real reason I'd think it was in question is because of Eru's tablet in episode 2.
029
5The name in its original form was IlayI stand by my claim. Still, learned something new.
0.g-geez, we better have sex, to protect Isla's virginity from you!
No one is reading this, right?
I am
, 
, 
Does /a/ like Taku Iwasaki? Would you be willing to go to one of his concerts?
3Isn't that the Persona 4 MC?
He's having some good ole fun eh
My favorite is the trust and betrayal soundtrack.
I have his ST from Ruroken and by have I mean pirated.
3I like his OST of JoJo BTalso what anime is that first soundtracl "Flying" from ?
ROD the T.V and the 2014 Kaito Kid are two of my favorite anime soundtracks ever, but I also feel he's pretty hit or miss for me personally.
Why are DBZ fans so fond of Tienshinhan?Literally everytime i ask why, they bring up "Dude he held back Cell!"First of allPiccolo, Goku, Trunks, Vegeta, 16 or Gohan have done or could have done the same or even more so who cares?Second of allAll he did was dragging out the inevitable. Cell still became perfect so it's all in vainI get that he is "only" a human and that it is still a great show of power, but in comparison still not much
8Not even close.
Guys don't you have another thread to spew your shit in?
7Nearly satan.8Oh? Is this not the shitposting thread?
9It was a rare moment when he was able to do something other than stand around and people like to hold on to that.Personally, I like Tenshinhan because his character arc in Dragon Ball was pretty interesting.
9Because...Kikoho
9if goku used tien's technique and executed it to the same ratio of power level to damage that tien didhe would one-shot everyone, that's it, no questions asked
2Yeah DB was really interesting in terms of character developments.That stagnated sometime in DBZ since the only characters that develop there are Vegeta and MAYBE Mr. Satan.
0Yup.And then he'd drop dead.
Dude had 3 eyes. Is that not enough to think he's awesome?
3almost drop dead and that mattersbecause senzu beans don't exist right?
37Given the Saiyan way of gaining power, that'd seem to be a major feature.
9Krillin and Mr Satan are the only good human characters.
0He must have beaten hardmode as the lost.
9You dumb nigga. I know this is bait, but it's cause he's human, the strongest full human.
9You've never watched Dragon Ball. Shut the Fuck up and leave /a/ forever.
Fuck off fucking DBZ spamming cancer shit.
Oh look it's another fucking DBZ thread, leave now.
4Just stop.
1I wonder why they didn't just shoot holes in each others chests and let Dende heal them over and over and over again.Then Beerus and even Whis would stop being relevant
9tienshinahn is the strongest human, dog
Check these Dragon Dubs.
I'll love it when this shit airs and all of /a/ will shitpost to death the threads, it will be like the Naruto scandal again.
2Honestly, I think the "defeated foe becomes close ally" became a bit too much. I was really glad that Toriyama didn't pull that shit with Frieza.
1Don't worry they'll fix that with Dragon Ball Chou. Frieza is coming back so no doubt they'll be friends.
Why don't you discuss this shit on the board where it belongs and where you came from?/v/
7Goku obliterated Frieza in the latest film though. Mind you, this is after Frieza won against Vegeta and killed everyone and Whis had to turn back time. Vegeta ALWAYS fucks up.
17Frieza did literally nothing wrongthe "worst" thing he ever did was kill the saiyans and those guys were assholes
1Frieza is like... the biggest self inflated asshole in the universe.Vegeta never was evil per se, he just had the wrong teachers.
5When did I imply Frieza did anything wrong? Fuck saiyans, they're a bunch of dumb, smelly apes that deserve extinction.
0Really?I haven't seen the movie yet, i thought after all these years Vegeta finally has a chance to shine
1He does until Frieza gets pissy and blows up the earth. Vegeta has ALWAYS fucked up by gloating and dragging things out. Remember when he let Cell be perfect?
2And if not dubs you fuck off anyway.
Daily reminder that Toriyama himself confirmed that Krillin is the strongest human.
1Yeah i do.Vegeta never learns from his mistakes. He also never manages to reach his full potential, even though he realized how Goku does it, he doesn't adapt it.Wasted potential everywhere
3Yes and no. Currently, Vegeta is stronger than Goku. He's just a cocky moron.
1Goku gets Frieza on the ropes but gets taken out by a cheap shot from Frieaza's minion. Vegeta tags in and finishes beating the shit out of Frieza. Frieza ragequits and blows up the Earth. Whis turns back time, and Goku snipes Frieza before he can do it. Vegeta complains about him killstealing.1Krillin isn't a human because he has no nose, dude
01The point was that he was too slow to stop Freeza from pressing really hard on the ground. The flaws that Whis pointed out in him and Goku are still there by the end of the movie, including their refusal to work together.
1 third eye human
9He is?Wow. Hope they reflect that in the upcoming show somehow.0They don't refuse to work together.Vegeta does. Goku always wants to fight together.
1By that logic Tien isn't a human either because third eye
7Nah at the end of the movie Goku agrees with Vegeta that it wouldn't be fun if they just teamed up to defeat every strong opponent
1Really?Okay, Goku is even more of a retard than i hoped he was
0Tenshinhan is the only living person that knows itUnless the crane hermit is alive somewhere.
4Why dont you suck a boner
9As if Tien couldn't teach it to Goku
The motherfucker has an attack named Tri-Beam in which he makes a triangular shape with his hands and it makes a square hole in the ground. I mean thats some shit right there.
Mods can delete the shitpost but when this airs they will have to be on fulltime like with Naruto, I'm sure they will like it.
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Arc or Saber?You may only pick one.
Arc is LITERALLY perfectSaber is so dull you'd never imagine she lived a life as a man, much less anything else
I've never played Tsukihime past the first CG and I can tell you that Arc is on a whole different level to Saber.
I want to fuck Arc when she was summoned as Berserker in ExtraSounds kinky as FUCK
Saber,Shiki would fucking kill me if i even touch Arc but i think Shiki would be ok with me taking Saber as long as she is happy. If he even understands whats happening
Saber  remake Arc  old lady Arc
8Haha... no
both
6Picking one girl over the other because you scared of her man who isn't even canonically guaranteed to be hersSounds like the king of cucks is the right choice for you either way
3Ilya
8Anon you had it in reverse, otherwise not bad , not bad
3Arc
4Shiki and Arcnot canonically guaranteed to be hersPls.

ARC IS LOVE
3Wherever Shiki is, he must also rape.
akiha
8Yeah this guy makes the best Tsukihime Hentai by miles. He recently made this and a new Akiha Doujinme cum buckets
6Who's this handsome manly man?
Saber. But Arc is also cute.
3How i met your mother.jpg
8cute girl6cute manchoice is obvious unless you're a faggot, you can have the man then
Arc is like 10x better than Saber. I think the only thing that Saber may have over Arc is her naivete.
7King Arthurcute girlMother Earthcute manHomosexuality mass critical
3Arcueid. Doesn't eat as much.Fun.Has big boobs and a nice ass.Fit.She's low maintenance.
3shiki being a stalker fuck83Tsukihime literally needs more hentai doujins for the series.
7stalker fucknot all stalkers decide to chop a woman into bits during their first time
0She's low maintenance.I wouldn't really consider arc low maintenance, considering her mental state is and never has been exactly stable.She's just very easy to please.
Arc is perfect
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Since Illya will take the appearance of the Class Card she installed, does it mean she will be topless if she install the Berserker card?Can't wait to see that.
Right in the feels.
Wow, Yuuta fucked up hard. Now he'll be passed out for the moment the computers get hacked.
NYAAAAAAAAA MOTHERFUCKERS
0Guriko called it
wat do
0
What will Guriko do to the unconscious Yuta /a/?
Who kills Ito at the shrine?
1Oh shit this is some berserk shit right hereRape yuutaGet her pregnantThey all swap back to their original bodiesBaby now has 3 parents
8That broad Guriko.
19Well actually won't he just die from hypothermia like Guriko said?
8She pals around with a fucking bear take a guess
9This actually might happen.
6It's certainly not the yandere sensei
I'm looking forward to the bad end.
3It can't be a bad end, there are three more episodes.
So if they change back to their original bodies.Would you enjoy seeing the body of the Yukatan you came to know and love, try to ram an asteroid into earth?Would you enjoy a girly yuuta cuddling with a friendly teraoka?These are important things you should be pondering.
8I'm ok with it, ever17 spoiled me.
8No, i hope pine's body dies and everyone stays in their current bodies.
I feel like the ED is trying to tell something. Spirit Yuta looks pissedMikatan at the center as if she's the MC
7Same. Though I'm expecting Yuuta's current body to die and him to end up bodiless.
8I always thought he just looked mildly content.
8He is pissed because the fucking cat is pestering him.
4]:
8May be Mikatan was feigning ignorance and she was mc all along? like Akane
Who's ready for Yuuta to stop the meteor himself?
feelsnobody calls OP out on itConfirmed cancerous fanbase.
9caring at all
When did Meika find out that Yuuta was a girl? I thought on the first time around it was when they were in the room together but she mentions she already knew there.Also why does Guriko go by Teraoka and Tsubochi Qmay if she's the leader of the group? Is her body breaking down from uberfication or is Tsubochi another actual person?
2Tsubochi is another person, and he's dead.
2Meika checked Yuuta's registration records on her own, Yuuta never told her.Tsubouchi Qmay is not Teraoka. Teraoka is the acting leader of Qmay while Tsubouchi is dead.
2When did Meika find out that Yuuta was a girl?Probably even before he moved in? She's the landlady, she had to see all the documents and shit.
2She's been Yuuta's landlord for months now, and his sister's before then. It probably came up at some point.
Why is this anime so shit?
I thought the cat was lying by saying he shouldn't mess with history, but turns out Yuta is just that bad at following instructions.
1Nah, I still don't trust the cat. Nobody good would be that flippant about the deaths of those girls.
Those aren't Guriko's eyelashes. The only reason we have to think that's Guriko is because her soul is missing from the cast, Teraoka said it liar an the cat said it liar. Teraoka's eyes were always obstructed in the first episode so we can't get anything from that, but even when he possessed the bus driver the eye's glowed gold just like now. So assuming it's the same person as on the bus, it could be Tsubochi Qmey, as Teraoka stated he was the leader and the eyelashes look more masculine, like Pine's.
1In this episode, Teraoka has Pine's eyes.
1what if it wasn't a 3 person body swap, but a 4 person swap in the car. Guriko really swapped with the older driver, and the older driver was really the bad guy.
8Ishigata is invalid, he can't Uber
8if you look at Ishigata's eyelashes in this episode, they look like normal masculine eyelashes, like Pine's and Teraoka's, not Guriko's.
Ice cold gangsta.
1That's not Guriko, it's the evil scientist from the lab. Calling it now.
1To my mind it can only be Guriko unlikely, Tsubochi Qmey, or the cat, as those are the only one's shown to have Uber/spirit powers, though not ruling out that several of those could be the same person.
8Dude
1The similarity is in the hair here, not the eyes like it is for Chiyoko and Pine. Notice how it's in three sections like it is for Guriko.
To do what?
2To go speak to spirit Yuuta in the room above them.
9Those time stamps are pretty nifty things. Thanks.
Here's my theory, poke holes in it as you see fit.Tsubochi Qmey is the first person to be able to Uberfy. He starts Qmey group to create W unknown and Uber labs to research uberfication. Uber labs makes Pine, Chiyoko and Guriko. They escape but Guriko in Pine's body is recaptured. When Tsubochi Qmey's body dies, his spirit goes into Pine's body, permanently kicking Guriko's out while he tries to create a super body out of Muhi ?. Guriko's disembodied soul becomes Chiranoskue, which is probably a pun but most likely means "Group assistant"
0why is spiderman hurting that man
Something I just noticed, comparing the Meika scene from episode 3 to the one in episode 9.In episode 9, Meika goes to Yuuta's room because Yuuta wanted to ask her to check Mikatan's condition, as she collapsed the night beforeWhen Mikatan collapsed this episode, Yuuta revealed he was Pine to her, and also sang the song learned from IshigataMikatan doesn't know Miyazawa Kenji's identity in episode 6. While she doesn't necessarily know it in this timeline, you'd think that she would realize it was Yuuta in episode 6 if she heard Miya Ken singing it, meaning he never told her he was Pine thenThis means that she most likely never collapsed in front of him in the previous timeline, and that Yuuta never called Meika to come to his room to talk about it with herMeika went to Yuuta's room for some other reason in the previous timeline, and she's also still only in her underwear then instead of a shirt and blanket Yuuta is just facing the other wayYuuta is also wearing his jacket in the previous timeline, while he's not in the current one doesn't really make a difference thoughMeika talks to Yuuta in this episode as if he already knows she's a robot. At that point in time, she should only think that Mikatan and Miya Ken know she's a robot, as Ito and Rabura find out after barging into her room later that night. Why would she think that Yuuta knows unless she's aware that he's Miya Ken?Also, I still think she was being possessed in episode 3 while she was in his room. I know her eyes are naturally a deep red, but they don't normally have the possession glow to them.
meika best punchline
I don't know why people think we're getting a bad end for sure when they still have plenty of time to turn this around. We need a bit of suffering to happen.
Anyone else think that there's going to be an anime-original ending? Uchikoshi said during an interview when the game was announced that while the anime is an adaptation of the in-development game stated only to be "adventure", but it could also be a VN, they'll both have their differences and make use of the benefits only their respective mediums can provide.A VN uses pictures and text to get things done for the most part. There aren't always "cutscenes". But I think that the anime will end in a way that makes it obvious that it couldn't have been done without animation, like maybe it'll have a really cool action sequence or something with really neat visuals like in 5.It may not end up being the "true end", but I don't think it'll be a totally bad end either. As for other route endings, what do you think we'll get?No one dies but the bad guy endingRomance route for each girl endingsVarious body switch combination endingsBad endingsTrue ending where Rabura gets a man, Ito goes back to school, and everyone's problems are resolved in a satisfactory manner
reminder the anime will end with normal end/bad end, true end will be saved for the game.
0That's fairly sound. It explains the eyelashes too.One thing that I'm convinced of is it's not Guriko inside Pine's body in the main timespan of late December. What happened to Pine's body between the accident and body swap and the current events has yet to be shown.
5It won't get a bad end, that'll piss off too many people. It'll get an ending that works, but makes people want to say "I could do better".
0Why did he give away that he was the leader and all the details of the plan if he can just Uberfy and beat him up?
4What's the point of destroying humanity of you can't gloat about it to someone?
4Either he didn't want to reveal his secret identity or he just wanted to fuck with him.
4plot hole, drama, intentional, or he couldn't uber until that point for some reason
4No time? 3 more episodes left right? But yeah, usual villain cliche like 1
2the script/dialogue screams VN, I'm pretty sure they took a random route and decided to animate it.
1Yeah, but I wouldn't want my finger to get broken.
8The scene right before is Mikatan covering physical Yuuta's eyes and then cuts to this scene from Yuuta's POV, where you see her fingers uncover his eyes. Spirit Yuuta just looks pissed because he's looking at his body and Mikatan is looking at Yuuta/the viewer
4Because it's too late to stop the meteor now. As soon as Rabura tells Meika to check the AFSPAC servers, Qmay will be in, and they'll launch the missiles, sending VR-1 on a collision course towards earth. Right now, Yuuta is completely immobile for 12 hours, and the critical moment is at 4 AM, which is less than 12 hours away.In episode 5, Meika notices an unknown box attached to the satellite she uses to hack into servers, which was most likely planted there by Qmay.The next episode PV shows the missiles launching, and Yuuta giving up as it's now too late to prevent it.means if they're going to stop the meteor, they're gonna have to come up with a new plan, and actually destroy it. Perhaps they'll use the Kakumaker.
anyone get the feeling, that the spare pine soul will actually come to play?
1Yeah, though he'll have to work with Yuuta.What's bothering me is that he wasn't present on the roof during the Gliese scenario. Also, it didn't explain how Yuuta prevented him from seeing panties twice Mikatan  Meika, when he finds out Mikatan is Strange Juice, and seeing young Chiyoko/Guriko's panties.
2all those endings I'm pretty keenRomancing raburaYeah okay.I think the coolest thing that the show could to would be to act as an advantage to the player. What we've seen in the show is that the cat doesn't like you fucking around and making choices on your own, one. Two, that having a knowledge of basic info and events is a powerful tool in manipulating the outcomes. Just make every play through a solid loop and have the outcomes be based around you essentially knowing when something is happening and what that means. In that way people who've seen the show are already one loop in and can start playing well from dot rather than looping once to get a timeline established. Like an intentional meta advantage.
Freaking Meika destroying the world.
2wow what the hellyuta gives up, writes u turn in the book, ito runs away to the shrine AGAIN and they apparently find her dead AGAIN, this is going to be a harsh episode
, 
Cannot unsee
, 
, 
How do you think Nya-tan's going to get Rat's Sol/Lull seal?
Last episode seemed like a death flag for Cow. I mean Uri-tan came back from death and all but this might be it
4What is rabbit's wish suppose to be ? I can't figure it out
4Stepping on big fishes.If you get the rill.
4
He was the only one in the dragonball series that didnt die once
7because he was a coward.
5I mean yeah but its not like he was the only coward. Literally everyone else on earth died once except for him
7Dende didn't die or I'm wrong?
2Frieza killed him on namek
Mr.Popo
6he died too in super boo saga!
7He was the only one in the dragonball series that didnt die onceGohan didn't die either
Literally every single character died in F, but just for a few minutes.
7gohan died when kid buu destroyed the earth
4yeah but time was redone then,I was mostly talking about manga as a few characters did not die once in all of the anime
But he did dieBut the movies don't count
1when did he die in the movies? I can only think of Resurrection F but time got undone and maybe Bojack Unbound but he didnt die in that one
RIP Gregory and Bubbles
4When Ghost Freiza blows up the island.
7Master Roshi's sister never died.
7He dies with everyone else in RoF
7 only onethese 2 Kaiō-shin didn't die3, if u include the Old Kaiō-shin
I'm pretty sure he died at least once. It's been a while since i watched that shit. They did kill everyone on earth at least once right?
2It's been ages since I've seen DBZ but wasn't Mr. Satan on Earth as well at this time?
5His dying master made him swear to never pick a fight with someone stronger and with Ki after Tao Pai Pai killed him.
1the red one died to dabura, and the old one died giving his life to goku
1a, and the old one died giving his life to gokuI thought they fused with the earings.
6No, for some reason Goku saved him.
Reminder Nail was the only Namek not to get revived because he merged with PiccoloGuru doesnt count, died of old age
Are Jap teachers destined to be alone?
is densuke destined to die
You're given a full budget and free reign to make a new Ar Tonelico OVA. What is it about and who will animate it?
I take the money and run.
5I could imagine a prequel movie.
Ufotable will animate it
5Fuck this, I want a television series.Because every episode needs to give center stage to an Ar Tonelico epic/song that takes up a quarter to a third of the entire episode.Like, this should be the first fucking thing people hear in Ar Tonelico, it's genesis.
8And then I would throw in comfy as fuck BGM throughout the episode. Music needs to be in every fucking second of this show.
5Mir's Cosmosphere + ending.Shaft.
5
5Take the money and make a fan service Meruru OVA instead
Whole OVA would be nothing but Misha being cute around Lyner if I had my way.
Reyvateil Wars OVA by I.G.
Oh shit I nearly missed this thread because the OP image is different. I want to see the relationship between Aoto and Cocona develop until Croix travels to the third tower to fuck Aoto's shit up.
A series of the first Ar Tonelico with a Misha end would be fantastic.
1not the Shurelia NTR endImagine the butthurt.
2That depends.Are you talking loli Misha or adult Misha?
5Well if I got that money for a new AR Tonelico OVA i would say fuck that shit, lets finally get a Tsukihime anime rolling.
5Why only choose one when you can have both?
3Mir headtilts would be glorious.
I'd animate the second game, because it was better. The canon route would be Luca's, with the Mir ending. Personally, I prefer Cloche's route, but it doesn't really make sense for Cloche to fall in a coma, because Cloche can't possibly sing EXEC Metafalica she's an IPD, she can only sing METHOD songs, so there's no way for Cloche to have been the one absorbed by the continent. The game just glosses that point over.
6Fuck no, Cloche route all the way.I want my devoted slut Sawashiro VA, and all her songs are sung by Akiko. I want my ears and eyes to orgasm anon.
5I'm kinda wanting that the innuendo scene in the first game gets animated.... for reasons
6Personally, I prefer Cloche's route, but it doesn't really make sense for Cloche to fall in a coma, because Cloche can't possibly sing EXEC Metafalica.Cloche never received EXEC_METAFALICA. Either it failed to download or Laude downloaded something different into her, I don't remember which, but Luca was the only one of the two singing the song.
Seeing Cloche singing Replekia and mass murdering mooks animated would be glorious.
2That can't be, he used the same Hymn Crystal on the two of them, they can't store more than one song. Cloche downloaded the song but since she's incompatible with it, she was basically just singing jibberish with no power behind it. Basically the entire Cloche route is impossible, because Cloche was never singing the song to begin with.
8It's funny how the game staff like her over Luca though.
7Because Luca a shit. I prefer Cloche too, but I acknowledge that her route is literally impossible.
I came to post best girl whether you like it or not.
7Just count it as a bullshit miracle.
6The only thing is the viewer would miss some of the things that make Mir's ending and late cosmosphere so great if they don't have knowledge of Ar Tonelico 1.
8Maybe you could center the story around Mir. Start with her creation, befriending Shurelia and then starting the Reyvateil war, go through Lyner's story from her and Ayatane's perspective until he spares her and starts her on the path of redemption, then follow Mir's attempt to make Metafalica successful while learning to appreciate humans as she falls in love with one.
Mir or Cloche route OVAs would be nice.
Satelight/Encourage Films
3Satelight already animated AT2, but it had mechs, no Mir, and it was called Macross F instead.
0This, may as well make an Ar Tonelico prequel.Akiko on the songs of course.Tsuchiya in TOTAL COMMAND.Whichever team at Gainax that did Pleiades, they seem to be doing a good job with original content.
2AT2no MirI don't know what you're talking about.
0Sounds like an idea for a spinoff manga than a game.
0Good taste.
Something like Iblard Jikan with moving backgrounds with music/hymnos.Or, SCIENCE and world building with lots of info dumps.
, 
8C Preview!
2/4
3/4
4/4
Kawakami unicorns are the best unicorns.
Good morning, guys.
18Masazumi and Mary in witch clothesI never knew I wanted this.
Bigger cover pic.Also page count is 1000.
4How's that compared to the others?
5Tied for 4th in the series.
, 
What does /a/ think of Prisma Illya?
Instead of taking our word for it, maybe you should base your opinion on how many times you fapped to it
6Only thing I enjoyed from Fate
Better than UBW.I'm watching it right now.
6I'm watching it without having seen anything from FSN or anything from that universe. Is this a mistake?
6My honest feelings? It's a masterpiece in its own way.
6It has different reasons to watch/read.Anime for action.Manga for fanservice.
6I'm watching it without having seen anything from FSNMe too.
64You are blessed if you could stay away from FSN.Sure, there are some references here and there, but otherwise it has a completely different appeal.Too bad the anime concentrates too much on the FSN like things of the series and too little of the loli fanservice.
9I've been wondering... does Kuro have the same kissing technique as Shirou?
I want to watch it for the loli lesbians, but I fear it would end up as terrible as the VN from which it spawned.
6I WANT TO COMMIT A CRIME
1It only goes there 1/3 of the time.But really, if you want loli lesbian fanservice, read the manga instead.The anime only has one or two worthy scene per season. The rest is, well, diaper bloomers.
what if we took a serious VNthen, what if we took some random, unimportant side character...and then, what if we made her, and all her irrelevant friends lesbiansprisma illyaa complete insult to the Fate franchise.
3serious VN
I like Illya and F/SN but I dropped Prism. I don't like the sweet loli version of her character.
8That's good, this is not for the edgy teens but another audience.
6What does /a/ think of Prisma Illya?Here let me ask my dick.
3stale pasta is stalepost moar Kuro.
6I love it. It's hard to quantify it in comparison to my love of FSN, but I think I might love Kaleid Liner more.Phantasmoon series WHEEEEEEN?
3serious VNReminder that Fate threads are pure circlejerking with bait and copy pasta.
7It's at its worst now that there's an anime airing, but Fate and general Type-Moon threads can be pretty good. And there's definitely some depth and some complexity to both the stories presented and the world they take place it.TM wouldn't have been so popular here for so long if it was getting by JUST on the waifus and the powerlevels.. At least not with the strength it has.
6I need more akiha in my life
3Every FuckingThread
6What does /a/ think of Prisma Illya?Sex
Top 10 anime of this decade. UBW is outside of the top 500.
It makes me want to commit crimes involving my semen and their butts
, 
I wanna get all fucked up on jewel shards and fight demons
5Man I hate to admit how much I liked this series as a kid. it's also not easy to admit it was on reflection, really not very good.
Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Still to this day Inuyasha is my favorite anime
5I want to breathe fire and turn demon teeth into swords!
6You must really like eating shit then.
0m-muh taste in drawings for children is much more patrician
5You will never have some loser from the future fall out of the sky, release you from your magical slumber, and enslave you into fighting demons for her benefit while traveling the countryside with other talented people somehow pulled into the sway of her uselessness.I had dreams, once. ;_;
2Amazing musicCaptivating RomanceInteresting plotEngaging settingNot great, but decent charactersIt wasn't bad. If it hadn't gone the cash-cow route it would be a top tier shounen.
6Can I do a case study on you bro
2It's got more ups than downs going for it in my opinion. It's just repetitive, not exactly bad.
I think the biggest problem was Rumiko Takahashi was a comedy writer, where you really can get away with no progression week after week for years and years as long as something funny happens.
6Inuyasha is shit though.LAST TIME ON INUYASHAKAGOMEEEEEEEINUYASHAAAAAAKAGOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEINUYASHAAAAAAAAAAAAA[plot recap]Demon shows up, does a thingMiroku tries to wind tunnel the thing, but ugh the wind tunnel is spreading ughDemon talks about doing more thingsInuyasha or Seeshy show up and do a bigger thingKAGOME....INU....YASHA....NEXT TIME ON INUYASHAEvery episode is like this
8No it's pretty bad.When one of the first characters you add has a series breaking ability, ie Miroku, and the only way you stop him from solving all the problems is the magic Wasps-outta-nowhere bullshit time after time, it's pretty shit.
5Captivating RomanceInuyasha Kagome Inuyasha Kagome Inuyasha Kagome etcInteresting plotToday we'll be getting jewel shard #1532Engaging settingFeudal Japan with youkai. That's about as creative as making an FPS set in World War II.It wasn't badWrongIf it hadn't gone the cash-cow route it would be a top tier shounen.Even if it was a top-tier member of the shit pile, at the end of the day it's still a piece of shit.
5I want to change the world.
4first few Inuyasha op/eps were pretty awesome. Fukai Mori stayed on my first MP3 player for like a solid 10 years.dem violins
9Inuyasha was a comedy in it's own way.
5Not in it's own way, the comedic elements were the same character-based routines as in her outright comedies.
5This.Inuyasha didn't have any "special charm." It was all hacknied garbage. Hell, even the basic premise is just a Nip version of A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court.
5I meant in that I found some of the "dramatic" elements used to draw out the series funny.
2Whatever, I can admit I liked this show. Even if it wasn't that good I did a lot of stupid shit when I was a kid.If any of you have been to disneyland, my saliva has been on a lot of the handlebars there.
3Dude, that's nasty.
3If any of you have been to disneyland, my saliva has been on a lot of the handlebars there
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
2That first ED still sends chills down my spine.
8I can't really present any logical reason why I did that, but if I recall, it was hot when I went there and the bars were pretty cold in comparison.
3I've watched every single episode it's got to be a pretty damn good show if it can get away with doing that and I still enjoy it more than I enjoy other anime
0Or you just have bad taste.
0it's got to be a pretty damn good show if it can get away with doing that and I still enjoy it more than I enjoy other animeBut have you considered the possibility that you're just an idiot whos easily entertained by bright shiney colors?
5No, dude. It was worse than Naruto.
2What? It was actually very good. The standards for these type of shows have dropped significantly since Inuyasha aired.
0Does anyone have the greentext pasta?
9HAHA, INUYASHA, LOOK AT ME BEING A DICKNaraku! Stop being a dick and get over here so we can fucking fight!NOGET OVER HERE DAMN ITPTTTHHHPWINDBACKLASHADAMANANTHOLEINSPACE SLASHAh fuck! You dick, I just made that body! Good thing my head conveniently escaped all the damage. Barrier motherfucker, and have some bees ontop of it, and you know what, miasma, cause just fuck you man.DAMN IT NARAKU, THIS IS LIKE THE 30TH TIME YOU'VE DONE THIS, GET BACK HERE SO WE CAN END THIS SHITNEVER, COME TO ME MY DISTRACTION DEMONS, WATCH AS I VANISH BEHIND THESE CLOUDS. ILL GET YOU NEXT TIME AND YOUR LITTLE JEWEL TOO, YOU SHIIIIIIIIITS!
Inuyasha is a show that's ONLY "useless filler shit". The closest thing it has to a continuing plot is the characters getting stronger/more developed and the fact that 9 times out of 10 whatever monster of the weak/arc they fight against answers to naraku.it's basically a D&D campaign in disguise like loddoss or slayers were
Say what you want about the rest of Inuyasha, but it still has a god-tier OST
Sesshomaru was the only reasons I watched Inuyasha. I skipped almost all of the later episode that didn't include him, Rin, and Jaken.One of the reasons that Ending 2 is the best.
7Inuyasha Kagome Inuyasha Kagome Inuyasha Kagome etcIt's bad because it's repetitiveYes, as I said the cash-cow route was bad. But is it bad in its essence or concept?Today we'll be getting jewel shard #1532Again, yes the redundancy is bad. But would it have been bad if they didn't go the cash-cow route? You've missed the same point twice here. That doesn't help you argument, and it makes mine look better.Feudal Japan with youkai.There are good and bad WWII FPS, you quarrelsome /v/ermin.WrongRight
0shit eaters like you have no right to an opinion.
I liked it. I watched all the episodes and movies.Kikyo should've won.
5I watch this for Kikyou.I have no regrets.
91Kikyo was about as entertaining a character as a wet rag. Kagome wasn't a whole ton better, but when I was self inserting into sexual fantasies I at least didn't get the chills.
I always liked Seshoumaru, Koga, Miroku and Sango's subplots. It's kind of a thing with Rumiko Takahashi, Her main characters are always both betas to eachother and as a result the chemistry of all the side characters and their stories are inherently more interesting.
This is the only anime I can remember actually having funny jokes, Miroku and that little demon that followed Seshomaru made me laugh many times.
4that's because you're a degenerate, m8. Lady in the streets freak in the sheets.
0Jaken, friend.0Exactly. I loved Rin.
3Rin is WinKagome is balogna
unironic Inuyasha threadSasuga summer /a/.
1
2I'm sorry that I like something you don't.5That's cute. It's sad that Inuyasha was popular in the early 2000s, it would have been fun to see all of the potential fan art.
2using japanese with english very cool/jp/
9Please don't feed the soul stealers.
feels.
0It's the best. No question.
Inuyasha was good
0This ending saved me from becoming and emo faggot in my teenage years.Turned me into a protohipster cunt instead.
I want to slide my tongue into Sango's pussy!
9This is the problem I had with the ending and it showed exactly what you stated. She can't write anything that's not comedy/romance. An action show is going to have to have one or the other. You rarely can balance the three.Seriously, that ending was fucking stupid. Sesshomaru needed an arc dedicated to him. He was the best character on that show, and it wasn't even his early manga rendition. Imagine if we got that version of him instead.
0 alwaysI dunno man. I love these two.
5Mermaid Saga was pretty good imo. Too bad she never finished it, but maybe that's a blessing in disguise.
5You rarely can balance the three.Yeah, but when you do, you get pure gold
1I thought it would be one of those songs that turned people into emo faggots.
Have you guys ever gone into the Inuyasha section on fanfiction.net? I did once and decided to specifically search Sesshomaru/Rin. I found some really bad written stuff, and like 90% of what I clicked was aged up Rin in high school getting into an arranged marriage with Sesshomaru, with some weird shit about Sesshomaru smelling her being horny.
8That sounds amazing. Holy shit. Was it at least funny?
Pretty much every bad thing said about this show would never have been said if it had its final battle right after the fight with the dragon. Consider:1. Inuyasha had "mastered" his sword2. Sango had come THIS CLOSE to offing Kohaku. It would have made a lot of sense to resolve that in the next meeting3. Sesshomaru had started his path of redemption. We didn't really need 300 more chapters to close that.4. Miroku's wind tunnel was right on the cusp of having been cock blocked too much. Say he actually gets to use it for real around that time. Perfect5. Kagome is just starting to get a hang of the priestess shit. After this point, her being useless in most fights made no sense. Ending here would have prevented that shit.6. Generally most relationships hadn't gone stale. It still would have been fresh enough to still keep the viewer invested.really though, it would have kept the anime in the 50-60 episode range, which IMO is the sweet spot for a long form anime.Wait okay they can also move up Kagura's death. That was alright.
still like this showknow it's shit, but damnit if I don't like it
880% of everything on that site high school AU.
9Very much so. A ton of fanfics I skimmed through had that premise, but one sticks out the most because he gets Rin pregnant and he's her fucking teacher. Also the author manages to describe a lot of things as smelling like piss.
7Post it if you still have the link. Sounds hilarious.
7Maybe. It was nice to see more Sesshomaru though.
2My nigger
7The Ryukotsusei fight, I liked that. Shame I can't remember much the show after that.
7What dragon?
7can't believe this has 33 chapters, I left off at Rin finding out she's pregnant. If I am correct, this is the fic where Rin is offered to smoke cocaine.
3Ryukotsusei, the dragon that had Inuyasha's father's fang stuck into it. First enemy Inuyasha used the backlash wave against if I recall correctly
7Thanks anon. I'm going to try and make it through the whole thing.I'm expecting the best.
38Downs, I'll tell you hwat.
5capitvating romanceyou gotta be fucking kidding me. Sure, maybe in the beginning when it wasn't really obvious, but once they acknowledged that Inuyasha loved Kagome it was repetitive "We SOOO don't like eachother," garbage.Kikyo was/is best girl for life and anyone who thinks otherwise should be flogged
7"Sesshomaru had come into my room and had given me the best make-out session ever."Can't go wrong with reading this.
8with some weird shit about Sesshomaru smelling her being horny.I swear to god some of my friends in high school nine years ago were laughing about that same fanfic.
0I think at most I made it to 13. I wish you so much luck.8It gets so much worse.8The sad thing is that it definitely wasn't. That moment of "I smell your arousal, Rin. I know you want me." seems to be required of something in every smut ever for their pairing. I saw it in like 5 other fics that I scrolled through, different authors each time.
0"That dirty dog! He could smell my arousal. Damn his demon nose!"Pretty good shit.
5Never gets old
3I wonder how old the author is.
2Probably thirty years old at the time she wrote it.
2Definitely a female. On a related note, apparently Rin is pregnant. Neat.
5The romance was the most annoying part of it. It's just Inuyasha switching between a dead girl and her reincarnation.
4when he could have had dead girl the whole time.
"I do remember screaming out Sesshomaru's name really loud and him shutting me up with a kiss, but everything else was like I had been high on weed."This shit is great.
4Let the wolf cub have the reincarnation, take Kikyo or Ayame....
0I guess that's quite a few people thinking they're being clever when it's really just gross and laughable then.2Honestly, I think it would have been better had Kikyo not been brought back.
5Sesshomaru needed an arc dedicated to him.Wasn't literally everything between reforging Tensaiga and attaining Bakusaiga his focus arc?
Inayasha was good until it went bigger shield, bigger sword over and over again.
0Okay, I give up. I can't do it, fuck man. Chapter 13 killed me.
Inuyasha: The Final Act was excellent, if a bit ADHD at times because they were cramming entire volumes into episodes. I wish the entire series could have been like that, maybe a bit better-paced. But all the filler and random bullshit arcs in the first series really padded out what could have been a brisk, awesome shonen.
5Inuyashashounen
0Bruh just read 14 and drop it. You just need to read the reactions to her baby daddy. After that you can quit.
7Yes. It was published in Weekly Shonen Sunday.
7what?9Inuyasha only has like 26 episodes of filler
8Not that guy, but Sesshomaru really needed his own series. That or a short series of OVA.
5Ah fuck! You dick, I just made that body! Good thing my head conveniently escaped all the damage. Barrier motherfucker, and have some bees ontop of it, and you know what, miasma, cause just fuck you man.
1Sure was, but that doesn't stop it from being shoujo
7In hindsight, Red Tessaiga was the worst shit. They had to fuck up the entire bat demon society to get it he didn't kill the little girl, but he killed all the souls of their ancestors in the red jewel and he used it like 4 times before Naraku...just made better barriers than the bat demons, even though they made the best barriers and that was the point of the arc. I think the anime added extra uses of Red Tessaiga later on, but diamond Tessaiga is so much better at breaking barriers that it's just stupid to even bother with the red variant.
8The only thing that makes something a shounen, shoujo, seinen, josei, kodomo, or whatever other demographic is what kind of magazine it's published in.
2Not what demographic the series is aimed towards?So if a cow is born in a tree, it is a bird?
7Rin is offered to smoke cocaine
8Okay, that was worth it, holy shit. I really want this person to reread this ten years from now.High school girls getting pregnant is the hot thing in this fanfic apparently.
6Satan
Is there a term for a show that begins with an interesting premise and setting but ultimately goes to ruin? Bleach and Attack on Titan remind me of Inuyasha in that regard.
3Yes, what demographic the magazine is aimed towards is what makes the difference in how these series get labeled. Not the actual majority of who reads the stories.
3Chi's Sweet Home is a seinen. It is published in a seinen magazine, and the magazine itself is aimed towards adult men. Chi's Sweet home is a silly gag-a-strip series about a kitten, but it is still seinen.Likewise, Jojo's was shonen up until Part 7. It didn't magically change tone in Part 7, it just changed magazines. Though this let it produce longer chapters, it still pursued the same subject matter and themes as it did as a shonen.
0Nah, their profile says they're about twenty now, making them eighteen when they started writing this shit.
1Everyone besides Inuyasha and Kagome deserved more meaningful screen time
6hating on kagomefull plebDon't forget that Kagome was just as powerful as Kikyou.
MOTHERFUCKING Sesshoumaru.Yeah, you probably think "what a fag", "he looks like a girl and is wearing make up" or some shit like that. Well, shut the fuck up and let me tell you about the motherfucking MANBEAST that is Sesshoumaru.He ignores his fucking retarded little brother all the time. He doesn't even hate him for slicing his arm off, he just hates him for being half breed scum.This badass motherfucker aquired a goddamn loli. You jealous? And that's not all, she sees him as an awesome hero or some shit like that. I bet he gets to tap that ass every day because, you know what, SHE'D LET HIM.Without him Inuyasha would be fucking nothing. He got his most powerful technique from Sesshoumaru, because their clairvoyant father knew Inuyasha would be too incompetent for that shit.So then he's without a powerful sword again. Doesn't stop him from kicking ass. But then, a powerful minion of Naraku comes. What does he fucking do? He regains his arm and a new sword that is hax powerful JUST LIKE THAT. Even the blacksmith said he surpassed his father with that. That's right, he surpassed the guy known as the Great Dog Demon.Oh yeah what, his loli just died. Seriously died, can't even be revived with his other sword. What does he do. He jumps INTO FUCKING HELL despite knowing there's probably no escape.
6Oh shit, what's that, the GODDAMN KING OF HELL! What does Sesshoumaru do? HE FUCKING KILLS IT. HE KILLS THE KING OF HELL. And then purifies the place and rescues HIS GODDAMN LOLI.Fucking barriers that keep even powerful demons out and turn Inu Yasha into a weakfag human? They don't do SHIT to Sesshoumaru. None of that "holy" shit does ANYTHING to this badass; monk relics, Kagomes arrows, the Shikon jewels, nothing. Normally this shit would kill/purify a demon by touch, but he's just too fucking awesome for it.One time Naraku tried to absorb Sesshoumaru, but failed so hard at it the fail itself failed some more. That's what you get for messing with a REAL demon, Naraku faggot.Remember how Tessaiga slaying 100 demons in one strike was awesome? One of Narakus minions summons over 2000 of them. What does SESSHOU FUCKING MARU do? KIll them all in one strike. Even the minion admits he was OWNED.And then they fight Naraku and he's like "hurr durr if you kill me my poisoned body will rain down on the village" and Sesshoumaru is like, "I don't give a fuck", and slices him in halfAnd if Kagura hadn't died, he probably would have made her his waifu because she sure as hell lusted for his cock. And don't forget the fucking loli.What a fucking manly badass.
66shiiit
66I love this
Inuyasha certainly doesn't offer the same kind of satisfaction that most action-based anime does. There isn't much battle technique, nor much adventures, and the list of story-relevant characters is like, eight, but it still manages to be good....perhaps it's just very cozy, and there are some awesome assholes for villains, and the main characters develop little by little, and the powerups are always fun.Some fans complain about TFA's very fast pacing, but I did not give a fuck. It cured the ills of the sluggish first anime. Every episode leaves you feeling "damn, the story has changed". And that last episode, holy fuck.
6Get off the internet, Jaken. I don't need your praise.
SHUT THE FUCK UP
8Washizu since he wins
7mangareader
Akagi is cuter
I wonder how big washizu's tits would be
4Dem kirakira eyes.7Anon-kun, you pervert!
1Akagi-kun~~
1Oh god I did not need to see that
When you hit chapter 246, you're gonna see some serious shit
So who is going to be genderbent in the upcoming live action series? The policeman, right?
6The whitesuits are now Washizu's harem.
1This is making me very confused
2
This chapter really hit in some parts.The whitesuits really do respect, admire and love Washizu. And Washizu really IS a good boss, at least to people loyal to him. Even moreso since we now know how Washizu built his empire thanks to his own spinoff series.Washizu was a crazy motherfucker but he was a man of principle and great charisma. A pretty cool boss if you swear loyalty to him too.
It's sad they are catching up to japan. 20 or so chapters and I think they will be caught up.
Well, time to go to hell.
6So who is going to be genderbent in the upcoming live action series?WaitHoly shitIs that true?
3Endou became a woman in Kaiji live action movieN will become a girl in the upcoming Death Note live action dramaThem nips will surely genderbend one of the characters in a sausage-fest manga like Akagi
4Akagi is a high school girl actually.
, 
How does she go from this...
4... To this?
rihoko best girl
Yo nigga, dat be official mango?
3New ch
wait what the fuck there's a new chapter up? holy shit it's been over a year; i lost hope
1full somersaultasians are athletic like that
1Artist sure drew them big.
4
4I've read a couple of these, and I definitely recognize this artist but I forget their name.Are all of these drawn by hentai artists?
Accidentally clicked google reverse image search on OP's pic"The image is too big, or the network connection is too slow to download it."Holy shit, my sides.
3Hahaha, nice one man.
3AccidentallySure, anon.
3
3accidentally
3accidentally
3ACCIDENTALLY
, 
What does these faces trying to convey?
Sexual Desire
it was all me, austin
I'm mad that I allowed myself to get spoiled, but with the pace of releases I couldn't stop myself. All I want is for his based mother to be saved and be alive, and hopefully he hasn't forgotten Airi and she hasn't forgotten him.
6does these facesLearn english, faggot.
5Was that really a surprise for you?The teacher had it written all over his face the moment he was introduced.
This manga is one of the fucking reasons I avoid picking series that hadn't already ended.Because when I get into it, because it's really good, I find out chapters are being released whenever planets align. God fucking damnit.
4This.Whenever a new chapter is released, i need to re-read the entire manga because i've already forgotten names and important events.
6Is that from the guy with the piss fetish?
2This and Spirit Circle are getting put in my backlog until they end. I simply have no patience when it comes to good stuff.
0No, I wasn't surprised by that. I was talking about spoilers anon posted regarding untranslated chapters.
6I knew it!
5What?
25Sanbe Kei
Can someone spoil me with infos from the raws? Has it already ended?
0Why MC's mother is pissing on sensei?
, 
Did /a/ like Isshukan Friends?
9Yes, it was cute.
Yes.
2Not much more you can say about it really.
I dropped after the first 9 episodes because of how repetitive it was.hey we're best friends!Girl forgetsMc butthurtRinse wash repeat Art style was cute tho
The purer they are, the harder they: _________
All I remember is that it had a lot of NTR shitposting around it.I didn't watch it though.
Art was niceStill dropped it
9I liked the sleepy-chan x lazy-kun romance.
9It was really cute. Second season when?
9It was nice.
27This pretty much.3No lewds pls
It was okay, but the manga ending was fucking nothing and made me dislike the whole thing in retrospect.Just like every other romance manga.
9Boring as fuck. Main girl was moeshit, main guy was a betamax virgin and the other little girl was autistic.Only good character was MC's best friend who as chill as fuck.
6
5main guybetaOther than when the obligatory melodrama kicked in, he was a lot more alpha than 90% of MCs nowadays.
5Fujimiya and mom's tits that bigI can't fap to this.
NTR Friends
6
6Her design is really erotic though
9It was just fine...
stoner-chan and loner-bro were best friends
9I watched 10 minutes of this garbage in a Roppongi hotel last summer. Some faggot and the fucking moeblob were at a shrine pulling the bell, then one of them started crying. It was so gay. Even with my limited knowledge of Japanese I could understand the cliched and unoriginal conversation taking place between them. I enjoyed the commercials a lot more.
4What a gay post.
4Much of the emotional baggage is lost when you start by watching the end.
8Fujimiya is a cute good girl and is not erotic.
it's cute an heartwarming3please no
enjoyed it but got bored and dropped it
What would you do in his situation? Just give up and forget about her?
4the manga isn't over though....right?
2Rape her before the reset.
8It did.It's fucking nothing end.I can understand an anime original end turning out like that, but the manga doing so is unacceptable.
tfw this will never be a thing again
plays blueMain girl is best girl
There are so many actually interesting interactions in magic, why do they have to blatantly ignore rules?
1plays bad cards like stormtide leviathan and clonebest girl
1Honestly I wouldn't mind an anime about the lore, i think it would work better than people playing cards.weatherlight saga animekirito as gerrard
8Medaka pls
We already have something better.
0is that from the bonnouji guy
1The Bonnouji "guy" is a woman. And, yes.
0WeatherlightGod damn you old guys have shit taste in lore.
00implying post-lorwyn stories are better0what is with 11 women and card games, even mari okada plays mtg
0Next chapter in two days or so, right?
1stormtide leviathanWhat's wrong with those cards?I run them in my damia edh
5Assuming the translator is true to their word.
Please tell me there are still people who runs white aggro.Please tell me there's a character like that in this manga.
3white has always been weenie aggro coloursexcept student council president runs UW control
3BW warrior aggro is a thing in standard at the moment. Some splashing red for goblin tokens.
Toei ruines everything.1.dragonball2.onepieceCHEAP ANIMATION!!!!!!!!.Thank god they didnt adapted HUNTERXHUNTER
4They make Precure so that makes them the best studio.
4Toei was fine pre-2007 or so, Enies Lobby/Water 7 is arguably one of the better shounen anime adaptions. It wasn't until they started outsourcing like crazy that they really went to shit.
Putting out an episode every week, all year with no breaks is probably pretty difficultThey do a decent job for what they have to do
7outsourcing like crazyIs it time for another Devil's Legacy thread?
4Better add sailormoon Crystal in there
7Never watched dragonball,slam dunk???!?!
4this year they will ruin Digimonon Toei we trust
4and world trigger.
0One of the better not the best.
happiness charge precurethe 10th anniversary of this magical girl anime for little girls is about NTRsaint seiya omegaforget the spics' favorite shounen ever, it's rule 63 precuresailor moon crystalugliest shoujo the world has ever seenseriously, stay the fuck out of TOEI, /a/, for your own good. pray they never touch your favorite franchise again.
3Yeah that was my point.Also the joke they made called DRAGONBALL kai. Only difference between KAI and Z was opening and ending theme.they jst deleted the filler and crap that they themselves inserted in Z.Imo the main goal of TOEI is just to grab cash.they jst dont care bout anything.
4Go back to bed or else I'll tell your mom where you've been dude
Which do you prefer?The Federation or Zeon?
9Federation or Zeonposts ZaftNoneSpace pirate4lyfeLong live the crossbone Vanguard!!
The one with Titans
TITANS STRONK! They beat Zeon and the Federation to bring peace ad prosperity to both Earth and Space.
Napple x Pine
9being on the Zeke sideeverEnjoy your gassing, executions, and having your home senselessly thrown at Earth for the sake of "independence". I'll be over here with Londo Bell watching the White Devil wreck your shits.
Crossbone Vanguard is the only answer!
9ZAFT
9Zeon.
91
Federation:"Gundams are great, but Mobile Armors are pretty awesome too."Why Not Both Girl:"Why not both?"And the Federation wins.
Zeon minus that Zabi family.
Is this even a question?
9But Dozle is cool.
not going lone wolf with your gundamfu killing those gay armies
1Wing GundamTwo Buster RiflesShitty fanart.
Feddies until the titans take over
9Season 4 when? It's been almost 6 years since S3+OVA2 and more than 3 years since OVA3
9Feddies have cooler uniforms and GMs. I think the choice is obvious.
2I enjoyed the show but it was getting pretty stale by the end of S3. I think it's fine to let it end there before it ran itself into the ground.
Feddies. I really hope that ten thousand years from now, Earth is still the center of human civilization, with the planet itself commanding near-religious devotion.
4Part of me says the ending is too wild to let it go unanimated, but another part things noobs might think it's just a ripoff of Madoka.What day are we supposed to laugh again?
ATTENTION MEN OF THE EARTH SPHEREYOUR LEADER HAMAN-SAMA HAS ENTERED THE ROOMYOUR SOULS WILL BE FREED FROM GRAVITY AND YOU WILL BE GRANTED A LOLI NEWTYPE WAIFUBUT ONLY IF YOU RESPOND TO THIS POST SAYING "THANK YOU, HAMAN-SAMA"
3Pine X Napple for life!
4I just want to see the ending of the manga animated. Also a new season now after 6 years wouldn't be stale, like it would have been 5 or 4 years ago
9Zeon has so many best girls but Feddies have Mackenzie, Sayla and Matilda.Fuck, decisions, decisions.
7THANK YOU, HAMAN-SAMA
0that's the Wing Zero TV ver. It is a fanart but
7THANK YOU, HAMAN-SAMA
9AEUG are the best.
Reminder that Char was the hero the universe needed and if he had removed Earth from the equation humanity as a whole would've prospered and future wars would've been avoided.
2Reminder that Char was fucking autistic and that killing everyone on Earth would just lay groundwork for grudges and future conflict.
2I'm currently watching Zeta at the moment and it seems pretty crazy how Char would go that far. Is there a proper reason or is it just forced?
0Everyone at the colonies adored him. Literally adored him and were so united in their conspiracy of silence that it allowed him to rise with a new Zeon at his back. If the corrupt selfish Earth was put out of its misery then mankind could finally move on from petty wars of clay and advance to their true destiny among the stars. Char was the chosen one that could've united a new humanity towards a brighter future.
6After seeing the atrocities committed by the TitansEarth Federation such as colony dropping and nuking colonies, Char loses faith in the people who govern Earth and decides that humanity would be better off migrating to space and becoming Newtypes. Since newtypes can 'understand' each other, there would be less conflict. 5Char was a whiny faggot who couldn't get over the death of his underage brown waifu. Amuro was right to put him down.
6Char's Counterattack isn't canon, anon. The movie is a mess for Char, speaking characterization wise.
SIEG ZEON
6ZZ shows us that the colonies were aching to shake off the shackles placed on them by the feddie fucking shits, but they were used and abused by usurpers like Haman and Glemy and their idealogy was twisted by their selfishness. In their distress and groaning they cried out for a savior and Char nobly stepped up and answered. Char took on the holy duty of a protector to the future of mankind not out of a desire for power, but out of a desire to serve. Char was fighting for their prayers.
0anon can't tell the difference between Wing and Zerodespite the name being right thereWhat, did you think the giant verniers on the wings were aesthetic choices too?
9That's even Zeon you retarded Seed piece of shit.
6CCA is far closer to Char in MSG. It's Zeta that is out of line, they just pandered to the fans that ignored his petty irrational crimes and just saw a cool soldier.
6What? Char defeated the Zabis but he still didn't support the titans' way of doing things, hence joining the AEUG. And he still had his ideals. Did you forget his speech at Dakar?
9What was the context for this?
9But the Zabi family are kind people force by circumstances to do horrible thing.1What's the different between Mobile Armors and Mobile Suits? Are Mobile Armors just larger?
1This nigga gets it.
7supporter of an illegal and oppressive government that treats Earth as a domain for the rich and Spacenoids as slavesYou're the same assholes Harlock kicked the shit out of.
4It's just normal Lunamaria cosplay.
9Sieg Venus!
9picking the federation
7ありがとう、はまんさま!
9Most earth people seem poor as fuck. Yet we see many spacenoids being led by rich guys with mansions on a colony.Sure is oppressive.
0Suits=humanoid mechas.Armor=everything else.
2I'm hoping Shaft is just holding off the final season to next year as a joke.
7Fuck off hag
5But Psyco Gundam and a few other are humanoid aswell and they're called Mobile Armors. Or does it not count if they can transform into other forms?
0Look at this little faggot thinking he's something. You died a virgin, bitch. You were betrayed by your love. You're a nobody. Do you know how much newtype pussy I've gotten over the years? It's called charisma, something you'll never have. You were never fit to and never could have been fit to lead spacenoids to their bright future.
9I think the term armour is used for xxl size as well. But generally speaking, as long as it's got a humanoid mecha form, it's a "Mobile Suit". If it can transform into a non-humanoid mecha form, that form is a "Mobile Armour". Beyond those basic guidelines, I think it's up to the different factions how they want to classify it.
6He really desperately wanted to change things in a more productive, even-handed manner. Haman fucked everything up by bringing the Axis fleet back to the earth sphere. The Federation elite dug themselves in even deeper and the spacenoids were once again becoming radicalized. He had no choice but to become Char once again and coordinate one final gambit to achieve his dream.
0The Earth elite became the moon elite instead. By the time of Victory everyone on earth was poor as fuck.
This is only the first volume, but he's not that bad for some weird rich rapist guy.
actually never mind he is kind of shit
19Well I'm glad you were able to realise that the rapist isn't that great of a person.
0He's the only character aside from the MC who has any amount of lifeBut I wasn't expecting the forefather to the creepy rapist dudes of shoujo to be this much of a creepy rapist dude when he's not being an idiot, you know
6What, did you think that as the prototype he wouldn't have perfected the craft of raping
6He's just a little idiot in addition to being a dangalang man and those of his lineage do not get to be little idiots. They're more brooding types like Rui
1I can't tell if those are magnolia pods or sperm.
1I've actually only watched the Korean version of this because my sister forced me to watch with her but is the plot still sorta the same?Did the chick still end up with the worst guy? His character development went form Rapist asshole to Full tsun. The other dude should've won.
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Leo won't see this betrayal coming.
3He won't see it coming.He won't see it coming.'TIL IT STRIIIIIIIIIKES
Full scanned version when?
Damn, these BD extras are sexy.
3***,*28位/***,*28位 ★ **6,435 pt [*,288予約] 2015/06/17 【Amazon.co.jp限定】血界戦線　第1巻初回生産限定版（イベント優先販売申込券付き）（早期予約特典＋オリジナル全巻収納BOX付き） [Blu-ray]Can definitely see where all the sales are coming from.
So.Who watched the dub?
4It's pretty good.
3page booklet with designs2 page comic by NightowDamn, I wonder if they'll still release some kind of art book if this stuff is all here. I could afford an artbook, but not blu rays.
5I really liked Abrams voice, they nailed him well. I expected Patrick's voice to be a bit rougher but no real complaints.
Rewatched episode 9 with Vivid's subs and thought Despair King was less cryptic which improved how I thought about the episode.
3Leo won't see this betrayalLeo won't seewon't seecause he's got no eyes no moreDamnit OP
5So was it really Funi's fault then?
9 episodes into the series, we hardly know a thing about King of Despair's abilities or his plan except that it'll bring about a new collapse, involves Leo's eyes and he's manipulating White. Does Libra even know he exists?
2Well, Funi's only slightly worse at getting the point across that Femt is hassling Despair about his lack of planning, Despair wondering if there's any point to what he's doing and the set up for his plan. It's still pretty intentionally vague. But Vivid's a lot clearer in the scene where Aligula gives him the device.
8Goddamn her voice is pure sex, could listen to it all day.
8seeing anime characters walk on the broadwalk on coney island where i worked made me nostalgia hard! props to nightow for getting the detail down pat, hell those resting tents are exactly in the right place
7I don't think Coney Island's been in the manga. Anyway, this part is anime original.I have heard that NYC is nicely captured in the manga as well though.
These are probably too minor to include in the main chapter dumps but I went back and changed some of the sound effects that were translated to replicate the ones that looked written by hand in the spoiler pics I had.
3This one also has a very minor edit to the dialogue.
9
6
3
6
9
6This guy sure coughs a lot.
2I don't actually have the raws for this one, I'm just assuming it was hand-written.That's it.
How does this make you feel?
4Powerful
4
Kekkai cover to promote the light novel. Is that a new glove design? I never noticed small crosses on the fingers.
3Leo wont be fooled by White, but Despair may intervene. Either way Leo's god eyes will be compromised in some way and the betrayal will happen.
3and lots of zetsubou
Yes........
So, dubfags, who's excited for next week?
I'm curious about this place Leo has to travel to reach her. It's not any setting we've seen so far, but it's likely part of the Beyond.What is she doing there anyway? Is she involved in another part of Despair's plan or is part of his deal with Black is that no harm can come to her, so she's been moved to safety.
0My first impression was that it was the underworld/afterlife and it was like an Orpheus and Eurydice situation. But it's more likely part of the Beyond.
8The climax does take place on Halloween so the underworld/afterlife might not be far off.
White's final form
6Underbite fetishists?
5I'm too lazy to check the early volumes but I definitely remember it in some of the later ones.
Is anyone humouring the idea that White asks Leo for Libra's help after losing her nerve about stealing his eyes?She must know Leo's a part of Libra unless Despair has left her completely left in the dark about that. Then again, she might not be willing to gamble with her brother's life and pissing off the bodyjacker.
55I was blind.
Why is the ED so addicting?
1the ED single is #1 on Billboard Japan top 100 right now.
11I don't even like it that much. The OP is way better IMO.
1it actually is, it really is a fun song
The Kinokuniya at Bryant Park has all 7 volumes.
1It's high octane fun, both the catchy song and dance.mfw first time seeing it
what's up with scarfacehas any part of his backstory been revealed in the manga yet?
2It's going to be some mood whiplash for these upcoming episodes. Then again how much more whiplash could it be after ep 9.White cryingBlack crying black tears while the music startsdance party
2Nope.
Is there a group doing the manga? All I've seen are the 3 chapters posted on Batoto 3 years ago and the scans above in this thread.
7In short, no. An anon scanned and shared their vols 1-3. Otherwise the series has been licensed by darkhorse for years before it was ever popular so no group has bothered. Anons are working on vol 10 only because something major happens in it and we all want to know about it.
Jump Issue #28Toriko Cover, Lead Color Page, 7th Anniversary [Has it been 7 years? Holy shit]Assassination ClassroomOne PieceShokugeki no Souma Color PageBoku no Hero AcademiaSesuji wo Pin! toBlack Clover Color PageDevilyman 23 pagesNaruto GaidenWarai no Kamigami by Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro One Shot, Color PageHaikyuu!!Lady JusticeNisekoi Color PageHinomaru ZumouPSI Kusuo SaikiOnsengai no Medusa Special Chapter from Jump PlusGintamaKochikameKagamigamiBleachUltra Battle SatelliteIsobe Isobee MonogatariAbsent: World Trigger
6BleachCome on man get out together
6Gintama that lowEven nips don't like the Sensei twist, get your shit together Gorilla
UBS in lastIn retrospect, it needed a little more to get off. Brutal fighting is kind of a mediocre hook. That said, still pissed about how high Black Clover is. I understand that WSJ loves generic shonen shit, but we have limits to how many cliches we can have in one story.
Ultra Battle Satellite
6Is Black Clover still cliche as fuck?
9YesAt this point everybody wants it to die
1Kodansha plsyou are alot worse, Be lucky I like you alittle because you brought back Kokuzawa
9The entire last chapter could literally be summed up as "muh friends give me power, muh friends"Like this one guy has been acting like a depressed fuck this entire time because dead parents and then one page of MC "you're muh friend" and he's suddenly totally okay and over it. It's honestly laughable
9It gotta kida interesting when the current arc started buuuuttt then it went back to shit
6next edition the cover will be PSIwhy? anime, maybe?
6Sesuji wo Pin! not at the bottom.Thank god. But it's Jump so I'm not holding my breath.
6Hero Academia higher than Black CloverAll is good
8The rankings are for 8 weeks ago.
4BC is not ranked color pages are not ranked
7If they cancel it, I lose all hope in jump
6THE REAL RANKING1 Assassination Classroom2 One Piece3 Boku no Hero Academia4 Haikyuu!!5 Hinomaru Zumou6 PSI Kusuo Saiki7 Gintama8 Kagamigami9 Bleach10 Ultra Battle SatelliteONESHOTS, NEW SERIES UNTIL THEIR 8TH CHAPTERS AND COLOR PAGES ARE NEUTRALGAIDEN IS A SHORT SERIESKOCHIKAME AND ISOBE ARE FIXED SERIES
7It's not even ranked, it haven't been 8 week yet.
4Bleach suffers the HxH syndrome,Ranks like shit but sells.
8With the pauses, I think HxH is not even ranked.That's why the magazine places it in the middle.
8That was years ago. Years.OP, Haikyu, Kuroko's Basketball, Naruto, AssClass and Nisekoi all outsold it in 2014.
9So 6 out of 20 series outsold Bleach? seems a pretty good spot to me
8HxH sells double that of Bleach and is constantly on hiatus
3500 k is pretty good though, I'm not comparing their sales, I'm just saying that both rank like shit but get good sales anyway.
1It's still selling well in the grand scheme of things.overall ain't bad. It's hard to say someone isn't a success when they're selling 3 million volumes annually at $10+ each.That said, while he's been scraping the bottom of the Jump rankings since 2010 or so, then his sales were in 5th place with 5.2 million.
8Maybe kubo will finally end his career as a mangaka with bleach
98Park Ranger?
1Goddamn Pork has forever tainted Orihime pics.
Honestly, what's keeping Black Clover alive at this point? Apparently the japs don't even like it and call it a blatant ripoff
0the japs don't even like itThose are the people who hang around 2ch.If the kids like it, then what else can we say?
4Unfortunately, it seems as though Black-shit clover is popular amongst those stupid japanese teenagers,ranked first last time I think. I don't fucking get it at all.
0Black Clover has a lot of wasted potential. What bothers me most is the pacing. It's fucking abysmal.
0Don't worry,when Black clover start being ranked, it will die
8You're average volume of a Shounen Jump manga sells for somewhere between $4-$4.40 in Japan. It's only overseas where there are licensing, translations, and other localization costs, that the price spikes up to around $10 a volume. Still not bad, I'm sure there are plenty of mangaka who would cheerfully kill someone to be the 18th best selling manga in Japan. But it's not as good as you're making it sound.
6I call bullshit, no way black clover or toriko are that high
5Color pages son. Not ranked
5Yeah, looks like recent Bleach is selling at ￥432 on Amazon. Currently at 0.8 cents USian, so that's $10,368,000 in annual revenue. Even if Kubo only gets 10% of this, he's still doing pretty well for himself.Despite a major drop in stature over the last 10 years.
3And then there's all the other royalties from the 1000+ merchandise floating around. Yeah, I'm pretty sure he's living comfortably enough.
0Comfortable, figuratively speaking, in the financial sense. The hours Jump makes you work are pretty extreme, even if you stop drawing all your backgrounds.oddly enough, we've had more scenery art in the last two chapters as we've had in the last 20 volumes.
1Well yeah, but it's a really big pay off for all the hardwork he had to ensure. Better than the unlucky sods who worked hard and still get shit pay. It's not just manga, it applies to other professions too.
8Japan as a whole has a big problem with their corporate culture. They do have overtime laws, but you wouldn't know it. Anyone who leaves after 8 hours isn't a team player.
Why the hell won't Asta stop yelling? At first I thought he was just A white-haired Naruto, but he actually yells more than Naruto. Entire chapters go by where there is not a single panel including Asta where he is not yelling. I can't believe Black Clover is becoming a hit. I feel like I'm reading the same story that I've read 100 times already.
0It just started.
75me too.I really like it so far.But I'm partial to sportshit.This one look better than Hakyuu or Kuruko, that are both mediocre at best.
Confessions thread I though Ohtsuki Kenji was Kamiya Hiroshi's stage name in his band.  I thought Highschool DxD was the next season of High School of the Dead. 
I think the MC from Humanity has Declined is the only bearable female main character in the past 7 years.
I like Alien vs Predator.
I browse /a/ more than I watch anime nowadays
3There was a time in middle school when I thought Berserk and Monster were the pinnacle of manga and that nothing else would ever be worth my time.
4Don't use English name for shows please, or do it at Reddit
9That isn't werid at all, I keep /a/ open 24/7 and check every thread, while only watching around 5 episodes daily.
8Fine, Jinrui, Jintai, whatever.
3I'll usually go through the first 2-3 episodes of shows I intend to watch for a season and then never touch them again telling myself I'll watch them some other time.
I like Zero more than any other FKMT including Kaiji or Ten.I like the clue hunt more than the gambling theme park.
Except a few jokes, I found Cromartie High School extremly boring back then.
6Back then?
I think Monster isn't overrated shit.
910 years ago
8I keep all the airing stuff on my desktop, and only put episodes neatly in their folder when I've actually seen them. That way I have to see those ugly video icons all over if I get behind, and that usually helps me keep up.Though I'm also not autistic about finishing everything, so I just start every show and drop them if I don't care to watch the next episodes.
I started to play guitar because of k-onNow I'm thinking of buying a trumpetI'm good at guitar, worth the money and time
I like Mermaid Melody Pitchi Pitchi Pitch and it's sequel.I still listen to the songs even now.
I watch hentai almost daily but I never fap to it.
I thought the Naruto anime was made by Toei for years.
0I don't really know the names of any studios, directors, or VAsI can name a lot of hentai artists though
I had an unhealthy obsession with Lucy when I was 17. I think I creeped out some of my friends with that. I still have some of the stupid forum signatures of her I made.
5So who is your waifu now?
Petra's death in AoT messed me up real bad. I actually fell into depression for a few days. Even wrote a fanfic about her which I never showed anyone.
Is this the blogging thread? Thank God, I need to share my trials and tribulations with the good folks on /a/.938I hardly even watch anime anymore. I've grown so picky about what I watch that I spend more time researching what shows to backlog, which industry talents to look out for etc. than actually watching stuff. Once a title is in the backlog, my interest evaporates.
I didn't like Punpun.
7Me neither.
I was a furry back in my preteen days, mostly for Pokemon. I started converting in my early teens when I got more into anime girls.I can only get it up to humans and human-like characters now and I still don't know what the fuck was wrong with me back then.
9female, evacuate the board.
I unironically look forward to reading Bleach every week.
6researchingWhy on earth would you do that?I just randomly start shows because I see a cute girl I like on the folder icon, and it's been working out pretty good so far.
I hated Kare Kano because the direction after Anno left was absolute shit and it didn't have an ending. Also, the manga is shit.I also hate Lovely Complex but I can't figure out why.
2same
7He didn't leave3I dare you to show your 3x3.
All the fate/stay night franchise is a boring horse shit.
33x3Those are some of the worst threads on /a/, why the fuck would I have one?Also while I have done that I was mostly making a joke, I just blindly start everything every season and slowly watch whatever older stuff when I'm caught up on the season.Deciding if you want to watch something by watching episode 1 seems far more accurate and enjoyable then checking staff and shit.
Kill la Kill brought me back to watching anime.
I liked nisekoi season one
Index is my favourite series.
1I like season 2, chitoge is in real love and honodera's little sister is cute
I liked/still like the Rebuild of Evangelion....especially the second and third movie
I never watched anything Evangelion related.There, I said it.
83I always use the English title when it exists.
I haven't seen or read anything related to Fate or even Type-Moon other than KnK.
I haven't finished/caught up with the manga/anime mai hasubando is from. T-Togashi? ;_;I'm also behind on Jojo's manga, I'm not an anime-only fag but I'm farther ahead in the anime than the manga actually because I'm terrible at balancing things. I plan to just sit down and read up as far as I can soon though.9Good subs never ;_;I'd be a newbie, but I was thinking I should almost just make my own to improve on them. I'd at least try to find the dvd footage to put the subs onto.
I spend more time on /vg/ than /a/ lately.
I rarely read manga I like Railgun much more than Index
1You're doing good anon
8like what? burakku rokko shuta?
3I thought I needed to watch Katanagatari and Bakemonogatari first to watch Ore Monogatari
/a/ sucks
I created the Madara pasta.
7Silly anon.Though you do need to watch TSF Monogatari before Bakemonogatari.
I pay less attention when characters have poor taste in fashion I browse /fa/ the most so I have shit taste
0Eh, I guess there's some truth to that. Checking staff is a good guideline though, I never try shows I'm not interested in already. I already know which shows up to 2016 that I'll be watching, like that Shishou horror show. It's like I've charted out a map of most past and upcoming shows/movies I want to watch, the history and state of the industry, japanese culture. Anime lost some of its novelty in the process. The ailments of the industry and community are becoming painfully obvious. Shitty animation, cliche's and otaku pandering. I was never too immersed in the mainstream anime culture, but now it's starting to disgust me. Maybe I should find another pastime.9Attack on Titan
I like /v/ more than /a/ because they're not selfish cunts most of the time.
I liked Hyouka.I liked Free.I think "Someday in the Rain" is one of the best anime episodes of all time.I thought Darker than Black was mediocre.I liked Aku no Hana a lot, I thought the plot was thrilling, the ED was great, and I loved the rotoscoping because it almost felt like I was watching a live-action tv show.I think 2nd GIG is better than the first season and the original film.I didn't like Major S5, I found the whole World Baseball Cup slightly uninteresting and stupid.I liked the Rurouni Kenshin OVAs more than the main series, since they were more mature and had better art and animation.I disliked FLCL because it felt like it was trying too hard to be random and I couldn't get myself to care about anything in it.I don't think Nisekoi is bad at all, I find it's purposeful overuse of romance anime cliches to be amusing and a sort of a critique on the genre.I thought White Album 1 was quite interesting to watch, especially the odd directing and the fact that the MC fucked everyone.
8Don't use English name for shows please, or do it at Reddithownew.ru
0Maybe I should find another pastime.I think so too.Is this the kind of thing people mean when they say /v/ doesn't play video games they just bitch about the industry?5You could stay there.
8English names are fine if they're recognisable enough and not unwieldy or otherwise stupid. I'd prefer Yahari or Oregairu over SNAFU and Higurashi over When They Cry, sure, but I don't autistically call out anyone for saying Neon Genesis Evangelion over Shinseiki Evangelion or Revolutionary Girl Utena over Shoujo Kakumei Utena.
3I want to kill myself, but lack the willpower to do so
I liked SAO, especially the first 14 chapters.but I wanted Kirito to be MUCH edgier than he was. even been toying with the idea of writing a fanfic like that. EdgeArtOnline: The FanficI love it when grills draw swords like Anri.
3I'd tell you to go to /jp/ but suicide threads have declined so drastically in recent years that you'd probably be left with just as little desire to live but even less motivation to die.
3I think autistic paranoid antisaucefags are cancer.
2I like Railgun much more than IndexDoesn't everyone?
26I liked the Rurouni Kenshin OVAs more than the main series, since they were more mature and had better art and animation.Extremely common opinions.
0nah, i'll just keep posting about it in blogshit threads every now and then and otherwise continue on with my generic life.
3Even though I was enjoying Shingeki no Kyojin I dropped it because of how insufferable the fanbase was.
5being so weak that you drop a series because of its fanbaseWhy does this happen?
5Bitch, I enjoyed SnK and I never hanged around the fanbase or haters. Let yourself decide what you like.
I browse this board on my phone way more than i do on PC .
I've been buying manga during my Friday lunch breaks at work. I just want hard copies of the stuff I've already read.
3Even though i agree anti sauce is autistic if it werent a thing all threads would be half of the people asking for sauce on every reaction image
I can't watch series with a male MC in.
5The opposite is true for me.
I watch my anime at 1.3x speed.
I watch and read freezing just to see the female MC get tortured alot. I enjoy seeing that alot despite knowing the series is garbage.
6I liked Aku no Hana a lot, I thought the plot was thrilling, the ED was great, and I loved the rotoscoping because it almost felt like I was watching a live-action tv show.Aku no Hana is a masterpiece.And Oshimi Shuzo is a genius
 I think people who use spoilers excessively are fucking retards. 5I cry when I hear Lilium Elfen Lied was one of my first anime, but its the manga that I liked.I think ZnT was an amazing anime. It wasnt perfect but /a/ are retards for thrashing it.I dont keep many reaction pictures cause I keep loosing my hard drive data.I can hardly watch an anime revolving around highschoolers/middleschoolers
9Why would you do this?
K-On is unironically 10/10, and I'm convinced that anime as a medium cannot possibly be better.
5So he can watch anime 1.3x more efficiently
3I haven't watched K-ON yet.I follow one of the big three.I enjoyed the EVA rebuilds.SAO once was THE BEST ANIMU EVARR for me.
8Agree
School Days is the funniest anime I have ever seen. I was laughing the entire time, including during the ending.
5He watches anime to fill out his MAL as fast as possible, and only has limited time between highschool and bedtime.
I got into world of tanks because of GuP I don't know why I didn't earlier I fucking love machines. Romance in my favorite genre after Sci fi
80.3 more efficiently actually. jesus fuck it sure is summer in here.
8its fine to be a weaboo but please
3I think Tomoko should die at the end of WataMote. Badly.
I think /a/ is the best board on 4chan.
0since you havent said which of the three you follow, is it safe to just assume that it is one piece?
4honestly its hard to believe but its not outside the realm of possibility that this is the most civilized board despite being full of retarded assholes
4Yes.
9Shouldn't students who are here just for summer be the ones who know that math?I love watching shitty highschool SoL because I never went to highschool. Hyouka is my favorite anime for the same reason. It looks so fun.4Only if you ignore the really slow boards. But there's a reason why we were that one guy's favorite.
3If I like a show enough I re watch it in english when the dub comes out. Unless the dub is done by Sentai Filmworks, if that happens ill watch the first couple episodes just to let the shit sink in and remind myself that Monica Rial is literally the only person keeping that company from being absolutely annihilated.
Cowboy Bebop is my favorite anime.I didn't watch Cromartie until last year.Nichibros is better than Nichijou.i still enjoy the NGE dub. it's really nostalgic for me. i also like dub Asuka more than sub Asuka.
3I thought Highschool DxD was the next season of High School of the DeadYOU MEAN IT ISN'T? HOLY SHIT
Bokurano is my top favourite manga.
1I thought log horizon was a sequel to Horizon so I didnt watch it
1I know right.
3I watch bleachUntil episode 200Including fillersin Youtube
4in youtubedaaaammmmmnnn
5I watch my anime at 2.5x speed
4Damn son,that's fucking hardcore.I'm impressed,honestly.
I think people who posted "my nigga" on /a/ arent actually niggas
3Manga is a masterpiece The anime sucks
3Of course, ever heard of a nigga owning a nigga?
I drop shows where the mc has an incest relationship. I don't care if it's some irrelevant side character though.
Thank God zero isn't that bad
Rain makes me get depressed and despair all out of a sudden because nearly in every anime, sorrowfull image has acquired while the weather was rainy.
3I used to tell myself I would only watch dubs since I'm a really slow reader and have to pause constantly. I ran out of dubs and got into subs. Now I can't stand most dubs because the voice acting doesn't match up to characters. There are a few I can do dubbed but its lowered a lot. I can't watch anime with other people cause of my constant pausing.. Am I the only one who does this?
0I had to pause nearly every scene while watching monogatari. Now I've a pause habbit. I'm pausing the animes all the time to understand it fully and just because of this i'm bored of animes and i usually read manga.
0I only watch dubs of shows if it's a show I've already seen and enjoyed before a dub is even out.Then I'll usually pick up a BD or DVD when it's released and watch it depending on how good the dub is.
4Anime makes it look much more fun than it really, HS is boring as shit. College though, college is fucking awesome and is generally closer to the kind of life you see in anime, albeit with even more freedom.
0I've only ever paused while watching Gintama with reference notes infested subs and Teekyuu. But I'm really enjoying myself for doing so.
I like manga, but /a/ is a terrible place to discuss older manga and I don't think I'll ever have a meaningful conversation about manga with anyone. At least Golden Rose group looks promising, works on old manga but I haven't read their releases yet.
6For what purpose?
9You're officially retarded
i don't like anime that much because most of they can be shorten if characters had basic communication skills
Hyouka is my favorite anime.I'm a romcom fag.I don't like ecchi. I would still watch an anime with ecchi if it's really good, but I would prefer it if it doesn't have ecchi. I didn't finish some anime because of the ecchi.I liked Tokyo Ghoul Root A.I liked KnK.I liked KLK.I liked more shit anime.I'm actually enjoying Plastic Memories right now.I didn't watch the Monogatari series because of the panty shot on the first episode I watched, and eventually I got fed up of the hype it's getting.I ponder for weeks or months over "depressing" anime endings.I have shit taste.
9Nui is the best girl
9I think ZnT was an amazing anime. It wasnt perfect but /a/ are retards for thrashing it.Season 1 was okSeason 2 was greatSeason 3 was fucking trashSeason 4 was not bad
9seasonnigga it's 11 episodes long
78So he can watch anime 1.3x more efficiently1.3x instead of 1xhe's somehow not watching it at 1.3x the efficiency of the original speed, which is 0.3x MORE than 1x
9ZnTSeasonWhy did /a/ thrash Zankyou? IMO Watanabe pulled it out again. Fucking astounded by it, even though it was a bit cheezy with the 'gifted children' shit, the direction was incredible and I wasn't phased by the corny plot.
9ZnT shit the bed pretty hard with shitty characters like that poodle bitch and the heroine. Also no one dying from the bombs was ridiculous and the ending was trash.
8
1Are you nuts? The ending was like the only good part. Everything else was pretty mediocre.
771He's obviously referring to the better ZnT. That one with both HanaKana and Sawashiro
I stopped watching anime from like 09 until KLK came out and I just happened to catch a glimpse of it on /a/ one day randomly. I thoroughly enjoyed it and it got me back into anime, though I do recognize the flaws with KLK.Also, after all these years I'm sort of just over /a/'s elitism, especially with how easy it is to filter and hide stuff. Faggots do need to keep things to one thread though. I like Rebuild 3.33, it's not as good as 2.22 was, but I still enjoyed it. I still haven't watched Die/Gunbuster and Ergo Proxy because I can't find any torrents that actually seem to have seeds/peers that want to connect and fucking work. I think my favorite anime after all this time catching back up is probably YGO Arc-V, there's just something really fun about it, same with Gundam Build Fighters and BF Try.
When I first watched Hataraku Maou-sama, I thought I mistakenly downloaded the dubbed version and immediately delete it.
977We need to not use the ZnT abbreviation without sufficient context.
Probably huge confession list for me:I fucking hated TTGL. It was fucking corny ass shit "Believe in the me that believes in you!!!! OMGG SO FUCKING NEXT LEVEL MOTIVATION". Dropped the series after 10 eps.I disliked the latter half of Stein's gate and skipped through most of it until the ending. Still think it's an overrated piece of trash.I like Shinkai films. Good art = watchable.I liked school days - genuinely.I haven't watched the original FMA series. I only watched FMA:B out of boredom. I still dont' rate either series.One Piece sucks.NGE original series was responsible for bringing me out of a deep depression and inspired me to change my life. It didn't go the way I thought it would, but for a while it did and that was what I needed at the time.Never liked Railgun/Index series. Watched a total of 1 episode of each - dropped it. Hate that highschool/magical powers mashup. Fucking bullshit because the world wouldn't be like that if people had powers like that - it would be much more like DTB which is an amazing series.My favourite anime right now is Gintama.There's probably more but I can't think of them right now. Watched a shit-tonne of HxH on youtube all of it, etc.
3I spent maybe 3 weeks mistaking Fukuyama Jun and Fukushima Jun for the same person.
I confuse Futari and futanari. ALOT.I watch the One Piece anime instead of reading the manga.
3I thought that Punchline was One-Punch Man animated
9Cont.I still like first half of SAOI like romanceMy favorite anime is YGO GXI sometimes decline party invitations to watch best scenes from Nichi, JoJo or YGO
I tried to save yahari threads by using false flags and baiting mods
4I did that exact same thing years ago except I went to youtube through the Wii internet channel. I got to like 216 before dropping it, now I just read the manga since I have a computer.
0How the fuck can you dislike the second half of Steins;Gate? The entire first 9 episodes is just super slow slice of life stuff to make you feel for the characters once shit hits the fan.Liking school dayshating corny shit like TTGLNGE changing your lifeAh so you're just a fag who had a dark and miserable past during fucking middle school, carry on.
I'm convinced nothing will reach the level of NGEUntil coming to /a/ I didn't even know downloading anime was a thingI once watched an anime without subtitles on YouTube with little to no knowledge of Japanese because I didn't know how else to watch it
3NTR is disgusting but I pretend to like it
Darker Than Black is extremely boring
I like anime
I'm looking forward to for human x myumon doujins of Show by Rock.
3I think SAO haters are worst kind of anons.Shinsekai Yori is shit."Tsukihime anime doesn't exist" meme is fucking old, people need to get over it.Namikawa doesn't really have a notable range, you just can't differentiate voices well.Jitsuwata is ugly.
I watched Endless Eight in 2x speed
2Until coming to /a/ I didn't even know downloading anime was a thingUnderage b&
I like Index much more than Railgun.
Nichibros is waaay better than Nichijou.I can't watch anything that was animated by KyoAni and has a female protagonist.If someone describes a SoL anime with the word "comfy" it's shit.The mid-late 80's/early 90's were the best era for anime.Both yaoi and yuri are cancer, the true pure love is the hetero relationship.
1Endless Four.
9Now that's alpha.
I throw up a little whenever I see an anime with an all-female or close to cast, unless it's a non-fanservicey magical girl series.I'm getting sick of anime girls.
0You will be filled with regret.2Same because I like hentai dubs. They are amazingly bad, look up sextra credit.6Watch nothing new and pick up whatever you find then.9Shiggy
I am a leader in an anime club.I only read manga and browse Niconico, and despite having a decent grasp on Japanese, I have only seen ~20 shows, the last in 2011. If I don't know what a show is, I just look it up on Wikipedia or TVTropes. This has yet to fail me, even when arguing on /a/.
00be watching SZS +ZSZS + GSZS + ZanSZS subbedhalf the background text/flash screen text isn't translatedthe half that is subbed flashes by at impossible speedI mean like 50+ words goes in less than 1/6 of a secondsometimes the sub text lags out the pause function keeping me from stopping the videoI'm so close to being done, now if only someone would seed SZSB I would be happy and sad to finally be done with it all
9Same honestly, I barely watched anything for probably 10 years.
2I once watched an anime without subtitles on YouTube with little to no knowledge of Japanese because I didn't know how else to watch itNow that is being a weeaboo. Unless it had good fanservice.
3i have never read any mango nor do i intendi have never played a japanese gamei have never watched/ read any LN, VNi only started to watch anime this januaryi marathon all the showsi disliked black lagoon and have to force myself to watch the last 2 episodesi like to read spoilers, knowing what's coming enxt makes me feel in controlli always tought animefags were the worse loosers, on the same level with mlp but then i realized i'm a bigger loser myself
I can't believe that I'm still watching Yu-Gi-Oh and Japanese toy commercials in my twenties.
6I've never seen what people like about hyouka. I watched it twice because the first time I thought I missed something by how boring it was.4Yeah pretty much. Touman has more personality there then in the series he's the main character of.91.3x3x Do you have a red mobile suit by chance?
Haruhi and fate zero are my favourite anime oh and I still play yugioh
4i also never understood what the "take responsability" mene was about
Kill la Kill is my favorite action anime.Trigger is by far my favorite studio.I never finished TTGL
3I actually think that  Boku No Pico  is a masterpiece. Its so good, what's not to love?
6Nichibros was szs tier. You have good taste.4I did the sane when first watching anime. But unlike you I was doing it on the fucking Wii internet because I had no other way. Also how I found manga and railgun.
7Probably a bait post, but wow...
I enjoy Nisekoi
I think OreMono is fucking awful.
I'm enjoying The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan.
3watching anime on YouTube through the wiiAre you me. How many people did this Jesus.Also I might as well confess I for year miss took wing for g gundam. One I thought I saw as a kid the other I actually did see as a kid and liked. G gundam is best.
1I'm enjoy the show as well, and it's nice because Yuki has less screen time than Haruhi and kyon.
3I liked the tsukihime anime dub and gunparade march's dub and keep watching them for some reason. I have no idea why but my friends think I'm weird for rewatching the two so much.
For about two years Ive been only watching airing shows, no backlog whatsoever anymore.Since I bought Vita last november I spend more time on vitagen than here
9Watch older stuff then.
Free is unironically one of my favorite series and I'm not even a girl.
3I don't enjoy manga cause it's to much reading and I get bored easily even if it has good art, I think all anime are shit even the ones I like, and they're fanbase, I also can't complete a entire season because I just stop watching and don't feel like continuingbut if it's shonen shit I might complete it and if it's a harem/ecchi/idol/VN or some shit like that I only look up the porn and don't watch or care about the source material
4I know this feel. I ended going to the manga though.
0watching Jpn toy commercialsHey if it works for /m/ it can work for you.
3I thought Highschool DxD was about a highschool card gambling club with hot ladies thanks to first seeing the ED.I was extremely disappointed
I think Stone Ocean is the worst JoJo part
I really only come here for 3x3 threads
Kyoani fans are quite possibly the most cancerous faggots on /a/
6Holy fucking shit. Quints never lie, so this must be true!
5but /a/nonsatan's quints
Complaining about summer is 10x worse than any drop in post quality that might exist
Savers and Frontier are my favorite Digimon series.
Konata / Kagami is the only pairing I have any emotions for.
4My colored skin friend, you have good taste.
Pre-2000 anime is betterMoot is a faggot
0For about two years Ive been only watching airing showsAlmost the same here. I just can't dedicate myself to watching multiple episodes of something in a single week any more. I have knocked a few things off the backlog in that span of time, but it's scraps compared to what I used to do.I also have noticed over those few years that I always seem to lose interest in anime around this time of year. Last Spring I dropped most of what I was watching near the end for no real reason and didn't even watch anything in the Summer season.
6Fmp s2 was great and gates was fantastic. fuck you Satan.
SnK and JoJo were the first shows I watched as they were coming out.I had no idea what JoJo was. I just started watching it when my friend described Santana 「Eating」 Joseph's hand. The way he described it made it sound like a DBZ parody. When I started watching it I was unimpressed with the fact that Dio turned into a vampire, until I wiki'd the series and found out its ~35 years old.I had seen some screenshots of the manga, which clearly took place in present time, so I wondered how Jonathan was going to keep fighting Dio. Was he going to turn himself into a vampire? Does Hamon grant an extended life? To my surprise Jonathan dies and it's his descendants that keep on fighting. This is around the time that Erin「Died」in SnK. At this point I thought to myself, "Is this something the Japs like doing? Make you care about the main character then kill them off? Damn this shit is good." And then to my disappointment Erin was a giga goblin.
I haven't read any LN/VNI only watch 2-4 shows per seasonI watched 12 episodes of lucky star before I figured out that I didn't like itI prefer dubs if they're goodI frequented /v/ before going to /a/
I think F/SN and Raildex are just shounenshit for people too hipster for the big three.
2Is raildex even popular outside of /a/?
3I use to use anime as my fap material before I had the internet when I was a kid. I'd use doom metropolis, devilman, crying freeman and anything with a snippet of boobs or nudity and fap to it hard.The one I remember the fondest is in the Golgo 13 movie when Snake rapes that guy's widow twice.
3I think you don't belong here
I thought log horizon was the poor mans sao so I didn't watch it until 2 months ago.I didn't like sao
9The LN sell well and the anime sold like 20k+
Last summer I binge watched an upwards of 100 different anime.
9yes
I cried like a bitch while playing Kara No Shoujo.I also watch High School DxD for the plot. Seriously. I couldn't understand half the jokes in Nichijou but laughed anyways.I cant stand Attack on Titan.
72I know the Nips like it, but I didn't know if the casual foreign audience like leddit or MAL like it since I don't browse any other site.I know Fate is huge amongst the casual watchers, so I at least agree with that.
6I think "Someday in the Rain" is one of the best anime episodes of all time.My nigga
I absolutely fucking hate the AzuDai anime
8but I didn't know if the casual foreign audience like leddit or MAL like it since I don't browse any other site.I doubt their taste is that different from /a/'s.Because /a/ is casual as fuck
I have read less than 10 manga, and the only manga I follow as they're published are edgefests Akame ga Kill, Shingeki no Kyojin, Bryndhildr in the Darkness
3The ending of SAO season 2 made me cry.Im a combat medic ive had people die on me and ive never cried.Kill me
0Baka?
I hate Hyouka with passion and think that its fans are deluded faggots.
6Kara No ShoujoI personally thought it was. Also, how the fuck do you cry from a hentai?High School DxDPlotYeah sure, there was a lot of plot in there.Not understanding Nichijou jokesWhat kind of high level autism is this?Not liking SnKOkay, I can live that.
9Have you considered that you're the one that's a deluded faggot?
8I don't read manga at all, ever. In a broader sense, I just don't care for comics and never have, though I used to force myself to read manga when I was younger.
SAO has best love story ever. So straight and without all this bullshit which usually happends in anime
European posters are worse than Australian
3I think the second half of Death Note is severely underrated and simply gets a bad rap for how the anime butchered it
9You're going to like Ore Monogatari, then. Because that's 26 episodes of pure love. Accel World'd romance also develops in the same manner as SAO's the author has a knack for main girls
9Holy shit Literally! The level of fucking autism from this reply is through the fucking roof. Godamnit /a/non, get out! How many fucking anime have you watched? Motherfucking 3?
I think Ghost Hound, Texhnolyze, Uchouten Kazoku and Natsume Yuujinchou are the only 10/10 shows.Hyouka was good.Haruhi no kokuhaku was the first piano piece I've ever learned.Monogatari is pure shit and I watched first season only for Kanbaru.Tomboys are always the best girls.Mirai Nikki was unbearably bad.I never drop anything.
3Gundam seed destiny,Valvrave and Guilty crown were my favorite mecha series before coming to 4chan
3Welcome to 4chan, newbie.
9Ore Monogatarithat's 26 episodesWait, OreMono is going to be 2 cour? Holy shit dropped.
I prefer Visual Novels to anime.
6This past month I have posted almost 20 times "Kill yourself" what I usually post.
2This much shit taste and autism.WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS ANON!? EXPLAIN THIS BULLSHIT!
6I thought White Album 1 was quite interesting to watch, especially the odd directing and the fact that the MC fucked everyone.Iku. Ima.
I keep saving pictures MaiOlev posts of his waifu without permission. I'm not sorry.
3Kill yourself3Literally!!Kill yourself again newfag
0You should totally join Orchestr/a/.
4take responsabilitythats a new drug or what?
I fucking hate Aureus and his blogging shit.
4makes me feel in controllOf what?
4Kill yourselfKill yourself againNewfagMy sincere apologies, ma'am. I'm terribly sorry for my actions. Have a good day, ma'am.
My favorite part of an anime is when everything goes fucksideways and nothing makes sense anymore.
I like mirai nikki more than I should have, I also don't hate darker than black season 2, kitchen princess was the first manga I read every finished, my first anime was sailor moon and dragon Ball but I wanted to be a sailor scout when I grow up
6I also don't hate darker than black season 2my negro
3I think Yura is one of the best female protagonists in anime history.
I fucking hate mecha clusterfucks and everyone who says "but the threads are fun"Code Geass threads in 2008 were probably cancerous too
6what do you think are good examples of that?
4my negro
9Goddammit, 8man.
i fucking love trainwrecks
5No, silly, it's a mene
I first watched naruto, didn't know what anime was, heard about one piece, shunned it for naruto, then found out about manga, shunned all anime for manga and only read naruto one piece and bleach. Thank god I expanded what I watched and read.
2not him but I'm guessing things like Shuu becoming Hitler in guilty crown,The second half of Valvrave,etc
6not reading mangawatching some shitty adaptation that's only good with an english dub
I've never seen anything made before the year 2000.I buy animu on DVD's.Tamako love story, while visually appealing, is shit, and Mochizou is a fag.I've seen HOTD 5 times and plan to watch it again soon.I can't watch shows while they are airing, marathons only.Yuri is and always has been cancer.I self insert in every show I watch.
my favorite anime and mango are all written by women.
I stream anime and couldn't care less about what anyone on /a/ thinks about it.
4I've never seen anything made before the year 2000.Nigga that's terribleYou can still be saved
1I stream when finding every episode is a chore or long series like Yu-Gi-Oh
0I've been thinking about getting a trumpet because I pretty recently got into jazz and I got into jazz because of Kids on the Slope and Cowboy Bebop
4I buy animu on DVD's.You should switch to BD's.
2Samurai FlamencoThe last 3 arcs are just pure ride
5Same hereaoki umemidorikawa yukiumino chika
I barely watch anime and have only watched around four series and a couple of movies but I am still here because you guys are fun to hang around
I like mekaku city actors
9liking Mirai NikkiFigured that much about how you typed. Care to mention shows you like?
I think flcl is the most overrated shit ever. Just because it has coming of age themes doesn't make it deep or entertaining. I didn't find it that humorous either. I watched it twice to see why I didn't enjoy it, but I just think it's shitThe music was pretty great though
I don't watch Euphonium but I shitpost in the threads from both the yurifag and antiyurifag sides
7kill yourself
7You're not missing out on much.I only picked up the show because I'm a music major in college with euphonium as my primary instrument and I wanted to hear some quality live recorded wind ensembles. Instead I got boring yuri shitAsuka is pretty great though 
I think the Nausicaa movie is much better than the manga, if for no nothing else but for the sole reason that it has a better flow. Nausicaa as a manga is extremely bad. Not its story, not its character, but the manga itself. It doesn't use the visual medium to its advantage and instead there's just annoying walls of text everywhere and very poor paneling. I couldn't get past the 2nd volume, because that shit is horrible. The story is not engaging, because it feels like you're reading a book, when it's actually a manga and the story is piss poor compared to what books offer, so it's a double loss.
I thought the Kyousougiga series was one of the most legitimately beautiful and heartfelt things I've ever watched. That said, I liked the series far more than the OVAs.
3I liked the first series of SAOI cried at the end of the second season.My favorite anime is probably Kuroshitsuji, its perfect for people with allegedly shit taste.I use reddit for anime recommendations, they haven't steered me wrong yet.
1˚▱˚
I love type moon stuff. I like gen urobuchi. I kinda like guilty crown until I think of the plot and how much of a horrible rip off of Heavens Feel.
6That's nothing to be ashamed of at all, anon. I still listen to the OP to this day.
4This is extremely horrible shit taste. I don't even know where to begin. Get out /a/non, I've lost more faith in humanity. Please, don't reproduce.
7I'm not ashamed but anytime it's mentioned several people start fapping to how great the OVAs were compared to the show.
This is the first season where I actually think the most popular anime are shit.Yahari, Hibike, Kekkai, FSN, all boring or flat out bad.
If I find a dub tolerable, my favorite way to watch anime is with English subs and dub audio. There's stuff like puns and delivery that I can only really understand in english "translator's note: futon futonda means the futon flew" just doesn't have the same impact, but I like to know what's actually being said. Having both at the same time means I can appreciate it better. I haven't been able to convince anyone this is anything but confusing.
1The Lord is testing me.
I use VLC because I like it
7music major in collegeanon...
7I do too anon.I just found out about VLCSnap today.
8What the fuck. Please don't tell me you're a normalfag
3I don't think its bad, honestly. Just flat out boring. The episodic arcs left something to be desired and I don't even care for the over-arching anime original plot anymore.
4
I use Linux and cry everytime i come across a VN that doesn't work on it.
6VNs don't work with WINE?
5Depends on the VN. The biggest thing i run into is font issues and issued with 3D. Some VNs work flawlessly though
I don't like new animation techniques and prefer old cel.I think most anime at around 2005 just stopped being good.I think self inserting is fucking awful and ruins many shows just to pander to pathetic shits.I think harems shows that end with every girl winning is fucking dumb.
7Fucking, this.
3hi verty, its your motherhow come you never call anymore
3I have shit taste.Obviously.It's almost like you posted that to try and displays as much shit taste as possible.
I didn't understand Evangelion
Saekano was the most fucking cancerous shit I've ever watched. I know there's worse shit out there but I'll never forgive humanity for spawning this garbage regardless. I'll gladly risk sounding like Anno or Miyazaki by saying that shit like Saekano is what's wrong with anime.
1it's just another seasonal harem, not particularly worse or better than others.
I enjoy boring shit like this.
I like your favorite anime
1Nichibros is waaay better than Nichijou.Somehat agreed.I can't watch anything that was animated by KyoAni and has a female protagonist.So like... 3 of their shows, including the one airing now? You need to get over that shit.If someone describes a SoL anime with the word "comfy" it's shit.What a retarded opinion.Both yaoi and yuri are cancer, the true pure love is the hetero relationship.Fucking, agreed.I avoid any anime with a Yuri tag. Good thing to, most of them turn out to be shit according to the people in their threads.
Why can't /a/ just admit that SAO isn't as shitty as everyone says it is? The meme is old, and its perfectly entertaining enough.One of the most confessed things in this fucking thread was liking SAO, and there's no point in shitting on it as much as I really need to stop shilling just because I like the Vita game and that cowboy guy from S2.
I don't watch currently running anime anymore and am hardly on /a/ because of that because I find torrenting a batch much more convenient than running after every episode.
I don't self insert, but I often see the main character as an extension of myself so I can empathize better. Boy, girl, doesn't matter.However, if its a light hearted comedy, harem, or multiple protagonists, I don't do it.
The first time I watched Kyoukai no Kanata I thought it was pretty terrible.Something changed in me between my first and my second watches, because for whatever reason, I now feel like it's on of KyoAni's most interesting shows.It's not my favorite show from that studio, but it's probably the most rewatchable for not being too long and being pretty entertaining.
I enjoyed Mirrai Nikki probably because i wanted to see yuuki to get alpha My first anime was the black rock shooter ova, liked it. I will not watch/read DBZ ever. I like bleach, read one piece to 700 chapter, naruto is shit. Read yahari ln because of recent yahari threads, more or less enjoyed this and both anime seasons. I don't watch mecha. I will not watch NGE.
8I think it's because the big twist about Mirai's motivations recontextualizes every single thing before that, but it's still plausible/not a total asspull.
4If you don't watch NGE because its mecha, I've got some news for you. There is actually only one mecha in the entire show, and it was supposed to be an unmanned alternative to Evas.In fact, that's one of the reasons I didn't watch it before, but its actually really good.
9But SAO is terrible, its MC and the way everyone around him sucks his dick in particular.
0It does, but that wasn't a bad thing or an asspull.I don't get why anyone would think it was.
I drop an anime if it's getting too serious because I get really nervous for the MC and don't wanna see the struggle.
7I'll admit that its terrible. That doesn't make the Vita game any less fun, or that cowboy dude who actually got a real native English voice any less awesome.
0What? was that meant for another post?
I can't think of anything I feel guilty enough about to confess.
3Oh, well yeah I guess it did seemingly come out of left-field. I wouldn't be bothered by something like that unless it unjustified the events that happened before it though.
5Okay sure I never played them so I wouldn't know but this is /a/ anime and manga so whenever someone says SAO is terrible they're talking about the anime. Also the people hating on it never watched S2, so they wouldn't know about your cowboy guy. Thus there are literally no reasons for you to be butthurt. Chill man.
8Okay dude, you're really confusing me.Are you talking about Kyoukai no Kanata or Mirai Nikki or just making a joke because KnK's female lead is named Mirai?
i like ichiban ushiro no daimaoubut after that shit, i can't watch harem anymore .it's nothing but fuckign trash and garbage
8Fucking a this is emberessing
I very much enjoy continuing series' through fanfiction. After completing a manga/vidya/animu I'd look up any fanfics. Sadly most is shit but the few shining diamonds were great reads IMHO.I went really deep into this shit with Inuyasha and Katawa Shoujo
5I'm saying it's not an asspull compared to what normally constitutes a twist in most shows.
For a while I became a bit of a normalfig
3 I used to watch Eureka Seven and Naruto AMVS all the time, thinking they were the best shows everI love Sailor Moon. I go on /a/ more than I watch new anime nowadays. I've been backlogging for almost a year nowI used to think Elfen Lied was the pinacle of Horror anime. I board hop from /v/, /u/, /a/, and /mlp/
9
9Aside from the MC it isn't as bad as people make it out to be.
I hate Hitori Bocchi.And I hate Rainbow, even though I love and have listened to every other song by Round Table.
3I hate Haruhi with a fiery burning passion even though I've only seen one episode. I love Lucky Star though.I've never seen a lot of the "essential" /a/ anime. SZS, GitS, LotGH, etcMadoka was fucking awful and if I didn't know I was talking to a bunch of retards online I would have sworn that everyone was trolling me specifically. The only show I've seen while it aired in the last 4 years was Kill la Kill, yet I check /a/ at least weekly.
3I post in power level threads and get mad when people wont see reason
6Oh one more thing, I'm probably the biggest normalfag on here.
6I hate Haruhi with a fiery burning passion even though I've only seen one episode. I love Lucky Star though.kill yourself
0I used to have no problems whatsoever and was able to watch episodes without ever pausing to be able to read the subs only a few times did I have do this while watching Monogatari and Tatami Galaxy. Though in the beginning of last year I began to become self-conscious as I read subs, I´d start to say in my head the sentences I read as I watched the anime. So I was not able to fully understand the meaning behind the sentences when I first read them, as my focus switched to the actual words being said and not trying to get a coherent meaning from them. It was a fucking pain in the ass watching some anime because of this, for example GitS Arise 3rd movie took me 2hrs instd of 1 to finish many of the words in the subs I didn´t know of completely so I was really struggling with understanding most of them. This problem has yet to vanish, for example I´m kind of struggling while watching Planetes now though the problem isn´t as annoying as it was before.I´ve also had trouble watching anime with other people, like my little brother since I´ve had to sometimes pause therefore I pretty much don´t watch the anime I would probably struggle reading with him, I don´t pause that much when it comes to shows I don´t value highly enough. I looked up this problem I have some time ago and found some ways I could help fix it, like chewing gum or whatever while watching anime, tried it and I think it kind of helped. I think this problem first arose cause I was able to read fast enough so I was able to focus on other things and it lead me to re-read sentences while I waited for more information to be presented not only info given from text, also animation which takes less effort to understand, also anime contain just a lot of stillshots. Monogatari though this was before my problem arose was able to keep my focus and immersion through the constant information flooding out from it.
5I'm probably the biggest normalfag on here.no
5You watched Madoka, and Lucky Star.Normalfags only watch shonen, and shit like Bebop, and SnK
I have rewatched SAO more then any other anime.Love Live is mediocre at best.I like Clannad more then After Story. I actually really dislike After Story quite a bit.
My favourite things to do are drawfag, redraw shit, write and read fanfics, fanmix, download fanart and start arguments. I use vlc, blog and read spoilers. I like fujo anime but can't stand the mainstream Free/Utapri etc. and can't watch anime with a highschool setting, sports setting or SoL and only watch shonen/seinen.
6This is the worst taste I have been in this thread yet.3Madoka is entry level as fuck. Do you think every otaku in Japan decided to get together and collective decide that they would all buy Madoka? Madoka, a franchise that started out as a late-night series, grossed more money than Naruto and other Shonen Jump series which even the biggest casualfagfs in Japan read. Why would you think the same wouldn't happen in the west?
7OtakusNormalfagsNice comprehension faggot
3Love Live mediocre at bestThat just hurts my feelings.
3Yeah but I'm married
I've seen over 250 anime but I've only been watching anime for a little over a year.
0Love live is shit.
I watched every episode of fairy tail dubbed
3I used to buy those shitty anime magazines back then Newtype too.2I'm not a combat medic just your average surgeon but I had people die on me too, you aren't supposed to cry a river for every single patient you lose and--ending of SAO season 2SAOMaybe you are secretly just a fag, man.
I plan to give One Piece and Bleach a try in the near future because all of the /a/ threads piqued my interest.
3No one gives a shit, kill yourself.
I got triggered into an embarrassing flame war with a normalfag at another forum because they implied weeaboo are less intelligent than their group of friends.
3You should post in the Bleach threads. We need more fun trip fags.You can join LoN and friends by posting Rukia.
5Nope I'm gonna watch One Piece, then make threads about itDeal with it moeblob
3You should take a break from 4chan.
3put your trip back on ledouche
Anime and manga made love lolis, and lolita style.Now I want to find a qt lolita gf.
I hated what they did to Sayaka in Rebellion. Before that she was best girl.
3I constantly strive to make myself as unlikeable as possibleIs there a word for this art you practice?
9/a/non
6Don't be like that anon. There are people who actually like other people.It's called being sociable. I genuinely want him to come to Bleach threads. He makes threads fun.
8Put your trip back on.
Most of these confessions are pretty weak. Trigger warning for what I'm about to postI came to this website in 2012 from reddit and browsed /k/I used to avatarfag on /ak/ threads and felt genuinely upset when I first got banned for itKatawa Shoujo got me interested in animeMy dad walked in one time during the part where you are eating cake in the cafe with the blind girl and he still says "I like strawberries!" to me in a high pitched voice when I'm watching animeThe first anime I ever watched was GuP right around when it finishedI only watch 1-3 shows per season because I would rather watch older anime from the hundreds of shows on my backlog not a very big confessionI know years and production details of tons of shows and movies, yet I've only seen a fraction of them.I judge people who don't watch anime made before 2000 especially important work from the 70s and 80sI regularly read a few columns at ANNI'm happier as a normalfag than I ever was as a neetFunny thing is you would never know any of this by reading my posts
4okay
3I'm sorry that my post upsets you for whatever reason that you have to resort to calling me a samefag.I really apologize, I hope you have a good day.
3Apart from SHAFT, Kyoani and to a tiny extent Bones and Sunrise I'm absolutely clueless about studios. If someone asked me what studios I like SHAFT would be the only answer I could give.
4I don't know whether to laugh at you or just let my soul erode knowing I share boardspace with people like you.
4Disgusting.
4not being a neet does not automatically make you a normalfag
unironically enjoyed Toradora.I was once an Asukafag and I used to think Rei had few, if any redeemable qualities.I think that Cowboy Bebop is overrated and cliche.I found LoGH mostly boring.
9I don't do that at all It just looks pretty interesting from an outsiders POV.
1unironically enjoyed Toradora.sameI was once an Asukafag and I used to think Rei had few, if any redeemable qualities.same except I still am an AsukafagI think that Cowboy Bebop is overrated and cliche.yuphey 3/4
I barely watch anime anymore outside of rewatching shows I've already seen, because I don't have the motivation to try new shows unless someone specifically recommends them to me.
1I agree about BebopIs anything more overrated?Its just Lupin in space, but not as funny.People only like it because it was babies first animu and the opening is cool.
4that's what 3x3 threads are for :^
Blog shit and new people, why are these threads still here?
Generally speaking, I watch anime on a switch. I finish a dark or edgy series, then a cute girls moe series. Then back to edge.If I watch something that doesn't fit into either category, I watch it slowly between episodes of other shows. If it's really good I marathon it in a couple nights. I don't drop shows. The only one I ever dropped was guilty crown, and I still kind of want to finish it eventually.  My favorite Anime is Shiki. 
0I feel you mate.I've been secretly trying to learn to draw anime girls just so I can design goth lolita clothes to go with them.My main hobby is going out into the wild and hunting with a bow. Nobody suspects a thing.
5These threads are at least better than the majority of threads on /a/ and aren´t repetitive shit when compared to most others.
I want to be Mikoto Misaka.
4sauce?:^
I was English dubs.I find them bearable unlike you guys
My favorite anime are TTGL and KLK because I enjoyed them the most, despite their issues.inb4 only read/watched 20 series
I legitimately think that Madoka is a 9/10, and that Rebellion is a modern-day EoE.I'm a huge yurifag but I don't mind hetI unironically enjoyed Lucky StarI'm responsible for roughly 50% of Yuki Yuna's tvtropes pageI don't want to watch SoL because I'm the type of person it would be most effective onHarems are always shit
3I'm still watching Nisekoi even though it is the epitome of regret.
Since the first time I saw sensei I can only think of real life girls as 3DPD.
I watched all of Code Geass on Youtube while it was airing.Waifu/shipping/x girl culture is one of the stupidest, most banal things possible. I don't know how people can waste time on that.I think 'normal' person, 'abnormal' person romance may be the cutest.I still don't think Nanoha and Fate are lezbeans, though I wouldn't mind it.I think most that say they hate 3d are disingenuous. 6People are too hard on it, it was still very good.1What didn't you like?
4Sayaka is a very black-and-white person, she wouldn't ask Homu bullshit navel-gazing questions about which world is better. She would just declare that Homu is wrong and attack her.She would also never accept the fake world, she's someone who would break rather than bend/compromise her sense of justice.So they took away everything interesting about her character.
If the show has a decent english dub, I will watch it over the sub
3I thought Highschool DxD was the next season of High School of the Dead.Holy crap, are you me?
0Nausicaa is only a bad pun on nausea, which is the sensation you get when reading/watching.
4Waifuism and bestgirlism are completely different from shipping though.
4an episode with two subs at the same time
3It's all terrible to me.9Aren't the circumstances a little different. Sayaka held to her sense of justice in the real world as her way to live, but there is no danger posed to her in the fake world because she knows the deal. I think she was just funning with Homura to get her to discover the truth, and enjoying herself while it all lasted. What I didn't care for was the level of yurifag pander.
I don't finish anime shows since 2 years agostreaming is useful, please do it/sp/ is a better and funnier boardI made threads just for kill threads in page 8/9/10I unironically like Roman ReignsJojo part 5 is the Top filler in Jojo series, please skip itI just watch/read Nisekoi because Kosaki remind me Shinobu from Love Hina, I hope she wins and for the Shuu x Ruri moments
8That makes no sense, you're using "her way to live" to mean both "way of living" and "way to survive."Justice is her way of living, which often harms her survival, like when she refused Homu's grief seed.
Amagi is my 2nd favourite kyoani anime.
9ZnT fell flat on its goddamn face at the end and a friend and I use it as a punchline all the time but I feel like I wouldn't be opposed to buying it on DVD when it's out over here.
4I spent a middle school summer watching a couple episodes every day in 3 parts on YouTube, shit was fun.
I think samurai champloocowboy bebop.
2There's no point behaving in that matter when she knows what's going on and in control. The fake world is like virtual reality to her, she doesn't take it seriously.
4*manner
7883He was right though.
0ThisZankyou no Terror by MAPPAZero no Tsukaima by JC StaffZetsuen no Tempest by Bones
4The fake world is like virtual reality to her, she doesn't take it seriously. Homu is trapping them in it, why wouldn't that matter?She's there on a mission, why wouldn't she take it seriously?There's no point behaving in that matter when she knows what's going on and in control.There's no point in opposing Kyouko when she's hopelessly outmatched, or refusing Humu's grief seed and then becoming a witch and dying needlessly. Sayaka doesn't roll over just because she knows someone else is more powerful.
I started watching American cartoons even though I don't browse /co/ and that the animation quality is mediocre nowadays
I like Yuki Kaji voice.Minna, gomen.
Toradora is my favorite romance
0Homu is trapping them in it, why wouldn't that matter? She's there on a mission, why wouldn't she take it seriously?They entered it with the purpose of helping Homura. She was there to help Homura discover the reality of the situation and then break them out. The matter required patience, fooling around a bit didn't hamper the mission and being aggressive doesn't help.There's no point in opposing Kyouko when she's hopelessly outmatched, or refusing Humu's grief seed and then becoming a witch and dying needlessly.Real world where your principles are challenged is not the same as a fake world where they are not. The circumstances aren't even similar.
3Were you the reason I did this a while back?
9I'm watching Noragami right now and he's a quite tolerable Yukine.He was a good villain in that one Kekkai Sensen episode too. Bad guy roles suit him.
1The matter required patience, fooling around a bit didn't hamper the mission and being aggressive doesn't help.So she's suddenly pragmatic and tactful now? Not to mention patient and not aggressive? None of those words apply to Sayaka.Real world where your principles are challenged is not the same as a fake world where they are not.What's real to her is Homu being wrong, them being trapped, the world itself being a witch's barrier -- something evil. They are still things to which she's opposed.
3i read bleach every week and enjoy it. i also think kubo is a super talented artist even nowAs a jojo fan i can say the jojo community has gotten obnoxious and rather toxic in general. part 3 is mediocre. stand proud isn't even good. 
Nisekoi is legit in my top 5 anime series
3I'm so pissed that Koyomi isn't dating Tsubasa I want to write a shitty fanfiction to fix itI want to write a Bakemonogatari gender bender fanfic just because it would be my two fav things togetherNisemonogatari was the worst thing ever created by manI don't watch a lot of anime and I have a job.
I don't read manga due to the lack of music, not even joking
 Attack on Titan is one of my favorite series 
I got into anime because I heard my sister and some cousins talking about how they watched death note in youtube. Back then I was rewatching digimon and medabots because nostlgia so I decided to give it a try. I downloaded the mexican dub in 480pYears before that I refused to touch anime because every anime fan I encountered while browsing pokemon forums was annoying.Also, I download HorribleSubs 480p releases because my 3rd world internet is slow.
7None of those words apply to Sayaka.I suppose it's implied Sayaka has changed a bit since becoming a Heroic Spirit. The sense of justice is still there but she's more mature about it. That'll happen when your life goes to shit, then you die and and get divine revelations from your best friend and go to heaven, or whatever happened.What's real to her is Homu being wrong, them being trapped, the world itself being a witch's barrier -- something evil. They are still things to which she's opposed.Sayaka fell and became a witch too, she acknowledged and accepted those parts of herself, which I guess is what her controlling her witch form implied. She knows Homura needed to come to know the truth slowly, know herself, and then they could punish the QBs and save her. Madoka definitely influenced her, is what I believe. She's at her side and knows far more than she did while living.
4Recommend us some Katawa fanfics.
6That'll happen when your life goes to shit, then you die and and get divine revelations from your best friend and go to heaven, or whatever happened.he knows Homura needed to come to know the truth slowly, know herself, and then they could punish the QBs and save her. Now you're just making shit up. I suppose it's implied Sayaka has changed a bit since becoming a Heroic Spirit.That's a 180 change, which is my point from the beginning and which the show has not shown is intended. Even if it is intended, as I said that would take away everything interesting about her character.
When I was a kid I thought Brock from Pokemon was cooking everyone stew. I always thought to myself why they ate nothing but stew every single day.
If a show has a female MC I won't watch it.I think the last female MC I've read is the white girl from Tokyo ESP and only because I like the mangaka's work.
7H-how? It's a guilty pleasure of mine but how can you like it that much?
59When I first saw Elfin Lied I listened to Lilium more or less continuously for a year. I still listen to it every now and then.
5Why?
6i still enjoy the NGE dub. it's really nostalgic for me. i also like dub Asuka more than sub Asuka. same here
4Now you're just making shit up.That's my interp based on what the shit the movie make up. Sorry you don't care for it, I don't care though.That's a 180 changeIt's further development of the character. If you find it terrible, it's sad but tough shit. To me, it's among the least offensive things in the movie.3He wasn't?
5You should give The Twelve Kingdoms a try.
6Cowboy Bebop is my favorite anime.Son, no need to confess that. It's common knowledge.
5I just can't find it interesting.The last anime I managed to watch with a female MC was and only Ōkami Kodomo no Ame to Yuki because /a/ was making a big fuzz about it.
3I did and then I found out the novels will never be completed so FUCK YOU
5Sorry man never read the novels. Just for a Female MC show it was top shit.
I wish more female mcs had bigger boobs
8If you find it terrible, it's sad but tough shit.You realize the same could be said about whatever you find offensive about it?
8He wasn't?I assume it's curry as opposed to stew.
I haven't watched a single episode of any currently airing anime for the last 4 or so seasons. I mostly read manga and watch the occasional backlog anime.
I watch dubs even if they're noticeably inferior because subs strain my eyes.And I have such a tin ear for voices I often can't tell.
710 years agofucking hell.. 10 years ago I was a happy 10 yr old
Is it okay to watch Dead fish and HorribleSubs? I recently spilled wine on my PC and I don't want to feel bad for watching Dead fish stuff on lower devices. If I'm a bad anime fan that way I will willingly wait until I build a new pc, just checking
I have never watched a single episode of any anime series.I have never opened a manga.I don't know what a visual novel is.I just meme on 4chan
51995 was 20 years agoWell shit
3I genuinely despise Attack on Titan.I feel it's the most plebeian, overrated show in a long time.I also hate SAO with a passion.Oregairu isn't good.Highschool DxD is filth, mindless fanservice with a weak plot.Most of /a/ has shit taste.
Gunbuster + Diebuster is better than Evangelion
I was turned off anime for 2 years because of the giant ass Panty and Stocking posters all over a con my friend made me go to
6I hardly even watch anime anymore. SameI've grown so picky about what I watch that I spend more time researching what shows to backlog than actually watching stuff.That's actually why i'm on /a/ today. I found a few movies to add to the logOnce a title is in the backlog, my interest evaporates.Same again. I have almost a terabyte of torrented anime from AB that i haven't even watched a tenth of yet, and im still downloading more. It's almost like the researching, seeking, downloading, organizing, and cataloging of everything is more interesting to me now than the actual shows.  I keep an excel doc listing all the anime i have downloaded, sorted by genre, listing info about who made it, when, and the tech specs of the copy i have, and whether i think i should keep an eye out for a better quality or smaller filesize version depending on a weighted formula i've made for an anime's file size compared to runtime, visual content/complexity, genre, encoding format, and languages.  kill me please  sorry for blogshit, i had to let someone know 
2dang
9Same here. Was reading manga only for about 3 years
I watched Date A Live because I thought it was going to be Love Live. You can imagine my surprise when it's starts off with 200 million people being killed.In the beginning of Index, i felt my heart flutter when Index had the cat in her dress and she looked pregnant. I'm not sure if I have a pregnancy fetish or not
8I am guilty of doing this as well.If you are just watching a show to be a completionist, by all means just finish it.
4last oneYou got me. I fucking laughed.
I liked Clannad so much it made me realize how much I hated myself and made me turn my life around.Let me have it.
I watched all 195 episodes of Urusei yatsura, and the movies, and the OVAs on youtube Same goes for Ranma actually.
7First three points aren' confessions, but moreso the general consensus.What did you expect with HDxD?And everyone knows that /a/ has shit taste, because you're on it
2Clannad changed the way I saw anime.
2If it did good for your life the good for you, but you're still a faggot.
2I never finished that show because I lost interest.
I watch anime dubbed because I want to look at the actual fucking animation, unless the voices are too grating
8I completely agree.
3I honestly enjoyed kill la kill
I've only seen 10-20 anime and I've been lurking /a/ for several years.
6I know anon.Not my personal blog I know, but I cannot believe the turn-around that happened over a fucking Chinese cartoon. I didn't know that was possible. It'll be 5 years in December.
Despite watching most of /a/'s essentials I've never watched eva or haruhi
I really hate old anime pre 90's
I wish that Darker Than Black stayed with Hei/Mao/Huang hijinks rather than the shitty reaching plot
I think the final episode of Eden of the East had some of the worst cinematic timing I have ever seen in anime.
I love fate, but have yet to finish the VNLove Gate JSDF, have yet to see anything about itI've bought everything about Overlord, no regretsNow i 
5I watched the last few episodes of Mikagura Gakuen Kumikyoku at 3x speed because I'm so fucking bored with it, but can't bring myself to drop it.
I have and maintain a MAL profile simply to keep track of what I'm watching each season. I would never let anyone see it.I also don't understand /a/'s beef with MAL, like, I understand the community is awful normalfag tier shit but the list is legitimately helpful.
3I pronounced manga man-ga in highschool instead of mon-gha.
7I would bet that over half of /a/ uses Mal. It functions very well for tracking anime. I use a .txt file as well but MAL is really nice for looking up production staff/seiyuu and cross referencing them with other shows I've seen. The community and its rankings leave a lot to be desired. It's watered down /a/ memes with a giant tripfag circlejerk. I would guess that the community is younger on average than /a/. I get really triggered when I see Mal profiles who haven't seen any anime older than Haruhi Suzumiya so I try to stay away from the site. Then again I know people from vidya who have seen about 30 shows and constantly post in YrYr, Strike Witches, and GuP threads hereSpeaking of anime communities, I kind of like the ANN forums and article comments. It's such a different userbase than here. Tons of people who watch dubs and refuse to torrent, lots of people who are into older shows. It's quite the contrast.
Has anyone here read this?
I've read a few volumes, it's technically good but being episodic somewhere along the way I put it down for a while and didn't read any more. It never really grabbed me.
Kind of reminded me of Nobunaga no Chef, but with medicine instead of cooking.
7Yeah
2Same. It is good and I enjoyed what I read but then I just dropped it.
7I heard the drama was good.
7Yes.updates fuckin nevah
7I love this, shame about the release schedule. I grew up watching E.R. on nbc so I have some medical interest and this really fulfills that. The story is interesting as well for it being historical.
7it's good
7I love it when a manga/anime names their characters in the theme of the manga/anime like his assistant Saki
Yes, and if we were to be blessed with translations I'd read it all within the week.
7I read the whole thing, yeah.Good series, but didn't really care for the end.
, 
, 
Wait why did archer stop saying his little poem?
9Buy the BDs
9He got shy on TV.
Archer never actually uses the full incantation for Unlimited Blade Works at any point in the visual novels. Not once. Every single instance of him using the full incantation was from other sources, like the DEEN anime and Unlimited Codes.
9He can't casually project Rho Aius, so he needed to use a partial incantation and a fuck ton of mana to pull it off. In the case of casting UBW, it would be awkward as fuck to let him say the full incantation. In the church, Saber knew what he was up to and probably would have cut him in half had he not shortened it up. Not sure why he didn't do the whole thing in the Einzbern estate. I can see episode length being an issue, but it was shortened in the novel as well.
Shiros UBW Chant is better any way
9He got bored to listen to his shitty and tryhard voice.
, 
Urobuchi has turned into an edgy girl!I want to fuck her really, really bad.
7What's going on with those shoes?
3She is half-insect
Who is this wiener witch?
, 
Please bear with me.
8I want to fuck.
8I can't, Anon. There's just too much to bear
Bears must be excluded.
As I'm sure everyone has noticed they have fucking computers in the soul society It is strange but not too weird until you examine the fact that they have been using them long long before even the most basic computers were developed in the world of the living.This would mean that computers were invented in the fucking spirit world; something that was never explained in the manga/anime. It makes me wonder how the information to build that tech reached the world of the living. Was it by accident or intentional; and if intentional did who ever did it break the rules to do so? It makes me wonder if the soul society was responsible for other influencing other technological advancements. What if bleach is set in the far distant future and the soul society is actually Japan. What if for some reason like the universe breaking down they had to create a new 'world of the living' to stabilize things starting at a specific moment in the distant past giving people false memories of what ever happened before. That would also mean that souls and the afterlife are an artificial man made thing created by science.
One of the general trends we observe in the media produced by various nations is that cultural trends, fears and anxieties of the past and present tend to show up in that nation's science-fiction, fantasy, horror, etc. fiction.General examples of this include things like the Cold War era science-fiction films of America that tended to focus on alien invasions or infiltration by a foreign entity which as you've always been told was a sublimation of fears about Communism, all the way up to the current American horror-trend of Zombie fiction said to represent fears about internal dissonance and national instability.Other examples might be the post-WWII boom in medically-themed horror in European fiction and trends of that nature.That being said, why are post-apocalyptic settings and plots based around nuclear horror comparatively rare in Japanese fiction, including anime?Traumatic points in a nation's history tend to serve as the inspiration for future sci-fi and horror-fiction, but I see little of that in anime. Hell, one of the only things I think relates to it OUTSIDE of anime is the inspiration for the first Godzilla movie.Post-apocalyptic settings are one of my favorite fictional settings, and nuclear-horror is one of my favorite topics in horror, so I'm disappointed to not see more of it in anime, one of my personal favorite mediums.Post-apocalyptic films weren't just popular in western nations in the 1980's, they were a sub-genre. Yet Japan's never had a post-apocalyptic fad, let alone a genre.Is there a particular cultural reason this example is an exception to usual trends in fiction?I can't think of a nation with a more traumatic history with nuclear weapons than Japan. Hell, some current artists were ALIVE when the first and only use of wartime atomic weapons happened. I'm just surprised I haven't seen more of its impact.At the same time, maybe you know of some exceptions to this rule?
OP is already dead.
6Yet Japan's never had a post-apocalyptic fad, let alone a genre.You aren't searching hard enough, it's been done to death, they are all your typical action flicks that only westerners seems to like but won't buy, so it died for new fads
4This. They were once a thing but japanese did not care for them. Gut instinct says most came out in the 80's-90's. Have not been any recent ones as far as memory serves but I could be mistaken.
6Well, it's not even true. Some of the most famous anime directors made post-apocalyptic anime. It's a common theme in Miyazaki works.
WATCH BAREFOOT GEN, IT'S CUTE
NONO BULLSHITCHIHIROFUCKING CHIHIRO??!?!ARE YOU SHITTING ME?!THER'ES LITERALLY FORTY BETTER FUCKING OPTIONS OUT THEREKEIMA YOU FUCKING WANKERALSO WHY IS ELSIE SATAN
9Shitty manga need its end.
the plainest girl must always winsuch is japanese spirit
910Fuck you guys. Keima's not your shitty self-insert. He chose the one he loved, not whatever shitty one you loved.
9The shitstorm was glorious.
Best girl won, you have to deal with it.
RIGHT NOW!
0cute tombiysh girlplainA waifu doesn't need flashy technicolor hair and bust 190 to be best
Deal with it.Keima likes the wild card
Did that guy ever eat his shit?
9Of all the things to complain about the way the series ended this wasn't it.  RIGHT NOW 
The whole ending was awful. This was just the cherry on the shitpile
1I FEEL EXCLUDEDSOMEONE GIVE ME A TLDR
5the piss on the shitall that shit becoming watery
0Series obviously building towards Keima falling in love with Chihro.Chihiro haters angrily denying it.Keima admits he loves Chihiro.Chihio haters throw tantrum.Everyone else, whether Chihiro fans or just people paying fucking attention to the story, laughs at them.
0Best girl, best arc.
1It was a lot of fun. Shame the arc leading up to it was the weakest part of the series.
9PUT THE FUCKING PAGESINTHEFUCKINGCORRECTORDER
I don't give a fuck about Keima but he could at least done better with the break ups but he was a horrible person regardless so it makes sense he pick the worst girl. Hopefully the other girls will be smart and find someone better.
3This was 10 times worse than anything he did to Chihiro. Cold as fuck
3Tenrifags still mad I see
9No I liked Elise more but even I know all the girls deserved better but I do agree Tenri got the worst part.
38You idiots do realize she's had that letter for like 10 years, right? She's known for years he wasn't going to fall for her. The fact that she was still stupid enough to hope that things would be different is all on her.
9Do people not realize his true self? Imagine being married to this guy and all he does is come home and play video games all day. Any girl would get sick of his shit. Which would force him to either choose them or the games. Like I really wish they expanded the relationship of these two after getting the girl instead of this ending it just feels unfinished or lacking.
9Best girl was that goody two shoes temp teacher
I dropped the series after the goddess arcI wanted it to remain all about Keima just using his gal game stills to win bitches .Part of me felt it's sort of right for Chihiro to win since Keima was kinda interested in her since the beginning her route was the one where he had the most reaction. But another part of me felt it was a betrayal of his character and just wanted him to stay with his 2D waifu or at least end up with LC.something that says as long as you are as competent as Keima it doesn't matter what life you have.
6Doesn't change the writer taking a shit on the characters in the end. As Keima would say, blame the manga.
0The girl that coincided with Keima's development and characterization won, I don't understand how people didn't see it coming
/a/ went nuts that day.
9Something similar happened to me with my first love
1If Chihiro wins i will eat my shitlel
tfw I'm kanonfagtenri's tenshi is my secondarieschihiro winningtfwWell chihiro also acceptable though...
7I always feel like idols get the best stories but always lose. They'd probably be terrible girlfriends but their arcs are so sweet.
It's amazing that people were blindsided by this ending when people called Chihiro as the true winner as early as her own arc way back near the manga's start. Chihiro's confession and Keima's reaction and regret afterwards just sealed the deal.To Keima there was nothing noteworthy about putting on one of his fake personalities of the week and easily manipulating various girls to fall in love with him, hell he was doing that daily as a form of recreation through his games. Even if they spent much of their time jawing at each other Chihiro was the only girl besides maybe Elsie, but that was a different set of circumstrances that he had any sort of personal connection with. And when he coldly rejected her on the rooftop the aftermath told the whole story. With any other girl he was more than willing to set himself up as a pariah and bear the responsibility of hurting them if it meant saving their lives, but doing so with Chihiro made him upset and remorseful. He was emotionally devastated at how cruely he had treated her, and he eventually realized what those feelings were indicating, that he cared about her in a special way.But hey, no need to pay attention to important shit that's happening in the story when you can just ogle at your waifu of choice. I mean, I'm not even a Chihirofag, I was a Haquafag of all things, but you gotta recognize that where there's smoke there's fire.
9Elsie is Satan? When did that happen?
5Shut up Pencilfag Sumire was best girl
3Because /a/ was right
The ending ruined the manga.I don't even enjoy the old chapters I used to like anymore.
0Not just plainest. She looks like Keima aka a BOY. Even Sarada from Naruto looks more feminine than that whore. And true to Jap preferences if a female character is a BITCH then she wins her man BECAUSE she is a bitch. However TWGOK had a LOT of bitches so the deciding factor was ugliness and it's hard to top a girl who looks like a guy.
5Fucking this. It's not like TWGOK was super complex or difficult to follow. People were picking up on even End Boss Elsie relatively fast and predicting the general scenario to startling accuracy, and Keima-Chihiro end was even more obvious than that.3Sumire was the most beautiful
5I really dont have that much a problem with any of the girls winning, but realistically Chihiro winning could have worked much better just after the goddess arc, not after a arc that just ignored her completely and focus almost all the time in 2 really important girls imouto first half, tenri second half. For the end at least I was thinking that the problem with Chihiro was something like "well i fucked that really hard but the life continue" in Keima's mind, hell the girl was just in almost the same set of mind in the final chapters.That and the treatment to Tenri was really really shitty from Keima part, even worse that the shit that Chihiro dealt with.
0You mean the only girl who loved while he was still a loser Otaku?
Is this even worth reading since I know who wins? I watched the anime and liked Elsie the best.
5Character development nerd.You see it go on, the biggest example is when he finally calls everyone his friends versus the beginning where he had none and ht ought such things useless.
0More like Derailment
9the arc didn't ignore her at all, there were constant reminders of how she was on his mind.
9Keima really didn't have a choice as far as Tenri went. He had to set her up for later shenanigans because the future literally depended on it but he also had to make his feelings about her clear so she wouldn't harbor false hope. The fact that she harbored false hope *anyway* isn't really his fault. And it's not like he could explain it to her directly because she was 7 years old. He did the best he could do under the circumstances.
9Chihiro ending
2D ending never happenedfucking job, Wakaki. One fucking job.;_;
5Hindsight is 20/20. It all makes sense looking back on it, but I can see why people were taken off guard by it considering she took a backseat for the last arc. The last arc should have been about 50 chapters shorter to be honest.
5since Keima was kinda interested in her since the beginningI had been waiting for a confirmation from someone who has dropped it, so that I can know it wasn't just imagination saying that after I've already seen the ending.So how did anyone ever not expect Chihiro winning?
1Delusion, what else?
6rip in pieces yokkyun
1I once thought Chihiro lost during the Goddess' arc, then I dropped TWGOK.I missed this. This was the best thing I could have hoped for and had, had I just waited for it to finish.I could have funposted with my other bros for days on end.
0the onlyPeople just like to forget Tenri, right?0Was true hope not false, remember that she just read the letter with the answer and the complicated stuff after the end of the goddess arc, until then she just waited for the answer for 10 years having that hope. And anyway he should have at least have a talk with her after coming back and not responding in a fucking letter.
8Keima has good taste.
16The two main features of the ending, Elsie and Chihiro ends, were both predicted well in advance.People who didn't believe in End Boss Elsie typically said that although the explanation seemed reasonable, they still weren't entirely convinced.People who didn't believe in Chihiro winning spammed slander against Chihiro and did everything in their power to insult the character and the character's fans, not even bothering respond to explanations as to why Chihiro would win.
TWGOK PSP/Vita VN when?
Haqua a best girl.
7Please no. That would give Chihiro haters the "canon end" they wanted.This series has only one true end. Chihiro.
9Everything always goes to shit after the time travel arc.
9Nice.She was my favourite actually, there were many great others though.
01namefaggingI hate that this is allowed.
3The funniest part were the Chihirohaters in the week between that and the last chapter deluding themselves into thinking that the confession was fake/Chihiro would reject him/he'd go back to Tenri or any other number of crazy attempts to grasp for straws.What a crazy time to be on /a/
0Blame moot and the lack of visible sage.
Oh are the slowpokes just now coming out of the woodwork? TWGOK went downhill real fucking quick when it was halfway through the goddess arc. By the time it was at the Jupiter arc, I just couldn't give a fuck anymore especially with how shit the build up was to the ending. Sure the foreshadowing was there but fuck me it was such a trudge that I was just glad it was finally over as opposed to everybody else apparently shitstorming up. Such a sad state of affairs.Also this 6
9Pick a fucking 3DPDKeima you a traitor.
1I wonder if that anon enjoyed his shit.
She's the only girl that actually loved him without the whole game pickup artist bullshit. It's the only ending that makes sense to be honest.
It was so cute seeing her initially fall for him when he was trying to pair her with soccer guy. I love this couple!
6That was the true fucking ending they should have quit while ahead.
I can accept that Chihiro won. I still don't like it though.
So wait Elsie was satan like not knowing or was and just really really fucking with him hard for the shits and giggles?
9The last few chapters were rushed as fuck. It sucked.
Oh I forgot to post this too. How could the anime just end on this note? What the hell was this? I was depressed for weeks because I didn't know it continued in the manga.
4Still in my headcanon. Delusions be strong.
Oh for fuck's sake it pisses me off so much whenever someone denies the Chihiro end. Like for fuck's sake the real world with its unpredictability and imperfection is better than fiction was it's only real theme and message. What the fuck did you think that Akari arc that was otherwise useless where Keima said "Maybe perfection isn't that great because then there would be no need for love" was for?Like holy shit this is a SHOUNEN manga. It's targetted at middle schoolers. If you can't comprehend the one and only theme and message of a fucking picture book written for 14 year olds then you must be either actually mentally retarded or so deluded about your favourite girl that you would deny the huge pile of evidence that we were headed for Chihiro end as the only possibility. You don't have to agree with it, you can have another favourite girl, you can disagree with the message of "become a normalfag and get a 3DPD", but you can't pretend to not understand this ridiculously obvious foreshadowing.
9Oh and I forgot, those people who like to say the ending wasn't expected because Chihiro showed up for all of 2 seconds during the last long arc, and that the arc was about Tenri, have NO IDEA what they're talking about. That arc was ABOUT Chihiro, disguised as a Tenri arc, make no doubt of it. The driving force behind all of the drama and inner conflict Keima was having in that arc was regret and guilt from rejecting Chihiro. There was a panel where he almost shed a tear remembering the moment when talking about his mistakes. He almost quit and gave up because he couldn't bear hurting girls anymore gee I wonder who he could be talking about what with this arc immediately following the goddess arc. Every time Chihiro appears on screen in that arc we get panels and panels of Keima just staring at her with a blank expression. Keima almost ran away and abandoned the timeline while IGNORING Tenri until she literally jumped in risking her life for him, in what way is this a Tenri arc?
, 
, 
How did he get killed by a bunch of Russian peasants?
Either they overwhelmed him with firepower and sheer numbers the most probable outcome or the soviets had stand users between their ranks 
He was probably standing in the middle of a battlefield shooting everything Russian in sight screaming about German engineering, then he just got shot.
6the most probable outcomeNah. They probably had equally strong or superior technology and cyborgs.
7Fabulous Russians.
7It must've been the work of an enemy stand.
7He didn't, he was killed by Russian winter.
Germans were out sustained in Stalingrad so it was probably an embarrassing hungry defeat
5WWIISoviets having tech
7I like to think he ended up sacrificing himself to save his fellow soldiers so they could retreat from stalingrad
7The USSR's elite were some of the baddest motherfuckers out there in their heyday. Pretty much all of them were almost as crazy as Stroheim was.
7They were big russians
8JoJoThere is your answer.
7Heard it was some gay dude. Says Kuwabara Kuwabara whenever he crosses bridges too. He's weird. Heard he became a Colonel after killing him too.
7Why is he using a jew gun?
Someone threw a butter knife at his waist and blew his legs right off as always. Then they just threw conscripted soldiers at his torso until he eventually wore out, as was the Soviet way.
Same way Geralt got pitchforked by a peasant
3irony
9bad luck?
7A Russian stand user
1That's just retarded.
Someone snuck up and stuck a potato up his tailpipe.
8They had.
7He needs some kind of fuel, right?He probably ran out at some point.
5This. The guy was half made of metal, in the fucking winter that is a death sentence. Even the fucking nails and whatever else metal in german boots made winter hell.
7He fell victim to the classic blunder.
44u
Because Araki would've been in real trouble keeping him alive.w-w-why isn't he in jail? fucking nazi yuo are evil!11!1!But my dream would've been Stroheim in Part 3 Inb4 Hol Horse, Nazi Cyborg with a Stand is just overkill.
9Because Araki would've been in real trouble keeping him alive.He could just make it that he escaped, or they executed him but he didn't die because the work of an enemy stand.
, 
So what was the deal with his screws?
7They're part of his ability Bookmaker
7They didn't explain that from what I remember, I don't think anyone ever questioned why he uses screws, all I know is it looks cool
7They show how screwed you actually are.
8His bookmaker screw isn't real. Its just a mental image of a screw that everyone perceives.
7Probably just his favorite weapon because of how cruel and ridiculous it looks at the same timeHe can just negate the fact that 'I don't have a billion screws appearing in my hands UBW style' and he'll have a billion screws appearing in his hands UBW style.
7I always thought that the screws were his "Hundred Gauntlets" minus. They never really explained exactly what that was.
, 
, 
, 
It's finally here:
7bbwntr
Oh cool, looks like Core is gradually toning their censorship back down.

Dead thread. Here's a manga.
looking a series where theres this guy a bookstore who has sex with three loli friends, of which one is like secretly in love with the bookstore guyit mightve been removed, i dunno
Oh cool, my sad panda extension is broken and claims my account doesn't exist anymore. Swell.

9tall girl
Here you say?


7
This is probably vague, but does anyone remember a doujin about a brother that gets left home with his, I think three sisters, and fucks them all over like 3 or 4 parts. In one part he visits a sister whos doing an exhibit for a culture fair or something at school with a friend and fucks her from behind a screen or so.
78

6class="quote"tanlinestomboy
More Ruri
7tfw I found out about Kiyohiko Azuma's secret /ss/ fetish
6Kansai Orange
Need more catgirls
My dick is waiting eagerly for Summer Halation 3 on C88.
5
9How did this guy manage to waste 30 pages on absolutley nothing happening?
Give me your best Dead Tuna Sex.
What should I fap to: trap or futa?
5Traps, duh
5Traps.
5ever fapping to futa
5Futa, but only where they have balls and fuck in the butt.
5
0/out/
6I'm at a loss.
class="quote"spatsMy old love.
long live ntr
you an aunt?
5
3Sexaully frustrated older girls is always good.
Have some quality Konmori preggosand extreme oppai lolis latest edition was finally scanned
7Serious question: do you people really fap to raws?implying you can read moon
699% of h-manga and doujinshi have completely retarded dialogue anyway. It's not like you're missing much.
6Hasn't learned japanese to understand dumb plots in order to fap
6Serious question: do you people really fap to raws?Yes.
6Why not?
Is he #ourguy ?
5link to the manga/doujinshi please
4book coming soon.
should be a more common thing
Hey guys I'm searching this doujin I saw a time ago and I was wondering if anyone can help me.If was some kind of time travel or alternate universe, when the MC needed to fuck his crush or chilhood friend to achieve a great life, but then there was this other guy who was ugly as fuck that also needed to do the same to become a pornstar or else he would be killed.Sorry if its too vague but that's everything I remember
I actually dont remember which manga i saved/cropped this from.Had something to do with a guy finding out a girl doesn't wear panties to class, then ends up fucking the shit out of her while she's in a pantyhose with no underwear on.

6The real question is why aren't you learning jap yetAnd fuck you google,that's not pizza
9have you tried reverse image searching that crop?
4Goddamn it, that's really messed up, but I can't stop myself.
9FutaMah ni-but only where they have balls...
is there a way to access sadpanda on an ipod touch?
2Yeah.
9completely retarded dialogueI've been around Hentai, and doujinshi so long that that dialogue turns me on now. I need it. Plus reading doujin without words is like watching anime without subs, in the sense I can't completely self insert if I don't know whats going on.

7[Ex][Kotoyoshi Yumisuke] Kainyuu Miko Uzume Ch. 8 [English]Yeeeeeshh
I got it done. Makes like zero sense without knowing what the fuck happened before in the story.
4The summary on page 6 kind of helps. Hopefully someone steps up to translate the rest.
4I guess all we can do is pray for a wild translator to appear. Not very high chances though, for some reason Kotoyoshi's works always are left unfinished, there's at least 3 tankobons that are partially translated.
9Anyone have some futa with balls favorites? It's way hotter than just the shaft because just the shaft looks like it was tacked on lazily, which I guess it was.
7first one has nice art but is super fucking vanilla.
NOW EVERYBODY MOVECAN YOU GET A LITTLE SOMETHINGGOT TO DOSO BETTER BELIEVE INBETTER BELIEVE IN YOURSELF
5WHY ARE YOU YELLING, EVERYONE IS USING THEY'RE INSIDE VOICE AND YOU ARE JUST SCREAMING
, 
, 
, 
, 
I can't wait until Toei extends these 10 seconds over an entire episode and a half Which would be worse, these ten seconds or Freeza's five minutes?Oh and calling it now: in about a decade when One Piece is over and everyone starts hating it just like they did for DBZ, everyone is going to say Oda went full retard after the timeskip
5They will say:are they still on the birdcage?
, 
I hope MC gets back his original farmer body after this because face it, Hero's body a shit.It was strong and good when it was still alive but now it is decaying and lost all its flesh and is just bones.
4loli necromancer a best
4Yeah at this point it's unless he takes that medicine periodically it's pointless for him to be a skeleton.
6Yeah, the loli necromancer's shitty reason was that the Hero has better muscles than MC so that makes his body physically stronger, but if you remove all the muscles, Hero's body is just normal bones in the end so there is no good reason for MC to have to be stuck inside a decaying, smelly body or should I say a skeleton body.Part of me feels the author is just lazy and finds it easier to draw a skeleton face.
, 
, 
, 
The fuck was that ending?
Tomatoes.
/m/
Pleading for season 3
3It was bullshit.
3the original ending was supposed to be everything being reset by angel to where Dorothy and Roger could be together.
Roger negotiated.
3Eh, I thought it was alright
3It's like what Lenin said, you look for the person who will benefit
6I thought that song was so gay when I was a kid. I love it so much now.
0A movie would be spectacular. Something along the lines of Trigun: Badlands Rumble would do.
3Director wanted the show to remain an episodic mystery. Cartoon Network funded S2. They wanted an answer to the mystery and more action. Staff didn't have enough episodes to really flesh out the ideas while including lots of action and it turned into a clusterfuck. I'm convinced that there could have been a much better resolution if CN funded 26 eps instead of 13.
12I'd love a movie to conclude it or just a reboot.
2I'm guessing since Sunrise originally just wanted 26 episodes in the first place, they just let CN know that mere fact and CN fronted the bill for those episodes.Of course, CN were offered 26 additional episodes for an S3 but due to low ratings and DVD sales at the time, it wasn't financially possible.
3It was really unpopular in Japan so it got cut short to 13 episodes. S2 didn't get funded until after Big O ran on CN in 2001.Also for everybody this is a much watch video if you like Big O if you like Big O I swear to god you better have seen Giant Robo. If you haven't DL it right now and watch. Big O's director did animation direction, animation, and storyboarding for half of Giant Robo and its influence on the Big O shows. You can find it on bakabt
5I'll get to it, thanks.
1when you finish it, make a thread on /m/
0Why?
5unpopular in JapanOh yeah, I know the story behind Big O's production. Just saying that since it was originally supposed to be 26 episodes, they let CN just fund the 13 episodes they were gonna do in the first place.Giant RoboThat's been on my backlog that I need to get to sometime. The intro sequence is pretty cool.
4because if you make a giant robo thread on /a/ nobody will post in it
I'll start.Combat maids
6Main bad is actually one of the good guys.
Introducing the latest set of villains in silhouette.
Tournament Arcs
girl thinks guy is an assholegirl gets attacked by rapistssaved by that guyA lot of people hate it, but I will defend it to the death.
6Combat maidsHoly shit, anon. I was just fucking thinking of making this very thread after watching the Overlord PV. I loved the hell out of Roberta but I'm so fucking tired of them too.
0That's less a trope and more a stalling tactic, it lets the author basically have dozens of chapters that write themselves with no need to advance the plot in any way.
5they are still the best, because torunament arcs allow the side characters who are usually ignored get their own episodes for their matches.
2They're shit, and the author is shit if he can't give side characters pagetime during normal arcs.
6surprise, sudden kiss intense blushing/smiles/etcnever gets old
Severely and clearly damaged but claims they feel nothing.Insanely powerful old people.5That brief moment when they haven't quite processed what happened is always golden.
Insert songs.
Male is transported to another world and becomes famous for historical, tech, political knowledge not yet known in that dimension or world. Gets all the pussy.
6Combat Megane MaidsFTFY
1Head Meido best girl.
If you kill him, you'll be just as bad as he is!
Donkey Eared Elves
1Megane is shit.
When the end girl is not the first girl
tsundere asks mc to pretend to be bf to trick someonemc gets his shit fucked up, tsundere is the only one who visits him in the hospitalActually, pretty much anything tsundere I have a soft spot for
Does the Mc getting recognized after all the hard work he's put in count as a trope?
, 
, 
Do you faggot have that one anime that you had fun with back then, but now whenever you rewatch it ends up being shit.If you skipped the first 3 episodes, LS was pretty fun. Now, its just medicore looking back
6If you skipped the first 3 episodesIs this the key? Is this what I have to do to watch LS? What am I missing if I do?
4Not much.It was a thing you had to experience when it came out.Even when the threads died down after the first 3 episodes, I still had fun with those faggots watching this show.Its just as generic as SoL moe can get.
6I think I can count on one hand the number of anime I've actually re-watched over the years. Another, Higurashi, Some of the old Sailor Moon, UY: Beautiful Dreamer.I only re-watched them because they were all I had access to at some point or because they were excellent.
, 
You will never be put in a ring with these lady'sYou will never receive extensive martial arts training from HS bitches You will never be kicked by Dal dalYou will never fight Moon Young Fuck the QueenWhy even live /a/?
8posting manwha on an Anime and Manga forumReported :^
9Posting reports in a bannable office faggot
let me guess..left girl hana from prisson school, right hanekawa tsubasa bakemonogatari
Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Hard mode: No Risa Taneda.Nightmare mode: No Chiwa Saito.And from the other side: Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do? HanaKana?
Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Ami KoshimizuWho doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Most males
6Ami Koshimizu, is she Ryuko's voice?
Chiwa Sai-Fuck you OP.
5I love Asami Imai and Mimorin!
9
5Kuwashima
5Either Namikawa or Tomokazu Seki have the most acting range on the male side.As for one-voice wonders, Wakamoto for sure.
7WakamotoAs excessively praised he is, his problem is that his voice is distracting. Watching a story, when suddenly-- "Oh, it's Wakamoto." Immersion lost.Anime related.
3Yes, but the OP asked for "doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do", and Wakamoto is that to a T
Hayashibara Megumi. She can beemotionless dollara girlgenki girldudepokemonemotionless girlold farttsundere girlradio djnursereal mom
1It's not really fair to bring her up. Not many can compare to that level of raw talent.
5Akira Ishida is the all-time champion when it comes to range. No other male seiyuu has believably played a female character.On the flipside, Hikaru Midorikawa and Aya Hisakawa sound the same in every role they do, but they're great.
Lately I've been impressed by Han Megumi. She did a great job wth Gon, but also does roles of completely different types Ramlethal, Yamato well, too.
Voice actors you like who are now on the fringe of no work.
1Voice actors you like who are now on the fringe of no work.RIP Kana Ueda
1She voices males? Why are japanese males so gay?
3thread about seiyuu with great vocal rangeits not fair to bring her up!!
7No, you wanker. Those are her husbandos.
Hayami
Noto Mamiko a best
2Was just listening to her version of Yuki no Hana.
Akizilla has an impressive range.YuiMedakaAnd all points in between.
7no, after her husband was not good enough in bed she married Alcohol,Edgeworth and Leon.
4full 12 minutes of singing in English as the lyrics change around is kind of impressive. Her English is surprisingly good unlike most seiyuu.
Nao Toyama has a pretty impressive range.
Teen-girl Ishida is the best
6Mamiko a slut
KanaHanaNot shit
4I like her hentai roles.
4the only one i know is Eiyuu Senki, the pc game, what else is there?
7Did she got married? I didn't hear her voice anymore except as Tohsaka.
1sure why this guy bothered uploading in 240p.
8Panchira Teacher and I think Onna Kyoushi Yumi no Houkago.
Mai Fuchigami should be nicknamed HFCS, because she's in everything!
5is really good at what they can do?Rie Kugimiya?
While I'm at it.
1Is Akira Ishida the Sean Bean of voice acting? His characters seem to die a lot.
Watching Kamen Rider FaizSuddenly loli Aoi YūkiNice8She is in Neptunia as IF in every game.
8i think she is in a shit ton of mobile games.
5Risa TanedaDoesn't she just voice cunts? I know her just as the cunt voice, what range?
5I love Mimorin.But as for most acting range, maybe Eguchi Takuya? He has a crazy range.
9
7Nevermind me, I read the OP incorrectly.
Ai Kakuma
4Mingosu-chan is a Miracle of the Universe!
8loli AocchanPicked up.
2And still no one will marry her, at this rate Sugita will get married before her.
9She voices a tsunderedere lesbian and a tsuntsun ojou-sama this season. She also has a role on DxD, but I don't watch that shit.
7What?アニメ2015年暗殺教室（不破優月[19]）GANGSTA.（ロレッタ・クリスチアーノ・アモーディオ[20]）ガンスリンガー ストラトス（竜胆しづね[21]）ビキニ・ウォリアーズ（パラディン[22]）Fate/kaleid liner プリズマ☆イリヤ ツヴァイ ヘルツ!（遠坂凛[23]）魔法少女リリカルなのはViVid（八神はやて）OVA2015年鬼灯の冷徹（大判）堀さんと宮村くん -好きだ-（吉川由紀[27]）咲日和（宮永咲）ゲーム2015年暗殺教室 囲い込みの時間（不破優月）御城プロジェクト（丹波横山城、福智山城、福知山城）乖離性ミリオンアーサー（遠坂凛）ガンスリンガー ストラトス リローデッド（竜胆しづね）新次元ゲイム ネプテューヌVII（アイエフ[54]）STELLA GLOW（ヴェロニカ[55]）神刻の娘（ソーサレス / 水原玲[56]）戦獄スレイヤー（堕天使ルシファー）ファンタジーアース ゼロ（強気な少女II）ファントム オブ キル（アロンダイト）封印勇者！マイン島と空の迷宮（“蒼白銀の魔法騎士”ソシエ）Fate/Grand Order[57]プリンセスコネクト!（栗林くるみ[58]）BLAZBLUE CHRONOPHANTASMA EXTEND（レイチェル・アルカード）桃色大戦ぱいろん+（ぷらす）（Tetra Another/R、Tetra（花粉症!ウィルス!ver.、Tetra（Sp2 花粉症!?ウィルス!?ver.）ミリオンチェイン（遠坂凛）ミリ姫大戦 −Militärische Mädchen−（フィーツェン[59]）モンスターハンター フロンティア オンライン（遠坂凛）ゆるかみ![60]LORD of VERMILION III Chain-Gene（竜胆しづね、遠坂凛）
6Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Most malesThat's about right. Like Wakamoto
Some of Nana`s voice is easily recognizable, but she's really good and she's great at giving expressions on her lines. You can clearly feel what she feels when she says her lines.
5Daisuke Ono. Hands down.
What kind of range do you mean.For example, when Koyasu played Pesche, he wasn't really doing a different voice, but he was acting significantly different than he does as, say, Dio.
Range
1No she isn't. Just because you aren't doing 3-4 shows a cours doesn't mean you're not working.
Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Mai Nakahara, hands down.Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Mamiko Noto. I really wish she would just stick to those gentle, shy typecast roles she used to do. She can't pull off badass characters.
2She can't pull off badass characters.Does that assessment include the action-y bits from Freezing?Pic: Just adding another role of hers, for the record.
1Fukuhara only seems to get 2 or so roles a year often pretty lame ones, and who was Kato's last non-Hachikuji role?
8I haven't seen Freezing. I was thinking more along the lines of her role in Rinne no Lagrange.I wasn't crazy about her performance as Taihou, either.
7Either Namikawa or Tomokazu Seki have the most acting range on the male side.doesn't know Yamadera Kouichi
3Good taste.
0Freezing is vulgar rubbish, but it has its moments. Also, a very horny and battle-happy HanaKana.Yeah, Taihou wasn't exactly a demanding role, so it was good to keep expectations low.
I want more Hocchan in my life.
9She will outlive us all, you know.
KitaEri has God-tier range.Hot womenLolisCute boysLeading men MahiroOnly Sawashiro has better range IMHO.

7Her transition between moeblob to bitch is amazing.
95
9Ryuko and Kallen Stadfeldt....but also somehow Yukiko Amagi and Agnes Oblige. She's definitely up there.
1She's pretty good as Artesia in Gundam The Origin and she took over from her mother Keiko Han as Lalah too.
5She has range, but not impressively big.But Sumipe is cute!
2And her characters are so spectacularly popular!
5Did people really hate Fubuki? I just thought they hated the way she was treated as the most special snowflake of them all because TTK had a dream.
idgaf
3It's natural if unreasonable they start to hate her too, I think. She's great in the 4koma, though; she shows up occasionally to nudge the scenario along, then steps aside for the other characters.
5Kitamura Eri
2I don't get it and google says High Fructose Corn Syrup?
2Guess what's in everything.
1Yukarin;_;
I think Fukuyama Jun have a huge range.
I don't think females can have that big of a range compared to male ones.I can't think of any off the top of my head otherwise I would have said Rie Kugimiya.
5Nightmare mode: No Chiwa Saito.I don't follow seiyuus at all, so it's a well known fact that Chiwa Saito has ridiculous range?I realized it just recently myself and was blown away
5Matsuoka Yoshitsugu, his cute voice and cool voice is good
1his cute voiceAre you serious? He sounds like he's petting a baby. Obnoxious retard voice
1mfw Nakahara hasn't had a main role in 2 yearsIt hurts. ;_;
9His voice for Bell is cute.
2Eh? Isn't usually the female one who has the bigger range? I can't recall any male VA with impressive range other than Namikawa Daisuke.
9Well I am not watching Danmachi because it's utter garbage, but I heard the long screaming scene and that was pretty cute, I admit.
4have you seen the video of her saying tongue-twisters in yui's voice, that shit's amazing
6She's really good at voicing empty shallow whores. Not that I don't like it.
5Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Koshimizu, Accelerator, maybe Tomato.Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?HanaKana, Kamiya, Sawashiro, Sugita, FukuJun. Kajii too, though he mostly voices faggots. Fumiko Orikasa, though you can argue that she's typecast Rukia, Riza Hawkeye, Seras Victoria, that occult girl from Sket Dance.
0empty shallow whoresThat's not very nice.
3Her own words, not mine.


Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Ogura Yui. It might sound forced but damn if it aint cute. Not to mention she can sing well with that kind of voice too.
Reminder that Nana Inoue and Aoi Yuuki will be live this Sunday on Nico.
4MimorinMuh nigga
9Doesn't she just voice cunts?IIE SENPAI
0Hino Satoshi - just compare his Kamui in Gintama and Isaac in Log Horizon.
Whose's voice does your favorite seiyuu like?For example, it's well known that Aoi Yuuki is a huge fan of Sawashiro's work. Same but to a lesser extent with Nakamura and Sugita.I've also heard her complimenting Yuki Kaiji saying it was "cute", besides the character he voiced in VVV was her favorite and Hiroki Yasumoto's voice.
3Sugita kinda likes Kuwashima Houko's voice
Is she gonna make it through the year, lads?
5Sugita also likes Hayamin.And Nakamura has a soft spot for Mamiko Noto's voice.
0You didn't take my kindabait
4This kind
8I exclusively like Hentai VA's because I like watching their voice getting fucked by a guys voice that isn't mine.
128:00 is 4 am Japanese Time right?
5Ishida
1no_
3Kamiyan seems like Hocchan's voice for Hanekawa Tsubasa.
9Listen to Kohinata Yukari fros YYS. I don't know which is the deepest voice she did. Xenovia?
1Matsuoka pounds that pussy every night.
1beta faggot voice and gary stu voiceFixed
Is it me, or is Tomato no longer getting much love in these threads? She rarely seems to get posted anymore.
4Cause she doesn't have any roles anymore m8. Its to be expected really since she is going on her live tour this Summer and she is releasing her new photobook to boot. Anime seems to be second place with her in her priorities. That being said, I am looking forward to the scans and rips of the tour. I think it has just gotten to the point that only you and I circle-jerk her in the threads.
1That picture is very appropriate. It's as if she's going to cry.
Has there been any seiyuu who has been to the Philippines?
What's your favorite song from your favorite seiyuu? Wareta Ringo is my favorite, I think it's the best from Taneda Risa 
1character song or song by them?
Who here actually likes idols?From the way most of the thread post I feel like a lot of people have the potential to become idol fans but hate the idea cause so they go with 3DPD and "seiyuu's are actually talented"
7Both of them is okay.
9I don't think I'll actually become an idolfag, though I like to see seiyuus that sing on stage like Nana, Sakamoto, Mimori, HanaKana.Also that sing in evens like in here 1
1Courage from SAO.
2don't you like songs from her albums MKL?
1
6Which one is he?
4
6But Courage was pretty good.
1Hare Hare Yukai ver. Kyon. If unofficial works are counted, then Shinkon Datte Dounanda. 9I like people with actual musical talent ie. sing well and/or being able to compose, not random girls raised on a pedestial to be a product.
4Strange, I wouldn't even call Courage one of her best songs. It just lacks any originality to it and kinda feels like it was just written for a show like SAO. Asu Iro Himawari, Q&A Recital and hell even Monochrome I would just say are better songs. But hey, the world don't move to the beat of one drum.
2
4me on the left
4Well she's half after all. Not that it matters.
4She. Doesn't. Count.
Most acting range: TomatsuGood at what they do: Kobayashi
like her voice. Espescially in ero scene.
Best deal this season.
9The elf girl from Danmachi.
1She will. Don't worry. She'll push through.
6my nigga
5
0Eguchi is a big guy.
Dont forget Aya Hirano!
Horino Sayaka
There's something about Nakamura Eriko that turns me on. I think it's her, a happy loco voicing two-goody shoes character like im@s Haruka.
3For you.
1She's married and has a 13 years old son.
Who is this semen demon?
8Ohhhh yeaahhhhh~
1Character song? Seigi wo Shinjite.From her albums? Visumania or Angelique Sky.
3hella obsessed with HanaKana
1Now she's an actual old fart.
2But then again, it could have been just the bag.
7ad for the latest smartphone ?shows movies being watched on shitty portable dvd playerjapan pls
That ZR.
9Ever since Tokyo Ravens where she was together with Kana in the recording, only because Kana told her "Your legs look good", she wears skirts the days she goes together to the recording with her I can only imagine how exited she is in the nisekoi recordingsbe told to hate HanaKana in Psycho Pass 2 as the kouhai that hates senpaibe told to absolutely adore her with the siscon imoutoAnd she was told she will do Haru the time she was told to hate Kana in PP2, "I said Thank you god "
4Futari Wa Jew Noses
5has some pretty nice legs.
PSA: Mai Nakahara is in this week's Danna  126265510
9Her husband was Showtaro Morikubo. Poor guy. He couldn't compete with polygons.
5I watched Coppelion just for her and Maaya Sakamoto as the yangire scissor sisters, and I was not disappointed.
0I want Sawashiro to do a voice in an otome game so I can listen to her sexy low voice calling me koneko-chan as I fall asleep at night.
1Tomato.
Maaya Uchida - Numbers of photobooks released: 1Risa Taneda Numbers of photobooks released: 0Aoi YuukiNumbers of photobooks released: 3Clearly, Aoi is more pretty that people give her credit for on these threads.
9Ignoring your shitty quoting.Who was she in Danna have? cause I know she was in a pervious episode.
5Nakata
9NakataKoyasuChiwaNotoIshidaall regularsMore /a/nons need to watch Keroro.
70 - is this working?pic relatedmiyu matsuki was the other episodic character this time
7also, she wasn't in 9, kotono mitsuishi voiced the mother
8Maaya UchidaDebuted as seiyuu around 2010Risa TanedaDebuted as seiyuu around 2010Aoi YuukiDebuted as seiyuu around 2003 and before that she was a child actress who debuted in 1996Clearly, Aoi has had more time to gain more fans and release photobooks compared to the other 2.
Don't mind me.Just posting some Lewd Lives.
Yuu Kobayashi 2.0
3Aoi is younger than both of them, yet achieved more than either during that timeand more than Anon will ever achieve in his life, for that matter
1rewatching Kaiji S2Yurika Kubo was the girl on the "Proverbs of Kaiji" section, back when she was literally who tier
Is Riho Iida the hottest ugly chick in anime?
6Rippi, why you so lewd.
6It's funny because she looks awkwardDat perfect body though
grab some gravure idols"they are totally seiyuu idols, 100% pure, I swear"Lantis please.
6according to /a/, and i know you would never lie, he would not put it in her ass. Poor guy lost to Edgeworth and Alcohol.
9Nakata will die in your lifetime
61Which μ's is more stacked?
Really good? That's a nobrainer - Tanaka Atsuko.
Why are they so gay?Also translated TE when?
Which seiyuu have the most acting range, in your opinion?Saori Hayami.Who doesn't have a lot of range, but is really good at what they can do?Hiroshi Kamiya. That SoB only have one voice, and I hate to admit it, but he sounds good at any role he played.
5uchiyama yumi
0Pretty sure that's Yuuki, not Hayamin.
0I never implied otherwise.
Who is the more slutty Seiyuu?Nightmare mode: No Aya Hiranus.
0Maaya Uchida.
1I need more RieHOWAITO and Kagura are not enough, there must be more
0who is your favourite spring season girlSugita picks some Hayamin voiced girl in a new phone game
6Sasuga Sugita
63class="quote"last 30 secondsIt's like he attempts to be smooth but spaghetti ensues.
2I need more RieThis Rie?
9Stop.
9pls ;_;
Sakurai for range.
0sora amamiya
4スッキリッキリ
4Tomato's been doing a great job in Oregairu though.
No guest next episode Well damn.
8Aoi Yuuki as a guest again when.She was 19 last time she appeared, she is 23 now.Anigera is fine too.
Ao-chan.
8they should just invite Yasumoto, im sure he would do great on that show.
9Wut.
0雨宮天でスッキリ！
9Go beat off to your idol seiyuu waifu who doesn't have 1/10th Rie's talent.
2She's playing three roles on Kekkai Sensen alone; is that not enough for you?
7When you say three, you mean, black, white and the blood breed inhabiting black or did I miss something?Also yes, not enough. I need her to be on 6 shows at the same time voicing all types of main characters some of which may or may not be tsundere
Best upcoming seiyuu.
7This, she is really underrated
0What's wrong with Google.Is he obsessed with Aoi Yuuki too?
8I've only seen the subbed stuff but any stand out episodes that haven't been subbed yet?
3It happens a lot, google is just dumb.
3Uesaka Sumire's episodeMizuki Nana's episode.
5Kadowaki Mai of course.oppai lolihomonculus lolialchemy lolitactician lolistrike loliretro loliexercise loliBest ever, mai waifu.
3Uesaka Sumire,Nana mizuki, and Miyano mamoru are the only ones i think.
94Sumire one was subbed by anon though? Or am I thinking of a different one? Could have sworn I saw it subbed
1i have not seen any subs, atleast not on Nyaa.
Doing a role of married woman with a married manNo wonder she's depressed.
7Wow, Aoi is so damn adorable.
11Sumire and Miyano were both subbed by anon
- S2 6-30 - S2 7-31 - 
9only one rolegood
6Technically five, if you also count loli White and shota Black.And for the last time, Despair isn't a blood breed; he's a King.
9And for the last time, Despair isn't a blood breed; he's a King.Anime only, so I just assume things.
4gets called out for his bullshitstill downplays the other seiyuuand then pulls out the she's better than you cardWow, since when did Aoi attracted an asshole fan? Keep being an asshole in the name of Aoi and watch people shitpost her more.
Matsuoka and Kayanon should just get married already.
3They should, but MAtsuoka is really Beta, so i'm guessing he is going to get NTR'ed
3that god-tier taste
9Pretty sure I saw the Nana one subbed. Had to register to some random forum I think.
5Implying Ao-chan has been voice acting since 2003 and that being some barely identifiable kid out of 30 on a shitty comedy show helps build a fanbase for a photo book is pretty bullshit though.Her career really started "around 2010" as well. If you're going to bullshit otherwise then you may as well count Tane-chan as starting in 2007 instead of 2012 because of the 5 people that were holding out for her still after Radio Big Bang.
3I don't know why but I'm relieved.
4Oh speaking of her, it's her birthday today.
5No worries; I just try to correct people on this when I can because I see it getting repeated a lot of places and anons getting confused. I think it's there being 13 Elders and 13 Kings throwing everyone off.
, 
What do you guys expect from the new set of Servants? How OP could they possibly be?---So I made a little bit of analysis, then I realized that...oath sign = Command Sealideal white = heaven's feelbrave shine = Heroic Spiritaimer = archer
Doooh, what OP?
Power levelArcherLancerSaberBerserkerRiderCasterAssassinDesignBerserkerLancer=ArcherSaberAssassinCasterRider
I wish they would release actual information about it. They've given us absolutely nothing aside from these Servant teasers.
So, George Washington is in the game right? Or was that just baseless speculation?
5maybe after the next episode7Not really baseless but still a speculation"The Fifth Grail: AD 1783 -- ■■■■■■■■■i Pluribas Unam" -- "The White Cloth of ■■■■■■■"
9Who are Caster/Assassin supposed to be again? I haven't been keeping up much with GO.Nice design taste though.
2why are they naked
0Assassin is Dr. Jekyll, a Berserker in fragmentsCaster is still anyone's guess, current theory are Sweeney Todd/ Mephistoteles/Mad Hatter and i think there was a theory about him being Shaytan.
All the girls in your favorite moe show are now little boy.Do you still like it?
1Nope.
1implying I watch moeshitMoe is for betamax virgins. I only watch alpha shows.
6All of the guys on your shonenshit are now little girls. How much better is the show now?
9AOTY
Meishou Misettei Hatoko] K-Dan! K-On!
9Isn't Free! just K-On but with swimming instead of music?
4Haven't watched Free but I'm guessing there's a lot more swimming than there's music playing in K-On. Just guessing here, so I could be embarrassing myself.
Strike Warlocks doesn't sound right to me.
4For the first half of S1, yes. The rest of that season is drama, although I haven't seen S2.
110/10 Would tap that boy pussy
1mein nigga.
1Would tap.
9
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Will it ever finish /a/?
6Boatmaster Guts has died at sea. His sword wasn't a very good rudder.
6We can only hope
If Mihawk was the protagonist of Berserk, it would end in the eclipse. Mihawk is the strongest swordsman in the world. Everything I said are facts.
6Some people don't really get it, Griffith getting slapped and Guts on the boat is the end of the series but people don't understand this.
6hope fully before Miura die from old age
0Might as well be. When was the last chapter anyway? A year ago? What shitty loli pissing manga is Miura drawing now?
6Never, the ride will never end.
NEXT TIME
6Hopefully never
6No. I've come to terms with it though. I love it for what it is, rather than dwelling on things that won't happen.
BerserkFinish
6Reminder that Berserk went to shit after Golden Age and it will never be as good again. Puck a complete shit.
0I disagree, but you're entitled to your opinion.
2Reminder that Miura will die before they get off the boat
0anime babbie detectedConviction is amazing. From then on I agree, it becomes utter shit
0anime babbie detected I didn't even watch the anime 
7implying anyone still needs a reminder
6I have hope that Guts will get off that boat someday.
0I don't agree. everything after golden age to conviction are my favorite.
It's been 244 days since the last chapter. Why Miura?
2Not the longest wait between chapters so far.
2I know, the wait between the Guts flashback arc and the reveal of Falconia was over a year. OR was it two years? I know people started to worry Miura had died and contacted Animal directly.
0Even by Omission Calling Lost Children shitIt's like you didn't even read it.
2
6It will finish if Miura adopts the pace of Miyazaki and works 10 hours a day every day of the week except Sunday and focuses solely on Berserk.That's the only way.
0Utterly wrong.
6Everyday that goes by slightly increases the chance it will never finish. Idk what's worse, it just abruptly ending or a profits-driven company getting the rights and making a cheap-DBZ-action-packed rip off.
0implying Lost Children isn't the tightest shit
Why doesn't Miura just have someone else write the story for him instead of having it unfinished?inb4 Miura enjoys our suffering
6There is something fatally wrong with how manga is written. I mean most people when writting something actually take time to at least make a complete story before publishing it. 20 year old manga might just stop at some point. And that just sucks.
you will never get to read berserk for the first time ever againHonestly i think he's probably burned out writing and drawing all that shit. Everyone reaches a breaking point right?
1inb4 Miura enjoys our sufferingMiura is causing untold suffering with his hiatus in order to call the Godhand into this world.
2I bet he reads this shit and enjoys our suffering
They've been on a boat for over 7 years
1
1this will become true before a new chapter is released
Tsubaki best girl.
2Can someone explain to me how to carry an unconscious person piggy back style?Because from what I remember, you need to hang on to the person carrying you
2 You bend your body enough for them to lay on your back without falling.
7should be simple for slouching /a/nons
8 I guess. Though I don't get how skinny faggot MCs can do it so easily, unless Japanese women are light as fuck. Last time I tried to carry someone piggy back style it was heavy as fuck and my back was hurting a lot.
8unless Japanese women are light as fuckding ding ding.Have carried my cousin often when we were younger, and a couple other girls on other occasions. Japan girls weigh very little usually. I have had book bags heavier.
I liked cancer girl better
I want to gangbang the Chuu2s with /a/!
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Do you think Endless Eight is better than The The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan
Yes
6Of course.
Anything is better than Yuki-chan.
6Endless 8 is the best part of everything related to Haruhi, except the movie. Not that the rest is bad.
6Making such comparisons is pointless and stupid.
Yes.
6yes
6Yes. It's certainly more creative and watchable.
I loved endless eight and all, but I also really like Yuki-chan.
6No Yuki-chan is moe
Without a doubt.
Why does she sit like that?
6Yes, but I will admit that they both rustled my jimmies.
7Maybe your butt hurts?
Yuki-Chan is the best thing in the Haruhi franchise. Haruhi's annoying shit get pushed to one page a chapter, Yuki has a personality, Mikuru isn't there, and Kyon isn't just being a complaint dispenser 24/7
6Anyone with a brain would find it hard to argue that it isn't.
0Yuki has a personality
6No. Endless Eight doesn't have Asakura, Tsuruya or Sasaki.
6Certainly more popular.
Probably, at least it was creative and innovative. Even if it was arguably a retarded idea, at least they took a risk and tried to do something interesting, unlike Yuki-chan which is about as safe and generic as it gets.
6KYONKUNDENWAKYONKUNDENWAKYONKUNDENWAKYONKUNDENWAKYONKUNDENWAKYONKUNDENWAKYONKUNDENWAKYONKUNDENWA
6Yes
Why did anime stop being "real"?Did the trend just go out of fashion?I can't recall the last series that affected me on some emotional level, whether it made me feel happy,sad, anger.Enjoyment is a cheap pleasure, and I definitely find it in the shows I watch, but Its been too long since I've been emotionally invested in something.For instance, I just watched Macross Frontier, and while I think on the whole, it was just "alright" it definitely had moment that made me feel something, something more than just enjoyment, and I realized I haven't felt that way in some time.Am I out of touch, or is it the industry and that is wrong?
anime is actually more real than it was before what with all the SoLs and lack of fantasy and sci-fi.and that's bad
You're just growing out of anime.Find a new hobby, make friends. 7It's not just anime; just look at videogames: "it's too videogamey" is a valid criticism now.
I watched Penguindrum recently, and it moved me.I guess it's uhhh, 4 years old now though.
Anime was never real.They're cartoons.
6Anime isn't on the level of games They still have more colors than just brown, they're characters are still quirky as hell, and even their "serious" series is still over the top in such a way that it's ridiculous as it should.Only difference between the then and now is that nowadays anime is adapting shitty LNs instead of glorious manga and kid's toys
4Maybe read mangas.
6You're just growing out of anime.but I said I just watched Macross Frontier, and it invoked an emotional response from me.even the "serious" or "mature" series of late tend to lack any sort of emotional impact, something as simple as a death of a close friend, or the sadness of a broken heart isn't being conveyed with enough emotion it seems
For instance, I just watched Macross Frontier, and while I think on the whole, it was just "alright" it definitely had moment that made me feel something, something more than just enjoyment, and I realized I haven't felt that way in some time.I sort of got this when I watched it back in like January, too, but I think the reason was the opposite of it being "real." It was just bright colors and pretty J-pop making me feel things. I was emotional invested, but it felt cheaper than a lot of shows that I didn't get emotionally invested in.
"anime" and "real" shouldn't be used in the same sentencenot past anime, not present anime, and especially not future anime.
4You had a chance to make anime real.Now live with the consequences.
Kekkai Sensen was doing wonders for meand before that Tatami Galaxyso I don't understand your problem
8episodic shounen shita 5year old seriesI don't understand you, anon
Got bored half-way through watching Macrossprobably will watch the other half for compulsory sake and because I need to to watch the one make by Watanabe.
6Is Rand not an option for this?
4Shounen it may be but it's still pretty greatalso the cut-off point for old anime is the 90s or when anime went digital. So I can count it.
4You died and are now in hell, enjoy your stay.
Grisaia is pretty good. I love it, it's probably my favorite of this season.
What Miyazaki said.
You have to realize that 95% of anime is made to sell. Not to tell a deep story, but to sell merchandise and other shit.The stuff that envokes an emotional response is few and far between because it's not made to pander to the otaku waifufags. It's why we don't see thousands of Atashi figures, or tons of Nagisa figures, but we still get K-On merch 7 years later.Face it; it's not a hobby of "deep emotional stories". No medium is, not even literature. It's all commodified to sell.
45 years is not a long timeanon, I think you're out of touch with time.5 years is half a decade, almost a quarter of your lifehopefully, how can you not say something that was released 5 years ago isn't "old", it's not even topical anymore
5 year maybe like 50 years for you underage b&But people has been saying "anime is dead" way before TG was even PV'd. Saying it's an old anime and therefore doesn't count is just moving the goalposts at that point.Later I will bring up BBB again and people will say "yeah that was a good anime but that was made 5000 years ago, what has anime made lately?" You bet your ass they will.
2I mean, I would personally say Frontier was "pandering" to a certain extent, it certainly embraced the modern business model.but yet you still get moments like truly make me "feel" somehting
4Take a break. Find something else to fill your time with. When you come back, watch a show that you really got into in the past. Or maybe this is reflective of your life and it's that you need to take a look at instead of anime?7more realsettings are more real, but characters pander more and more to archetypes and do not behave like people
1nah anime characters usually are archetypes except in the more serious anime. though there is probably less archetypes you like like the lucky airhead, or the spastic comedy relief and more archetypes you don't like the tsundere.
4he isn't watching Hibike
6HibikeNot a by-the-numbers KyoAni SOL drama starring the usual cookie-cutter archetypes
1They made it an anime? Damn I didn't know. Amane's arc was great.
9implying any of the characters fit solidly into a single archetypeHazuki and Midori are sort of bland, yeah, but I'm honestly getting the impression that you really haven't watched it.
4Stop being a faggot or find a new hobby.
8OP here, I actually am watching Hibike, but so far the only thing that got me was when they preformed Rydeen during the marching band episode, they really nailed that sort of proud attitude you feel when preforming in front of a crowd
6Well, maybe you just have anhedonia or something. Or maybe you've developed a complex about not enjoying things enough, and time pressure and whatnot. I can't really help you on either front, since all that went away when I became a NEET.
4Stop browsing /a/ and you might enjoy new things again.
Nice blog
9It really isn't you are missing all the subtleties if you think that. Kumiko's attitude is entirely different than your usual female MC in that kind of show. She is fairly cynical and detached in a realistic fashion beneath the exterior.
1Basically, the industry is filled with otaku and they don't base characters off of real people and experiences, but rather have an aversion to such things. None of it seems authentic to you and thus it doesn't affect you.Search for 'stronger' stuff and not necessarily just anime. According to Japanese Colonel Sanders and the rest of the grumpy old animators brigade, you need to live life too.
6Basically, the industry is filled with otaku and they don't base characters off of real people and experiences, but rather have an aversion to such things. None of it seems authentic to you and thus it doesn't affect you.Why do people think that's bad? I mean, it's just a different form to explore fiction.
4almost a quarter of your lifehopefullyFuck off.
9I can't think of a show more generic than Frontier that I've enjoyed as much.
You're jaded. Take a break and come back later.6otaku and they don't base characters off of real people and experiencesThis is more about the actual animation not about the writing. Hardly any TV anime shows are original anyway and are adaptations. 4There's nothing wrong with making weird ass characters that not based off real people. It's just more escapism, just some people can't enjoy it and need to heavily relate to something to enjoy it.
Yuri Kuma Arashi and Hibike Euphonium have saved anime.
4I don't know how true the claim is, but the assertion is that the industry is currently run by people who are nothing more than anime otaku, as opposed to people from past decades who might've had other interests such as western SF, toku, etc. This leads to modern shows not being the result of varied influences, but rather just tepid, uninspired imitations of older anime running purely on the idea that the viewer recognizes those cliches and enjoys seeing them. I think you can see some of that in some shows, but I certainly don't believe it applies to all shows, and western nerd-targeted media is just as guilty of it at times.
4Why do people think that's bad? I mean, it's just a different form to explore fictionTrue, but look at LNs, written by otaku and almost all follow the same path/formula.
8Your description is exactly what's been happening with the VN industry. In the very late 90s - early 2000s there was an insane variety of genres and people went crazy with their liberty to do whatever, now we have the same high school slice of life VNs every month. The market gets smaller and smaller everyday. I wonder if it's an overall trend in otaku culture.
You've gone from watching acknowledged classics to watching seasonal shows. Anime that jump out have always been atypical, but when you start getting into it you're getting the best of Japan's output, not every series from a certain year.Though honestly I think the shift to 1-cour series hurts. Hard to really feel for a character you've known for so few episodes.
4it's just a different form to explore fictionNot when people are only taking inspiration for the same things.
Why can't anime give me the same emotional satisfaction that a single episode of Game of Thrones can?
3I don't know how true the claim is, but the assertion is that the industry is currently run by people who are nothing more than anime otaku, as opposed to people from past decades who might've had other interests such as western SF, toku, etc. This leads to modern shows not being the result of varied influences, but rather just tepid, uninspired imitations of older anime running purely on the idea that the viewer recognizes those cliches and enjoys seeing them.Because they can not satisfy your cuck fetish?
3
4Why would I want to enjoy fiction that has no emotional substance? inb4 stop watching anime, there are plenty of shows that have impacted me emotionally1The writing for most shows nowadays is pretty bad, and a lot of it comes from adapting poor source material. LNs, VNs, and some manga manga is so much more diverse a medium than VNs and LNs that I don't want to generalize aren't exactly meant to wow literary critics. I hate to bring up Ping Pong, but it was a great manga by an incredibly acclaimed mangaka, directed by one of the most innovative and original directors who is still actually making anime. There's a reason it was so good.3the shift to 1-cour series hurts. Hard to really feel for a character you've known for so few episodesI agree 100%
4I can't recall the last series that affected me on some emotional level, whether it made me feel happy,sad, anger.You sound like a teenager going through an existential phase. Emotional investment isn't an intellectual pursuit. It relies more on watching/viewing/reading/listening and being immersed in something and being able to relate and empathise. Explore life more and you will have a greater pool of experience to relate to a wider range of anime. Since that takes time, go watch のんのんびより in the meanwhile and tell me it doesn't stir something inside you. 下げる。
4See: the problem isn't with the medium it is with you. There is a term for people who cannot become emotionally attached to something unless it is some "mature anime for mature people", and it is "shallow".
6Nah, I kind of understand where he's coming from. I used to feel the same way about games where I found myself simply not enjoying the medium any longer and couldn't understand why; I really thought I'd grown out of it.But then a lot of the classics and even some relatively old games were remastered, and when I came back to replay these, I found that I hadn't really "gotten old." Games had just gotten shittier over the years, and I'd stopped having fun with them as a result.
Why did X stop being "real"?
4getting emotionally attached to characters when there is actually no plot relevant storyyeah nawh "mature anime for mature people"counter point, I'm also watching F/SN and I feel nothing either, specifically because of the lack of impact or emotional attachment to any of the characters
9It's a trend in all media and all cultures. A new format comes out and people run wild with it. Eventually, people get down what works best in that format and create a formula of sorts as to what things work best. Then other people see the success of these things, and decide that they want to make the same kind of stuff. Eventually, the market gets saturated, and people get sick of it and stop buying it. Then the medium ramps down until something gets popular and a new popular style is born.
3that was like the only good episode in awhile
8Like 2 seasons awhile
4It's the fundamental myth of the weeaboo, the one we all learned if we got into anime as kids, that Western cartoons are for BABIES but anime is MATURE WORKS OF ART
8I'm not sure how you can get attached to Kekkai, some shitty sibling back story with generic MC?
6Any medium has the potential to be an emotionally impactful work of art. western cartoons simply haven't been known to do it due to the state of the industry.
4They still have more colors than just brown, they're characters are still quirky as hell, and even their "serious" series is still over the top in such a way that it's ridiculous as it should.Fuck off and go kill yourself right now.You colorful rainbow diarrhea faggots are the worst people to ever exist on 4chan. Setting/Game/Anime/Movie/Whatever was not bad because it was "brown" or "grimdark", it was bad because it had bad story, gameplay, characterezation or whatever.Tone of the setting can be literally anything that the writer wants, even the edgiest and darkest thing ever. Any opinion other than this is SJW tier all things should be like things that I like
4Anime is now trying to appeal more to a mainstream crowd, notice how all the plots are identical now and they are using a lot of common tropes that would typically be in western shows.Essentially, studios want the normie crowds now since that's where big money is and are trying to emulate the success of Shingeki, it's sickening really.
8Your opinion is just as wrong and even more aggressively stupid than that of the guy you are responding to. The color palate is important, just like any other aspect of a work. And while you are correct that any color palate can be used, it should match the tone of a work. Additionally, I think that anon was trying to make a connection of sorts between formulaic anime plotlines and the popular grimdark settings and stories that most AAA video games have in the west.
4The problem is you, call me a faggot, but the vast majority of anime I watch, affect me on an emotional level, I'd say it's the main reason I enjoy this hobby so much.
9And while you are correct that any color palate can be used, it should match the tone of a work.No. You could use different colour palate if you try to achieve some sort of a unique effect, like grimdark color palate in a comedy game that takes place in underworld or hyper colourful palate in a crazy dystopian world where everyone is forced to look happy at all times. Artist has full freedom to do anything he wants, doesn't mean it will turn out good but it might.
8Ok, but using a grimdark palate in a comedy affects how the comedy comes across. That's part of the tone itself. Also, I'm not saying that people shouldn't try shit. Do whatever you want. I'm just talking about being effective.
4Why did fiction stop being "real"?FictionRealDuuuh
, 
Give me four good reasons why I should watch this
Fuck off
5
why would I
5
"no"
5Fuck you
ITT: Best opening of a respective series.
Forgot this
2

Naruto is shit but I'll always love this OP
Not OP but ED
2For cinematography or music?
8
2
1I actually liked the third op better
Since all the openings of FMAB are good, I went with the obvious best ending.
1Im not sure there are any Gintama ops that are outright bad.
4Those animated city/build backgrounds. Those are awesome Yu Yu's second OP had them 
Back when you could make a semi-reasonable argument for Bleach being good
Even though the anime was shit, this OP was god tier.
1Once, four folks arose from the fires of Helland awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.Their ambition for power assembledthe blood of a few bombastic braves.But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood,shot a sly smirk at his destined demise.He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger!He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced!And his memory would live on for all posterity!He’s like a bloody storm!Red-hot like a bloody stone,but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family?Who can say, but the bonds of these braveswill never be buried.
5Not rolling star or after the dark
5Good times. Back when I didn't know what bleach was in for.
2This gives me nostalgia
2class="quote"And so the stardust gathers togethercalled by his waking after one hundred yearsThe men face onwardson a journey to overcome the sands of timeStretching out like a chain, karma becomes intertwined:a destiny to end it all with platinum lightStand up! Stand up! Stand up!What I’ll fire off are-All right now! All right now! All right now!-bullets of my pride!Break you down! Break you down! Break you down!This sacred vision, firing its fists, stands proud!
What's next? Is he going to absorb Aizen and become Perfect Yhwach?
implying Aizen won't let himself get absorbedimplying that wasn't Aizen's plan all along
6He's gonna killed Nuclear Throne.
Juha has already achieved power beyond aizen.This is the problem though, as juhas powers are over a large amount of things, where aizens is just power over himself. In combat, aizen is still more powerful, but overall, he's not
He's going to get the rinnegan of course
He touched the eldritch wisdom
He is gonna get another powerup and then make another castle so Kubo can make another 20 chapters of Ichigo's party finding a way to reach it.
Holy Shit the Hype is real BIC are the best friends possible.
9President-san!!!!!!
5The hype! Will the justice in president's heart prevail?!
Body Improvement Club is the best. Want to join a real life version of that club. I would do my best like mob.
Welcome to /a/cademy city!
0Angels are attacking.
2I got this shit. Target locked on.
2angelsrealimplying the chairman of AC wouldn't nuke that thing to kingdom come in like five minutesreminder we kicked the hell out of the rest of the world not to long ago.them and their shit espers, fuck their constructs.
2This again?
0Use a better image you pleb.
are you guys literally roleplaying?
9Hey, Espers are not shit! I'll have you know that Level 5s like me are extremely powerful!
2Apparently, but that's as much as you can expect from Index kids.
9shit espersJust how shit are we talking, here?
2like level 1's.6kakine plz, you being exploded by the accelerator is all over espertube, actually how in the actual hell are you posting online anyways?
1It's obviously beetle Kakine.
1W-what, you think I'm that psycho? I'll shock you for that!
9AC was retconned, now with a SPACE ELEVATOROr, like some flower girl said: it wasn't in view.
Is there a better modern anime composer than Sawano?
Kill yourself. Well, at least you didn't post Iwasaki.
3His music all sound the same.
3Just looked at his wikipage and it seems like 90% of his works are trash, the best composer is forever Yuki Kajiura.
1KajiuraAs shitty as Sawano.
1Just as bad.
Tatsuya Kato
62Name a better composer then m8, enough of this back and forth shit.
3Read 7
3Yoko Kanno
7He's new hotness. Him and Hayashi Yuuki.
762Tatsuya KatoGoodAll his shit sounds the same.
25It's almost like they do a particular style very well and studios hire them when that's the style they want.
5At least he works with different styles, Kajiura and Sawano music sure sound the same.
Taisei Iwasaki has only composed one soundtrack so far and it already sounds better than all of the generic shit Sawano makes.
5No it doesn't.
3dai
Sagisu Shiro
Oshima Michiru probably has one of the more Classical/Western flair in her music
Yokoyama MasaruKaoru Wada
pretty shit m8
Yoko Kanno
5Like Kajiura
No love for the chant master?
3he peaked at Unicorn
7This is completely fine until the rap comes in
Akiko Shikata is better.As well as Dai, Luck Ganriki. Umineko's music is godlike
2This
7Fuck you, Iwasaki is great
Michiru Yamane is god like. Though she didn't dig anime...
Yasuharu Takanashi
Will this ditz ever invade anything?
0She invade Splatoon
0she has invaded the kokoro of many anons
0Who is this Orifice Invader ?
1YOU'RE
1
I'd invade Ika if you know what I mean
0And neither will Keroro, so it is something they will have to deal with
0Your heart.
0Your anus
0I want her to bear my spawn, so a hundred little Ika's can adventure out into the wild, under Mother Nature's cruel existence.
0She invaded my heart.
9Does she lay eggs?
ctrl+f my dick0 results
1Keroro has, like, one building somewhere in town! And a small desert island!
4That sounds painful.
1I was going to say that you fucker.jap onlyI mad.
0She's already invaded my heart.And my pants.
I just hope the DLC comes in NA.
2They'll do what Capcom did with the exclusive crossover DLC for Monster Hunter. Reskin it, make it look horrible and say all is well because you're still getting extra content.
2
5Remember this?Neither do I.
1She invade SplatoonCome to U.S. shores!
9Japan, along with the rest of the world, doesn't really give a shit about Clapistan.
3If that's true, why won't the rest of the world shut the fuck up about it? I've gotten real tired of hearing about it all the time and I live here for pete's sake.
0Crazy Diamond and Harvest skinsWhy does Capcom love stomping on our hopes and dreams?
1There's also Inuyasha, Shingeki no Kyojin, as well as other items that were very lazily reskinned to be unrecognizable before being released for NA/EU.
3Was going to post this.
30Yeah, I clicked on the thread to say this too.
7kids saw an upskirt of herI will never experience this
9You know it's just her regular swimsuit under there.The way she fell though probably gave them a perfect shot of her ass and cameltoe though.
Do you actually need the protag to be as generic as possible in order to enjoy an anime?
5People need something they can easily self insert into.
Yes. That's the only way you can self-insert properly.
5Fucking japs and their muh self insert.
20I was waiting for this excuse.This implies that you can't engage in waifu wars unless you're self inserting. That's definitely not the case. There are countless examples against this.
5Do I? Fuck no, I'll take an MC with actual character over a bland self insert any day.Do Otaku? Yes.
1The majority of the MC's in that pic are from haremshit. Haremshit is made for self-insertion. If you watch it for any other reason you're doing it wrong.
Makoto Itou is boringnigga
5makoto from school daysokay
5I find hot blooded protagonists more fun than boring, one dimensional whipped characters, if they are a delinquent MC it makes everything fun too.
5because some Nip Author's can't into Character Development, so they just take the lazy route and make Generic Protag's and hope that the Fanservice will be enough to sell.
5My husbando is none of these sluts, so no.
1970-1990popular anime MCs:middle aged menmanly menperverted middle aged menchristmas cakeshard working/persistent yet dumb guys as MC 1990-1999popular anime MCs:hard working/persistent yet dumb guys manly menhot blooded men/boysperverted menboy nerdslittle girls1999-2005genius/intellectually superior men as MCs started becoming mainstream2005-onwardscharacters that would be the token genius asshole of the early 90s anime are now becoming mainstream.what the fuck happened /a/?
5It doesn't get any better than Genki MCs.
5I want Christmas cakes to become popular again. What was the last anime to even feature a Christmas cake MC anyway?
5Where's Shinji
chobitsboring
5School DayBoring MCI shiggy diggy do.
But the Zero no Tsukaima guy had some balls and snark to him.
5Makoto has all the personality and charm of this character right here.He isn't even charming. Or interesting. The girls like him because his lolgenes. Overflow can't write worth a damn. If he was handsome and with a good personality I would believe women throwing themselves at him, but he has none of that. Not to mention he is also a closet homo.
Whoever made that pic obviously just googled generic anime MCs and doesn't even know a quarter of those people.
9I think that you are watching School Days for very different reasons than I am.
6If I want people midnlessly fucking, I will go to an actual ero anime or nukige.
5TomokiBoringGenericPick one.
9Droopy has plenty of personality and charm you piece of shit
5Sugisaki KengenericI don't think you watched that show.
5I will concede that he has more charm than Makoto.
1The reason is that pic related is fun
5K1boringWhat the fuck is this shit?I hate neo-/a/.
5YuuichiKeiichiSugisakiGenericThey all had weird as shit quirks to them, though. You have a rather broad definition of what constitutes for generic.
91ComradesDon't talk shit about based Ken
Because MCs without remarkable feats are the best MCs.Pic related.
5If protagonist isn't generic then he's called gary stu here.
