, 
, 
, 
Yfw haki has been referenced multiple times since East Blue saga
Wasn't he suggesting that Mihawk had a devil fruit?
6Mihawk's sword is perpetually black because it's constantly being coated with the blood of Congolese
6well if that translation is accurate, he's calling one a 'strange power' and the other a 'weird ability'
6He was talking about distance cuts like Zolo's phoenix
1zolo
6He was, but he's just a hick from East Blue who thinks he can traverse the Grand Line with an old geezer's diary. I'm more implicating that Oda was hinting at something greater at the time.Also Mihawk's line, "My black sword" could work as well, but that's more of a stretch since black swords are a thing, what with Shusui's introduction.It still stands that he'd have to use a weird power to cut the ship in half. Much like pic related, I'm sure it was just invisible. Also, chapter 1.
7being this assblasted over a joke
Blackbeard made first mention of haki when he saw luffy wanted poster, no?
6Luffy picked out the correct Mr. 3 clone using CoO.Cutting rock and iron and listening to the material of things might be some combination of CoO and CoA
6No, because he understand that even a Devil Fruit user is nothing special compared to Mihawk's power.
3He used badassery. Remember when zoro got on the wrong ship In sabody? Same thing.
1Zolo's phoenixZoloPic relatedphoenixOkay what
3assblasted.
3Shanks could have been there minutes earlier but decided to walk or wait for a cool time to make his appearanceit's a good thing Coby's pants are black; he probably shit out his intestines right then
2probably means Pound Hou
5But the magma should move around his sword and warp it what with being a viscous solidUnless it had haki coating which defies all of nature and logic
2108 pound pheonix, you new to the series friend
3I'm going to pretend to be an idiot and argue with those who reply./b/
6Oda planned to drop some foreshadowing for CoC at Loguetown, but he cut it, it wound up in his authorized light novel adaptation of the arc released in 2000. A palm reader looks at Luffy's hand and tells him he has the mark of the king in a really similar reading to Haoshoku Haki
4Jesus kid, did you just shit yourself?uhg... You killed the whole goddamn mood...y'know what? Fuck Absolute Justice today... Go change your underwear... I gotta go rethink my life...fucking ace guts on my sleeve... Christ..
1Zolo
0how new r uNah just drunk. I had forgotten about that attack honestly. I'm re-reading for now, so it was the choice of the op.
There's a brief moment during the Zoro vs Mr.1 fight where Haki is kind of foreshadowed but I might be remembering wrong.
5I think that's just one of those shounen/ don't read into it type deals.
0That sounds suspiciously familiar.D: Odacchi, hello! I totally just decided to randomly read Luffy's palms without permission or being asked to!And so guess what I found out!!Turns out he has THE CONQUERER'S PALM, aka the "MASUKAKE LINE"!!!Everything I looked up about his palm lines are literally straight up Luffy's personality! Now his Haoshoku Haki makes sense too! That's our Odacchi!!To think that you even went as far as taking his palm lines into account when developing him as a character... absolutely incredible!!! P.N. tauteniKimiO: ...... ...... w... WELL OBVIOUSLY? sweats profuselyThat's right, I always take care to take even a character's p... p... palm lines into account when I design them. You see, I thought this just had to be the line that best suited Luffy! mosu... Masukake Line!? You're absolutely correct, I'm amazed you even noticed!
3I was wrong about it being haki so now I'll desperately shitpost
0at forumsI refuse to register an account, would you archive the source please?
0basically there's Shanks in Vol. 1King's Ambition *should* be in Vol. 11 Zoro finding 'breath' in Vol. 21Mention of 'Haki' in 25.Mantra in 26 Hearing the 'voices of all things' in 32"Wow, that's pretty well planned out.Oda da god.
2vlad the implyer thinks I'm the OPgoalposts now have legs
0Which sbs is that?
4Turns out he has THE CONQUERER'S PALM, aka the "MASUKAKE LINE"!!!Volume 77
4Volume 77, SBS can get weirder than that.
7The end of the post chain isn't even related to the op reallyOP here, HOLY shit! Pic related.
Lucci is good boy.
9its not behinfd their stupid spoiler wall so you dont need one
8I'm the OP
32Thanks guys. That's pretty cool. The best part about one piece is the attention to details.In my re-read I've noticed the monkey guy in Shanks' crew, sans the monkey.
2D: Odacchi. I love your manga. I have a question. What happens if Chopper eats four Rumble Balls? I've always wondered about that. Draw a picture, please. Nickname: Hama-chanO: Very good, sir. → When he eats three, his Devil Fruit Powers go wild, but if he eats FOUR Rumble Balls, the author goes wild.Chopper: It's on me, I insist catchphrase
6
9Checked. The post is neat, thanks for letting me know I can see it! Why do they do that wtf...0OP here, pics or it didn't happen.
4You got me
Posting best OP.
1Real best op coming through
6
6He was talking about that power all swordsmen have that let's them do crazy shit. You know, the thing Brook mentioned. Can't remember what it was called, but I'm pretty sure that's what Krieg was talking about.
My god.
1I have no idea what you're on about but I'm both intrigued and too lazy to look it up. This is a problem.
I could have sworn Krieg was in denial of Mihawk being able to slice the ship in half without a Devil Fruit. Like he insisted he had to have one.
1Brook called it the "power of destruction", and funny enough despite saying his swordsmanship was different from theirs, he was shown "shooting" his blade attacks like Ryuma's zombie did after the timeskip on Punk Hazard.Brook now also has the "power if destruction" in his blade, putting him on Skypiea Zoro level or higher.
2Sorry, have to link the wiki because I had no idea what the fuck it was called.class="quote"Power of Destruction
13See3Krieg was talking about devil fruit powers, as he had just seen Luffy use his.It's more implications of a bigger picture in the OP.
copypasta from APMy understanding of Japanese language is next to nothing but....Nikyu Nikyu no Mi doesn't even make sense. The DF's may be a combination of numbers but they're all a combination of two different sets. I'm guessing one set of numerals is the traditional while the other set is the newer/common language?Nikyu is a combination but from the same set.Is there any Japanese speakers or people that study Japanese that can elaborate on this?As someone posted earlier:is 2.9So we have 2 from the native Japanese reading fu and SinoJapanese niwe also have 9 from the native Japanese reading ko and SinoJapanese kyu or kuBoth "ni" and "kyu" are from the SinoJapanese and not a combination with the native reading.Also IIRC Kin'emon DF could be Fuku Fuku no Mi clothes-clothes fruit which fits the popular theory.However, Kin'emon never struck me as being the next nakama and we already have a katana wielding swordsmen in the crew.The problem is its a faulty assumption that because he might have the fuku fuku no mi that he will have it at the time of person who joins the crew.Or maybe an existing member eats the DF.Of course that relies on Kin'emon dying. I mean he's a samurai from Wano so I could see an "honorable death" happening and given Moriah's warning about Kaido slaughtering his entire crew, I don't think that's out of the range of possibility.I guess I could see Nami eating the fruit? Of the current non-DF users in the crew: Franky wants to keep the ability to swim, Sanji wanted the invisibility fruit and is better suited as lifeguard with his bluewalk, I don't recall Zoro or Usopp indicating anything, but I could see Nami. It's kind of a novelty ability so far, so its not like it'd change her fighting style/weather science stuff.That's assuming someone currently in the crew eats the fruit and not someone else.
9Power of DestructionHaki is listed as an exampleWell even Axe Hand Morgan had it then, as he was able to split a fence and stone wall clean in two.
9that wiki's description, luffy has it too, with his red hawk and thor elephant gun, breaking steel with his bare hands, super strength, etc.where were all of those things listed as a part of the power of destruction, brook only mentioned it on thriller bark and nobody has used the term since, its just the wiki fanwanking stuff
9Appreciated.
8Brook has actually gotten strong as fuck since the timeskip.
3Was he using CoC as a weapon there? Coby fainted the same way weak willed people do when exposed to that kind of Haki
0That and before the timeskip Brook was already pretty beast, just didn't have the time to show it. Being able to tango with Ryuma for a couple of minutes and moving fast enough to run on water easily puts him above Skypea, even if he can't cut steel.
5The way Oda answered that question means that the theory is definitely true, so there will be at most one more devil fruit user joining to fill the pattern, and Kin'emon is now a very strong possibility...
3I remember the wiki admin coming to the one piece threads a couple of months or so ago and asking a thread opinion poll on whether he should officially list Sanji as dead or not to appease the jokesters who kept changing the wiki to say he was deadcaving into pressure to be cool faggot
1Nah, pretty sure Coby fainted from terror. He was pissing his pants. Besides, Shanks knows how to control his CoC
2His swordsmanship didn't have the power to shoot projectile air slashes which Zoro first learned on Skypiea, that's why I said that current Brook is at the very least stronger than that version of Zoro
3Not MomoA pink dragon has been inferred since the Groggy Ring chapter color spread.
3What about Monet's or Caesar's ? Just so we can cross it off the list for good.
3The problem is assuming the Kin'emon will still have the fruit. I could really see him dying because of Kaido.Maybe the next crew member eats his fruit? Or maybe an already existing member like Nami?I don't think those possibilities should be ruled out especially when fruit transference has been observed a few times now.
13Don't know about all the other shit, but all I'm saying is the "strange power" Krieg was talking about was the swordsman power Brook mentioned.
0Oda did say certain future crew members would join successively, could he have meant both Kin and Momo!? Momo has an artificial fruit with no name so he wouldn't break the pattern if he joined either...
2Shanks knows how to control his hakiPurposefully damages Whitebeard's ship because he canNah, I think it's more of a neutral effect. Coby is a good example, as he's been exposed to the aura for a long time, what with being around Garp and Luffy.
8A character dying in One Piece, there is literally a less than 5% chance of that, maybe even only 1%.
awakened Luffy, Robin, Chopper & Brook. Discuss.
8introduce character with powers that fit Oda's silly word gamedevelop character to possibly fit with the crewkill him and have another character inherit his powersWhy would this ever happen?
5Swordsman powerLOL no. Volume 6. He's mentioning a devil fruit power in relation to Mihawk. The op is misleading on purpose to spur conversation, but go reference your claim, please.
4I'm thinking Doffy was just extrapolating based off what his own awakening can do, because if all Paramecia awakened the same way, the Ope Ope would awaken and have the exact same abilities as normal.
4brook has already awokendiscus toss
1Shanks walked alone into the ship of the World's Strongest Man. Obviously he was gonna be intimidating as all hell. And I don't think you realise how CoC works. It's not a continuous stream, 24/7. The first time he would have seen it is in Marineford. Besides, Shanks doesn't even have a reason to make Coby faint.
5Kin has had unique one-on-one interactions with Zoro, Nami, Sanji, and Brook, I can see that as maybe Oda setting him up for membership. Momo similarly has Luffy, Nami, Sanji, and Brook interactions.
4Awakened LuffyEverything is a bounce houseAwakened RobinEverything is a massive orgyAwakened ChopperMonster pointAwakened BrookSoul King abilitiesWhat more is there beyond that?
8He has less death flags than Bellamy, Doffy and Law combined. Dafuq are you talking about ? Did I miss something ?
8The first time Shanks used CoC was MarinefordNot Romance DawnNot when he meets WhitebeardBut fucking MarinefordHe used CoA in Marineford.
1Dafuq are you talking about ?A pun on Japanese spelling and lettering.
4Luffy awakensCan grab an object person; making it/them temporarily rubberuses it to spike enemies away like footballstoss nakama around like he's bowlingcan rubberize and Haki the ground/buildings around him
4Because Kaido.See Moriah.5Kin'emon was never developed as a character to fit with the crew. His whole purpose is contained within the ongoing Kaido saga. Kin'emon is a samurai from Wano which is basically Japan in OP, he's not above honorable death.And really, if Oda killed someone off, who do you think it'd be? Law? Jinbe?Kin'emon seems about the right level of importance in the series. Kaido slaughtered Moriah's crew, I'd probably listen closely to Moriah's warning back in Thriller Bark.
8Half of whiteboards crew collapsed because shanks asked nicely then.
1To be fair, unlike those three, he got next to no screentime this arc, in Wano, there could be death flags but it seems unlikely he'll die since Oda's hiding his fruit name for a reason, I think, to hide that he's the next crew member.
8Are you baiting me ? Did you even read what I was talking about ? Seriously, what the fuck, man.
0Perfect.Oda setting him up for membershippssh, we already have a katana-wielding swordsmen in the crew. Kin'emon will never join so long as Zoro exists.
4I assume Luffy's awakened power would be that his power functions more like Mr. Fantastic than the normal way, meaning that he would have free control of when he stretched instead of manipulating physics and his body's unique abilities to fight.Chopper may be able to choose which parts of his body have which point. For example, horn, arm, and leg point all at once without entering monster point.
1I thought Moriah's warning was fulfilled by Ace's death and Luffy subsequently holding off on going to the New World because he knew Moriah was right and that they weren't prepared.
6They said there was a certain amount of people that had the abilty to change into animals in the albasta ark
5I don't see how that relates to Kinemon dying. At all.
9Chopper becomes an actual deer and runs off.
08723371stfu fags
3monster point is choppers awakeningthe strawhats learn more about awakening and learn that the rumble balls allow chopper to use hischopper creates rumble balls for luffy robin and brookthis actually sounds cool
4 see rules new guy
6needing Haki to cut a shitty boatWho the hell do you think Mihawk is?
4Wouldn't it be the opposite, he becomes an actual man?
5They said only 5 fruits were discovered that allowed flight. Not sure what you're referring to.
5If true though, then Chopper becomes even weaker comparatively if he already got his special power-up and is only this strong
5If they all eat 2-3 in a short amount of time, they go berserkSkeletal Army vs Clones vs Rubber Objects ensues
0Would you consider Gomu-Gomu 4th Gear to be one? If so, that at least makes 6 fruits.LafayettePellShikiWho else?
3
8Well, he is a zoan, after all. And a really shit one at that. Just a normal human. I think awakened zoans just get more endurance and carnivores get blood lust or something. Can't remember.
0You saw this where?
9Robin
5I feel rumble balls are going to play a part in Kaidou's arcs. Final fight with KaidouLuffy struggling with him, has to pull out a bunch of improv techniques like he did with Crocodile and EnelKaidou using knock-off rumble balls to power upLuffy has a plan Mizu Luffy and Arlong's Teeth tier planLuffy steals one and uses it on himself for the hell of itit workswe awakened Gomu Gomu now
7Oh shit.
6You are as dumb as the faggots who claim Oda drew Shanks using Haki in the first chapter against the big eel and not just a threatening badass look.
4Not that guy but Impel Down hinted at it heavily. Why else is a Koala zoan, an herbivorous animal, a blood thirsty, senseless animal.In fact, I think all Impel Down awakened Zoans were herbivorous, but still deadly as fuck.
0Far from a shit zoan for a reindeer. It enabled him to become a doctor. That was the true gift of the fruit.
3Kaidou is gonna get fucked after discovering RB's because Chopper wont mention the side effects. Itll be a Yonkou who got outsmarted by a 5 beri pet mascot.
0Many Logia can levitate, Buggy can levitate, Shiki can levitate, but not sure if Pell counts that as flight. Doflamingo is swinging and holding onto strings so that doesn't countMarco, Laffitte, Pell, Buffalo, Kabu, and Bian all have legit flying though so that's six already, Pell was dead wrong.
6Bait
Luffy's awakening stretches the limits of his power
9No, G4 used a technique like Geppou. The fruit doesn't necessarily give the user the ability to fly. Because, if so, all the CP9 could be added to the list. Marco can fly and he's famous so that's one.Pell, of course.Probably Lafitte. Kizaru could sorta fly.Don't know if I'd call Shiki's flying.
1It'll be a Yonkou who got outsmarted by a 5 beri pet mascot.Is it bad that I want this?
0So haki really was planned from the very beginning.To think people doubted Oda.
4Was Laffitte confirmed to have a fruit?
9Lafayette ? It's Lafitte.
4G4Not canonMarcoHe's DEFINETLY added to the list. Phoenix zoan and all.Not sure if Shiki's is a flying fruitHe literally ate the Levitate-Levitate fruit.
97Luffy and Robin can probably be excluded by virtue of time limits and the fact that you'd need tons of creativity to come up with those techniques they developed to fly. There probably has never been a Gomu Gomu user or Hana Hana user to do so before, so Pell wouldn't count them.
2I meant in terms of combat ability. Which was the context of the post. 4Pell isn't fucking Vegapunk. He's not the master of Devil Fruits. As far as he, and the general world, knows, only 5 were discovered. Lafitte's is probably an undiscovered one. Same for Buffalo. I don't even remember Kabu and Bian.
4KizaruIt's far from true flight. Either teleports or uses yata no kagami
4He grew white wings from his arms, no confirmation on fruit powers but kind of have to assume, what else could do that?
9nah, it's probably all zoansI'm pretty sure Doflamingo's fruit isn't one of those 6 "identified fruits"They're supposed to be obvious. A bunch of birds, a phoenix, maybe a dragon, maybe a wind logia or paramecia, and that's it
6I don't even remember Kabu and Bian.Tontatta
6Two dwarves with flying beetle Zoans
0No, because i want it too. Some of the SH need their Bounty skyrocketed for retarded feats. God Usopp will get his, Definately Luffy after being another warlord, Zoro probably in Wano, and i predict this is how Chopper will go from 5 beri to somewhere around 700-900m beri for taking down one of the most dangerous Yonkou and his massive army.
6As far as he, and the general world, knows,More like as far as Oda knew in 2002
7LafitteI worked in several Cajun restaurants, it's Lafayette there. Pardon me, Princess.4He has wings in one of the Blackbeard panels. He definitely has a flying type fruit.
7If he meant Zoans only we've got four of them already, Pell, Marco, Kabu, and Bian. Laffitte is almost certainly a Zoan too, he would complete the five.
Soon.
3Not canonJesus Christ, is it so hard to look at what I was replying to for some context ? I meant Gear 4, which I didn't want to type out because I'm on my phone and I hate typing on it.And Shiki can float, yes, but I always think of "Flight" as in flapping wings.
43The Tontatta couldnt have been counted, since no one knew of their existance outside of Dressrosa.
6SoonTop left of pic related
9Not sure. It doesn't look like a zoan form though, they have their hybrid form and their animal form, but only his arms are transformed there. So if it is a fruit it might actually be some kind of paramecia.
43Thanks guys. My memory is incredibly shit.5I don't see why not. They're the obvious ones and most likely to be labelled as "Can Fly".
5Sorry for confusing G4, the literal title for an anime arc, which I can't say I've seen, for your text style hyphenated version of 4th gear. Learn to elaborate, please.And levitation is flying dude.
5It'd kinda be disappointing, Oda will probably go back on this number
3Nope. Marco could turn his legs into talons, couldn't he ? Don't think that was anime only. Maybe an experienced user can choose his forms.
7Their fruits may have been known though, but Oda's covered his tracks already, Spandam mentioned many devil fruits are still unknown and undiscovered, so Pell has no way of knowing if five is the limit
6You know his final arc won't come until 100 or 200 more chapters.We might have his introduction soon, though, which will be pretty awesome in itself
9I believe the arc's name is G-8. Or Navarone. Just typed in "One Piece G4" into Google and got back pictures of Gear 4th.I'll give you levitation though.
7AnimeSorry, I don't watch it. G-8 sounds better and more familiar, though. I'll concede that.
6That could just be how his fruit depicts his hybrid form, or a mythical zoan thing. I'm using Pell and his fruit as reference since Lafitte would have a mundane Tori Tori no Mi if it was a zoan. Inb4 Hito Hito No Mi: Model Angel.
0Well hes like a human with reindeer strength. Reindeer are fucking huge.
8Wasn't it "strong enough to make their attacks fly"?
7All's well that ends well.G-8 is pretty much the best filler though. Surprisingly.
6It was in the manga, even turned his arms into wings like Laffitte too.
9Yeah it was, Brook can make his sword stabs fly now.
1Why can he get his neck cut with haki and live?
8Because Ace already died. Oda wont kill off anymore after that.
8Akainu is just that good at controlling his fruit or Haki. Aokiji also survived being gutted by Whitebeard's bisento with no injury.
8Could be a mythical thing. Could be not. Would be weird since Sengoku just straight up went Goldy McHugeson.
9I thought it was something like "projecting a cut"
853He's not getting cut. He's dodging, making a cut shape with his element so the blade doesn't actually touch him. Aokiji displays it better against Whitebeard. 
5Newgate died two chapters later.
1He manually split his neck before the slash could impact his body. It's like if Smoker split his smoke to avoid being hit by Vergo.Akainu's CoO told him that he'd have to use that trick to avoid this attack, and so remarked,"How irritating.. Haki users, huh..?"
8Smoker literally tried that, Vergo just said he made a bigger target and just hit some random smoke and damaged Smoker, he has poor Logia control.
5Newgate was dead before he even showed up.
1this is probably where the whole "my haki is stronger" comes into play
1I can see it happening, Kaidou eating 3 Rumble Balls and going Monster Point on Straw Hats, damaging himself in the process.
2What an asshole why cant he just let his face get chopped?
7Was established in an earlier fight that logias just create holes and similar shapes to avoid getting hit altogether.
2That was just Whitebeard being unable to control his Haki. The same happened when he tried to save Ace with CoA.
4Luffy can use "stretch" as a figure of speech."I guess calling you "King of Beasts" is a stretch"And then Kaidou isn't a king anymore, his nakama are leaving him.
2Oh shit, I forgot how utterly badass and cool Aokiji was when he got serious. His instincts/CoO are on point too. Didn't notice these details when I first watched the arc but seeing him turn into Ice as Jozu hits him is just awesome.
7Isn't that what Caribou did in the cover story to defeat Iron Boy?He truly learned from his past mistakes.
2He should have finished of Aokiji. he could have just swung down through him
2Nigga, that's some next level abstraction.
5It probably happened faster in the manga, anime depicts things 4 times slower.
6This. He sure is lacking in knowledge in a lot of things.
0Smoker was just creating a smoke screen to safely return Law's heart. Think about it as tanking damage in RPG, Smoker wasn't trying to avoid shit, it was the opposite.
2Nooooo! Dont be ridiculousThey asked him to say no. He went Engrish with it.
Is Luffy using Life-Return in Gear 4?
6I like Smoker too but he was jobbing
9Like everybody else in the manga, when he found something worth fighting for, he realized new ways to use his power, Caribou is now more proficient a Logia user than Smoker.
6I'd say Zeff talking to Sanji about Luffy's will was more foreshadowing of haki.
5Sure.
2Yep, a lot faster in the manga
1He was doing it on purpose, knowing he will lose but decided to do something useful before he does. I'm not denying he's a jobber, but he was smart about it.
5Plus you can see in that panel, he froze ice around the bisento so Whitebeard can't move it.Why is the anime so shit at portraying what Oda draws?
5Doflamingo said Luffy used haki to act like Mister Fantastic in Gear 4, using it to redirect punches and to retract his limbs
1The opening of Grand Battle X confirms Smoker as Sanji-tier.
3He's not a jobber, he fought against someone more powerful. Seriously, what the fuck is wrong with you ?
1Yeah. Why should Whitebeard be able to cut a thin layer of ice?
6A jobber is someone who routinely loses. If anyone is a jobber in One Piece it's Smoker. On the bright side, all of his victories tend to be against the protagonists but Oda won't allow him to win if it resolves things faster.
I heard that zeff was hinted to have gone to the new world before?
6His claim never made sense to begin with. It's not like these 5 flying zoans get together in their own club.Why would Pell know anything about the rare Zoan users in the New World, but not more basic shit like needing haki to hit a logia like Crocodile?
Smoke is just the shittiest logia in a world where Haki exists.
2It's funny because he was one of the best when it was all about the weaknesses.Hopefully he can find other ways to develop his powers. Punk Hazard should have been a wake up call for him.
0this is what you get for laughing at poop jokes
0It's a thick mass of ice plus Kuzan is grabbing the staff too so he can't manuever it.
6It's not about power, Oda just pairs him with retarded strong opponents, that's it. Like Sanji jobbed to Doffy, because Doffy is a fucking villain of the whole arc.
3Smoker only losed twice, and only against monstrous fighters.Calling him a "jobber" is quite unfair, due to the meaning this buzzword actually has here, although it's true he could've probably done a better job against Vergo.
2Nah Smoker doesnt use it too its full potential.Imagine it awakened. He could fill a huge area with smoke and strike like a fucking ninja.
8Coby's the new hot shit, Rokushiki master in two years, advanced CoO in two years, if there's ever going to be another time skip even if only in an epilogue, he's going to surpass Smoker by leaps and bounds.
3Well, yeah, only Zoro would be immune to jobbing against Doffy, and he'd probably lose eventually.
3Vergo was weaker than Luffy as can be seen by his rape of Doflamingo, and their fighting styles are extremely similar, melee combat, so we can infer that LuffyVergoSmoker.
7Jobbing means being setup to lose
0Does Smoker know any Rokushiki? If not, he should get on that. It allowed Kaku to make great use of his fruit.
0Yeah, I noticed how Smoker isn't using any Rokushiki techniques. At least Rankyaku would give him ranged option without "I can hit your smoke with my haki".
0Jobbing means it's their job to lose, in wrestling they would pay wrestlers to lose to hype up another wrestler, another term for it would be the Worf Effect, being bodied to showcase a character as strong.
4i think an luffy stretch like if robin more arms ever
Lucci is good boy
7And if he knew soru he could have avoided Doffy's strings way better
5Thats just a longer version of what I said
7Shigan as well if he can develop it like Kumadori with his staff. Seastone or COA anything launched into someone at that force is bound to fucking hurt
9Can haki attack pierce through Tekkai? What will happen if you use Tekkai and haki at the same time? Can you use haki with Rankyaku and Tobu Shigan? That would be OP.
7I don't know about jobbing but he's a loser for sure. Oda hates this guy.Punk Hazard, Smoker's comeback arc:Law takes him low difficultySmoker in Tashigi's body can't even keep track of Gear 2 with his eyes, Luffy spares him the rematchInstant knock out and capture by CeasarVergo didn't even bother using defensive hakiSmoker eats super Okama soup and rests up, Doflamingo arrives to brutalize him
1If Lucci makes a comeback we'll find out. His tekkai could easily tank Strong Hammer which used real iron fists. Of course Luffy broke right through it with his Jet Bazooka, but for reference Luffy broke through Haki with the same attack before he even knew what Haki truly was so there's that.
Daily reminder that Oda is a god.
7But then couldn't any haki user just punch aimlessly in the smoke to hit him
6I can't believe you people swallow this up.
1Haki can break tekkai. Also you have to stay still to use tekkai.
5It depends. He could try making smoke that isn't attached to him. Crocodile could do that with his sand so why not Smoker?
5No not all the smoke would be his body. He would just be somewhere in the cloud waiting to strike
0Quite a lot of translations just call it 108 pound cannon. Im not sure which translation is canon, but I like cannon.
8If that's the case then smoker has vast potential, however it sounds like a toss up considering crocodile manipulated sand that surrounded him beforehand.
6I thought it was 1080 pound cannon, 108 pound pheonix
4wtfGet the fuck out.
5So it's about individual power then, strong enough Rokushiki user can tank virtually any blunt/slashing/piercing attack. Lucci tanked cannonbals as a kid and broke swords with his body. Normal attacknormal hakistrong attackstrong haki. Reminds me of that Gamer manhwa, where one passive effect just gave bonuses to everything.5Maybe generating smoke instead of spreading himself, more like Mister 2.
7The other example would be Kuzan and Sakazuki who seemingly produced a lot of their element and changed the climate of an entire island.
686Both are correct it's a heavy pun that's lost in translation.IIRC it's phoenix but when you read it aloud it sounds like 108 pound cannon in japanese.
7Because of Vegapunk's book, clearly. Pell didn't fucking travel the world looking for other flying people so he could have a chat.
9stay in denial faggot
1If you stop posting that, will you die?
9The sheer scale of their battle still gives me goosebumps. How fucking insanely strong do you have to be to permanently change an entire goddamn Island ? It's so awesome when you think about it.
3Probably
5Oh and a lot of Zoro's attacks have these phonetic puns. Enbima Yonezu Oni Giri literally meaning "Charm Demon Sleepless Night Demon Slash"The pun in the name is that since "Onigiri" can mean "rice ball"; when "Ebi Mayonēzu" is added, the name can also mean "shrimp mayonnaise rice ball" in Japanese
8Because his haki is stronger, there's two ways to protect your real body as a logia user, 1. Shapeshifting your body to evade the attack or 2. Using your own haki to lessen the damage, both are used by Aokiji, first when facing WB and second when against Jozu.
5I was really sad that he never used that again. Especially in TB.
5Fuck Japanese, it's too easy to compose puns in that language.
So can a couple of logia fly? Or do they also follow the same rule that Buggy does where they need something to be on the ground? I don't see a reason they couldn't fly if intangible "don't give a fuck about gravity" elements like smoke, fire, or electricity can freely go through the air anyways.I just don't see any reason why Smoker or Ace couldn't just fly from island to island. I mean, Crocodile could basically zip around Alabasta without trouble.
0Seems like it has its limit, maybe there's an SBS concerning it. They can't seem to go very fast over long distances. Over time they might lose momentum as well. Kizaru developed a technique to move around for some reason so there seems to be some conditions at least.3I think the reason that variant exists is just foreshadowing for Asura. Too bad, it was pretty cool.
1what the fuckgtfo!you aren't any better
4It would be funny if at the end of the serie all devil fruit power would be wanish forever and Chopper would be turn back into a reindeer.
8Like Ryu's Joudan Sokutogeri?
2Some part of me wants to see this sort of thing happen. It would be funny but also really tragic actually.
0It would be just Dandy
3Missing the pointSasuga newfag.
6I have no clue what that is. My point is, as an ambiguous language, using Japanese is cheating when it comes to wordplay.
20And Brook dies front of Laboon, who will eat his bones.
7someone called me out?time to backtrack!
20It would be Inhumane
9It means "high level blade kick" or alternatively"Diarrhea Joke Foot"
0Maybe it's more like glidind instead of flying? Smoker was clearly flying at Marineford though.
4It'll happen while Luffy's in Gear Second, so several the blood vessels in his brain will burst causing severe mental retardation. Zoro will have to mercy-kill him with a pillow.
33Since you're so fucking dense, let me spell it out to you.I didn't shorten my "Get the fuck out" to an abbreviated version that would usually be used by underage newfags/Arlong Parkers/crossboarders who don't bother to lurk the fuck more before posting.The fact that that anon used "wtf" is a giveaway that he is a little newshit who should lurk the fuck more or fuck off, just like you.That kind of posting style is frowned upon on /a/, you would know this were you not such a new piece of shit. Lurk forever.
1
7
0
0I'm not that anon but you sound like an autistic faggot
4Can Brooke drown? He has to be saved when he falls in water but is that to save his body from just sinking all the way to the bottom or will his DF actually stop working.I can't think of a worse fate than being on the bottom of the ocean unable to move but also unable to die because of his immortality. I guess he'd just sit there until his bones were eaten away.
0I will never understand people like you. I don't know if I should be glad about that or not.
2Calling out someone for being a blatant newfag"Y-you're just autistic!" damage controlSure is summer.
3He can poop and eat, so he seems to have some kind of ghost/shadow organs.
3His DF won't stop working. That is not what water does. But he might still die from a lack of oxygen since he can eat, digest, poop, fart, burp, etc.
0
3He has a second life, not inmortalityhe probably will die once he hits 100+ years in his new life.
4Sure is summerGreat. Can't wait for this fucking dank meme to take over for the next few months.
4newfag/b/
3It's winter where I live.threw ya a curve ball
1
1I will never understand people like you.Because you are new and don't belong here.Letting newfags running rampant posting whatever the fuck and however the fuck they want will attract more newfags thinking such posting style is acceptable in herewhen it isn't and as a result, posting quality will go down. As stated in Global rule no. 6, post quality is important.
0muhhhh /a/ cultureI can't handle change
5
5It seems like he hacked his fruit by returning to bones
4As if that has ever mattered. It's fucking summer whether you like it or not. Whether you're new or not. Wrong or not. Sensible or not. Anything or not. And it's gonna get annoying real fast too. Like it always has been. Fucking summer.
0Calling out someone as being visibly new from their posting style doesn't make one a /b/tard.
6A thing I just realized.Ace was weak as shit. Even with his arms bound up, he should have been able to CoC blast the dudes with halberds trying to decapitate him. He wanted, on some level, to die. That's why he died during Marinford. He should have been able to spiritually overcome his executioners, he should have been able to ignore Akainu's insults, and he should have been able to tank at least one hit from the guy. Ace had just given up by the point the war was taking place because he still hated himself and wanted to die.Weird things you recognize, half drunk at 3:00am.
5/b/tard/b/
6Yea, no, I will never understand people like you.
6as a result, posting quality will go downWhile this is true, someone saying 'wtf' isn't a big deal. It's when newfags post terrible memes or retarded theories when it's bad.
1I thought it was extremely clear that Ace wanted to die and didn't want his friends and family to save him. Like, really, really clear.
9meaning that he would have free control of when he stretched instead of manipulating physics and his bodyThis has been a thing since jet pistol
9People who counter with snarky "MUH /a/ CULTURE" damage control whenever someone points out their blatant newfaggotry are definitely new and are trying to desperately justify their action of not lurking more before posting.i can't handle changeWhy should this board cater to someone new like you? The board is fine as it is, if you don't like how this board usually is, you can't get out. The fact that you're okay with a "change" that involves dumbing down the community to the level of those other communities /a/ frowns upon is a giveaway that you're new.Please lurk before posting.
So is this an official Ship?
All this damage controlSo Luffy has been taming animals since at least Thriller Bark. Garp seemed to be able to do it to an extent What are the chances Luffy meets Kaido's forces and simply Moocy's them into submission/friendship
7its not. the most accurate translation i think would be: when he cut the ship, he without doubt he used a weird ability.the strawhat punk over there that also enters on the grandline is one nothing-special pirate
4You would if you actually lurk more before posting, newfag-kun.
1I'm not new though mate, I agree with you I don't want the community to dumb down but sometimes people overreact immensely, such as the guy I replied to.
9lurk more
1He was ashamed of how he handled the situation since the Banana Island incident. His will was shattered, and being a martyr was a good way out of his guilt. He gave up, but no one can hold him for that.
1Honestly you sound new to me. Lurk moar, no one in any thread wants to hear your shit.
4So is this an official Ship?officialunless they already have a child somewhere, it isnt official
4No, but I am 100% for it.5I don't think you realise but Kaido has Zosn users in his army. Not some random animals he found in a fucking jungle.
6is it weird to fetishize aging paper?
2Oh the irony.
There is this page too.Crocoboy is surprised when Luffy can hit him.
4All fetishes are weird if you think about it long enough. So, don't worry about it.
0and? what if we find out Zoans are within Luffy's ability to manhandle?
14Yeah, but him wanting to die early on, couple with his shitty childhood dragging him down? I didn't connect that as being part of why he had such a weak showing. His spirit was already broken, so of course he couldn't haki his way to freedom.I just started to apply the whole willpower=musclepower concept to previous fights. Sorry if that's well accepted in these threads for pre-timeskip battles.
0Rightly so
Did Nep Ece and Wanpissfag ever finish the retranslation of old volumes?
4The point of a fetish is that other people don't get it.
0Yep to me this is the earliest foreshadowing of armament haki.
3Whoa. That's a fucking apt description.
0nice fake
2I lurked for 3 months and had a terrible experience when my new friends tore my asshole open for saying lolNow I hunt the buzzword postersSomeday I shall be redeemedBut for now I am simplyThe Fag Knight
4yes but its only bad lighting. this one is worse.
3If they are humans, they'd probably just pass out. 6Nah, it's cool. It's like people say, his will was broken. That's why he became so happy and energetic after being rescued. Not just because he's not in cuffs any more but he actually felt like there was a chance, especially with his little brother around.
0but Tashigi is the one who deserves Zoro's D.
5it's not fake anon Crocodile really thought that during their fights
0Back when Oda thought up clever ways to defeat a logia, now he just says fuck it haki
0aah Croc took so many unnecessary hits that arcIs he about to hit me agai-poor bastard
9But Haki IS a threatening badass look. That's the beauty of haki, it was a recurring theme in One Piece, Haki just gave it a name and loose set of rules.
6stay in denial faggot
5Here is the new version.
9As if. Tashigi either deserves no one or she can be Smoker's sub. She ain't got shit on Zoro/Robin.
7Why are you suddenly doing a greentext story of your life?
 Some method
6Fuck off you frogposting piece of shit
1not shipping Zoro with his true loves Jack Daniel and Captain Morgan
6This is kenbunshoku haki, people.
7Want respond.
3see70151
2After I made all these posts145401I felt I owed it to anons to explain how I got so gay
3mfw nice minority opinionmfw sales are stable at 3 million average per volume
79Nitoryu-scans.
9Those are his side bitches. You know, when he can't sleep or has nothing else to do.
3he still thinks sales are declining and not normalizing after the MF hype and due to no more backlog sales
3then why the fuck didn't he use haki?all he did was draining, poison and sand attacks
0But it doesn't make sense, since according to the post chain, the guy who made all those posts asked you why were you doing a greentext story of your life.So why were you posting a greentext life story of how you got so gay, anon?
2he kept on thinking Luffy was a small ocean hick that didnt need much to actually killkept on thinking that until the very end
21. How do you know he didn't? We didn't get a visual indicator until the timeskip2. Not everyone has fully developed CoA or CoO and some that do aren't New World level like everyone in Amazon Lily except maybe Hancock3. He got booted from the New World for a reason
3One Piece sold 6 million copies in 2008, that was before the Marineford hype. Then the sales skyrocketed because of said hype that reached its peak in 2011 with almost 39 million copies sold. In the last years the sales declined because the hype is over and everyone bought every old volume backlog sales. In 2014 One Piece sold 12 million copies. In conclusion: The hype made OP gain about 6 millio. Oy vey.
2He was aware of haki from losing to Whitebeard, he did not know it himself. And if you really want to nit pick you could say Crocodiles will great weak since he wanted to rely on Pluton and a military nation rather than his own abilities, similar to Moria.
5Don't be confused anon I just replied to my own post it happens
3Will got weak*
3Pineapple a cute
9But CoC is seen in the first few chapters with Shanks. It's demonstrated again when Shanks goes to WB.
8Anon, please.That greentext story is yours.Why are you such a fag?
3Bossnot PopsWUT
4People saw Shanks scare the seaking and still believe haki is an asspull
2Pineapplewho?
4I told you in the story. Its the reason I made a huge autistic deal about that anon saying "wtf"That anon was such a newfag am I right?
2you really couldnt guess by looking at the picture?
2Marco
3Weren't on those bottles Doffy's sign?Did he poisoning WB during the years?
8But that's another anon.Why are you such a fag?
3Luffy used it against Arlong, when grabbed his Kiribachi and made him shit into his pants for a moment.
9People are retarded. Oda makes fuck ups all the time and they rush to defend it. Haki is easily the worst thing to happen to one piece, not the conquerer haki, that shit is fine and never used anyway which is gay
2the hell are you on about? what bottles?
2It wasn't Doffy's sign to be exact, his has a crossed out symbol. It's more similar to Law's imo, or perhaps Doffy took an already existing symbol of health and happiness and wanted to cross it out.
5
1Yeah, it only took many years wandering as a soul and then another chunk of time alone on the boat all his friends died on. Easiest training arc
6Haki is easily the worst thing to happen to one pieceplease add a "in my opinion" next time because people could think you speak for everyone
2I have no idea what you are talking about friend
6I must be blind because I did not and still dont see that anywhere in the above picturetime for bed clearly
1Where do you get thoses colorized chapters anon?
6and never used anyway which is gayRayleigh used it at SabaodyLuffy used it at Amazon Lily, MF and FIDoffy used it at PHdo you even read the manga?
1Luffy is already infuriatingly retarded, only way for it to get worse is him losing the abilitiy to talk.
8Zoro used it against Arlong, when he saw Zoro's wounds and made him shit into his pants for a moment.
7people think4chan
9
I'm still waiting for a Gear 5 or High Gear where Luffy just straight up becomes a giant. All he has to do is put Gear 3 and 4 together to get the bones and muscles of a giant. Maybe we'll get to see that or something like that when they reach Elbaf.
0At least he got to meet Laboon again
9It's not visible on the above picture. It's pretty clear when the scene first happened.
7
8Why ? That seems like a shitty power down, considering how easily Giants are taken down.
1he probably meant before Sabaody, and in flashbacks, etc.
9Why are all giants jobbers
3Arguably in the beginning with ShanksShanks and WhitebeardAgainst that Bull thing that Duval rode on.
8Because they're relatively slow as shit, huge targets and even with CoO, probably can't react fast against small people. It's in their nature, really.
2Luffy and Moocy was basically identical to Shanks and the seaking
2Arguably in the beginning with Shanksyeah, that's why he let bite off his arm
0Not really. We know what Luffy did was CoC since it was shown again and again after that scene.2To be fair, he was panicking like a child when Luffy disappeared.
2He jumped in front of it to save Luffy. It didnt try to attack Shanks.
2the sea monster's haki was just stronger than shanks
5Thank you so much
8why didn't he use CoA too?
2see0
80228There probably wasn't enough time, he could have fought the monster but Luffy would have still died. Hence why he 'bet' on Luffy.
2He had like.1 seconds to stop Luffy from dying.Look, go to the page with the seaking. Look at Shank's eye, then the seaking sweating bullets. Now do the same with any Luffy animal moment. Same eye, same reaction.
8He had like.1 seconds to stop Luffy from dying.So he can use CoC, but cannot turn on CoA instantly. Yeah it seems legit.
4You must have forgotten or never read it cause you seem to have the order of thingss fucked up
4CoA wouldnt stop a seakings jaws.
5seakingnope
4you mean like Luffy against Hody?
9Luffy is a fucking DF user who was underwater back then so his strengh was weakened.Shanks was in his best condition.
5Ok fine Sea King*Calling fish proper nouns and shit...
5Haki doesnt make you immortal. A Sea King can crush a huge ship in one bite.
4Sea Kings are at Calm Belt, that fish wasn't one of them.
1zolothis is what makes me hate westerner
4Dear god. Go reread the chapter.
9Then why not Ruhi?
9nihao
4You seem to think that CoA can make you invulnerable against attacks with sharp objects which is not the case. When Law tried to stab Doffy with his sword for example, Doffy caught the blade with his CoA coated hand but was still injured and bleeding.
4Calm Belts are the biggest seaking nest. Doesn't mean they're only at Calm Belts.
4He's a confirmed Sea King.Was Rayleigh able to swim through the calm belt because of his haki or his raw strength? or Both?
8He would never have let one bite him.Shanks wouldnt have either if he didnt have to save Luffy.
8Basically both I guess but probably doesn't matter, Norland killed one to feed his crew too, though it's unclear if he used haki much either, cut off the giant snake's head and stuff.
2Didn't T-Bone cut one in half . Or was that just a big fish ?
8I think Oda made it obvious at FI that the only Sea Kings that exist are the ones we first see when the crew entered Calm Belt and then appeared to stop the Noah.
20you are confusing regular sea monsters with sea kings
6Ah right, my bad. Thanks.
6Don't quite recall, think at least one of them is a proper sea king.
3according to the Wiki, the Lord of the Coast was confirmed as a Sea King in One Piece Red: Grand Characters which was released in like 2002
Here's Norlands thing, so no mention of if it's a sea king, so maybe not.
Might help if we had raws, but at least one person mentions this one is a sea king, as they're in the calm belt this one would make sense probably.
5Sabo is dead was also something that was stated in a data book, this should tell you something about their credibility
3Shanks said specifically it was a Sea King and it wasnt supposed to be there
1As I recall the one at Luffy's home town was confirmed in an SBS, dunno about the data books.
6Why should every single Sea King we first saw until this point come to stop the Noah and not other random Sea Kings that where in that area at the moment then?
2U wot m8?
2What I am trying to say is that the sea monster from the beginning is not a Sea King because the only Sea Kings in existance are the ones we first saw when the crew entered Calm Belt. If there where other Sea Kings why are the ones that appear to stop the Noah exactly the same ones we first saw at Calm Belt and not other random Sea Kings who were in that area when the whole Noah thing happened?
9was meant for3
2because maybe there are a lot of different species of sea king? I don't think there is only one tiger sea king or only one bird sea king
9Maybe cause there's a whole lot of Sea Kings?
9Because the one that bit Shanks is trapped in th East Blue.
3Sea KingtrappedYou must be one kind of those idiots who think Mohmoo was a Sea King too.
6of course, and because of this the exact same ones we saw at Calm Belt appear countless kilometers away at FI, makes sense
6One Piece got worse when they introduced Haki. This is fact.
2One Piece did not get worse when "they" introduced Haki. This is fact.
2My opinion is always the right one. This is fact.
2You are a faggot. This is fact.
Invisible haki was the best, the nigger one piss me off.
3It's almost like you didn't read the whole first half of the story. Go reread the chapter with th Sea King, because it is one. After that reread the chapter where they enter the Gran Line. That should fill the wholes in your knowledge.
5This faggot is the fact you are.
0Holes* fuck you its 4 am where I am
for such destructive and ferocious beasts sea kings are really calm and human like when talking
No chapter this week. Oda is a lazy faggot an a fucking liar. He promised after his surgery that there will be no more breaks except for holidays.
7epic :^ No lets see how many people will take this bait.
75full potentialmerely hiding in the smokeIf you want to go deep with this, considering Magellan for example who was able to use multiple forms, if not every regular poison despite being a Paramecia.Surely Smoker would be able to use every/multiple forms of smoke - he could fill an area with very heavy/toxic not poisonous if you get me smoke and hide within it as the people within it get suffocated. Heck, I don't know why he doesn't stream smoke down people's throats.
Why does everyone in OP always wear their coats like capes over their shoulders?I mean, it's not a fashion sense and clearly is Oda's coat fetish, but when everyone starts to wear it like that, it really becomes dull fast.
0Who are you to say it's not a fashion sense ?
0Yeah, Captain jackets I can understand, but it seems to be adopted by the masses.
4Yeah it sure felt unnecessary.
7Why are you so mad?
8Well I figure saying smoke is suffocating would be stating the obvious. Evidently not.
Was Crocodile the closest thing we've seen to an Awakened Devil Fruit user? His Ground Death technique eroded almost everything around him into sand drained anyone connected.
4Logias always affect the environment, like Ace stopping the snow in Drum, Akainu vs Aokji on Punk Hazard.
4Aokiji froze an entire ocean, so theres that. And im sure there are a few other instances of people doing stuff way beyond their basic fruit abilitys.
1What?
3implying summer is still 'a thing'implying all these fags haven't been here ever sinceretard alert
9Buffalo
Does anyone else hope there's a strong as fuck sea king. Shame they're all pushovers so far
9The ones who pulled Noah are probably pretty strong.I'm all for the possibility of there being different classes of Sea Kings as well - e.g. the ones pulling the Noah are the 'King of Kings' or however you want to put it, reigning over the ones that reside on the Calm Belt.
7This guy gets it.It's basically badassness/will power. The end.
9Would be cool if the sea devil is a sea king, or at least has a really strong one as a pet.
7Guess we have to wait until Shirahoshi uses them in the final war. When the sea kings she uses are the ones who stopped the Noah as well then we can conclude that they are the only sea kings that exist.
The Marines already use Pluton, what do you think their Battleships are based on?
6It does seem pretty weird that battleships from 30 years ago under Garp Prime had the same design as the ones today.
6Why didn't they build aeroplanes?
5Plus I think about 10 of them can destroy a large island, and Pluton could destroy islands by itself, this line of thought is just too good to pass up.
8Anon who said wtf hereI'm not a newfag, I was just drunk as indicated in an earlier post.Go fly a kite, kid.Seriously, getting mad over little things outside of your control is a sign of autism. Get help.
8Where do you think you are?
What determines whether we get normal threads like these or fujo image dump threads?
2Whether the fujos are awake or not.
4Some shitty restaurant like Baratie that doesn't serve coffee to nurse this hang over.
3Sanji pls.
21There were a couple of fujos that tried to post, but nobody replied to them.Im proud of my anons. Good job on the minimal shit posting.
Zeff had an awesome figure head for his ship.
6complains about post qualityLetting newfags runningLetting runningnot "Letting run"
3Oh nevermind. That wasn't Zeff's ship, but the ship Sanji was on. Derp.
5Knock up streams
2Normal threads are two or three days after a chapter is released, by then the cancer is gone. I think fujo shit posters appear a day or two before the chapter release.
33Zeff's was still pretty awesome - the chicken with the knife and fork I think.
It's pretty retarded that we didn't see armament haki in marineford arc
5That's the most autistic edit I've ever seen.
Are we gonna get a full fledged arc for Zou? or is it gonna be like a small cool down arc after Dressrosa, like the Davy back fight was to Skypiea?I hope it's a cool down arc, I can't wait until we get to Wano.
0Why the hell do people think that Shanks scaring monster was haki ? I mean Zoro has done same thing in Sabody and nobody is saying that Zoro has CoC.
2Yeah that was it. I like the wine bottle figure head a lot. Really nifty.8Wano is confirmed for coming around October, so Zou will be a cool down most likely.
Why do I find this MC's facial expressions so funnyAlso he's gonna make enough money to not get expelled but not enough to beat Chinese Yugi. Then wanting to get better, etc.
Because he's a dumbass who doesn't read.
3It'll end with Erina returning as a teacher in Totsuki and getting angry at the new students for cooking shit. Then she took a lunch break where she eat her bento box that's wrapped in a handkerchief with the word "Yukihira".Bonus: she blushed each time she took a bitescreencap this
ONE VOTE
7color couldn't even save himrip in piece arino and souma
7I like Alice best and knew about the poll but I didn't vote because popularity polls are dumb.
3yeah probably. its going to be more of a fight against himself than actually beating yugi in a sell off.
3cause is the 1st time he makes a OH SHIT face
7My heart boner
So what are the odds that Erina realizes she doesn't want Souma to be expelled and works with him "J-just because I saw an opportunity to move up a seat."?
7Fuck yeah Hishoko
If so many students parents own restaurants and if they're serious about pursuing a career in restauranting then why don't they work part time or take summer jobs at their parents establishments? Surely having real work experience would make it easier to not be expelled. Instead only a handful of students we meet have pro experience even though so many come from restaurant owning families.
8#2 will secretly help Souma.
inb4 souma gets the people from Shinomiya's restaurant to help him
Can't wait
3He kind of put himself in a situation where either he outshines the other guy or he's fucked. No one is going to eat his inferior chinese food when they can take a few steps to the left and eat superior chinese food. There really is no middle ground, either he does something that is better in some way, or he's fucked.
7My boner would be at max if Rindou is a teasing onee-chan who helps Soma at every turn until he has to inevitably face her himself.
9He's gonna put a "Nakiri Seal of Approval" on his sign or something to attract more people
7Slut-chan please
Is Kuga doing to job before Eizan?
yfw eizan came and help soma
I had a nightmare where Currynigger was all over 4th seat because she's a cute loli
1Yugi won't job. He'll probably beat Souma in a close call in the actual shokugeki.Remember he is just a 2nd year. Having Souma beat him here would hurt the manga going forward into the new school year.
7he won't jobsouma is wsj mc who just went through training arc and earned the respect of tsun overskilled senpaihe won't jobyugi won't just job, he'll be turned to dust
erina's faceEvery time.
8What if Yugi's an honorless scrub and refuses to shokugeki? Then internal affairs will drop his pussy ass and free up more slots for next deliberation.
7Souma's third place sure hurt manga progression alot.
8Yeah, but the top members of E10 that are third years will be gone and new ones will have to take their places.Either they battle for the vacancies or they just assume a the position ahead of them.
5He didn't strike me as that type. If he absolutely didn't want a shogukeki he wouldn't have offered a condition under which he'd agree to one, like the other elites.but, of course, yugi jobbing and souma getting 8th place has a more fun effect than yugi jobbing.erina's face.
0I loved the face she had when she found out where he was putting his booth, there was just something really goofy about it.
2ok? and given that souma will defeat yugi and take his place before the 3rd years graduate makes that relevant how exactly?
If Soma is allowed to get help from outside.his friends from his hometown and his father will help him. mark my words
3Because it's a comedy manga drawn with the intent of being funny.
1If Yugi jobs before Eizan then Eizan was a better chef all along. That's how these manga go.
8Sorry, i was supposed to quote 7.
0Why is Erina so conscious of Souma? Does she dislike him that much?
2He's the only one who treats her like a normal peer.
2She has Ojou complext and can't deal with the fact that she's attracted by a commoner.
Souma is going to get BTFO by Yugi on his first day.On subsequent days, he's going to keep on improving just as he did during the Stagiaire with Shinomiya.He's going to overtake Yugi on the very last minute of the last day of the festival.He earns the right to a shokugeki, but gets BTFO again.This is what's going to happen. Mark my words.
4More like both side is fucked and someone esle Erina, Eizan, nigger earn the right to fuck yugi boypussy.
If Souma wants to win he needs to say who is his father. I would attract people.
1More like both side is fucked and someone esle Erina, Eizan, nigger earn the right to fuck yugi boypussy.Totally agrre that the 3rd person would pop up and win a fight vs Kuga.
6He'd just call out his entire old neighbourhood
2Why do kids whose parents have a good / important job know so little about anything?I know many parents who have businesses and the kid knows nothing about it.Doctors who want their kids to be doctors but don't give them shit as far as interning / volunteering etc.It's probably more true than you think.
1I don't think Shokugeki's work that day
what chapter is the raw manga at?
6Either use his father's name or Erina's name to attract more people.
Isshiki would be a winner in this situation.
You know it's a shame that Souma has to do his own thing. It would have been nice for the whole PSD crew to work together.
5Yugi accept any shokugeki as long as you prove better than him in cooking.
1We'll still get to see them regardless. Just minus souma.
Which Shokugeki would you Soma, /a/?
7Nikumi
7erina's erinas
7I want to feed Erina.
7Alice.
First we need Yugi to win, then Erina to kill Yugi, then Alice to step into the 10th seat. Or Hisako. Any girl.Then we'll have all odd numbers guys and even numbers girls as elite 10. REMOVE YUGI. He does not belong.
1I like the idea, but at the same time it'll be a nice change to have an arc without Megumi in focus.
7Kuga can leave the school. Then again I don't think Souma would get a seat before second year.
2His appearance and mannerisms conflict with her perception of what an ideal cook should be.The irony, of course, being that her ideal is based in her impression of Jouichirou, who is largely similar to Soma in cooking style and mannerisms.
2This was driving me nuts.Here, I've fixed your typesetting.
7No. First we need Souma to beat Yugi so he' above Erina while they're in their first year already so we can see her face.
Anime made me want more so i started the manga. Hows the relationship between souma and megumi developing?
5boring
3Thanks, it was just a picture I downloaded from a thread.I guess I'll fix your lack of transparency in return.
5Nothing changed
Really don't see how Soma is going to sell more than Yugi. I mean Yugi has an ARMY to cook for him while Soma declined Polar dorm help. Even if he cooks 24/7 the whole time how is he going to outcook the chinese army.
16That's wack. Oh well
5Boring. Megumi a shit.Soutsuda is new hotness.
9Whoops.
My guess?Soma doesn't win, but he sells and cooks well enough to catch Yugi's interest.Shokugeki stakes are for the seat vs Soma being forced to join the Chinese RS.
7that "?" all aloneThis triggers my autism.
7He didn't decline PSD help. More like he declined to work under Isshiki.
5Hows the relationship between souma and megumi developing?They are friends... like they were always meant to be.
0Well, you beat me to it, so never mind.Thanks again, I suppose.
8Too soon. Souma will lose, but in a close call. Yugi will then change his opinion on Souma and will be constantly trying to make him member of his club.
0There's nothing else than gaining an elite seat for souma right now. He has nowhere higher to go, he already crushed tons of second years, only the elites remain. And hayama, but I doubt they'll fight again so soon, curry will probably have his own arc/development.
6currynigger's developmenthe has to do a shokugeki having just caught a cold that will last him a week
Didn't the first seat want to avoid this EXACT situation from happening?
6I think it's too soon for Souma to have an elite ten seat, especially before Erina gets better one. As for curry, he should do exceptionally well at festival, what attracts customers more than the look of dishes at events like this is the aroma after all.
6He can just continue to get immersed on some other styles of cooking until we get to a point where a place in the Elite 10 seems viable, right this chapter showed him wanting to do the same to Chinese as what he did to French, and use it to evolve further.He can still do Italian and other styles first.
Color chapter here.
Souma made a promise that he would make Erina accept his cookingChallenged her again after his match with MimisakaNow is going after someone who's two seats above herI want to see Erina get really jealous that he's skipping her.
Anyone has viz anon's dump thread? The archive search is currently down for me.
9I think he will win by a small margin.I think he will get the help of Stalker-kun because he could probably replicate Kugas dish and take it one step further. I think he will win, by a small amount, then forcing Kuga to accept a shokugeki which Soma will lose.Or maybe Kuga will accept it, but then 9th seat will butt in and take the challenge instead, Soma will beat him, Erina goes to 9th seat and soma gets 10th?
42I like that we call him Yugi.
Onii-chan has to go now Komachi.
I want to kill this fucking cunt. Onii-chan has another imouto now. 
1
1
Daily reminder, RumiRumi is love.
0Why is she so shit?
I want Hachiman to be cucked by Hayama.
7Because she's shallow, has an annoying voice. No redeeming features.
The most genuine ending:8man marries into the Yukinoshita householdBecomes the president and controls the group during the dayHas 8 mistresses Yukino, Yui, Iroha, Haruno, Komachi, Rumi, Yumiko, Sensei 8 hour long orgies everyday with all his mistressesHayama gets paid to sit on his knees and watch all the orgy, but with his hands tied to prevent him from masturbatingIts a WIN-WIN for everybody, since the girls get 1/8bowl and Hayama is getting paid by doing what he likes the most.
7Don't you mean absolutely perfect?
1Orimotofags actually exist?
7anime adaptation made orimoto look bad
8Preach that too.
8Ironically, yes. Preach it.
9What about Totsuka?
0Orimoto will never wash away your awkwardness with her forced laugh.
5He's a boy
service club will never play strip poker again
8Give me one reason to hate her.
9Rich people can fix that.
9So?
1Let's rape him together, cunt killer.
0dayone~?
7He would steal the harem with his giant dick
2But he only wants to take the D, not give it.
0She's a good person for average person. At least, she's normie and ex-8man's crush.
9boynot Totsuka
4Riajuu end is the only answer.
4I'd that over the melodramatic fuckfest that's the rest of the cast.
9No Sakiu and me, playground now.
5Who?
5Who's that? Is she from some other series?
5Kawasomething-san kawaii
5We're only discussing oregairu
3
5Hello there, my brother of excellent taste.
5Who?
2as an Irohafag I like this post. 8man should stick with the girl he found the most comfortable spending time with.
5Have the sexiest bodyCool personality Sexiest voice Almost no screen time Why is this allowed?
1Because she's just some ho who said mean things to sensei.
1Because what you said only makes sense if you have shit taste syndrome.
1horrible sister.
1Yui has the sexiest body, Her tits is in different level, you know?
1dyeing hair blonde0dyeing hair blue1dyeing hair pinkWhat's up with Yahari and the hair dyes? Even Zaimokuza does it.
5the thing about Kawasomething-san is she's the most independent female in the entire series and might very well complement the 'stay-at-home' attitude of 8man.Can someone post the doujin where Yamaha-san considers to work in the future and leave 8man with the kids?
11 has it right, Saki's gorgeous and all but Yui is the standard by which all others are measured.I'd call her the sex-appeal measuring stick but that sounds like it would be a job better suited to Yukino.
1She's the only one who has worn black leather, too.
7dyeing hair bluethe Kawasakis are genetically blue. Hayama might as well be natural as well. Yui is because she's to fit the 'popular kid' trope
7And you know it, brother.
7Because it's anime
7normie
all soap opera-tier dramaSo why don't they just all talk it out? Surely even the most hormone-charged teens can do it?
7evenNo anon, those are the people least likely to talk anything out.
70dyeing hair blueShe had black hair according to WW, but ponka8 didn't give a single fuck
RumiRumi  Komachi
Where my Vegetabros at?
1ctrl + f "help"0 results.This isn't a true Yaharo thread.Not yet.

3
1
683I guess that what happened when they remove support character arc from novelShe go to same place 8man go to study after school
8Errr, wrong picture
8ESLfag please leave.
7There's three golden rules in drama.If the characters can bitch and angst around each other, they will.If the characters can talk out their problems like normal people, they won't.If for some reason there's one character not braindead enough to follow the first two rules, he'll get hit by a truck.
i want to hug her someday
8man seiyuu really tall
9was he /8maninhighschool/?
0How about Ebin~
16
9I can't berieve he's voicing same characters
1That's a big dick
1I thought it was a dick.
16Seriously though, why vegeta?
2something to do with him marrying Bulma. I don't really know the details.
0Omae ga da
9Hes a big guy
54u
Iroha has no romantic feelings for 8man. Yui's feelings are not genuine.
3I like this webm.
I sat there trembling in shock and I could hear deep breathing noises from behind. When I turned around, Isshiki placed her left hand to her cheek and showed a sweet and poppy smile. “I’m going to marry a publishing editor.”There, Isshiki tapped my shoulder. When I turned around, her eyes sparkled and as if to talk in secret, she placed her hand to her mouth and whispered near my ears. “Senpai, I recommend becoming an editor.”“I won’t become one, I won’t work, and I won’t look for a job.” I answered, while twisting my body to get away from the fluffy smell of Anna Sui and her ticklish breaths.Iroha has no feelings for 8man
6666Hello there Satan, I didn't know you watch Yahari
2He's an Orimotofag
2See also: 6
4Satan has good taste.
, 
, 
, 
, 
Which one /a/?
9Both
This one.
6streamshitNigger.Don't soil her like that.
1This.
4
9bird girl
Birds are important
0eggs are for fertilizing
I'd put my stinger in that bee.
Tsukihi is sexier, even though she is probably cheating with cuckoo magic, she is smarter, more observant, and not an annoying moralfag.
7annoying moralfagHey, Araragi is a moralfag and he's cool. Bee is just retarded and infantile.
BatBirdBeeCrabSnailDollSnakeshitCat
Bird wins out slightly over bee but both are worse without the being able to participate as a duo.How about I pick a third, better option?
1BBBSSDCC
1CorpseBatSnailBird=BeeMonkey=CatCrabHitlerSnake
7She's not bad, but how the fuck does Yotsugi do anything worthy of being called best girl?
Bat a best.
5Personal taste regarding apathy mostly.
2I guess I'll have to respectfully accept your opinion and check your quads.
8Your admiration has been rewarded.
8Your answer is correct anon.
7Oh look, more correct opinions. What a good day.
This thread has a clear winner. Ok everyone, lets go out to karaoke.
2Anon, Bat is best girl. I said with a posed look.
9Karen is hotter, hornier, and less psycho.
7Bat is a close second.Kaka.
7I see our tastes are different, but we can get along quite well. Yay.
1hotterHave you not seen Tsukihi's legs, belly and hips?hornierThey're both pretty thirsty for oniichan.less psychoTsukihi throws fits, but stops when someone tells her to. There are no brakes on Karen's violent tantrums.
7I'm sure we will.donuts?
Of the two of them, this really isn't a contest.
Just know that main couple is worst pairing.You can barely even tell they're supposed to be the main couple.
7Let's do it for them anon.
5Great now that you have triggered all the crabfags it'll be a matter of time before they come in with their paragraphs of defense.
2They really should have shown us some lewdness instead of low level teasing, but I guess the lolis never get to show anything besides one scene in Nisemono and one pantyshot from Mayoi.
5The loli trinity is the epitome of comf.
3Karen literally throws a fit because her Onii-san has a girlfriend and offers to give him her virginity if he wants sex.Thirstier or not, she's very into her big brother.5Girl loves to hit/cut things.Guy literally regenerates.They seem pretty good to me.5Lets.
9Don't worry.All you have to do is ignore crabfags.
3Indeed
3Spoken like an anon with true tastes.
9I'm glad we can appreciate Crabfags. They're a cool bunch. But that is the pin, and he did just pull it.Meanwhile, Dollfags... yaaaay!
Easy
3nothing like a few lolis to brighten your day.
Karen always
2They're a cool bunchI don't know anon. They get pretty pissy easily and ruin my batposting.
8This image convinces me that Shinobu could still look regal while in rags.
0Snake haters are the worst.You don't hate Snake? Then she must be your favorite and you must hate all girlsDamn it. Meanwhile she is quite popular among nips, and fourth best girl.
5I just realized how lewd doll is here. I have mixed feelings, all of them good.0I'm just a fan of everyone I think. I've completely fallen for Monogatari at this point.Doll does remind me so much of my middleschool self though, and my inner child is madly in love with her.
Fuck these bitches.tfw Shinobu will never call you "omae-sama" Why live?
0That's because bat won long before senjougahara showed up. They can't help but be salty.
Does the bird regenerate her hymen every time?
0That's because bat won long before senjougahara showed up. They can't help but be salty.This is usually the start of a 500+ post argument. But I don't think there are any here to shitpost. So it's safe for us to post best girls. and have fun, anon. Yay.
0Yeah, the Snake Haters are as bad as the Snakefags. Just not as lewd and less subject to random anonymous erp posting orgies.7Yes, the bandaid is pretty memorable.Doll is pretty pure though. You'll have to take her on a date and have good muscles if you want to see dat ass.
0YayYaaaay Oni-Onii-san!
0I'm a batafag but I wouldn't say that. Shinobu definitely is going to have a lifetime of happiness she couldn't have even imagined before meeting the ragi, but Crab is his romantic partner. Which is more valuable is subjective.
2And crab is a mortal woman. And they might break up one day. But Shinobu will always be in rrrgi's shadow.
2I think they both serve important rolls in Araragi's life. They only enhance the situation more by both being there.4Tsukihi-Hymen-AutorepairWe may never know anon.Speaking of Skeehee, I wish they had more of when Doll was 'getting more intimate with Araragi'. That Tsuki intro was to die for.
9I suppose we shall start this now. I'll play devil's advocate since there are no crabfags around. Arararagi doesn't use his vampire powers anymore and we don't know if he has an extended life still. So it's very possible rrrg is just some normalfag now.
Anyone have that gif of mayoi sleeping and slowly fading away? Guess it's from the credits of second season. Was looking for it earlier and couldn't find it.And bird to answer op.
0You can't really say that Crab "beat" Shinobu when Shinobu is actively helping them stay together without even being jealous like Cat.4That's not true. He's no longer in danger of becoming a vampire, but he is far from powerless. After all, Zoku's entire plot was that Araragi was subconsciously warping reality. It's more accurate to say that, physically, he is back to how he was in Bake.
04I don't mean to say that you implied it. I was just adding on to your statement.
Monkey obviously.Why the trick question OP?
mfw this thread all day everyday
7post series that gets threads with over 1000 reddit shitpostscomplain about another fanbase
0reddit
3and a picture so someone might actually look at my post.
9Por que no los dos?
4I didn't mean he is powerless so much as he is basically just living a pretty normal life from what I understood in hana.
9Yeah, but you were talking about his lifespan. The way he lives doesn't affect whether or not he has a supernatural lifespan.
9I've always been on team Tsukihi since the first day.
8Really? Back when she was half the preview audio and on screen for 5 seconds in Bake? That's not dedication it's retardation. I'm a batfag and totally unashamed to admit that I didn't care about her until she opened her mouth in Nise, because there was no way of knowing who she was as a person before then.
9I thought she was cute in Bake but nothing more since she had 0 personality associated with her at that time.
false flag as batfaglaugh at crab shittersignore monkeyfagthread ruinedDamn it feels good to be a snakefag.
9As you grow up you might learn that there's different interpretations to "first day". Good luck.
9i'm a batfag couldn't sense her bestness even when hunched over corner pouting mfw
8This is /a/. It's very common for retards to choose their waifu on looks alone.
0goes to ledditthinks he can talk shit about anyone
5ignore monkeyfagThat would be a first
Does crab know bat exists? I've been out of touch with this shit
4You seem to be confused friend. I mean to say that AgK threads bring the Reddit cancer here and they have a history of needing 3 threads to dump a single chapter because people are spamming so many reddit memes.
1She sees her in fucking bake anon. She also talks about her in koi and the commentaries.
1I know she has seen her but does she know she's a vampire and inside ragi's shadow and all that shit?Haven't seen koi
6Haven't seen koiWell there's your problem.You might want to get on that.
9I felt a bit lost seeing Kaiki in Hana.The ending to Koi tore me up.
1She knows about her but they have never actually met face to face. This is alluded to in some of the short stories. The commentaries are in-character but the knowledge is not: for example, Karen and Tsukihi commentate some of the otori arcs despite never learning about Nadeko's kaii troubles in canon.
6Well, he gives you a disclaimer in the beginning of koi that some facts may be invented to make it a better story.Anyway, how do anons feel about this pairing?
0In the commentaries she acknowledges that she knows about the events of kizu, as in knows they happened but Araragi wont talk about any of it.
2nonsensical
what emotion is this tummy trying to convey
9I've never lusted after a girl like this.
3It's full and content. Now all it needs is onii-chan's benis.
3Desire for semen.
1Yeah, I think she knows pretty much what Shinobu is and her relationship with Araragi, but they haven't met after she pairs up with Araragi again.
3envy at not being this tummy
1Also built for fighting.
2
7Built for beating up middle-schoolers in the name of "justice" and getting taken advantage of by real criminals.
2skihis tummy fears no dykes
6She might actually be intellectually disabled from a psychiatric standpoint. It's almost endearing.
bird a turd
The one with the better intro.
3It's burning up with envyYou could heat up Araragi's house for a year with it.
1I'd attack her hymen if you know what I mean
9I think she's dumber than a normal kid her age and a total chuuni, but I wouldn't go as far as to call it a disability.
9my first watch-through I was all Bee because tomboy. But I re-watched it in chrono order and gained a new-found Bat appreciation. Shinobu a best
1bat is crap
7Fuck off snakefag you are just as worthless and petty as your waifu. I hope you one day realize what a she you both are.
3what a shit you both arecorrected
3Only you Monkey Manwoman fags are as retarded as to cite up hatred at one girls' expense.
3Calm down dude you're taking this too seriouslyBat is my waifu and snake is shite
being this mad because Snake is extremely popular compared to their Monkey among nipsPlease try to at least keep your calm in one thread.
3I dont think I made it clear enough here 6 that I'm a batfag
3I'm confused as to where you got snake from anon.So confused that I'm starting to think this post is just snakefags starting more shit.
9I want Bird to have my eggs.
2It's obviously a Monkeyfag, if you aren't blind.They are also the ones that start up the hating every thread, trying to bandwagon everyone to hate Snake.
7Yeah, I'm convinced it's a snakefag now. It's a little too transparent anon, you need to be subtler next time.
9I want bat to bear my children while remaining in child form7snakefags start shit just as much though
42Not really. The only girl getting universal hatred is Snake. That's consistent, and happens every time a Monkeyfag appears.Like this very thread.
2If snakes are getting hate then that's fine with me
9the one with the sweatier butt
2Nobody want's to talk about what a shit snake is. This post 3 was the first mention of her at all and is clearly just a snakefag trying to start shit. The shitty low res pic of monkey does not inspire confidence either.
9It's still a Monkeyfag. I just know it because I've seen enought of them.But at any rate, someone who genuinely hates Snake. Once again Snake haters are the only people that start up shitflinging, everyone else can keep to themselves if they think a girl is shit.
2Yeah no it's not, this post was purely made so you could talk about how terrible monkeyfags are and insert snakeposting
2I agree that you should waste space pointing out obvious stuff like snake being shit.
2No, it wasn't. It only feels like it because I pointed his faggotry out early on.
4Snake is quite high in popularity, unlike Bee/Monkey/smaller role girls.But /a/ hates girls who act sexy and aren't at least high school age, so no surprise there. If she were older, everyone would post about her being the hottest shit around.
3Wow, we are so happy you are able to defeat the evil monkeyfag menace. Congratulations. I'll let you know if I see any more malicious strawman lurking around so you can dispatch them posthaste.
1Fuck off with your "perceptive instinct" crap and be happy that you managed to make another thread into shitposting and Snake hating thread.Congratulations, I bit your bait.
0That is an amazing blame game you have going.Sasuga snakefag
Yeah, Snake is shit, uuuu, best girl, how can someone not hate her because obviously everyone hates her and nips hate her too and it's only thanks to proxyfags that she ends up popular, that fucking little shit, now post some mature girls with real titties.
1I can taste the bitterness anon. Are you that upset that people call a shit a shit?
8/a/ hates girls that act sexy/a/ hates girls that arent at least high school agewhat are you even on
7Delusion and a martyr complex anon.
7People like Shinobu because she has the "hot and sexy" adult form.People can put up with Snail because she doesn't have fanservice or any chance at Araragi.Not that I'm surprised, we're on an american board, obviously most people don't find younger girls attractive, so they will hate Snake since she's somewhat childish looking but also sexualized.
7Mayoi a best
7People like Shinobu because she has the "hot and sexy" adult form.That's not why I like her and I seriously doubt that's why other people like her.People can put up with snail because she doesnt have fanservice or any chance at AraragiMaximum grasping at straws snake friend. Snail might not have much fanservice but she still has some. I dont get why having a chance with Araragi would have anything to do with it. Especially considering how Snake doesnt have a chance with him either.we're on an american board, obviously most people dont find younger girls attractiveThis website is for english speaking people in general and /a/ has daily lolicon threads on the first page. Are you new here or just deluding yourself that hard?
0No, you don't have to force yourself.I know you like mature women. Lolis are ugly eh?Snake is shit, and so is Mayoi, Loli Shinobu and Doll. Tsukihi is borderline disgusting.On the other hand Crab, Cat, Monkey but over everyone else Adult Shinobu and Adult Mayoi are so damn hot oh la la!I hope you're satisfied now.
There's not enough best girl in this thread
2At this point I think you're just le epic trolling.
6No. I'm just tired of your kind.
9Bird, but that's her worst hair cut.
Vamp  Snail  Phoenix  Crab  Doll  Snake  Monkey  Bee  CatAlso, Kizu when?
7hating fluffy Bird
5That's because Arararagi has better chemistry with Shinobu than with crab. He even has better chemistry with Snail.
Good tasteAlso never
46Oops
2Alright I guess I'll respond then. Being a lolicon I clearly don't find lolis unattractive. And it's true that I like mature women but it's not like any of the women in this series are mature not counting Bat because she isnt physically mature. You're trying to say that people hate Snake for her looks when it's her personality that they really dislike.5I'm fairly sure Koyomi knows what he feels better than you do.
9I just know which are more fun to watch banter.
9lets be real,it's not like he has a choice if he wanted to pull out at this point.
7not an annoying moralfagjust because she doesn't have any moral standards of her own does not make her any less of a moralfag. It just makes it so that she can't reasoned with if Karen decides you're unjust. 3 Tsuhiki not a raving psychopathShe mentions using Karen for a moral compass, she cut Snake's hair without asking and it has become somewhat of a running gag that she walks in on her brother when he's in a compromising situation with a sharp object. She might be the smartest of the 'raragi's but she's no less messed up than any of them. One might even say she's the cuckoo in the family. I'm a massive Karen-fag BTW.
0Tsukihi's whole shtick is that she only acts on the things she feels like she wants to, and makes a point not to regret her decisions. When somebody's opinion strikes her in a positive way, like Karen's moralfaggotry, she'll go along with it. It leads her to making impulsive decisions like almost stabbing Araragi and cutting Nadeko's hair.
9I'm not having a problem with your taste, or anyone's taste, but with the fact taht Snake haters feel the need to bring up how they hate Snake, how she is completely and irredeemably shit, and accuse anyone who doesn't agree with that of being a Snake fag who hates everyone else. They act as if liking Snake would be an unheard of and rare kind of shit taste, when actually Snake is pretty damn popular   and trying to spread some kind of twisted propaganda any time someone mentions anything positive regarding Snake.I'm tired of that, really.I like Snake despite loving Bat/Snail/Cat more myself.
1But I don't want anyone who likes that cunt to talk to me because they either:Don't give a fuck about anything other than looks so nothing they say has any value.They're edgelords who think being murderous makes a character good which makes their thoughts even more worthless and makes them annoying as fuck to deal with.They're just as pathetic and delusional as Snake so they find her relatable. This means they get personally offended when anyone doesn't like Snake, blog about their shitty lives, and are generally r9k-tier retards.
2No, this is fluffy bird.
3Yeah, no. Do you think that the majority who like her fit that category? Are you really that arrogant about your opinion?That's the problem, you fucking start up a bandwagon and generalize people who like Nadeko with the worst possible things you can think up to justify the hatred against them, and your shitposting.And worst of all you can't even keep it related to the thread, you just see someone liking Snake and go apeshit and start spouting those stupid biases you just said as if it were impossible to like Nadeko for reasons other than what YOU think up.Really, if anyone is an edgelord here that would be you.And no, Snake is by far not my favorite, but she is quite likable and fun.
9Let me expand that slightly.
8SEX HAIREXHAIR
3Woah, I don't mind her either.But you don't really have a good grasp of her character if you think the only reason why people can like HER is because she tried to murder people.
3she wanted her onii-chan to wake up next to her and see her with hair like thislewd.
4Ikr
Would you adopt a mini-phoenix?
1I see you fall into the "personally offended" category.
4depends,do I get to knock her up once she's reached sufficient size?
7I don't think so. Tsuihi's shortest cut is the one that's extremely fuckable.Good for hate sex. Her long hair is for tender loving though.
So who has played Bakemonogatari: the game?
7no imouto routeFuck this gay Earth.
7Bakemonogatari: the gameSounds goo-no loliNo, faggot.
7genderswapped araragiMy dick all day every dayBut seriously, did they just copypaste the art?
1It's just Akio Watanabe doing his thing. Is this game actually fun?
0Im a lolicon as much as the next autist, but imouto, foreign meido and Christmas cake are delicious as fuck
1Those are just Akio Watanabe character designs. This is why you hire a different artist to do the designs and just have him do the production art.
8Seems to be. Im just watching Noble's playthrough
8The combat is kind of clunky and the translators are memelords but it's pretty good.
4pretty imouto to me
6I've played enough JRPGs to know where this is goingAny way of confirming that this is directly translated?
5I noticed that about the translation from watching a playthrough. They put commie to shame with their memes.
6It's tacked on.5They probably took massive liberties. For one, they decided that because Nana calls you "nii nii" the best way to convey that cutesy nickname would be to fill her dialogue with "bro" puns.
2Wow. That thought was incomplete. I mean it's not it's own route and just gets tacked onto the endings of actual routes if you meet the conditions.
2tfw "brotector"
2I kinda liked the bro puns, but now that I know they replaced "nii nii" im mad
9The Birb.
6Does she have a traditional high-pitched imouto voice in the japanese version?
1This is the only possible solution.
7there are no lolicons in Americamost people in other countries are loliconsIt's nice to see you know what you're talking about.
3The only reason that's possible is that the feel sorry for her and I don't understand how you can feel sorry for someone who has no empathy.
4nice try, karen
9Kaiki proves you wrong here though.He easily understood her issues you know.
5Just because he understood her doesn't mean he felt sorry for her. I understand her just fine.
0Cept for the fact that he did sympathize with her.
0Where do you see that? It was pretty clear he despised her.
Sorry I'm late, is there still time to post best girl?
6It's funny because he probably can't pull out of either of those relationships without catastrophe.
7How was that pretty clear? He gets pretty emotional about her getting her life on track. Even if it's a ruse, it's not clear at all that he dislikes her.
0Except he says so multiple times in his narration.
7I think you should probably review that arc.Because it got to a point where crab questioned him, as to why he seemed defensive towards her at times.and continues to question his methods.He hit it right on the head as for my train of thought.Hell, he even started making up conclusions as to how things got this way, hence him telling Koyomi to stay the fuck away.He didn't really have to do that but he wanted to.
6Right, and he's completely honest so you can take everything he says at face value.
Do you believe in GOD?YES
Faith is a gift I've yet to receive.
Only if god is a bunny girl
I don't believe things, I know them.
9This.Angels & Demons?
1No9 *tips
The only God I worship.
There is only one God, and he is Onii-Sama.
, 
How much value do you put into visual direction?
It's a visual medium.
9You can't polish a turd.
1what are madoka BDs
, 
, 
In anime terms, which is superior? Fencing or kenjutsu?
5The technique that you can make black holes with.
whichever one lets you hold a gun with your free hand
Would you let a particular brown loli into your harem knowing she will rape and feast on other lolis?
9No she is unsexy.
yes
I'd rape and feast on her after.In a way, it would be like raping all my other lolis.I would relish the experience.
9Yes.7How's being a raging faggot working out for you?
I want Kuro to seduce all the lolis in my harem to the point where they choose her over me and she becomes the true harem master while I only get to watchI want to be cucked by Kuro
Yes, definitely.
9doesn't matter, I have a cock and cocks always win
Nah, I would just be another loli on her harem.
1The unsexy is real.I hate it when there's no shine or shadowing on the body/cleavage. I hope the new series will improve on the overall quality at least a little bit compared to S2.
Why would I want a shitty ganguro in my harem?
9I would let that particular brown loli be the bottom bitch and let her bully the rest as much as she wants
1there is just one flaw to this masterplan:you don't let the other lolis choose from the beginning
9I believe in survival of the fittest loli.
9But i'm a loli myself, anon-chan.
9Yes. And when the other lolis start complaining about that particular brown loli, I will fuck her in front of them to appease them. They will probably take a sadistic pleasure in watching thei bully groan in pain, taking it up the ass while they watch.
1I wouldn't mind being part of Kuro's harem.
9no shine or shadowingAre you actually blind?It's even exaggerated because of the low gif bit depth.
9413794Look what all of you have done. Miyu didn't deserve it.
7No, there's nothing there, the skin isn't shining, and the cleavage doesn't cast small shadows.Only the background is shining and only her head casts shadow. Low tier details.
9is there a loli outside that's more /fit/ than her?I mean her abs are pretty ripped for a 12 ? year old
8for a 12 ? year old18.
How does a loli "feast" on other loli?
Well as long as she leaves the impregnating to me I'd be fine with it.
0What are you even talking about?There's a single shot of cleavage in that gif and it doesn't have anything to cast a visible shadow because the hair is in the way.There's shadows literally on every visible part of her body.I'm not saying it's a detailed shot, I'm saying you're spouting nonsense.
7see0
4she is only 18 in SNIllya lives as a normal 10-years old girl with her family in Fuyuki City [...]sauce 
We've been having near daily Prisma threads now.Is it the new chapter or are you fags that starved for Herz?
9There's plenty to play around with shadowing and shining if you want a picture to be erotic.That image is just poorly detailed, like most everything in Prisma Illya aside from a few fight scenes.
1I just want Kuro and Ilya to go at it.
Can please somebody tell me how to stop this?Brown loli won't stop raping...
9You mean like this?
5you will never be one of the pure innocent lolis seduced and corrupted by Kuro
9 ilya normal girlKek Well at least we know what she was doing between zero and stay night
1Why are you here, swede?
Can anyone stop it now?Few remaining lolis are left and they hide in fear.
what if we took a serious VNthen, what if we took some random, unimportant side character...and then, what if we made her, and all her irrelevant friends lesbiansprisma illyaa complete insult to the Fate franchise.
1
1It says a lot about overall franchise quality when best title is spin-off parody yuri mahou-shoujo
7I still don't get who's who.
7can I not choose all three at the same time?
9You know, maybe an anime about 'harem management' could be interesting.The first core component is probably a woman who's fine with polygamy, somebody who's okay with sharing love. Ideally this woman should be able to maintain peace between the harem members.Then you need a balance of personalities. The introverted females need to be counterbalanced with the extroverts, as too much of one type can quickly turn the sex too boring.Presumably you'd also need a handle on the sexual capabilities of the members, it's fun to explore the sexual realm with fellow newbies, but it's also fun to be the dominant perverse teacher or to be completely lead by an experienced sex-doer.Then of course you need the trap.
5then of course you need the trapIf you meant reverse trap or dfc tomboy I would agree, but a real trap? No way in hell.
Why does /a/ insist on wanting to fuck little girls?
3To scare off normies and sumemerfags like you.
8normiesI wish it scared you too.
7That ice cream isn't actually ice cream. Its mashed potatoes.
, 
, 
, 
, 
ITT: Tropes/Cliches that always piss you offCharacter is going in for a speak attack and YELLS right before they're about to attackFUCK WHY DO THEY DO THIS, ITS THE DUMBEST SHIT EVER!
3How about the one where the character is about to do an attack, then spends 5 minutes explaining what it does?I mean, I know the audience needs to know what powers Character A has, but it could be done better than "I am Rawhide Kobayashi, I will defeat you using my powers which allows me to harness the rage and strength of 40 bulls and the lactating abilities of 40 cows. Using my abilities I will charge and rip through your steel resolve folded over 1000 times by superior Japanese willpower."
7Why can't they just have the narrator say all this shit?
MC is japanese
8This bothers you why?
5Because adding a narrator changes the tone of the work. That's why you see some series include mostly useless characters who act as fight narrators, like Speedwagon.
3"Misunderstandings". They are almost always used very poorly and are dumb to the core.
Any Tsundere Ever
3a speak attackYou mean like a used car salesman or some hippie who wants you to sign his petition?
a character says something surprising or shockingother characters make a grunt sound
1B-BAKANA!
1They aren't ALWAYS bad but they're done bad 90% of the time.
3Anime uses the Opening for the final fightThe OP is horrible and doesn't fit the fight at all
4Where has that happened?
0Too many to nameI normally delete unimpressive shows from my mind unless it was THAT bad
2so never? Every time it happens i can think of it fits.
I see this in an anime it will be INSTANTLY dropped.
1taking his post seriously
1because gooks are subhuman
hot girl falls for MCMC is shocked or weirded outFuck any anime that does this.
1That's a lot of anime broski
3Character can see the future/have premonitionsSomething HORRIBLE is going to happenDoesn't speak out about itCharacter is surprised when shit goes wrong/that he/she couldn't change it
1That's because that tends to be the typical high school boy reaction in actual japan. Same as girls being dishonest and tsundere-ish about their feelings, that's actually quite typical of teenage girls and even some adults in japan.
88Nigga you got some beef with my man speedweed?
8YOU STUPID FUCKING CATWHY DO YOU DO THIS SEVERAL TIMES
7Did you know, "gook" in korean means American.
7lactating abilities of 40 cowsThat'd help in Qwaser.
1I would never say anything bad about Speedwagon.
panning to the sky"b-baka"clenching fists when upsetcharacter karate chopping an invisible midget to his side to look coolmc has to get x amount of people to join club or it will be shut downteacher is forever loveless"it can't be helped"everyone announces the move/technique they're using ALL THE TIMEbeach episodestsunderesevil character's eyes are unable to be seen because of light reflectionscharacter pushes their glasses up with their middle fingergendo referenceswomen with irritatingly high-pitched voiceshalf-japanese, half-western blonde haired girlsI just hate anime
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
1I think this is fine when it's actually used right. Several dramas get a lot of mileage out of the character self-reflecting about whether or not they love the girl, feeling conflicted, meeting another girl who they also like, normal drama stuff.What's worse is when the MC tries every other damn chapter to confess to the love interest and get interrupted by one of the members of the harem, or by a freak accident, or some stupid thing. So the series goes through every single fucking harem romcom scenario, the pool, the beach, cooking, a summer camp, hot springs, doing the exact same shit that every other harem romcom does, maintaining it just by having some bullshit happen so that they can reset the status quo and make more money by selling the next copy.Can't we just have nice, planned-out, concise stories anymore? Everything's an endless scenario machine these days.
3yells right before they're about to attackthe yell alerts the target, and now they missed because the target dodgedI fucking hate this too OP. Lets go kill everyone who is guilty of this kind of shit.
takes normal sized drinkPUUWWAAAAAHH!!!
two characters go toe-to-toe in a battlewell that was a good warm up how about we REALLY fight now :^Also:one character is on the defensive for awhilenow it's my turn!
nosebleeds
3speakOf course you'd yell if you're using a speak attack.
0Takes small drink of alcohol/sake drink*hic* so drunk!
Character sees something lewdNosebleeds
1main character enters berserk modesuper dangerous, makes you lose your mind when you enter itgirl hugs him"COME BACK TO YOUR SENSES"mc calms downFuck this, I want some actual consequence.
8If tsundere was a thing in real-life I would kill myself
Everyone not Japanese has blond hair and blue eyes
1This happens in the most recent episode of Seraph of the EndIt kills a bit of my soul every time it happens
4Gets drunk off the smell of alcoholGets drunk off of soda
That noise/sharp breath that characters make with their throats when they:.Are surprised.Notice something.Being questioned.Reading.See someone.Thinking.Doing anything at all
2Fuck anon. Fuck. That was exactly what I was thinking of when I saw the episode. What a disappointment that episode was. Those stills. The lack of music. The stupid yelling when sneak attacking. It makes my blood boil.
Character is completely invincible/able to dodgeAnother idiot takes the shot because reasonsFUCK YOU
Fucking hate it when shows do this to purposely ruse the viewer.
YOUR MUSCLES ARE RUNNING ON PURE OXYGEN NOW BOY
1LETS BE MAD TOGETHER
9HE IS RUNNING ON PURE WILLPOWER NOW!
8JoJo had a narrator though, didn't it? I know it had non-speech/thought text boxes in the manga.
6FUUUCK ANON WHAT OTHER CLICHES AND TROPES DO YOU HATE?
9Now that you mention it, I think it did. It's been a while since S1 and I haven't been keeping up with Part 3. The point remains that Speedwagon serves as the narrator for several scenes.
5PUNCH HARDER BOY
9Super talented generic fuck who tries as hard as he possibly can to not stand out or break the moldThat one cunt who is overly quick to physically abuse the MC because LOLTHISISFUNNYRIGHT?THE CUTE GIRL WAS ACTUALLY A GUY THE WHOLE TIME
7H-HE PASSED OUT STANDING RIGHT AFTER HE LANDED THE FINAL BLOW
hold the power that can obliterate the main villain from beginningnah, I'm just side character, let see what MC can do
Monotone stoic who literally can't into emotions
Character that isn't the MC figured out all the problems ages agoDoesn't say anything and waits for the MC to catch onJUST SAY IT YOU STUPID BITCH
1I came her to post this.It's one thing for a couple to start out antagonistic to each other and then gradually grow close I guess girls like Chitoge are an example of this, but holy shit, what an annoying, insipid archetype.
3So you like tsundere but hate physically and emotionally abusive characters shown in a positive light?
MC about to be shot/stabbed/killed by antagonistside protagonist blocks the strike, despite being fucking hundreds of meters away 1 second ago
Character steps outside into the falling rain for like 8 seconds."Careful! You will catch a cold!"Every fucking time.
316were something decent before the modern tsuns took over
7half-japanese, half-western blonde haired girlsWhy would this not give you a boner?
4The Japanese Cold is the deadliest virus of all
5This. This is what Yu Yu Hakusho did.
Recap episode
7clenching fists when upsetOnly when it makes the sound of leather rubbing against leather, and they're barehanded.
1Some men are just humble like that.
7mc has to get x amount of people to join club or it will be shut downFucking Hell, I keep seeing this one.
5recap episode30 seconds of new material in the intro30 second of new material in the middle
Impossible eating speeds
first character attacks, creating massive dust cloudhaha, it's over now!dust cloud clears, second character is unharmedb-bakana!who am i kidding, i love this shit. bonus points if the second character has disappeared after the dust cloud clears, and suddenly reappears beside/behind the first character and says some one liner right before doing a counter
5The serious has MULTIPLE recap episodesfuckFuckFUCK
Finds motivation through inner monologue
the series starts out with a secondary-character looking for the protagonistthe protagonist is rumored to be some kind of merciless death-machine that is completely impossible to kill and has left a trail of bodies a mile longthe secondary-character finally meets the protagonisthe's FUCKING HILARIOUSLY GOOFYsecondary-character says some variation of "THIS CAN'T POSSIBLY BE THE [intimidating-sounding title that the protagonist has been given by society], CAN IT?!", either internally or externallyThis shit was all over the place in the 90's especially.
7Spot-on synopsis of Trigun.
4And Ruroni Kenshin.And like 6 other staples of the action-anime genre of the same era having trouble remembering names though.
7*series
7What else does this besides Trigun?
4Is Japan just the weakest nationality on a genetic/immunological level or something?
3THE GRIM REAPER, RAGNA THE BLOODEDGE?
3Goes for a speak attackI think you're confusedAnd read better shonen
Mine is the "pure, peace loving princess" trope. It's especially popular in mecha anime, and a sad attempt at appealing to women by making the character who pursues peace over war some princess chick or a woman from a politically powerful family. She always winds up having her ideals shattered, getting killed in order to advance the plot, or relegated to a cheerleader who doesn't fight but prays for the MC's victory. Protip: making the only major female character a saint who is peace and purity and goodness incarnate doesn't actually appeal to women. Little girls, maybe, but not women.
It's time I use THAT...
3
7except when Trigun does this in episode 5 it's actually kinda cool and exciting.Man, Trigun was really good wasn't it? Average, but good. Good avrage. AveraGood.
Characters who's only purpose in the plot is to get kidnapped. This does not apply to all characters that get kidnapped, because if a character is properly developed and written then they will be entertaining and likeable despite that.
3Ragna isn't goofy. And unlike Vash, he actually has killed people ,and has destroyed military facilities.
9What does it matter if it appeals to women or not?Your entire argument sounds like something out of Tumblr Go back there
4Ragna isn't goofy.Have you PLAYED any of the the story modes in Blazblue? He is a complete goober most of the time.
1I have, and he's isn't as goofy as Vash outside of the gag reels
14He ran out of a Chinese restaurant carrying a catgirl on his shoulders because he didn't have enough money to pay the lunch bill and now he is wanted for not paying that bill in that district of the city.Yeah that's pretty not goofy.
18 year-old male still sounds like his balls haven't descended.
0He is completely unserious in every scene that isn't plot important.
Middle schoolers look like high schoolersHigh schoolers look like middle schoolers
5Otokojuku/JoJo and Chuunibyou/KO-n?
Character slightly moves swordMakes clinking noise
female characters
7beach episodesb-but...
5thats not a trope that just means that they couldn't get a new episode ready on time
9is this a common trope or are you just really pissed about aldnoah zero. either answer is fine
5can't get mad about that, japanese don't age like real people
3MC is a pervert MC wants to have sexIt's better if MC religious.
7If Trigun had started from its episode 5 like the manga, this would flow much, much better.
8Let's draw a girl and say it's a boyI hate it but god damn.
5
1Character is being controlled by some external force or has turned to the dark side on his own volitionHe is about to fuck up another character"I know you're in there, you must fight it!""You are a good boy, you wouldn't do this""It's me! I'm your friend remember?"Character struggles a bit and goes back to normal
for one reason or the other, the character decides that their bet friend/significant other/what have you can't tag along anymore because it's dangerous or some shitDoes not try to explain reasoningDoes not build upJust fucking acts like an ass, says "fuck off" and walks awayFuck everything about this. It invariably either becomes pointless, or just ends badly.Just fucking explain your logic and either try to get them away or think of a secondary solution you cunt
4FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG
3Exactly, that sort of thing can be nice character progression. It's not really tsun in the modern sense.
4Patlabor did an interesting aversion of this. The protagonist is the daughter of a liquor store owner and as a result can hold her liquor like nobody else in the cast. There's an episode in which she becomes increasingly weirded out by the drunken behavior of the rest of the cast at a work gig, played almost like a horror thing.
fang doesn't win
3start watching a seriesOne of the main characters is some shadow the edgehog expyinto the trash it goes
8Trigun is my all time favorite anime, but I'm glad you like it at least
characters using katanas for anything else but oppressing peasantsand they don't breakliterally pandering to stupid weaboos.
0This almost turned me off AssClass, that one kid who jumps off a cliff to make Koro-sensei save him as bait to leave him open to attack really grated on my nerves, I forgot his name but he's a huge faggot
Smiling with your eyes closedI fucking don't understand this. I'm okay with most anime tropes but this one is just weird.
5Hey, she was trying to teach the MC to be competent.
1This is the exact plot of that shit movie The House Bunny
1HE DOESN'T NEED TO BE WHEN THERE IS MORE COMPETENT PERSON AROUNDSHE IS A DETECTIVE FOR FUCKS SAKE
3711871468984These and 9That one isn't that bad.52073102these are what get to me. What really makes me go pic related is power of friendship.
5In a thing where at any moment, any person could die. Probably helps to have more than one, along with somebody to support her. I'm not saying it wasn't irritating mind you.It was a nice touch that in the PSP version you only got the 'highlight shit I can click' feature once Kyoko started rubbing off on the MC. It was the right call to give it to you from the start on Vita, but it was a neat touch regardless.
5To be fair, our main character is suspicious as fuck.
turning a corner/walking through the doorhas eyes closed until they are fully in the roomopen eyes to reveal naked girl or other surprising thingWho the hell walks through a door with their eyes shut?
3ITT: Tropes/Cliches that always piss you offCharacter is going in for a speak attack and YELLS right before they're about to attackFUCK WHY DO THEY DO THIS, ITS THE DUMBEST SHIT EVER!Everyone in this thread is a whiny little faggot who gets off by bitching about the trivial. You're literally tumblr, but your focus is cultural sins in cartoons instead of racial and feminist ones.I hate you all.
Russian characterlooks and acts white
5but your focus is cultural sins in cartoons instead of racial and feminist ones.This is a place to talk about Cantonese Pictographs not fucking racism and feminist.Sounds like you're that one that needs to fuck off back to tumblr.
5literally
7didn't you hear 13 year old girls on tumblr with a poor understanding of feminism are the greatest threat facing the white male today.
super strong guy does super strong thingshis cronies or the side spectators say "Man, he's strong. That's super strong guy for ya!"
That one guy with superman-tier strength in a mostly realistic settingWhy
0Hating this
mortal danger incoming to a side characterhe stands still with a shocked faceall because MC needs a sad episodeLooking at you, Urobutcher, you can't write for shit.
Random trucks out of fucking nowhere
3damned fucking gooks stealing our racial slurs next our jobs
5agreed i didnt know it was possible to hate beach episodes
1RKO OUTA NO WHERE
2It fucking sucks when it doesn't fit the setting and is completely unexplained.
I like everything mentioned in this thread so farIt's why i like anime in the first placefun
7Gendo references are great if done right. Pic related, the character has the same voice actor and the show often makes jokes about that and Eva.Also he didnt invent the lean forward dark face dark background two hands clasped on chin thing.
4I think you're confused. He meant sneak attack but had a typo.
5JojoI thought all the Jojos were at least in High school. Jotaro is 17 isn't he? Admittedly he looks about 23 in part 3, but oh well.
Characters used as a moral compass for the MC.
8What about West Russians, like the majority of Mosconians.
3Made me chuckle, u fuck
1This, how did these people get their drive permits?
56Fuck you, that shit is hype as fuck.
9Why is Gintama the best anime in all categories?It's like, others don't even get a chance.
1This. Especially when the entire plot hangs on it, and especially especially when the whole thing could easily be resolved by just sitting down and talking it out.
9 power of friendship/loveAgreed ten times over. I don't make anime planning on being /lit/ after military, tbh, but my villains don't deal with this bullshit, because it only works on clinical psychopaths with no friends.Only one villain is a psychopath and none of my mains are.and as it turns out it doesn't work on her eitherThere's no power in love, but theres some in trust. Its a running theme.
3How about when the character has some sort of extra sensory ability that should tip them off that their opponent is unharmed, but they still wind up surprised when the dust clears?
3Villain's power only lasts 5 secondsSpends 2 minutes monologuing while using it
5"badass" villain can only fight for 15 minutes
3I don't know what a speak attack is but I would imagine it would involve yelling
5Za WAARUDO
3KenshinAs shit ton of other mangas whose names I can remember but a lot, trust me
3secret society that shouldn't realistically stay secretThis especially annoys me in modern settings where every other person on the street has a camera phone on them. I don't care how good your cover-up goons are, there's not much you can do when two dozen people upload that superpower fight to Youtube.
first girl in the whole series to be introducedMC is head over heals for her and shitFuck that.
5I liked how in Tiger & Bunny one of the protags had a habit of making the social media and Twitter work for him instead.
96Power of Friendship is never depicted in the realistic but cool way where friends coordinate well with one another and are crazy in-synch in various situations allowing them to pull off crazy cons, badass stunts, or even just trusting one to be able to make a perfect sniper shot when the meleer of the duo is in trouble.Instead the power of friendship is always treated as just another super power.53funny thing is, if one combines this with Shishio, the idea of him monologuing in the middle of a fight would make sense as a great way to stall for time to let him cool back down and keep going longer than normal.10Japan's notorious for being littered with spontaneous portals which lead to and from the TRUCK dimension.
5Not anime but all this makes me think of is The Secret World.Though in that case, several secret societies in-universe have control over social media and will make things disapoof if they don't like it.Unless another Secret Society wants others to see it. Such as The Dragon constantly reinstating Tyler Freeborn's blog after The Illuminati take it down
9So long as we're stepping away from anime for a moment, I'll say that the series I was thinking of when I wrote that was Harry Potter. I've never seen any secret society as self-destructively oblivious as the wizards in that series.
0Power of Friendship is never depicted in the realistic but cool way where friends coordinate well with one another and are crazy in-synch in various situations allowing them to pull off crazy cons, badass stunts, or even just trusting one to be able to make a perfect sniper shot when the meleer of the duo is in trouble.That happened a lot in anime. Maybe you should stop watching shitty adaptation from shitty LN or Shounen Jump.
0To give some credit, half of the shit involved with wizards seems implied to be invisible to muggles, access to mind erasing spells, plus most of the books are set before social media and cellphone cameras became a big thing. As I recall, the series begins in 1997 and concludes in 2004, JUST as these things were getting big.Related to the "Not-So-Secret-Society" thing:Covert Operations Archtype Characters like ninjasDress obviously like ninjas and never do a damn thing to disguise themselvesI get Naruto's author fuck, forgot his name wanted to do his own take on ninjas and he's not the only one who is guilty either, but fuck it would be cool to imagine Naruto characters acting like real ninja and for "hidden villages" to actually be a network of of special shops, stores, etc. all involved in a conspiracy that supports said ninjas.
2Hey, it happens in LN too.Were it not for his comrades, MC in pic related would've been dead 10 times over.It isn't power of friendship/love as it is power of teamwork and trust.
4The irony in that post is that Kishimoto wanted it to be wizards and not ninjas but when he learned about Harry Potter he changed it in fear that it would be compared to/ or lose out to Harry Potter.Why the hell do you think they are more like wizards than actual ninjas?
4It wasn't supposed to be about ninjas, it was supposed to be fantasy about wizards, but some other fantasy shounen started couple months before it and editor suggested he switch the theme to not overlap with already going manga.
clenches fistleathery sound
4To give some credit, half of the shit involved with wizards seems implied to be invisible to muggles, access to mind erasing spells, plus most of the books are set before social media and cellphone cameras became a big thing. As I recall, the series begins in 1997 and concludes in 2004, JUST as these things were getting big.Yes, that's true, and remembering that fact is about all that allows me to still enjoy that series. However, the sheer incompetence they show when trying to blend in pretty much counterbalances the lack of social media. The movies on the other hand have absolutely no excuse. fuck it would be cool to imagine Naruto characters acting like real ninja and for "hidden villages" to actually be a network of of special shops, stores, etc. all involved in a conspiracy that supports said ninjas.If that was Naruto's premise I might have actually watched it.
cheerful genki psychopath talking casually while he mutilates his victim
8Sometimes this is great and sometimes it's the most annoying fucking thing. I don't know what it is that can make it so polarizing.
Main character is stoic and silentBest friend is actual fucking human bean who likes girlsBest friend becomes punching bag/joke character of the seriesShit like this is why I can't enjoy pic related
8It is never great.
15Huh... That... Really does make sense. It is kind of a shame we never got to see Wizard!Naruto, kind of wonder how it would have been.Would they have been Western style mages or Japanese/Eastern though?We'll never know.2Horses gallopingSounds like coconuts being banged together8it's a cliche, but it's meant to be juxtaposition of demeanor and words versus actions. Funny enough, I think real world sociopaths are known for doing this.4The movies on the other hand have absolutely no excuse.The movies have no excuse for a lot of things, like not using contacts and dye to make Daniel Radcliff a fucking green eyed, black haired kid. Shit, CGI was even still good then.If that was Naruto's premise I might have actually watched it.Dude, I know. Makes me want to one day make a game where you play as a true, stealthy, disguisy sort of ninja within a secret society. Sort of a cross of AC with GTA maybe? So it's sandboxy with lots of side missions and such but- bah, I'm rambling.
4Well that's your fault for watching adaptations of video games where you are supposed to self insert as MC.
7sword is moved an inchclink
9Yeah, good point
7It is kind of a shame we never got to see Wizard!Naruto, kind of wonder how it would have been.Probably like so.
3we absolutely should not allow X to happen, or it will cause Yeveryone are trying to prevent Xone of character still is dumb enough to allow X to happen and then surprised that Y is even horrible than he imagineOrWe should run away from here, or X will kill us all!Yeah, we should!they still just stand on one place and do nothing even in fact they got shit load of time to make escapetrying to run away when all is lostThis shit grinds my gears so hard.
7This is yet another thing that can actually and does occasionally happen. Though its also a sign you need to adjust your fittings. What bugs me the most is...Sheathing sword slowlyThen slams it into scabbardFUCKING HELL! You want the wood to crack or the metal fittings to bend? Nevermind potentially damaging the pommel!
EH?!! NANIII?!
Because...I am me!
3One character says/does somethingEverybody GASPs but in multiple shots
2You mean like this?
8But that whole episode was him learning how to not be edgy.
0Exactly like that, yes.
MC is the chosen one
6I find it lacks a little in terms of yuri, but Otae and Kyuubei are trying desperately to rectify this.
the strongest swordsman in the world never swordfights at full strengthThis is a reminder that Mihawk is the strongest swordsman in the world. Everything I said are facts.
0
0MC is not the chosen one and fights to prove that you make can make your own destinyMC was actually the chosen one all along
4That shit is the worst.
cat on screenvery obviously one of the female voice actors making the nyaa sound effect and doesn't sound like a real cat at allI don't know if i'm just conditioned not to hear it in western media with the *meow* noise but this one seems pretty exclusive to japan
The ancient evil has awoken
7Moves sword in bare hand, clinking noise. What EXACTLY are you clinking that sword against? Is your blade THAT loose in your hilt that it clinks whenever you move it?
0I don't understand why they don't use a recording of an actual fucking cat.
0because nya is kawaii u baka gajin :^ 
1shit, that actually looks kind of amazing.
7huh, don't people do this in real life?
first girl wins!No, seriously, stop it.
4what if first girl really is the best girl?
7Some of these like the club-closing and "it can't be helped" are common in rl Japan though, aren't they?Tsunderes, though. So sick of them. All I can think about is how unhealthy and immature their behaviour would be seen irl.
3That's bad as well.I mean, I get that in some cases, perhaps especially in older harems, it's pretty clear from the start who will win and it works, but honestly they should be a little less obvious. At least make TWO girls more or less equal contenders, like it was in Haganai at the start.meat was clearly best girl anyway
1Don't remember if this happened with the mc, but in YuYu Hakusho one of the good guys uses a "forbidden technique" and it fucks up his arm on the inside. it was paralysed or something. I remember him taking ages to be able to use it again.
8When I was a teen, I was way too obvious, but not in a tsundere way. I was overly affectionate and a bit of a creeper.I honestly can't imagine why someone would even try the tsundere route - especially the lengths that anime like to take it. You could scare off the guy forever with that abusive shit.
student council presidentspls
4most tsundere girl winsI liked Steins;Gate a lot, but I found the romance pretty predictable and dull. The confession WAS cute, though.Also  braids girl and Ruka were superior choices imo. Even with some of the later reveals, I still kinda shipped the latter with our mad scientist.The only example of an anime I've seen that DIDN'T end with the tsundere was Ano Natsu de Matteru. Really recommend it - for a teen drama it's surprisingly engaging and funny at times. Though the beach episode is terrible constant new girl chasing a guy that gets creepy.
 eyes are invulnerable to dust, rocks, sands, wind pressure, light or any other phenomenon caused by explosions. Staring, eyes wide open at the explosion. can see and hear things at an incredible distance. Most wounds that would kill a normal person are usually fine if treated with a simple bandage wrap. damn shounens...
somebody performs attackeverybody looks at him with shocked facesrepeat every 2 minutes
3muh resolve above everythingWorst cliche ever honestlyHow can anyone but 10 year olds like that crap
4i'd watch it
40Trips and dubs speak the truth
5Trips confirm that trips and dubs speak the truth
head injuries always result in either amnesia or a comically large lump that's gone by the next sceneJust once I'd like to see someone get a concussion and it do something other than make them forget.
Chosen one is found.Suddenly everyone else, especially those in high places, decide to be complete doormats/terrifyingly incompetent at everything. Somehow the prophesy that only the chosen one can fulfil is interpreted as only the chosen one can only do anything useful ever.
5
0TTGL did it best though. They didnt take it too seriously. Absurd, over-the-top, just for fun, and entertaining. It eventually became "ha, they're throwin galaxies at each other, thats crazy"Not, "No I cant lose! AAHHHH! [power increases 10x]
8side-character/deuteragonist is too strong/charistmatic compared to MC and lot of people like himlater in series MC becomes chosen one/god/immortal being/super powerful side-character becomes useless and everything he does results as failuresBeing second protagonist is always suffering, you never win.
1I'm the one you're replying to.I generally hate muh resolve and consider it shit tier writing, but TTGL is the one exception for me, as it was actually good.I gave it a 10/10 precisely because it was the kind of thing I generally don't like yet it was great.
3blonde
1You do realize it's an indicator of japanese female purity to not like things like that, right?To the point that they sometimes fake "no, stop!" while having sex to not seem like sluts who like it, even if they're married.The only depressing thing about it though is that a lot of girls actually condition themselves to not like sex because it's not a girly thing, and you know how japanese women try to be girly.It's simply one of the contributing factors to japan's population issue.
4halfway the anime another girl gets introduced10 times betteryou know she wont make it but the writer still thinks he can push a love competition in there this can last for quite a while and make /a/ lose its shit when the inevitable happens
None, I love tropes.
0no they were better characters but worse love interests. If you play the VN youll notice how poor their routes are. Since they are branches that die out immediately. Romance in stories is something that isnt just wish fullfillment but also has a meaning. Luka just was "I like okabe but hes not gay". The ending of the story was nice how he refused to tell okabe he loved him when he was male again but that was all the development there was to him. Same with Suzuha, she doesnt have romantic development, even in her ending you dont have that. Meanwhile mayuri and kurizu make sense. Especially if you dont do the extra kurizu senses for her route.
6mwee?
98ZoidsTTGLFMA
1This picture bothers me because everyone else is in front of the character before them, but robot loli is behind Ginko.
6This shit is going on in colleges and universities.
550GioGio, Josuke, and JoJoh are the only ones that're plausible for teens.The rest of them are fuck tall, ripped as fuck, etc.Basically look like they're 30-40
6I also always hated this. Those noises however seem to be especially used in a subservant character talking to someone of a higher rank. I think it comes fro this.
experimental/prototype is always 100% better than final model
Particularly battle/action anime/manga:Scientific/medical expert performs some complicated procedure in the field because it's necessaryScene is completely unsanitary, has dust/smoke blowing around, etc.SuccessNo long-term consequences
, 
Important Nichijou announcement later this month
4Final chapter announcement?
7Hopefully not.
7Final chapter
7Why would you say such a thing?
7Nichijou would need to have acquired Nippon's National Treasure status before it can even consider stopping.
What if it's an OVA by KyoAni? A men can dream
4There's been rumors on 2ch for a while now that the manga isn't that popular so it was going to be cancelled soon.
2it was going to be cancelled soonWell, all good things must come to an end then.
7Announcing an important announcement and having it turn out to be that it is ending is the single scummiest thing I can imagine so it better not be that.
1This is Kadokawa we're talking about, it isn't above them to do that.
7SHUT YAR MOUTH
7this
2;_;
2Filthy FrankSHUT YAR MOUTHGet the fuck out.
2Here's a better idea, make a new season of the anime to renew interest in the manga instead of ending it. Fucking Kadokawa.Hell, how about rebroadcasting the anime? Actually, could that be it? A Nichijou re-run?
7I didn't find an accurate pic so I just grabbed that
8make a new season of the anime to renew interest in the mangaThat failed miserably the last time despite how much work KyoAni put into it.
8Since NHK's version of the show omitted episodes, scenes switched around was very popular, I can't see how they'd want to rebroadcast the original show.
2Nichijou actually ended up making a fair bit of money thanks to insane Kadokawa pricing and successful boxset re-releases, plus it boosted the source manga quite nicely.• Nichijou averaged 3,019 with a 4:1 BD:DVD ratio, with a total of just under ~¥290m pre-tax revenue over 13 discs. • This is the equivalent of a 4,907 average if it were the same price per disc but only 8 discs, or 4,362 if 9 discs.• If they'd cut the number of discs, they would have needed 44.4% more average unit sales at 9 discs and 62.5% at 8 discs in order to make the same amount of money. Would cutting discs have resulted in those increases? Unknown. If not, then they'd have made less money. If yes, then we'd still need to factor in lower boxset sales due to more people already having it, which eats into some of the later gains. It's a pretty tricky calculation to make, however you slice it.In the end, Nichijou boosted manga sales 1,005,300 volumes in 2011 with two new volumes released, thus solid back catalog sales, had "average" disc sales at an unusually high total price which means decent revenue of ¥290m, and had solid boxset sales BD, DVD, Director's cut for another ¥100m+. Nobody is going to hold Nichijou up as an example of a smash hit, but calling it a flop is just as sketchy and relies *purely* on the fact that the KyoAni name generated much higher sales expectations from fans than.any other would have.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
9Oh. So it make profit. Good.
Holy shit please OVA or 2nd season
59NHK VersionDirector's cutI didn't know about this until now and I just looked it up. Holy shit, it sounds awful, I'm appalled that it even exists, not to mention that it was more popular or successful than the original version. Why butcher something that was literally perfect? This disgusts me.
7Most likely either this or more of the anime, no in-betweens.
4Stage playLive action movieSpin-off manga
What if it was more character song CDs?And would people actually buy it this time?
4Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！
4It either ends or it's getting a movie. Most likely the former.
8Why would it end? Sales are great and the manga isn't showing signs of wrapping anything up.
4Because all good things must end.
4the manga isn't showing signs of wrapping anything up.Oh boy
8Nichishitgood
8Solid reasoning. 8Yes? I own every volume; is there something you would like to share?
Season 2 by Shaft
9Shit never ends anon.
5There's that timeskip chapter and the manga is on hold ever since
1Would watch.
1from one of the most well animated TV shows of all time to literally a slideshow
1I would watch it. Or 4th season of SZS.
3the manga is on hold ever sinceThen isn't the announcement that it'll come back?Well that was an easy mystery and a waste of time
4Okay, I'm a little bit excited. I know I shouldn't be, but I am.
3And?
6Wake me up when we get another PPD.
1Please no they always end up putting their own meta Shinbo shit
0And the announcement is that the manga is coming back and will end
7or maybe that it's just coming back and nothing about it ending
6Ah. Yeah that makes sense...7tbh I would take a final volume and a nice ending over the hiatus we have now any day.
0Fucking thisＳｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Ｓｅａｓｏｎ　２　ｈｙｐｅ！！！ Keep funposting until it happening
3Everything will end. Your point?
6doesn't have to be any time soon
5Not even 1/4 of enough source material though...
7Cool story. Have fun with that while I refer to the publisher websites and あらゐs official sites.
37they need to have an announcement of the announcement that the manga is coming backwhat a complete waste of time
2I'm fine with one cour of 12~ minute episodes.As long as the animation quality is top notch again.
5btw it's not Kyoani, it's Satelight. Or DEEN.
9Is Gosick similarly "not that big of a flop" by any chance?
1totally agree.
7woooo~big news everyonewe're bringing back the manga so we can end it
5I think I'd take them over Shaft
4That is what people are fussing over? Jesus, Japs are as dumb as anons. It is called sensationalism to sell magazines. If anything it reads as though they are going to have something people have been waiting for, hence the reference to ご愛顧に感謝.
4Is /a/ trolling me on this show?Dropped 5 episodes in.
0I didn't know about this until now and I just looked it up. Holy shit, it sounds awful, I'm appalled that it even exists, not to mention that it was more popular or successful than the original version. Why butcher something that was literally perfect? This disgusts me.Because a lot of the jokes really doesn't work no matter how much animation it gets
3Don't forgetpachinko
0PachinkoGODFUCKINGDMANPACHINKOOOOOO!Every time something good could happen, Pachinko happens instead.

4Season 2 by Of fucking course it's Satelight
2
5Ｇｅｔ　ｒｅａｌ．
28So it's just the end of the hiatus?
Season 2 and 3 announcement
9Looks like it. It is around June/July, afterall. Trust people to sperg out before spending a minute to do some basic research.
Nichijou is a very good anime.
3Alongside a new volume of 苺ましまろ and season 2 of ゆゆ式。
4Season 2 or nothing.YES, I'M FUCKING EXCITED NOW.
Season 2 by Satelight.
I seem to recall another Kadokawa series animated by Kyoani, whose source material was also on a relatively long hiatus, and whose anime was also desired another season by many, having the promise of a big announcement exactly a year ago as well.
4ALS-kun ;_;
4inb4 Helvetica Standard anime by Asread
4 OP2There's been rumors on 2ch for a while nowWhether or not it's ending, lasting around four or so years after the anime ended isn't a shameful end. Some anime weren't as lucky I'm looking at you, Kitakubu.
05Drop the trip and give up mate.
tfw season 2 will flop hard because nips hate good showstfw they'll realize they can't get them shit tasters like the manga and just cancel it
6Stalker is that you?
5What?
7No one likes a tripcunt. Into the filter you go.
Season 2 by PA Works.
5No, Kadokawa will just drop the price and added more extra. if they ever learn
7PA worksnot an original work
4it's a second season, right? right?
5nice tumblr gif fag
5
, 
Drawfag Thread 1510second rarfag's files until thread 1499:Friends Booru!help a little by tagging pics!Tag list of artists and colorists: a delivery or sudden 404? references and tablet guide: 1509 9
Requesting either Ruka or Miu licking Eriko’s navel after a long exercise session, Eriko looking embarrassed but cannot deny the sensations she’s feeling as a saliva and sweat mixture dribbles down from her bellybutton down her sides.
how good am i /a/is he recognizable
4jo jo?
4ash ketchum?
Draw this girl.
Requesting Arararararagi protecting Shinobu from Guillotine-Cutter as depicted in the scene supplied from Drive.Thank you
Requesting Charlotte piledriving Houki to the floor and taking advantage of her position to finger Houki until she gives up.
Requesting bullying with crying
Requesting Sandalphon left playing with plushies of the Gunbuster bugs middle while Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann tells the view that Gainax is over meaning this will never happen.
Requesting a hairstyle chart of Rias.
Requesting girls from older things being re-designed and getting upgrades.
Kurousagi impregnatedWhile she's cuming and crying, "Yes!"Or Shiroyasha screwing her with a futa dick or horsecock; she's the one in the chair
Twoearle having her delicious huge breasts suckled lightly, or a fat dick fucking her beasts and her nipples pulled, until she orgasms
Rev up those copy-paste machines!
5Requesting Tailred inseminating Twoearle as revenge for turning him into a fucking girl
OR here. Holy dicks, it's almost, almost perfect, but her Iris isn't black. Please fix that kind anon, and will suck your dick metaphorically.
Billy Herrington cosplaying Kotetsu please.
Requesting Akiha blushing deeply with a bewildered expression as Sacchin cheerfully points at a potty and asks if she needs to use the potty. Alternatively, anything cute with Satsuki acting like a babysitter for Akiha would be great.
Hey GoldenSmurf, if you're around. Did you ever finish that one image of Rena from Higurashi?
Prim and proper in public, but a sub-human beast in bed who screams hard and bites her lover's shoulders whenever she is fucking him. And she loves raw anal.Draw both sides of Ikaruga, perhaps the former mainly in a sexual act, suggestive, or completely SFW.
Requesting Pitz doing something adorable like being in fresh warm laundry.
Requesting yandere Lala holding Haruna close to her face and demanding Rito's kiss back, licking her lips seductively upon seeing Haruna's scared expression.
3
8drawthreadDRAW THE WORST GIRLSON I'M DISAPPOINTED
8A sketch of Kiss-Shot.
Witchie getting fucked or getting her face blasted by cum, or in her womb.Or done by some animal, drinking it or being impregnated
1/h/
Alright /a/, gimme something cute to color.If nothing, I'll just start coloring that love live anal pic.
Requesting this panel from Asterix redrawn with Battle Tendency characters.From left to rightGetafix as Lisa LisaStoned Obelix as Caesar's graveAsterix as JosephAnd the remaining Gauls as the 4 pillarmen
8Just do what your heart most desires and side with your dick
8also streaming href="#p126361036" class="quotelink"6Well actually my dick is kinda sore right now :V
7just soreThen the only solution is to beat it some moreKeep beating it until you wind up in court
8color this operator tamamo
8Sounds like a plan.9OK!!!
8love live anal pic.WHERE
4He's just pulling it out of his ass
8i-if you'd like, i'd like to see someone else's color of it.
4this one 1Let me finish that tamamo
6You can't see anything.
6I'm gonna tackle this one tommorow. I have to take a 3-4hr power nap and then go to work :
7That makes it hotter
6Gross.
7OR here, fucking based drawfag, ty
Could someone please draw me some hair for this bitch, please. I added an example from another character from the same series, and references below. Thanks 
7play it fag
9I didn't continue it since then. It's honestly likely to end in the folder of the WIPs I'll never finish.
7Diskfag is into analAt the least he has taste.
Requesting foot related lewds.
3Jumped ship already, Kogasafag?
As a wolfgirl like Horo, either having a nap in the nude or brushing her tail in the nude please.
2If you expand upon what it is you're asking for I'll take a quick snap at it when I wake up. I don't fully understand. You want long hair style for Haruno? Who is "this bitch"?
9I see. Well I'll hope that you decide to continue it at some point, I was liking the way it was looking.
0and you tomorrow after the other one which'll be more enjoyable.CALL ME THE JANITORFAG MOTHERFUCKERS
2O...okay, Janitorfag.
6Is that futa?
5You can't even tell its anal though.3FUCK1I'm sure I've pointed that out a few times.
Requesting Tomoko and her friend Yuu as sexy nurses with Tomoko's hair tied in a pony tail and Yuu's cleavage wide open.
86that's the beauty of that image, it leaves everything to the imagination
Requesting Issei from High School DxD with his full Balance Breaker  Ddraig and Albion arms doing Hell And Heaven move from GaoGaiGar
Kanase from Strike the Blood getting creampied and impregnated with x-ray.It'd be all happy and vanilla with hand-holing, teary eyes, and smiling.Also requesting her dressed as an angel, how one typically looks or the MGE version.
3For some reason I didn't zoom out until the very end of colouring before I realised it looks like shit. I'd have done it differently but I'm off to watch the football now, so this will have to do I suppose.
Can I ger a drawing of Tamamo-no-Mae, aka Caster from Fate/Extra, getting reclassed as either a Saber or Assassin?
1
Requesting art of Yukano. Or if anyones up for doing lewds of her, lewds are fine.
Requesting an owl going "Whoot Whoot."
Requesting Kurumi as a Dragon Monster girlRefs: imgur.com/a/0ACR1
Requesting Houki wearing this 
Requesting fusion of Arata Demon Lord Form, Issei Balence Breaker and Tatsumi Incursio.
7Hot damn, that's nice.Is that drawfag still active?
5No, Kriririririririn is dead. ;_;
Requesting Mimi Tasogare from Duel Masters exercising by doing martial arts moveskicks, punches, etc on a punching bag in a dojo, please!Wearing some nice exercise clothes would be pretty hot, with a little tone on her belly too!Like this: if you pick this up!
Requesting these two fucking like or or or something competitive like mud wrestling; alternatively this with any of the other goddesses and their counterparts ie Vert, Blanc
Make an erotic drawing based on this line and picture.
9This sounds like an exam question.
New rar for threads 1500-1509 is done:requesting a drew struzan style poster for stardust crusaders.
3Counter requesting Charl and Laura wearing that.
9Here ya go, sorry for the camo thing, I tried doing that kind of stuff for the 1st time so it sucks. Sorry about that.1Will work on this one later, gotta go to work in an hour. In the meantime. do you have color references?
5no worries bro, thanks nice work
5Nicely done.
Requesting Kuroko holding Frenda's arm out to keep her off balance and slapping Frenda in the groin with her other hand.
Hello all, if someone could draw something of Haqua anything is fine, it would be much appreciated.
9There's a Sket Dance OVA? Holy shit when did this happen? Hell I still want my 3rd season.
Requesting some hot Kurumi on Tohka yuri submissive-dominating action, please.Like Tohka's arms held up and Kurumi having her way with her, hard fingering and fondling or like or 5 and the other archvermin yuri picsCan be Kotori instead of Kurumi.
4I think it was after the anime ended, or just before it.Either way S3 never because the manga was cancelled, so it was a kinda shit ending. Saaya didn't win naturally.
5He's not the only person that likes cute, sexy, delicious feet.
I'd like to see these two doneif they're rough and all, even clean lines would be nice.
3He's one of many who won't shut up about them, you included.
0Ratio of foot posts from footfags to rageposts from antifootfags is like 1:6Shut the fuck up already everyone is tired of your shit
3Anti-footposting is only projected to get bigger and bigger as time goes on. Why contain it?
Requesting motorcycle Suiseiseki.
Rquesting an edit of this poster but instead of the American flag it's a Britannian flag from Code Geass with the title "Britannian Sniper" instead of "American Sniper"
Not on my watch.
Requesting Stocking and Satsuki having tea together.
Patchy in a room full of her lewd doujinshi.
Requesting Asuka Langley Shikinami saying "Congratulations! You did it!" while wearing a cap and gown and looking absolutely cute
Requesting a pov of Spice Girl grinding on the viewer reverse cowgirl saying "WANNABE inside me?"
Requesting anything with the Chaikas from Chaika and the Biblioprincesses from Dantalian
Requesting a sequel to this suggested by the replies to this comic where Madoka unties Kyubey's tail out of her stupid innocent, only for Kyubey to then use the tail to get Madoka into a trance.
Requesting link related with Nyaa-tan and Moo-tan. 
I'd like Miku getting fucked like or using a toy. Okay to use another girl like Natsumi or both of them
5
1doesnt she already have long hair?
5nah man, it's a freehand. I personally made her hair limegreen, and eyes an off turquoise, but whatever you want.
Need motivation. Taking simple direct request.
7draw girls a starcraft medics
7Cyan from Show by Rock jamming on top of a Terran vehicle of your choice
7I want something else like this. Use whatever character you think would make sense.
Was she drawn?
6FUCKThanks?
6mass delivery of the first thread.
Requesting Teto with her top opened in a cumshot picture on her face + chest or into her womb, smiling and double peace no ahegao.
5I didn't think you knew about that image. So, FUCK.Back to being dead.
0implying anyone else here is as anal about anal as you
3Do you like anal of your waifu?
6No, butts are for pooping only.
3I'm pretty sure there are6not him, but... anal of my waifu is like the best thing.
7how about 9
25pic related, eye reference
Requesting Isla doing the pose Shia is doing with the words DO IT!, or a mini comic strip of Isla doing Shia's motivational speech.
0Give me a bit... I may not finish it due to the sheer amount of editing required.
Requesting some lewd Raphtalia.
1not having her say "DO ME!", implying that she's trying to get Tsukasa to fuck her
0Yeah, not going to happen. The amount of masking and text replacing is beyond my skill level. I can do other 'Shops if anyone has a request though!
Requesting a tree and teahouse.
On your rare travels to the outside world, you encounter this supposed witch who is offering you anything you want as long as you never talk to her in public again.What would you have her do? Draw if you can, request if you can't.
1Be my wife, of course.Requesting her in a bridal gown.
96Can you do it without the text?
CLEAR!
5Requesting Tsukasa being NTR'd.
Requesting this fusion chart, thanks in advance.Of Futayo Honda, Angela, and Jun the Swan
Requesting Violet and KarukoBetter reference for Karuko here or sexy preferred.
Requesting the classic OreImou cover with Kirino and Kyousuke replaced with Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton. Who takes what role doesn't bother me.Though "my little teammate can't be this smug" would be a good tagline.
Requesting color for this delivery of Asuna please, color refs inbound.
4If you're too lazy to color the background I'd be fine with just her being colored, thanks! Or you could always go for a really simple background.
Requesting this, an illustration of her naked on a bed that has a lot of money on with with a few notes on her body.
4Claimed for next week
4Thanks Tamabro! Also, reference for the jersey if you need it. Take your time! And sorry for posting this all in separate images, I'm on mobile right now
7Any Desu is fine but reference to Starcraft would be a bonus!
/r/ing Sasaki and Haruhi as the devil and angel on Kyon's shoulders, giving him advice.
Draw Ouka, maybe doing the awooo pic.In heat, posing like a model, whatever goes or if someone can draw her getting the knot from a big wolf
I'd like Cthune right having happy sex and Kuuko maybe catching her with her face darkened, or Kuuko getting fingerfucked beside her, maybe Cthune teasing her nipple or clit.Or the other way around for either/both.
Requesting full-idol raifusAnd wearing power? armour like their actual gun
5sorry for the following quality of of deliveries, starcraft units are hard to draw, and i actually feel worse than i thought.also its weird how a single picture of a starcraft unit invokes a significant number of starcraft requests
9let be honest, there's no way i would have drawn the tank seriously.
3not sure if this is what you had in mind
9i had the longest time trying the draw the critter, with no success. so i gave up, and drew it in my own style. sorry
4a bit late to the party m8. i also had the longest time trying to make desu sc relevant. this is the best i can do
8This is the path you choose for yourself dropship-kun!They look great. I always love your stuff!
4That's still a pretty freakin awesome sight to see. Thanks Dropship-kun.
4Patriots Ahahahaha what a fag!
BoredWorking on this 1
8Tired of this shit
Welp, too tired...idk if going to continue coloring that or focus on the anal sex pic tomorrowfor now, a request:Requesting Evil Erika doing evil stuffgnight!5rrrrrico
Draw somebody sleeping or yawning. I don't care who or what, just... do it.
I would like to request a coloring of this drawing of Mai. The clothing she wears is in the third image of the top row of the reference and the necklace she's holding is made of pearls: 2
1I did this up quick.And by quick I mean I did it in like an hour but that's quicker than my usual workpace haha
Requesting Hard Gay meeting Ninja Slayer. HG on one side introducing himself with a "Hoooo!" at the end, implied hip thrusts and sparkles and bubbles in the background, while on the other side NS introducing himself with the usual explosion on the background.References just for the hell of it:quality for NS but that's all I could find on the tube.
ded drawfags
2
7How does she inseminate Twoearle if she's a girl?
4Truely the best deliveries are the ones that make you laugh. Thank you, even if my waifu doesn't get drawn. This has made my weekend.
Requesting lewd with Bulma's mom.
Requesting Hibiki with actually short hair.
4awesome job drawbroi read that like the guy who jumped out during some news anchor's on-air bit, grabs mic and yells 'fuck her right in the pussy!'
3Why? her hair looks so pretty, short is shit
I think it could have been even better if the angel said "in the ass".
2Meant to quote 4
7*Unzips*
1Well you tried, thanks anyone anon.
1thanks anyway
5Looks good. Not OR
8west shit artstyleDropped like a sack of hammers.
8Just came here to say that looks ugly af.
6i see your point but it's not too bad man.3How did it go? Going to get to drawing whatever I said above myself now, had a 2hr bikeride home nearly dead.
3You're ugly to look af.
3
Requesting anime girls going through the Mighty mud mania play-course, which is a real thing I heard on the news.
5Requester here, this is really nice, it's a basic yet sexy outfit and the different hair-do is neat. Thanks!
8Wider face would be better
6I don't have time to color the background, so I'm just gonna drop it, maybe someone wants to pick it up
7I dropped it, sorry. That looks very good anyway
4Nice to see it got done, thank you drawfag.
8OR here. Thank you very much for coloring her; it looks very nice.
CLEAR!
4i-it's not like I wanted to suck it or anythingI fucking love you, anon.By the way, there is a second MGS Nep sketch, with Nep doing the "You're pretty good" Ocelot thing. Are you bad enough dude to take the challenge once again, please?
1Of course! But I'll do it tomorrow, now I'm not homeYou can post the request now anyway, so I'll take a look
8You rock.
8Requesting Nico playing the Erhu known as the Niko 二胡 in Japanese. If you feel like it, Nico can be in a Chinese dress while playing it, but don't feel pressured into drawing it if you don't want to.
Any WIPs?
4That's hilarious drawfriend, I love it. Thanks!
63:^
Can I get lewds of the two silver haired girls from Strike the Blood? Together, solo/staight, or like /u/ whatever is okay.
7That's gorgeous.
Hana wearing a race queen outfit, so try make it like her pink suit if you'd please.
so how about them drawings?
9an old thing. Dunk poses are hard
8pokemon
9Next weekend. I promise
0Iv'e got some Korrina Valerie and Viola somewhere but I can't find them
7You draw really cute. You should do it more. and draw my waifu some day
2but whos your waifu anon? I can't draw her if you don't tell me!
7I kind of want to ask you to draw something for me. I think the body is hot and if you'd go lewder
7dat donuko... those two need to be kissing each other
Rough lewdsAnything lewd and being done roughly
9She was delivered this weekend already, so please no more, i'm not greedy, but if you're around next weekend I know you always are I'll find you.Either way, she's Marika.
4you can expect it in 2 months or more if you do. I can barely finish stuff I decide on myself unless I get some spur of the moment "inspiration"
would anyone be willing to color this?
Requesting Hori and Miyamura having cute, yet awkward first-time sex or more of Miyamura 'abusing' or treating Hori roughly because she likes it. Total Maledom, or having Hori being his pet bitch in pet-play
8how about some fucking refs
tfw Dunkbro is already drawing your waifu
6Kogasafag doesn't know how to draw, Tanpopofag.
7At least he can draw better than you.
8No he can't.
8drawings don't usually do Tamamo's body justice. Especially in that casual outfit, her tits are really big. 
6tamamo no mae from fate extra CCC
6lets see it then
6Proof?
I want a drawing of Misha like 
Requesting color for this please: can be white. shorts a demin like color and thigh highs in main reference.
5Looks nice, picked up
5small wip, out for lunch
Requesting Sawyer squatting down, legs spread, lifting her skirt showing she has a vibrating dildo in her panties, with her looking away, embarrassed and blushing heavily.
4Didn't realize someone else was going to color it for you when I started.Well, here's something to sate you till they deliver I guess. I just wanted to do it since I was wearing patriots pajamas at the time.
Requesting Aki Izayoi as an Alraune, with her hair down, standing in a giant black rose, inviting the viewer to join her inside.Yandere expression is optional.Nude is also optional.
You still here, Lemin?
8cute!
humbly requesting a tired and annoyed Diego Brando in a traditional cap over his inconspicuous DIO hat and gown over his normal outfit that peeks out holding a diploma and saying "It's about god dammed time."thank you!
OLD SPICE BODYWASH BLOCKS DIO FOR 16 HOURS.
2Perfection! ~desu ~desu ~desu
Requesting art of anything that could not be considered a "cast" member. So could be a vehicle, series specific weapon, etc.
8Anon you're the coolest, i have partriots jammies too! Thanks a lot man, it looks great. I don't mind that you colored it too, I think seeing two takes on it will be cooler actually. Have a good week!
Back, so streaming because why not?
CLEAR!
5everyones in the WWD anon dont worry about it.
anyone up for a special College Grad request?
Post WIPs
Requesting colour489And anything of her
6still need to shade it i guess, not sure how much i wanna do that though.
Requesting healthy patchy
7whats up?
Draw Shiki!0Sounds nice! But what about a different kind of graduation if you know what I mean?
3dunk shiki!
3OR here, it's looking good enough already. Can't wait for shading.
0i'm exhausted. I may redux this tommorow with fresh eyes so i can fix the issues with their shoulders and then redo the lines for better coloring and all that, but for now, i need some sleep. Wolfgirl next.
3Shiki was my first request i ever took all that time ago. man ive improved so much.Sounds nice! But what about a different kind of graduation if you know what I mean?n-mo anon im tired from finals and just wanted a nice looking mushy grad present2
1you ever gonna expand on that bottom portion? I desperately want to fap to it right now.
1ive been redoing my old drawings recently, so yeah ill do the rest at some pointi just want my grad request done in time for celebrationill stop begging now
can i get some nice lineart on jolyne kujo ?
4/b/
5Here ya go.Now coloring that anal pic, after a break
5Damn that's hot, nice work on the colors. Not OR
Don't you die on me, dammit!
4OR, I hope you don't mind waiting a bit more. I got confused on what I'm trying to draw so I need a little more time to unfuck myself.
Tohka stabbing her sword in the ground in the style of Ike from Super Smash Bros. Brawl/PM/4
Please someone draw a tribal girl Homura, Ikaruga, and/or Yomi from Senran Kagura, like this pic here? Maybe also 4 or using pampered 'ojou-sama' type girls 1
Can we please get some good Pune-pinr art up in here? She's the hottest lady on the show, yet there's nothing for her. It's a damn shame
4requesting tribal Kaerun
3*Pine-pine. Stupid auto-correct.
1~40 more frames to go
Posting a coloring WIP and a request:Requesting a bunch of magical girls either running away or fighting a group of sentinel robots from the x-men.Goodnight!
Requesting Gyro Zeppeli and Duke Nukem duking it out.
6seconded as alwaysdamn you're still here huh?
5take this too
5dat nico
7We're here forever, remember?
6this
4tell me about it.2us jojos
0Doomfest?
Bump
WWD is overback to this ol thread i guess
7We still need a drawing of the WWD waiting room.
0
AAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGHHHHHH
3yo
9may or may not continue with this. this quick doodle is just to get the thread out of page 9
0I might try to finish this later.
6Thanks a bunch drawfriend. I really like your style.
5Asoc good job. Looks better than your other stuff.
Any cockmonglers streaming?
3That's so weird it just might work
She wasn't drawnThanks guys...
8No problem bro
8Since assassin's taken.
9The eyes are cute and so is the nose but what I really like is the lighting. Fantastic job anon.
9That's really nice, how long did it take you to paint like that?
9i love it. what are your steps for painting like that?
9get a paint brush, click the page a few times, save as sword class.jpg
draw something for someoneno thank youno responsenothing
6wake up3 threads passed after getting a deliverylink back thanksnobody respondsoh god did they see it?
6You still did a good job, don't worry.
8 8 6gets free shithates it and leaves a snarky replydeletes itmakes a nice commentdeletes it
Madoka with American flag ribbons eating a large burger.
1what if he did a bad job?
Any massive waifu tits that need drawing RIGHT NOW?
8Nah. But thanks for asking.
8are you going to draw it because show previous work if so
8my waifu's massive tits are completely flat, can you draw them?
74Thanks to the two artists that drew RJ! I hope you read this thread, I was only able to see them now.
4might continue this well
9As well, I mean. Too tired to English.
CLEAR!
CLEAR!
13Neat.
, 
, 
, 
, 
american version of the Death Note movie will be moving forward with a new director.Adam Wingard will start directing the movie after "The Woods" is finished. Jeremy Slater fantastic four reboot behind the script, although not confirmed that will be the script usedI would like to point out that Shane Black being no longer connected to this movie is potentially catastrophic to the quality of the movie. Shane Black was the ONLY MAN who wanted this movie to retain the elements of the anime and keep Light as the ultimate bad guy.
Live action adaptations are shit.More news at 12.
4Jeremy Slater fantastic four reboot behind the scriptSo how many characters are going to get turned into blacks?
4Meh.I'm just okay with this if the "adaptation" would simply be loosely based and focused on the titular object and not much else; an american Light / L / everyone else doesn't really translate well.
Warner Bros proposed changes to the storyDirector Shane Black explained at his Long Beach Comic Con panel on the 29th October 2011 that the new Death Note project had been in jeopardy. Warner Brothers initially wanted Light Yagami to become the good guy, while Ryuk would be cut from the plot altogether. Black was largely opposed to this and insisted that a faithful adaptation was the correct way to go. Fortunately Black went on to say that eventually the original elements of the main character Light has been restored in the script, and added that this is what the film should be about.[6] Warner Bros literally just fired this guy so they could make Death Note: SJW, didn't they?
1"Light-chan you're such a darling! You scored so well on exams again! Would you like me to pack you an extra special bento?"Imagine a 45 year old white women saying this.
5Good guyCutting RyukWhats the point then?
5Warner Brothers initially wanted Light Yagami to become the good guyBut he already is.
6So they can insert whatever generic Hollywood script they have laying around that needs recycling.
4Adam WingardLiterally who?
Can't wait for the butthurt from Asian Americans complaining about no Asian American actors being hired
9that was the Josh Trank's doing because he's friend's with the actor from when they worked together on Chronicle.
9But he already is.I'm assuming Warner Bros is proposing that american audiences don't want to watch a movie where the main character is a psychotic serial killer
Didn't the script for this movie get leaked years ago?
9But isn't Hannibal like really popular? And wasn't Dexter? Shit, that had 8 seasons. Yeah, that excuse is no good.
4Dear god.This just makes me sad. Kill me please. It's not that I care about the movie, I cara because I actually like Death Note and I don't want to see shit using it's name
2I would actually be interested in seeing Chronicle's MC as Light the same way he was in Chronicle. It would be different from Light appearing as perfect on the outside but it would still be interesting.
8Bates motel is also popular and it's about a pathetic dude wanting to fuck his momwhich is ok, what's not ok is that he's pathetic
Why can't they just make a horror movie spinoff for death note? Seriously?just have it take place in a school, one of the students gets a death note and people start dying left and rightshit would be GREAT for a horror movie. you could have people die in gruesome ways and it would be justified because the book can make you die in gruesome waysplot twists and mindfucks when the dying characters are forced to give false leads to the main characters in their dying breath
MuvLuv Alternative Trillogy where Holywood?
2That script never became a movie. They're revamping it.
1Yes. And they could change the fact that he's a genius/pretty boy and that he gets the death note.Instead he has superpowerslike carry and can mindrape people. Fantastic, this way it would have NOTHING to do with DN and everyone would be happy.
So they're going to make Light the "good guy"?Let me guess: Light is accused of a crime he didn't commit. The crime belongs to a gang of thugs connected to the death of his mother. Light must use the Death Note to find the truth that will prove his innocence while being chased by the cops
5Light Yagami to become the good guyThen who the hell are the bad guys? The people Light kills? Because there's no way you make a detective attempting to stop a serial killer look good, even if all the victims of that murderer were all immoral.
Is Black Lagoon the only anime that could be made into a good live action movie?
6If Ryuk doesn't exist in this version of Death Note, that means the origin of the death note will probably be changed to belong to some satan worshipping cult, and the note actually belonged to one of the cult members who will try to kill Light and take the Note back, now Light is the good guy because he must keep the death note away from the people trying to use it for the powers of evil
6Because there's no way you make a detective attempting to stop a serial killer look goodThey will go Monster way and Light is actually innocent. or this8
5Makes me want to put eat a bullet
8So they're going to make Light the "good guy"?Easy really.Death note is possessed by dark spirit. Light is now innocent of all crimes and when purified of the evil spirit the death note is destroyed. Light was good guy all along
The entire problem with making Light the good guy is not so much that it's different to the original story I mean that is bad, but that's not the biggest problem, it's that his being the villain means he has an outlet for his hubris to reveal itself. If you make Light the good guy, you limit how arrogant he is, which is a trait that is not only vital to who he is as a character but it's also the entire fucking reason he loses in the end.
4Is there anything that doesn't instantly turn into shit once hollywood gets their hands on it?
0No, the entire problem IS that it changes the original story.If light isn't the bad guy then things don't go the same way and it turns into shit.
4i can see this. Light's character can still exist, and a ghost that wants all criminals dead can take possession of Light when he writes names in the bookbasically scapegoating the fact that Light is a serial killer from american eyes through plot armor.
9No, Dragon Balll too
4Light should be Zac Efron. He's a Death Note fan and looks exactly like him.
3No, there's not.I think even twilight was better in the books. 9There's a lot. Gangsta could work just fine. Also is there any news about the Monster HBO series?
How hard is it to not fuck up an adaptation in Hollywood?
1Efron might've worked for the part 7-8 years ago when people would've actually wanted this movie to be made.
Why does Hollywood need to make Light a good guy? Breaking Bad had a villain protagonist, but it was still a commercial and critical success.
1I don't know if I could take him seriously as Light. Not to mention that he's 27 and looks it, back in the day it might have worked.
1Light is 17. Zac efron is like 300Imposible. Hollywood doesn't care. They change the entire plot and add something like light having a fight in a partylike goku or some cliche like that.Then they earn a couple million dollars and move on with it
8His first victim is a white supremacist terrorist whom he tried to warn everyone about but they wouldn't listen.He then runs the gamut of offing every other politically-incorrect Hollywood villain.
i'm trying to think of a way to make Light a good guy without destroying the storylet's seeLight actually falls in love with the girl halfway through and realizes he's fucked up and kills himself to save her life. Girl now has second chance of life, and everyone will remember Light's sacrifice as a true american hero
Does anybody actually expect this film to be good?
4Dragon Ball Evolution
4Fuck you, know I remember evolution was a thing
They're 7 years too late to really leech off the success of the anime and manga in the west.
0I guess that's the issue with Hollywood adaptations, really.The Japanese Death Note was fairly loyal to the manga, but with nearly all Japanese live action movies, the hair and costume design is over the top. I get that it's trying to be faithful, but there is no toning down in an attempt to be realistic. And sadly, the casting choices are generally terrible, and it's all melodramatic kind of stuff you see in typical Japanese and Korean daytime dramas.With Hollywood, you get drastic script rewrites, going off story, Michael Bay like explosions and tons of CGI, and half the times it's basically dead right out the gate because the localization is so severe it takes all the character out of the story itself.Of course they want Light to be the good guy. The problem with this is exactly what you wrote, are they going to develop him over time becoming more and more arrogant to the point of developing a literal God complex? This is really the crux of his character evolution. He is a 'good guy' in his mind, but it's supposed to be apparent to the reader that basically, his 'soul' is being corrupted along the way.
0Money, dear boy.And no, they don't spend it on anything, they just look at it...
6Nono, his first victim is a Russian or Sandnigger because they need to put in some propaganda.
0Japan just started up a drama and a musical for it, I wonder if there's any reason for it suddenly getting a bunch of adaptions.
0000This holy shit. The anime ship as a whole has sailed in America.
0That's the point.Warner Bros. spent a significant amount of $$$ to secure movie rights for a Death Note movie in the west like 9 years agoThis is them trying to make some kind of money off the IP and justify the costThis will also be their excuse to "introduce a new vision of Death Note" and re-introduce the IP to american audiences without the anime/manga fags shitting on its rotten tomato score
0Committing sudokuThat would make him an true Japanese hero.
9Black Lagoon, Jormungand, Monster, pretty much anything with a more western setting and straightforward plot.
5Death Note: SJWLight kills well-known racists, sexists, homophobes, transphobes, businessmen/politicians, as well other people who aren't "socially progressive."The audience is expected to cheer for him because he's murdering people unwanted by modern civilized society instead of seeing it as a insane, hypocritical, intolerant madman forcing his views on society with death. Except no subtlety.
0Not really m8, Death Note is still popular as fuck and pretty much everyone that watches anime/reads manga has seen it. You know why i'd like this movie to be made? because then people would start buying Death Note, which is nice
2You just don't get Hollywood these days, do you?
9Spice and Wolf
4Light is a 17 year old JEWDon't lie, you KNOW it will happen
3They'd ruin it with a heavy focus on melodramatic relationship drama and too little economics.
4Light's grandparents were in the holocaustHe now has the power to murder every nazi in america
4Nah he'll probably be black.
2OK, I...I'll admit I'd watch this.
4And he kills neo-NazisInglorious Basterds 2
Is Light going to be played by an actor that's at least half-Asian? I don't see a white guy being named Light Yagami being taken seriously by audiences.
2Light was discriminated as a child by bad blonde americans that hate jews
4That is something that would never happen because they would never paint blacks as murderers.
4They'll change his name to Light Yankee or some shit
4Implying he will me named YagamiHahahahahaa, you're so silly anon. His name will be Light Johnson
AsiansGetting good roles in Hollywood
4Ight Ya-mean
2I can see the moral already"if you kill a nazi, you are just as bad as they are"then warner bros gets sued up the ass for nazi sympathizing and goes bankrupt
7Errrr, not exactly Hollywood's fault when it came to TMNTLiterally no asian wanted to play the role of Shredder
5Light JohnsonSounds like code for Baby Dick
4Then they'd be sued because the're making asians look like killers. He'll be white, and he won't kill black people because that's racist. He'll kill slavs, sandniggers, homophobic people and shit like that
9you do realize death note with light as the good guy is just a right wing wet dream, right? It's pretty much judge dredd played straight
What the fuck happened to Gus Van Sant? Wasn't he supposed to take over?Who the fuck is this Wingard?
1Because we all know how right wing the media is, everyone in the media loves pandering to conservatives.Come on Anon, you should know better.
620 credits 2016 The Woods filming Death Note announced I Saw the Devil announced 2015 Outcast TV Series 2014/I The Guest 2013 V/H/S/2 segment "Phase I Clinical Trials" 2012 The ABCs of Death segment "Q Is for Quack" 2012 V/H/S segment "Tape 56" 2011 What Fun We Were Having 2011 60 Seconds of Solitude in Year Zero 2011 You're Next 2011 Autoerotic 2010 A Horrible Way to Die 2008 Paradox Mary Short 2008 Laura Panic Short 2007 Pop Skull 2007 1000 Year Sleep Short 2007 Home Sick 2005 The Girlfriend Short 2004 The Little One Short
1Hollywood is almost entirely Left-wing. There's no way in hell they're going to endorse a Right-wing message and portray a teenaged Conservative as a moral person, especially when his method is going after certain groups and killing them to improve the world.
6Van Sant lost it. Sea of Trees was one of the worst reviewed films in Cannes history
5Literally who: the films
5The Guestthe guy who directed the Guest is directing Death Note
2The plot is that the death note was actually created through Nazi occult magic to kill jewsNow the quirky and progressive L must protect the world from neo hitleryfw
1Every great director in history has made at least one bad or mediocre film. It's too early to say whether or not he's lost it.
5Eh, The Guest was pretty good
anime movie going forward with new director after previous director dropped outI'm shocked. Well, not really. Call me when the trailer is up on YouTube. Until then, it's still in production hell like all the other live action anime Hollywood movies.
5HOLD THE PHONE GUYSTHIS ADAM WINDGARD GUY DIRECTED A MOVIE THAT IS JUST LIKE DEATH NOTEA soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence."MAYBE THIS GUY KNOWS WHAT HES DOING
2He hasn't made a well reviewed film in like 8 years
cue "falling away from me" riff
7mfw american death note will be final destination 2.0
7Its pretty much just a slasher film with the soundtrack from Drive
1I was going to call bullshit on that, but then I remembered 2008 was 7 fucking years ago. Where does the time go?
7This guy is western as fuckThis guy literally directs nothing but American moviesThis is his first time directing anything remotely Japanese. It's not gonna end well. He's just gonna be listening to Warner Brothers telling him what to do anyway
51Out goes one trashy director, in comes another.So amidst these 5 years of development hell, the film has had 3 different directors and a script that's constantly being re-written amidst warfare between director and producers. On top of that, the current director is D-Grade.This will be a complete disaster. 4.2 on IMDB and 2% on Rotten Tomatoes.
258The next Dragonball Evolution is upon us. Can't wait for the trainwreck.
Anyone else looking forward to the upcoming Robotech movie?Is Tobey MaGuire still the producer/lead?
Just curious, do they need Ohba's permission to go ahead with this movie?
The big 3...DBZ EvolutionGhost In The ShellDeath NoteThese are the three live action american remakes that will make any director terrified to even try again.
2There's a remote possibility the film is actually good, surprising everyone, and reviving interest in the death note brand as a whole
4I'm looking forward to all the diehard fans crying when the movie turns out to completely ignore the source material and turn out shit.
So what are the best live action American anime movies?I'd bet on Chronicle and Edge of Tomorrow
guysi just came back from the futurei saw Death Note. They changed Misa's name to Tessa and made her a brunette. I literally said "what the fuck"
0Then /a/ would hate it even more.
07i don't think you guys know what the left wing is, or have watched any movies. This new death note is probably going to be very similar to batman, if anything. teenaged Conservative as a moral person, especially when his method is going after certain groups and killing them to improve the worldis every single action movie ever made in this country, as well as huge chunks of u.s. foreign policy under both democrats AND republicans
how do you direct a movie like this to a cast that has probably never read a manga in their entire life?
5V/H/SABCs of DeathThis is either gonna be terrible or comedy gold.
0There's a remote possibilityNo there isntHollywood is a machine of death, anything it touches dies, they got involved in video games and they died shortly after. Modern games are worse than the worse moe haremshit anime you could possibly imagine
5Nowhere. Thank God.
5I'm just imagining the first teaser poster being something edgy as hell, like having the death note opened and all of the names of the current world leaders are written on it with varying times, and some shitty slogan like "He writes your destiny."
7Nope. Death Note and its property rights is usually owned by the publisher. They don't need the consent of the author to distribute their works to other related media, because the creators usually signed a contract with the publisher allowing them to advertise their work as they see it. However, film studios usually pay the creators a large sum to either support the adaptation or to at least keep their mouth shut. That's why George RR Martin doesn't offer much criticism concerning GoT and why Alan Moore got even more pissed off when Warner/DC attempted to buy him off with making more Watchmen and to endorse its film adaptation.
The director writes it so that L wins in the movie with some really plausible/cool plot twistI want to see this really. If they were acting like :its a faithful adaption then at the end they say "GOTHCA" I'd still be pleasantly pleased.
What happen to the Monster TV series someone was planning?
9Clannad would work really well
6I wish that movie was never made. Michael Bay is such a bad director.
2What is American Sniper
5They are fucking shit up aren't they.Fuck this world...Firing someone who knows that they are talking about.I'm calling it, this will flop worse than dbz evolution and avatar live action movies combined.
1No it wouldn't. Stop being dumb.
6Literally no asian wanted to play the role of ShredderNo way. Source? I'm pretty sure any Asian male actor is willing to take any role to make it big or at least pay the bills.
9That would be ruined too, they would probably all probably end up being forced to work for the US government to catch a terrorist or similar
9FMAprobably
9Planetes.
3How do you think they'd be able to make it into a movie though? It'd have to be a series of movies.
9A good movie.
3directed by Alfonso Cuarón
05Let's go through the possibilities of how this could turn out:Ignores the source material and is awful/a/ hates it for giving an unearned bad name to one of its favorites.Ignores the source and turns out good/a/ hates it for being an "Americanized Hollywood knockoff"Follows the source material and is awful/a/ hates it for souring Hollywood and the public on manga and/or anime for another generation.Follows the source and is good/a/ hates it for bringing normalfags, casuals, narutards, Twilight fangirls and the rest into "our" world.
4the jew is the villain on a Hollywood movienot going to happen
5Ryuk would be cut from the plot altogetherThat is absolutely retardedRyuk is as essential to Death Note as Light or LLiterally everybody else are expendible
5Follows the source material and is awful/a/ hates it for souring Hollywood and the public on manga and/or anime for another generation.but /a/ doesn't want the public getting into animu and mango
Still waiting Michael Cera as Shinji.
If anyone else is Light I'm going to be fucking pissed.
5I'll take option 3.
9Why would they not?Then maybe America can learn from japan and not be so shit with it's media. I'm referring to the shitty media not the good ones. Then eventually japanese will be implemented in america as the language to learn instead of spanish.
7They'd better get this guy to play him. Though I guess someone like Hugo Weaving could also be an acceptable substitute.Pls no CGI monstrosity played by Andy Serkis..
5Explain how a simple fucking drama story wouldn't work
5Warner Bros literally just fired this guy so they could make Death Note: SJW, didn't they?Need some salsa for all those chips on your shoulder?
0Why would you want a talentless actor? I don't think his hair has even been like that since 2007
7I could see them making the Death Note itself take the place of Ryuk. Having messages mysteriously appear after Light ponders aloud over something.
5I saw the devilThat was good, if not a little too korean. Why remake it?
3Because /a/ has an irrational* fear of normalfags*Okay maybe not so albeit organizations like Crunchyroll will only get more powerful if anime gets bigger in the west. Additionally, fansubbing could be further endangered.0maybe 7 years ago when the movie was first planned, but now? I don't think so.inb4 Benedict Cumberbatch is cast as L
9BL is waaaay too cheesy.
4Adam WingardJeremy Slaterboth shitty indie thriller faggotsOh god this is gonna suck balls.Death Note: Evolution here we come.implying DN isn't shit anyways
1Did you even watch S2?
9Level Ebut knowing Hollywood they'd add Will Smith and call it Men in Black 4.I'd still watch the shit out of it.
1It's too late anon. ;_;
"Just as Planned" scene comesliterally everyone in the theater screams KEIKAKU DOORIYou know it to be true.
9I sincerely believe that a LOGH live action miniseries could work if competent people do it.However that is unlikely and retarded Americans would ruin the script.
9Don't bother with Clint Eastwood or Mel Gibson. They're only tolerated because of their past and the dough their moves rake in. More typical is The Sum of All Fears where they changed mudslime terrorists to white supremacists.
wanting to watch an americanized version of something you've already seen before because its "faithful"not wanting to watch a fresh new experience
0I don't know how that would work unless they just did the first arc and really dramatized it, but even then the tsukkomi and plot twist wouldn't work for a western audience
5Watch cowboy bebopWatch american cowboy bebop where spike is a woman and she only kills bad people because shes a police officerSuch a fresh new experience lel
8James Cameron still wants his waifu to have a movie.
8LOGH live action miniseries could workI doubt it. Unless each episode is movie-length, then it will never work. One of the appeals of LoGH is the large scale and how relatively long it is, making it shorter won't do it any justice.
5If the adaptation cuts out the stupid and ends definitively where it should none of this near/mello crap, dont even keep the door open for it, then it could become something better than the original.Death Note's real story strengths lie in Light's/L's chess game, nothing beyond that.
5Just what does Hollywood do that could be considered "fresh"?
Honestly, chris nolan should've signed up for this.
7It'll be the second coming of the "Motherfucking snakes" line.
5Why adapt it only to make gigantic changes? Why not just make something new if the original property is so incompatible?I'm not one of these sticklers who needs a 1:1 adaptation, but I certainly don't want something that is Death Note in name only.
9Is she still Misa-ble? It's been a few years.
8HBO mini-series?
0look at him now...and voice doesn't really fit light character.besides looks, why should he be him?
8That is how the japenese movie plays out.
1It is a great ending, and a great death.
4So I guess anime adaptations are going to be the new capeshit along with vidya adaptations?
4Nah.Get real.
7made me kek irl
3Didn't the western release of the novels had some brutally westernized covers?
4I don't mind a Hollywood Fate/ movie with their own Holy Grail War story featuring their own original magus characters and Heroic Spirits that haven't been used before.
9A wave of video-game adaptations is definitely happening though. Angry birds animated movie, Zelda tv show, Five Nights at Freddy's recently announced a movie, Warcraft in late production, Assassin's Creed, Nintendo thinking about a Mario movie, hell even a fucking Mine Craft movie; etc.
2That would be amazing.
36so, gravity?
5Ah, that, I agree.But anime will never have a stream of Hollywood adaptations, though.
OnePunch-Man by Edgar Wright when?
8chronicle is based on anime?
4It's practically Akira: Americanized Edition, but without the cyberpunk and biker gangs.
I can't wait for the live action Eva movie anthology.
8In a few ways, the Rebuilds are like a Hollywood adaptation. Quicker, simpler, more action, etc.
8Eva would never work, but Gunbuster might.
4i don't think you guys know what the left wing isIndoctrinated grievance mongers, race baiters and authoritarian scolds.
8I think Michael Bay is planning to do something with it.3Would pay good fucking money to see this1Somehow I think this would work
9Redline.You know it.yfw J.P. Vin Diesel
5Who gives a fuck what /a/ thinks? /a/utists' opinions are the last anyone ought care about.
9Gunnm/Battle Angel Alita?James Cameron is based enough to make it successful too, if not just for the eye candy and visual effects alone.GitS live action would be amazing if he was in charge.
5Hollywood trying to fuck everything upMore news at eleven.
6I hate this /jewtube/-tier meme
4This is like ten years too late.
Matsuda is Chris Tucker
8Oh yeah? Read "The Goldfish Pool" by Neil Gaiman, it's partly based on his brief time at Hollywood in talks about adapting one of his works.
7No, I'm about this whole "More news at eleven" shit. I agree that Hollywood is a cancer.
2That's a saying that's been around for decades.
9Isn't that a result of casting? I don't know much about movies but I would imagine the writer doesn't really have much of a say in that.
9Black Lagoon is fucking shit. Pic related and Mad Bull 34 are much better choices
8But that's why I hate it. You fags need to create something better already.
99There will be at least one token black in the cast, that's for sure. Maybe they'll get Eddie Murphy for Matsuda. Only they'll Americanize the name to "Matty".
9Berser could be pretty good if they had multiple movies.The medievil fantasy setting wouldn't be super cringe worthy in live action.
tfw this will never ever happenHolywood cucks, just pure space adventures. This would be like a second coming of Star Wars, but more funky and with Han Solo as the main character
4FranceBetter than Hollywood
8matter of fact I wouldn't really care who'd adapt it - Cobra is perfectly fit for live action adaptations. As long as they don't make Cobra a nigger and as long as he's still a womanizer without any feminist crap going on
3Or just make Ryuk an ominous guy in suit, give the actor few kilos of apples and make him laugh at everytime Light is plotting something. I know it's bad but it is way better than no Ryuk
4Black Light
So now hollywood is adapting shit anime from a decade ago when are we getting our xxxHolic movie?
5Death Note: SJWWAAAGH THE CONSPIRACY!!!!Dumbass.God knows what they're thinking, but judging by the stuff that's popular right now, it would be Killer: Edgy Anti-Hero. Probably with brooding.5Either this, or they rip-off that stupid movie with bending bullets. Was it "Wanted"? That was also a butchered story.
7Death Mind?Well, why not.
9Now, the touch of Hollywood producers and their magical realm insertion corrupts everything.
2Hollywood is were shekels are.Killing America's enemies is as likely as anything else that's popular.Hell, I would actually say that starting with the leader of not-ISIL would be very likely for various reasons.
4No, he will be white, in his mid-thirties, with a three-day-stubble.And his name is Frank Johnson or something action-movieish.
4Sounds like people who watch fox-news and vote republican.
8Don't forget Akira.
1Oh right, I forgot that there is a live-action movie, and it doesn't suck.Fuck, if producers would simply stop to insert their shit fetishes into everything or try to pander to everyone with retarded concepts the badly written love plot and wacky stereotypical black side character will surely lure in women and negroes! But the MCs must be white, even if it doesn't make any fucking sense! Also, PG-13! or rewrite stuff so it can count as an adaption of some half-forgotten script which rights the want to keep, and simply focus on adapting shit or telling a story, then Hollywood wouldn't suck so much.
4Magneto
i think Legend of the Strongest Man Kurosawa would make a good movie. Cultural translation would not be much of an issue, there's losers everywhere on earth same as him. Only real adaption difficulty i could see would be compressing the story without being retarded.
8I prefer it animated.
8Auto perma ban for anyone who mentions this movie?Difficult to do on a chan and I believe in free speech but I fucking hate Hollywood adaptations.
5Oldboy.Fuck you Hollywood.
9If they don't get any blacks in, the SJWs will be up in arms about "whitewashing". Putting in blacks will literally be the opposite "blackwashing" by their logic.
9Funny you ask
4DROPPED
5This goes for everything, though... /a/ hates everything period.
4Nick Hoult as LTO VALHALLA !
But Light is the good guy. Created almost peace in like 7 years. He did absolutely nothing wrong.
7He didn't direct TMNT, he was just a producer
0one of the most popular anime of all timeliterally THE ANIME for beginnersno, it's fucking perfect, because there are no mechas, and the only thing that's supernatural about this is ryuk. that's it. Honestly you could do this movie with $50-$60 mil budget.
I love how people are pissed about this, but literally not a single post about GITS MOVIE WITH SCARJOYeah, I think Death Note movie is gonna be ten times better than this garbage.
7More news at 9:11
2Speed Racer was awesome. Kill yourself nigger cunt.
2Because we already had threads dedicated to the GitS ones many times already.
0You're next had some great little comedy moments so I would bet on it.
The ride is coming to an end and only a few chapters left of the original.Supposedly Yen Press is shipping out the LN come August/September. I sure will love having another chance at grabbing a fated to be forever incomplete series.tfw spear is such shit his own story is annoying to translate thanks to him.for those new to the ride.
wait this isn't fully translated yet?
Whoever is working on 364, hurry the hell up.
4Check the /updates, Yorai did tl'd it
7ah I see. I usually only check baka. Thanks.
4nigga 367 is out
7yeah but 354 wasn't on baka. I found it though.
9*364
9Was that the chapter from KookieDreamer?
3meant 364. And I don't know.
0Shit
0Naofumi is still basedFucking reincarnators man
Chapter 364... Atlas?ATLAS!
New chaptersMy life has purpose once more!
Holy shit I forgot to keep up, there's a whole 30 chapters to catch up on.
Based Naofumi needs a chastity shield against Sadina.
4SandiaFufufu! Do you think you can resist me forever, Naofumi-chan?
0Not Yen Press, but One Peace Books, which is cause for possible concern.They're a very small publisher, and this will be their first light-novel release. Prior to this, they released a few series like Sasameki Koto and other manga no one really gives a shit about. Those releases had tons of QC problems, but they've kind of improved. So hopefully they don't fuck this up.
0Anime fucking when?
5the anime is going to be a disappointment, i just know it
5How much could a 1-cour anime cover? Up to Pope, stopping right before Cal Mira?
1Either at the end of the pope arc or st the end where they hunt and down and chase the book hero.
2Book heroCome again?The LN?
4LN extended the turtle arc and it was great addtion.
9Is it translated?Oh right, it's licensed. How far did they get?
imo i much rather see a game based on the Shingeki no Kyojin cooking ova than this crap
5I wouldn't be surprised is one happens in the next 3 three years.
0tfw translation fucking never
8Who is that mysterious villain?
8Whats his title again?
8Post more illustrations.BTW author new work is seriously shit.MC wastes points for real money when they need a lot of them to make weapons and armors.100 for every piece.
Are there any epubs available?Last time I checked some guy deleted them because it is licensed, even though the translation is based on a fucking web novel.
8Is that suppose to be Atlas?
9Madokami has epubs for 1-4, and pdfs up until chapter 325.
9On jcafe novel shoppu someone made a collection of pdfs and epubs with licensed stuff included.Try there.
67Thanks, I found some in the comments on yoraikun's site too, nothing very recent though.
Do we have Atla illustrations yet?
1
More recently
8Is that Atla?
Are there scans of the LN somewhere?I know I'm scum, but Amazon will rape me with shipping
5Novel shoppu has up to.vol 9 raw. Eng has yet to come out.
4Yeah, I meant the english ones.
If an anime were to be announced, which studio would you like to see work on this?
1
6Bones I guess? I honestly can't remember many studios that do fantasy.
6 J.C.Staff it will not be a masterpiece but it will at least be a decent work instead of a gangrapeBadhouseaccording to the staff they put it can be better than novel
I'm so glad this crap is over soon. Now we only need someone to translate the LN.
2Fucking this, The WN final arc seem forced as fuck.
3Blame nips that did not want perfect Malty killing off everyone.Malty is love.Malty is life.Malty did nothing wrong.
Is someone reading the loli nazi story? Can someone spoil me about the emperor meeting arc? GT confuses me.
7They are not out yet, but when they are, book depository will be your friend.
2I read a bit of the chinese translations and so far i've been enjoying the LN more than the WN.Mellowed out shieldbro is the best
New mushoku tensei ch at kaezae website
8You know... I imagined her alot skinnier and more muscular in Orca girl form. Still, hnnnnng.
2Would you tap that?
5God yes. In either form. But probably 'human' form. Whale form would crush me.
I think baka-tsuki fucked up somewhere, you can access the removed chapters from yoraikun's site
, 
, 
What is Murata trying to pull off over there?I don't want tournament arcs in my Onepunch Man!
He tied ONE up in his basement and is determined to go solo.
he's going to show these techniques.probably
1You will take your tournament arc and like it.
8This could be a very good reason, thanks for pointing it
1tournament arc10 more years until Tats vs Saitama
Come to think of it, the Monster Association saga isn't over yet.It makes sense to have some filler until it ends in the ONE version.Man, OPM is really meta. Usually a series has mangafags and animefags, this one has originalmangafags and adaptationmangafags.
1Yes it fucking is.
Nanatsu no Taizai is out
2
2
7
3
2Should I be happy that "she" survived? I mean she is a cool character, but her reappearance hammers in the fact that nobody important dies in this series even more
1
7
4oh shit
4
2
5
1Every thread when we have a supposed death.RIP VeronicaRIP HendyRIP MatronaNakaba: Just kidding
6
8
5
3Maybe we should accept that NnT orients itself more towards OP when it comes to character deaths. But the real problem is that Nakaba relies on fakeout-deaths much more often than Oda does
7
0
I'm pretty sure that's Dolores, not Matrona
2
0What makes you so sure? She even has the same scars as Matrona back then
1
1It's fattyshe was matrona's daughtershe now looks like momma
8
Sins or not, Matrona or not, Escanor or not, they are fighting literally right outside where the other commandments are. Wonder how they're gonna pull of this one.
4I don't think we ever saw matrons smile like that, and the fact that she's wearing normal clothes
8
5Done
8Even if Dolores got herself the same scars as Matrona for whatever reason, she still has different eyes and eyebrows than Matrona.There´s also no good reason right now why she should be strong enough to stagger the commandments.I´d say that clearly is Matrona
So how's Matrona going to be jobbed in the next chapter?
5If her clothing tells us anything about her changed attitude, she´s probably gonna grab Diane and gtfo
2I really hope that's fatty and not Matrona for Nakaba's sake. It'd be really stupid if it was the latter.
2She has the same scars, but she doesnt have the boobs, could be the clothes tough, also whats with the emblem on her glove, i dont remember it.My bet is that she is matrona, just for the scars.
99I think it's Dolores just because of her hair. Also she looks younger than Matrona.
6Implying her hair doesn´t look exactly like Matronaslooks younger than MatronaYou´re kidding me right?
What if Diane is just seeing things and next chapter she will actually look like Dolores?
9This. She looks like Matrona but appearances vary pretty widely between different expressions in the manga anyway. It just makes way to much narrative sense for Dolores to appear and not any sense for Matrona to appear.Having her look like Matrona is a stronger hook for the next chapter, so he can fudge things about her appearance for the sake of that.
8Dolores couldn´t have grown so much in just 16 years. That´s not even close to 1 year in giant-years
3Well, you can't actually tell how tall she is relative to diane. She could be the same height except having gotten /fit/, which should be possible within 16 years.
3Didn't she "die" long time before Matronas death?
If we're lucky Diane will die and Matrona and her rock hard abs will replace her
2people don't die when they are killed: the manga
Offscreen death through nothing more than a slight word of mention.
5Meant as a reply to 5
7But if she´s not as big as Matrona, why would Diane assume that it is Matrona?
7Or she´ll finally make a real action-girl out of Diane hopefully with abs
1I stopped caring since author give us a gigantic middle finger by resurrecting Hawk
2It's actually Ban in disguise.
7The hair style is different. Don't need to get so defensive about it. Also Matrona looks a bit more buffed which makes her look a bit older than the one in the the chapter.7Maybe she just confused her because she looks a lot like Matrona and in the next chapter she'll realize is another person. She's having troubles with her memories after all and in time she's right after her death.
I was wondering if this was Dolores as well but she has the same exact scars as Matrona...this is disappointing.
1It's also not impossible for her to take on some of Matrona's features as a tribute to her dead mom. I'm not saying she's definitely Dolores, but the question is definitely still open.
2she got the exact same scars somehow just because
3Hawk is the one character you shouldn´t complain about being revived. He´s some mystical creature we know nothing about1hair style differentDon´t you mean her hair just got longer?pic relatedThanks for making this easier
6her hair just got longer?Yeah, Dolores' hair got longer and she adjusted as Matrona's.
1it is odd though that her expression is nothing like Matrona's. Nakaba may have a case of sameface at times, but he's consistent with a character's eye shape/angle.
I hope it's Dolores too but I won't count on it.
Was pic related posted yet?That poster came with the 1st chapter of Diane Gaiden. Who´s that in Dianes hand? A scrapped character?
5This is why I used "".Whatever happened to Dolores didn't this occured before long before the human betrayal since we don't know how long Diane was gone the second time.
4She just has a kinder expression than normal, that´s all that´s different about her, except for the different clothing and the longer hair. Her tits look a little smaller, but that could be just perspective
7huh weird... and it doesn't look like any of the soldiers they fought or anything. maybe just a random soldier though that she flung?
6Because of the long hair I´d assume it´s a female
6Her tits look a little smaller, but that could be just perspectiveYou should also consider how much more restricting her new attire likely is compared to the pieces of cloth she used to wear. Breasts are pretty squishy.
6Legit argument. She already has Ban's pants.
0THISHer brain is clearly fucked and she was thinking and crying about Matrona's death. Then she saw those attacks and now she sees Dolores as Matrona.
2Am I supposed to be happy she's alive? I mean the bitch murdered Dolores.
6she didn't
4Holy shit you colossal fucking retard. Screencapping all you fucking idiots so you can be reminded how moronic you are next chapter.
9She did actually, read the chapter.
6That doesn't really work on an anonymous image board.
4I think he's implying that this girl is Dolores, the daughter Matrona mentioned she would raise Diane beside.
7More like /a/ overall.
27The body, face and hair is more or less exactly the same in both pictures except for some minor differences. The character in the top picture isn't as buff as in the bottom picture. The breasts in the top picture aren't as buff as in the bottom picture.And most importantly, the character in the top picture don't APPEAR to be as hunched as the character in the bottom picture. Matrona has always been drawn with a very noticeable hunchover in her lower back. Although the top picture is from the front, that doesn't appear to be a hunchedover Matrona.Then again, what the fuck do I know?
4She supposedly sent Dolores on a mission where she then got killed in said mission. Matrona did murder her.
1didn't*
Are they related somehow or just in love? They are always together and she even rests close to him.
7So, when will we get to know the purpose of those fuckhuge gloves on Diane and Dolores? Matrona have small, normal gloves. Is it linked to their control of earth? Does it somehow restrain it for the purpose of training?
3He pampers Derrierie, who I assume is ass girl speaking of which, I can't help but assume the fact that her name is so close to the word 'derriere' is on purpose. So they're probably pretty close; if not lovers, then perhaps a sibling-ish relationship?Also, they've got French seeming names. I wonder if the Demon Clan is supposed to be French?
People actually think this is Matrona.My fucking sides.
8Maybe we should acceptNakaba hated to kill characters since KB, maybe you should learn something about the author first.
Matrona must be dissapointed after all this time and she "giving up her life" for her Diane is still as pitifully weak as ever. And she lost her memories again.
1I wonder if the Demon Clan is supposed to be French?Frenchmen being the demons on an Medieval England scenario makes sense.
5Leather armor? I mean, they go all the way up to their elbow, so it seems like they're meant to be worn for protection.
35Wow, who got the sexts?
People actually think this is Dolores. My fucking sides.
74
7Your mama got the sexts all day, everyday.
98she do have the same scars than matrona tho.. Dolores was actually Matronas off spring, she, just like with diane, at the end, lets her feeling take over, faking her daughters death to let her scare the giant clan
got decent scans for these things.
People Think is Dolores cause minor differencesITs been what, 20 years? even for giants thats enough to change a little .
2Dolores was actually Matronas off spring, she, just like with diane, at the end, lets her feeling take over, faking her daughters death to let her scare the giant clanThis reads like poor fanfiction you'd find at a western furry website.
8I'm French and I like this idea. the blonde haired demon that summoned the grey and red fodders is called Jeanne
Am I the only one who thinks that it was all Diane's doing and she was just seeing things?
1Diane hasn't changed since she left you fucking idiot. Clearly, in this world, giants do not age the same way as other races.
6thanks.
1I laughed
3Unleashing your potential by imagining it's your long dead captain that is saving you ? Seems legit. They're probably not hurt, but the attacks in this chapters looked more dangerous than anything the sins used against Gallan.
Diane's power is so cool but I don't see what her power or backstory have to do with envy. I mean Ban steals stuff, King's weapon is a pillow, Mel destroys cities when upset, the pride dude is obviously proud but Diane and Merlin's sins don't make sense
16Mm, yeah. Diane was with King for, like, how many years? Then how long after that did it take for her to look like she does now? As I remember people pointing out how strange it seemed for her to grow up so quickly, I think we can all agree that the giants' growth rate seems pretty strange.So, what? Diane hasn't seen Dolores for like 20 years? Unless it's revealed that giants go through a super growth-spurt once they hit giant puberty, it'd be strange to think that she grew up like that naturally. I think that we can all agree that, even if that were to be the case and it's explained sometime later as how giants grow, some people are going to be dissatisfied with that explanation. I'm not too bothered by it as I'm pretty lackadaisical about how the setting is fleshed out, but I can totally see how people would be bothered over a detail like this being revealed after the fact.
6She hated Dolores for her attitude towards life, the human knights took her rebellious attitude as envy for Dolores' strength and prowess in battle. That sort of thing.
8you mean Matrona?
Where is our sun god?
6Diane is envy of humans who can make families and live peacefully.She also hates her huge body and wants to be small.
88I guess that makes sense even though she was framed but what about gluttony?
Do giants poop?
4We didnt get a backstory on Merlin yet. She does seem very hungry for magical knowledge. Maybe she did some forbidden magic experiments and something went terribly wrong.
4gluttonyGluttony for knowledge.Merlin did NOTHING to help Diane and King during Edinburg, only conducted her own experiments and collected data. She probably MAJORLY fucked up at some point or was framed for someone's fuckup. Even now her gluttony for knowledge is obvious, she doesn't want to return to Mel some very important item which may be the key to unlocking his full potential, for example.
3:/
6Diane and Merlin's sins don't make senseMerlinsHave you even seen a single panel with her?She's so gluttonous for knowledge she'd be willing to let cities burn.
Best Sin when?
4Do you even know the slightest bit of knowledge about the actual fictional legend Merlin? He's the very Medieval of a modern-day scholar, seeking out knowledge.FFS, are people on /a/ this fucking dumb?
3FFSDo people on /a/ really use this?
3I'm sure NnT's Merlin was also lusting after loli Vivian which is why she hates her Mentor much.
Monseur looks like a faggetAsswoman is a slut and savage with a dirty mouthPerfect depiction of the French
Friendly reminder that Derriere literally is french for "ass"
2Ass girl is actually probably smarter than all other Commandments.Wonder if she and Monspiet are lovers or something.
4The Derriere is probably up-the-ass chan
I really hope it's Matrona! making Dolores Matrona 2.0 would be the same like Sabo being Ace 2.0. It would shit on both characters. In the end Dolores personality would be scrapped to create a "fixed" Matrona - disgusting.
0Yup.Also explains why she constantly speaks the way she does.In a way, she's addressing herself 3rd Person.
4Yup, and the name Derrierie it has a second i to the name! is a direct reference to that.
03Speaking of which, can anyone who understands moon check on the raws for the previous chapters where she was talking? Was she actually saying "my ass says" or, with this revelation, was she speaking in 3rd person the entire time?
43My ass says= I sayTaking it from the ass= If you wanna hear my take on thisOf course, depending on translation.
3They shit bricks.
Where the hell is Arthur? Did they ditch him back in Camelot? Why isn't he chasing Diane with the others?
5Leaving his wrecked city and his people he needs to tend to to go search a giantess with the group.Nah, he's better off statying there.
6It wouldn't make sense for a french word being translated like that.
What if it's Delores pretending to be Matrona because the giants would flip their shit if Matrona died
2That's obviously Dolores.
Is it just me or are Elizabeth and Arthur kind of counterparts? Both of them are primarily attached to one member of the sins, they're the same age, they both have latent strong powers, they're both orphans, and they're both royalty. I wonder if they could possibly be related to each other somehow?
4Arthur seems to be considerably more talented, Elizabeth's only talent seems to be being a druid, which isn't really a talent.
9no proof nor convincing hint that it is Doloresobviously Dolores
2What's her powerlevel?
2Regardless of whether or not this is Matrona its hard to believe its simply a cop out to bring her because Nakaba did "kill" her off just last chapter, so clearly this thing was planned.
8I think the proof presented was the hair fringe? It's hard to say, but I'm convinced of it. Matrona did mention she had a daughter and Dolores is the only other blonde giant we know of. Since she had an off-screen death, it seems like an appropriate time to reveal that she was actually alive and, also, Matrona's daughter. We'll probably find out next week or the week after.
5To be fair, though, she's been sheltered all her life, whereas Arthur's been more free to do what he wants. And it's pretty heavily implied that Elizabeth's the only druid that can heal to such a large extent.
9She's the only druid we've seen other than Mr Shish Kabob who could one hit vampires and probably demons+.
8Come on. You can't be this dense.
0Matrona did mention she had a daughterNo she didn't
0Hendy's a druid too
5Forgot about him for a second, he's certainly powerful as well.My point is we haven't seen another healer so we can't really judge much.
2b8ing this hard
7Oh, yes, I made a mistake. She said "raise her like my sister". Alright then, it's much more ambiguous, but if it really turns out to be Dolores, then it would be her sister, not daughter.
I don't care if it's Matrona or not, having a random Giant be strong enough to take on two Commandments at once when one was enough to anally destroy 4 Deadly Sins feels weird. Where was she this whole time?
1take onShe surprised both, do you really think either are even in a slight bit of trouble?
I see wut you did Nakaba
8Is it time for Bancho's double hammer?
8OH SHIT
8Goddamnit
8Giants actually find the word "Giant" offensive, like a little person does "Dwarf"Giants are actually Kongou'sPlease make it happen.
So a bunch of rocks defeated the guy who practically raped the sins in the ass?
1Yeah, because Galan is going to get hurt from being what? crushed by rocks? And the french dick doesn't look like he even got hit, it looks like he jumped.
2No. Galan is fine.
2defeatedimplying he's not just going to pop out unscathed next chapter
8Then it´s a fact, she must be strong as hell
Plot twist : it really was Diane all along that attacked the 2 commandmants. She's also the one who finished the shitass french knight and its army when Matrona died, she just did it unconcioucly. Reminder that she has got by far the biggest potential among the giants.
2Galan stopped Diane's hammer with one hand and you think a bunch of pebbles can hurt him?
4The Matrona we see is Diane just going crazy from Memory magic
No One Dies: The Series
40I don't think so, Galan turned towards "Matrona" when she attacked. Unless Gowther/Merlin shenanigans are at work here i don't think Diane is just seeing things.
6Except the fairies. Fuck the fairies.
4What if this "Matrona" know the "spell" to make Diane unconciously use her broken powers ?
in one piece people only die in flashbacksin nanatsu people who die in flashbacks do not die either???
4never underestimate the power of bad writing. He makes the sound of pain and the earth ball he's in now has blood dripping from it. There is absolutely no way Diane and Matrona will escape alive without an asspull
4Not likely. But i could belive that the so called potential something closer to those cliches in anime, all the masters do that, and in their foresight they preidct that, but it's always after something really traumatic after a training arc or a death.
6Except Helbram.And ElaineAnd twigoAnd most of dawn roarAnd lizAnd Guila's Dad
3But Nakaba likes to fuck with cliches.
0not dead
0Is that why people believe that Dolores had cosmetic surgery?
1Well, Monspiet was hurled away since the ground underneath him moved. I'd wager that he's not that badly injured, if at all.With Galan, I'd say the damage he experienced here8is on the level of the cut Meliodas did on his neck before? Except on a larger scale with more hits. Enough to bother him, yeah?And she's not just a random giant, right? Matrona may have been as strong or even stronger than Diane, but more willing to hurt. If it turns out this is somehow Dolores, I guess it'd be natural for her to be as strong as or to have surpassed Matrona? Considering the inherent symbolism there is behind her looking like Matrona.
9you forgot Jericho's dignity
8Wait, I just realized. She's wearing proper clothes.This raises my suspicion that this is Dolores after all, considering she also wanted to visit the human lands at one time. I mean, what other reason could there be for Dolores to learn how to make human clothes?
8Do you remember how ugly Alvida went when she was fat to how Bombshell she was after getting thin?Mangaka think Fat=Ugly even more than the West does
5The problem is she has Matrona's scars. Maybe that's just an assistant error, though.
5Or she's pretending to be Matrona in order to keep the Giants from going to war against the Humans.
5I can chalk that up to serendipity causing her to get the same scars as Matrona; I'm pretty generous when it comes to details like that.
9HelbramWho is still a character capable of interacting with other characters and died before the series even started.ElaineIf you think she's going to stay dead then you're stupid.TwigoRed shirt who no one cared about, half the people dont even remember him.Doesnt even feel like a character, does anyone even care about this dude?Dawn RoarDo you even remember their names?LizBefore the series started and acually reincarnatedGuila's dadDrank blood and disappeared before series started.For all we knew he was dead before we even met him.And even then we barely knew him.6Jericho's dignityThat thing never existed. She was a hairdresser for Ban when she first showed up.
9Poor Dawn Roar
9Yeah, I think that's the most likely.
5Becoming thin doesn´t make you look like a completely different person, it just makes you not fat
9You forgot Helbram and Helbram again.
55Or it's not an error at all and it's just meant to fool us the readers. Hell, consider this, IF she is Dolores, she may not look at all like Matrona, it's possible that Diane is seeing Matrona because she wants to see Matrona, her memory is out of whack and Galan just kicked her intestines into her ribcage.She is seeing things, but it's not that she is imagining a giant, she is merely projecting Matrona on Dolores, hence the scars.Maybe next chapter will start with Diane rubbing her eyes and seeing Dolores instead.
4Doesnt even feel like a character, does anyone even care about this dude?I'l beat you up motherfucker, he has got the legendary mustache.
2people are supposed to die when you kill themwtf is this shit?
5His mustache has more character than he does.
4insulting the great twigo
8I really belive that Matrona is dead, and it's more likely that Dolores took her place, somehow. She got fit and serious when her mother died, but we have the problem with the scars.
8 He'll die again in spirit formKrilin would be proud.
1But the mustache is part of him.
7Becoming thin doesn´t make you look like a completely different personTell that to Japan.I've seen attractive woman become Clayface, with voids for eyes because they got fat.
7but we have the problem with the scars, the proportions, the eyebrows and the eyesftfy
7her motherWhere does it say Matrona is doleres's mother?
implying Matrona didn't fake her own death in order to potentially force out Diane's latent power and enjoyment of battle after years of not getting anywhere through normal meansbravo nakaba
8More like he's part of the mustache.I've seen more people care about his fucking facial hair than about him.
8More than being a druid and/or healer, it's that she's an apostle. There are few apostles and priests to begin with, so that's why she's special.
Previously, we got the two persons linked to the sins who supposedly died and did died appear before or after it. For sure, she didn't just survive this. How could she anyway ? And why the fuck would she come back in such a situation ? There is no way she could have known that Diane was coming back, and moreover she appears when she's in deadly situation.Elaine appeared as a ghost.Helbram appeared as an undead. So something new or one of these two possiblites ?
I like slader, I hope he gets a bigger role.
3Wasn't it said that Apostle = female druid ?
5It's true i don't know where that came from, i guess it was only because she was blonde.
4I'm sure whatever force Matrona can exert by manipulating the Earth is much stronger than what Diane can produce by just swinging her hammer.
0and probably demons+.Shit doesn't make much sense. The druid were presented as some kind of beings near the humans but since they pray the godesses they have got some holy powers depending on their gender. Shouldn't the godesses be strong as fuck then ? Or at least have power most adapted against demons. But it was said the demons were way stronger than the others races, that's why they were sealed.
9That is, in no way, confirmed.
6It says it right there in the first speech bubble.If I remember right, Druid women are the Apostles of the Goddesses, and the men are the priests that aid them?Healing magic is the domain of the Druids, the Apostles have the greatest healing power. I assume the 'tiny sect of the druids' Hendricksen is referring to are the ones who are capable of healing magic? That or purge which may also be a type of healing magic.
Does this scene even make sense for anime only fags? Shaft isn't just skipping chapters of the manga, they're literally picking single chapters and animate them panel for panel, ripping everything out of its context, completely devoiding arcs of their meaning.Why can't they just pick an arc and dedicate two or three episodes to it, or at least one full episode.The QUALITY is also becoming worse.S3 hopefully never.
They don't care, Jump and Aniplex paid them to do this shit.
3Does this scene even make sense for anime only fags? Shaft isn't just skipping chapters of the manga, they're literally picking single chapters and animate them panel for panel, ripping everything out of its context, completely devoiding arcs of their meaning.Why can't they just pick an arc and dedicate two or three episodes to it, or at least one full episode.The QUALITY is also becoming worse.S3 hopefully never.
3Addendum: Basically this eraticness is the Authors fault and lies in the way filler was inserted.
Let's settle this:
0079 is catchy as hell.Zeta is plain orgasmic.
Zeta's second OP is better.
Project Eden has an objectively better OP:
1Zeta first OP is clearly better than the second.
1/m/
8/m/ is slow and there are gundam threads pretty frequently on /a/
3You'd get far more interest on /m/ than /a/How many /a/nons even watched 0079 and Zeta? Definitely no more than 5%.
I listen to Zeta's outside of the show more so that one I guess.
1guy gets it.
1Oops, wrong link.
1This. The first one is great but second one is just better.
1watching Zeta opening just after finishing 0079
Mfw nobody in this thread believes in a sign of zeta.
0I wanna have a pure time.
0Don't worry Chirico, VOTOM's opening is still great.
, 
ZAAAAAAAAAAANKOKU
JIBUUUN WOOO
YOU WA SHOCK
KIMI TO
SONO CHI NO SADAME
OSCAAAAAR
KISS KISS FALL IN LOVE
ARE YOU READY TO REACTION
LET'S FIGHTING LOVE
WAKE ME UP
CRY FOR THE MOOOOOOOOOOOONN
JUST HOWLING IN THE SHADOWS
GET WILD AND TOUGH
ZETTAI UNMEI MOKUSHIROKU
STRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYSTRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
CHA LA HEAD CHA LA
HELLO, DOUMO, BOKU HA KOKOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Twelve years ago,a Nine-Tail Fox suddenly appeared...If you believe it!Naruto! Naruto!Believe it! Believe it!Here I am with my Ninja Clan!Ninja Clan, here we stand!Naruto, I'm on my way,Naruto, I'll be okay!Getting ready to fight on set!Come on best friends by my side!Sasuke, is really cool!Sakura, the beautiful!Kowagaruna NarutoSaoto mamore
ROW ROW FIGHT DA POWA
LAST NIGHT I HAD THIS DREAM ABOUT YOU
8CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWLING IN MY SKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINTHESE WOUUUUUNDS THEY WIIIIIIIIL NOT HEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL
POOOOOOORRRRRRNFREEPOOOOOOORRRRRRN
2germans will defend this
THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST
1HEY HEY NINGEN FUCKER
GLASSY SKY ABOOOOOOOOVE
YAMI WO KIRISAKU
CARRY MEEEEE AWAAAAAAAY
WE ARE THE CRYSTAL GEMS
PUT YOUR GRASSES ON
DAREKA WOO
OWARANAI MAGIC HAAAAAAIIIIIIR
OH YOU'LL BE SORRYBREAKING YOUR FACE
YOU SAY WOOO WOA WOOAH
MUST HAVE STABBED HER FIFTY FUCKING TIIIIIIMES! I DONT BELIEVE IT! RIPPED HER HEART OUT RIGHT BEFORE HERE EEEEEEEEYES! EYES OVER EASY! EAT IT! EAT IT! EAT IT! EAT IT!
RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY RUN AWAY
MOEAGARE MOEAGARE MOEAGARE GANDAMU KIMI YO
I GET UUUUUUUUUUUUUUPI GET DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWN
SEMENAIDE, KESANAIDE, MAKENAIDE
8ZANKOKU NA TENSHI WA BLABLABLA MOONSPEAK SHIT
8LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN LET IT DOWN
★YOU ARE ALWAYS ☆ SUPER SPECIAL★
4
HATE HATE HATE HATE HATENA NOBI NOBI NOBI NOBI NONBIRITO
8IS NOW AN EVANJELLYON THREADS
CAUSE I FEEEEEEEEEEEL
910/10
FLY AWAY NOW FLY AWAY NOWFLY AWAY
LETS MOVE INTO THE BRAND NEW WORLDLETS DIVE INTO THE BRAND NEW DREAM
6NEVER FORGET ITS GENDO
5I CAN ALWAYS SHARE MY EVERYTHING WITH YOUUUU
9IN THIS DREAM
RYUUSEI NO AI GA KIMI NI
0ROLLING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO~
ARE YOU MY LADY ARE YOU ARE YOU MY LADY ARE YOU ARE YOU MY LADY ARE YOU ARE YOU MY LADY ARE YOU ARE YOU MY LADY ARE YOU ARE YOU MY LADY ARE YOU
3IM PERMANENTLY MENSTRUATING
JUST
4I WANT THIS ONLYSAGASHIMOTOMERUANO GINIRO NOHIKARI NO NAKA DE
2IF THIS MOMENT WAS FOR MEEE
8YOU MOVE ON WITH YOUR FISTANDYOURLEGS
I NEED YOUR BLOOD
8THE SCENE WHERE HE LISTENS TO LINKIN PARK ALWAYS GETS ME
MOO NAKANAIDE IMA ANATA WO SAGASHITE IRU HITO GA IRU KARA OMAE NI AITAI YO TO
2
AND YOU DON'T SEEM TO UNDERSTAAAAND
STANDING ON THE EDGE, I REALISED
YOU CAN SMILE AGAAAIN
5ha
7A SHAME YOU SEEMED AN HONEST MAAAAAAAAAN
SHIJIMA NO SOKO KARAMEZAMERU SONO HASHIRA TACHI TOKI WO KOE
4there won't be an English OP as good as this ever again
BURE BURE BURE BURE
HIIIII AYYYYE FOOORCES
HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO HANTAI NO
GAAAAAAROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ANATA TONO
YAPAPA YAPAPA
ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI ANIME JA NAI
DATABASA DATABASE JUST LIVING IN THE DATABASE
COUNTERACTION RISING
2YEAH WE ARE READY FOR THE PUNCHLINE
0There's no use with all your gimmicks SO CHECK THIS OUT!
8
LISTEN TO MY SOOOOOOOONG
KAZE NI YUKAN EL RAGNA TODOROKISHI TSUBASA
IT'S A TENDER RAAAAAAAAIIN
wh-when does the BD come out OP??
LET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOORLET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOORLET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOORLET THE BODIES HIT THE...
KONNA REPURIKA WA IRANAI HONMONO TO YOBERU MONO DAKE DE IIII SAGASHI NI YUKUNDA SOKO EEEEEDEMO SORE WA YOKU DEKITA FEARI TEIRU MITAAAII
JUST WILD BEAT COMMUNICATION
AIJOU YUUJOU
3ARE YOU READYI'M LADY
NINJA INFO CARDS
BOKU JANAI BOKU JANAI BOKU JANA IIIIIIIIIIII
my love for you is like a truckBERSEEEERKEEEERwould you like some making fuckBERSEEERKEEEER
STANDING HERE
IGNITION
CRAP YO HANDS
6oh right.. the ceiling.
0come on ghost to ghostyou can play with what i am but you have to believe that you canim special
0MIRACLE BABYPORNOGRAPHY SUPERSTAR
CAN'T WAKE UP
NOW I'VE LOST IT
HANATE MONSTAH
I CONTINUE TO FIGHT x2
SOMEBODY ONCE TOLD THE WORLD IS GONNA ROLL ME
NANTOKANARE
GOMEN NE SUNAO JA NAKUTE
MY FATHER ONCE TOLD ME
tell me why tell me why
BELIEVE BELIEVE BIRIBIRIBIRI BUDDIES
9tell me what you want
END OF THE ZA WARUDOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
8SONOCHI NO KIOKUUU
RINGO!MOGIRE!BEAM!
CAUSE I FEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEL
AH AH AH AHAH AH AH AHGROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVIN MAGIIIIIIIIIIIIIC
IMA MUNE NI UMARETA YURUGINAI KONO KIMOCHI
MIJIKAI YUME WO KASANETE
BOKU JA NAIIIIII
1ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA
UNINSTALL UNINSTALL
AFURERU NAMIDA KOBORERU ASUNANIKA WO MAMORU TABI NIKOKORO SHIMETSUKERU NO
MAMORITAI NO KAMAMORENAI NO KAWAKARANAIKESENAI YUME
9IIWAKE WO SAGASHITE KIZUTSUKU KAKURITSU WAAAA
I WAS MADE TO HIT AN AMERICAN!
I KNOWI KNOW I'VE LET YOU DOWN
[Violin and Dubstep sounds]
RIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ONRIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ON RIDE ON
KOTAE WA ITSUMO WATASHI NO MUNE NI
DIGIMON ARE THE CAMPIONS
MASSHIRO NA BOKURA TOSEKAI WO NAGEKAZUNI
IMA BOKU WA HASHIRU YO KIMO TO NARA
WANNA BE THE BIGGEST DREAMER
SHINPAI NAIN DA ZE OH MAI FRIENDDDDDDDDDD
dango dango dango dango
KIIIIIIIIIIIMI WA DARE TO KISUUU WO SURUUUUUUUUWAAAAAAAAATASHI SORETO-MO ANO KO
KIZUNA O MIZUKARD HIKISAITA AS JUDGMENT TSURIAGETE
JOUJOU YUUJOU
2Belieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeve it
4RINGO! MOGIRE! BEAM!
ORE NO-- ORE NO--DOUSHITA OMAE!?ZOMBIE RUSH!
I'M A SOLDIER BORN TO STANDIN THIS WAKING HELL I AMWITNESSING MORE THAN I CAN COMPUTE
CHERRY BLOSSOMCHERRY BLOSSOMCHERRY BLOSSOM
I AM THE BONE OF MY SWORD
HAND IN HAND LET'S GO PARTY NIGHT
8STEEL IS MY BODY AND FIRE IS MY BLOOD
0は is read as wa at certain points but hepburn reads it as ha.
KIZUTSUKU NO GA SADAME DATOSHITEMO
9I HAVE CREATED OVER A THOUSAND BLADE
WHAT IS LOVE
2BEING CORRECT DOES NOT MEAN YOU ARE RIGHT
WAKE ME UP INSIDE
7I think you're lost.
RUMBA  BURE
5I CANT WAKE UP
I PUT MY TRUUUUUUUST IN YOUUUUUU
KIIIIIIII GAAAAAAAA KUUUUURUISOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
2what song?
2Not Sasooke
YOKEREBA ISSHO NI ODORIMASEN KA?
LIFE ON ZA PLANEEET
SEKAI NANTE TADA NO KASE DEKIBOU SAE ITSUKA KIETEKUKAGI WO KAKETAEIEN NO YUME8Rolling girls OP
7there won't be an OP as good as this ever again
IT ALLLLL RETUUURNS TO NOOOTHING
0SAVE ME
DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY BY DAY
SOMEBODY
5somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee somutchtodosomuchtosee
PROTECT MY BALLS
NAKISOU NA AO RINGOKAKAETERU MUNE NO OKU
BOKUTACHI WA
LOVELYLOVELY
DOKE SOKO DOKE
8LET'S FIGHTING LOVE
OSHIETE YO OSHIETE YO
NAKUSHITAKUNAKATTA NOSHINJITA ANO SHUNKAN WO
KIKOETA KI GA SHITA
DOKKAN DOOKAN TSUITERU,DOKKAN DOKKAN PARADAISU
9MASH ALL THE BUTTONS AND WIGGLE THE STICKS
NEE IMA DOUSHITE BOKURA UMARETA NO
3NEE HORA DOUSHITE BOKURA DEATTA NO
5CAN'T WAKE UP.png
MIRAI WA BOKURA NO TE NO NAKA!
610/10 gif. Do you have more?
HIMALAYA HODO NO
HAAAPPINESS
no Arslan threadDid everyone drop this already?
9Gay shit.
killing the rest of you allies
Why didn't they take the city?
Is Arslan ever gonna get a waifu?
9But anon, Arslan is waifu.
9We had one yesterday.
9You don't know this is a female harem like Ouran host club
8That doesn't mean he can not get a waifu.
9I like it a lot, just wish it had a better budget. Also it's already nearly overtaken the manga, do they plan on adapting straight from the novels after that?
KHALEESI!
0It follows the original ova pretty close. So...
Do not sexualise Arslan.He is the rightful ruler of Pars.Lusitanian genocide soon brothers
Character designs for Jaswant, Prince Rajendra, Etoile and Alfreed, according to this source, taken from Kodansha’s Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine.
0Wataru Hatano as Jaswant pictured top row left, a Shindra soldier and Rajendra's subordinateKousuke Toriumi as Rajendra pictured top row right, the second prince of the great eastern kingdom ShindraYumi Uchiyama as Etoile pictured bottom row left, a knight in the Lusitania armyManami Numakura as Alfried pictured bottom row right, a daughter of a Zott clan leader.
God I wish they got rid of CGI. I guess it isn't that big of a deal but it's pretty irritating to see.
9I really darn hope he mans up. So far he's really naive especially after what he did later.
Arslan isnt the kings real sonThey kill the religious zealots then have a truce by marrying the religious reverse trapDaryun and the Mask kill eachotherKing shows up and takes over again reinstating all the polices Arslan got rid ofArslan has a revolt where he kills the king and takes leadership back
9We had one yesterday and they never reach the bump limit. It certainly isnt watched as much as other anime and the lack of spoilers besides those already know doesnt seem it help. The novels being on hiatus doesnt help either
The Fellowship of the Ars needs to screen its applicants better.
8The next one to join this group is the heir of the thieves clan.
0I think the show is in on the joke.Gieve looks like he'd stab somebody for a sandwich there.
9the choreography suck in this anime
3Everyone knows in this group that Gieve isn't here for Farangis or loyalty. Give doesn't like royals.
I feel like we had this exact same thread yesterday.
2These two best boys
0fat asshole who was gonna kill off arslan's crewally
6all hail the one true king arslan
0Alfreed looks unexpectedly good.
4He's 14 years old dumbass.
9There was a thread yesterday but it's still dissapointing how little recognition the series is getting. I just hope it's doing well enough in Japan to warrant a second season. If only there was enough source material
9mfw Ooima Toshiyoki.
9Holy fucking shit, you cannot be this fucking new and this fucking retarded.
0Old enough for me.
0 What does growing up mean?Dude, those are middle ages. Here there was some completely different mentalities back then.
Nice Prince you got there.Be a shame if someone where to offer him to R'hllor.
9we had one yesterday when the episode came out, it was a pretty big thread
Did Tumblr already complain that the main characters in a show about notPersia are white
8holy shit i didn't notice the QUALITY there
3Jaswantbeing Rajendra's subordinateCan't ANN translate one short sentence without fucking up.
These 3 characters are locked in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber from Dragon Ball Z. They find a note on the table saying "the only way to leave is if one of you dies."Describe the ensuing events.
3Kiss shot loses easily
Are you talking about "I am legion" Alucard or "immortal but severely weakened" alucard.Arcueid can probably kick both their asses but the latter will at least survive it.
6How exactly does Arcueid kill Kiss Shot?
Kiss Shot destroys them
8well seeing as she's the only one that has the ability to kill either of them, yeah
Only two people can enter at a time.
89But this is blatantly wrong.
2Say that to picoro, trunks, bu and the other little fucker whose name i cant remember.
3Kiss shot has Kokorowatari which destroys oddity. alucard and arcruied are oddities. Alucard the weakened probably doesnt stand a chance but his original form will take them both easily. props for being the most vampire like.arcuied, immortal as she may be, she can still be damage by things she yet to experience in this case kiss shot has a slight edge. should she yield to her true form then kiss shot loses.
1It's been very clearly written that Arcueid can't die unless the Earth is destroyed.
3Considering Arc can't be killed by those two, they either spend the rest of their days in the chamber or she eventually wins.
3Is the chamber even Earth? Can Earth give provide her power when she's at another dimention and not just something like the moon.1Going by Nasuverse standards, Arc isn't the oddity because Earth itself isn't trying to erase her, unlike say, Shirou's swords.
3OP says one needs to die. 2 of them just need to team up against the weaker one.
9I don't think OP was clever enough to pick the chamber because it would nerf Arc, the one with the most chances of winning.He was probably looking for a known scenario that is a confined space with a neutral landscape.
1Alucard in his original form was like an Homunculus from FMAB.it wasn't that he was unstoppable as much as it was that he has extra lives for every person he ever ate.kiss shot and Arcueid can easily end the guy
8being this naivekek
Outside of NisiOisiN's if you believe it it exists universe, I don't think Kiss Shot would have that much of a power level. Arcueid I can't say anything about having never played Tsukihime. Considering Alucard's job is to destroy other vampires, I don't think the other two have a chance.
6Arcueid vs Alucard would probably be a stalemate, since neither has the power to kill the other.Assuming it's Schrodinger Alucard, in any other case Arc wipes the floor with him.
3Neither Kiss shot nor Alucard can kill Arcueid, so it's a matter of who dies first between Kiss shot and Alucard
63Aren't Nasuverse characters generally pretty damn weak compared to others of their class though?
6There's definetly stronger vampires, but Arcueid is way more powerful than these other two, at least.
6Arc is an exception. She's crazy powerful.
6Regardless if that's true or not it doesn't apply to Arcueid who is consistently the strongest or second strongest if you exclude TYPEs
Kiss-Shot wins easily. She can erase oddities, and the other two are oddities, there's no question about that. I don't care about some faggy story's lore, a vampire is an oddity.6Nasu doesn't know how to write so everyone has to judge a characters strength based on the doujins they've appeared in.
6Arcueid isn't a oddity though as she is a natural existence created by the planet.
6But Arcueid isn't a vampire in the first place
4That's the gayest shit I've ever read, and I've read Boku no Pico fanfic.
67
7okay, kid.
57Type-moon fags
4okay, kid.
4being this assblasted
23Don't you guys have hentai games to read?
6nisiofags this butthurt
2okay, kid.
Can't Kiss Shot time travel and Alucard effectively appear anywhere in space that he wants to be?Never watched that part of DBZ, but does the chamber do something to combat these abilities?
5poster count didn't go upYou're not fooling anyone, type moon fag.
3The fun thing here, is Dracula never dies.
Alucard has a cell phone. Where is your god now?
0He won't be able to get a signal.
4He ate a cell phone tower back in like 2006 for that specific eventuality.
3Kiss shot eventually dies. Alucard and Arcueid escape.
3am think what Alucard would be only one who have fun from this.
This thread makes me wonder, what has been the most powerful representation of Dracula in anime?
6Alucard's job is to destroy other vampires What a coincidence, Arcueid was created to destroy vampires and her fellow TA consumed by bloodlust.
2So basically Kiss Shot is a goner. I feel sorry for the gal, doomed to die alone separate from her Arararagi.
6I don't think Kiss Shot would have that much of a power levelShe can jump continents and regenerates immediately.
Cosidering it's implied 30% Arc would have difficulties with Nero, Alucard should have put a decent fight if not outright consume her. Achetype:Earth can fling them into space or something but she is not!vampire more than regular Arc so I don't include her.
3kiss shot wants to die soooo problem solved
7In NisiOisiN's if you believe it it exists universe. She is now in a different universe with less permissive rules.
6godsoddities but still its alucard who is strongest
8Gods are below True Ancestors funnily enough, with the exception of the original spirit of Earth and the creator of the universe.
7That's not how it works anon.8Isn't a God an oddity? Kisshot was praised as a God, and Snakeshit even became a God.
Alucard with Schrodinger's ability is absolutely immortal.
9Kisshot was praised as a God, and Snakeshit even became a God.In NisiOisiN's universe. Anywhere else all this shit is meaningless.
9Since it's got a different time flow to how Gaia normally works, in Nasu terms it'd be something like a High Thaumaturgy Bounded Field, I guess.Of course, it's not magecraft. If you want to say that it's "alien tech/powers" or something because Kami, then it'd be more like ORT's Crystal Valley.Either way, I'd say the force of the time chamber isn't at the level of something like ORT, so it'd probably be a thing like White Len's Reality Marble where Arc is "technically" cut off but can always just use backup from the world to force its corrective influence to "right" things.Doing that feels like it'd just destroy the time chamber though. Nasuverse doesn't mix well with other fictional universes.
2Which just means that Kiss shot loses because neither Kiss shot nor Alucard have any means to kill Arcuied.
5Which Nero?Either way, beating 30% Arc in a fight isn't the same as being able to kill the existence known as Arc. Your two ways of killing Arc properly are destroying Earth and killing her, or since she's not a real Perfect Being like the TYPES cutting her off from Gaia and killing her. Of course, cutting her off from Gaia is hard unless you can kill the World in a given radius or you have something like ORT-tan's Crystal Valley.
34oh boy, the type moon fag's shown up
0Nisiofag is still shitposting
1So if her sword can "kill oddities", what defines an oddity? Never read the books but I'm guessing things that are unreal and don't fall in line with the standard human view of the world.Which means it's basically works like Gaia's ability to make supress shit.The dealbreaker here is Arcuied's Marble Phantasm which allows her to do crazy shit while still allowing following Gaia's law of the world.So in short, the sword won't do shit to any attacks Arcuied does. But what about Arcuied herself? I don't honestly think it'd affect her as the world wouldn't consider her an oddity because she sorta is connected to it.
Who played MBAA, how did Roa force Arc to turn into Princess form?
7According to the wiki, she just felt like taking over Arc's body.
1The sword is only nicknamed the oddity killer, its power against those of Alucard's tier or higher isn't determined. I don't think it could do anything to Nadeko if it tried, let alone Arc.
people seriously believing kiss shot stands a chance
5Yeah I read it but wiki
7That's not really what happened. Princess Arc hasn't really ever existed, she was just an illusion who got instantiated and then was able to squeeze in and take over. In theory, Arc should be able to reach Archetype, but it'll be a while before she hits that stage and becomes a real deal perfect being.6The World would never recognize Arc as an oddity. That's absolute. If we define Kokorowatari as something that imposes "the corrective influence of the world", it'll be completely pointless against Arc. It'd wreak all sorts of hell on any Servant, though.5The wiki is horrible.
1We can consider it a high tier Conceptual Weapon which in theory would have chance to beat Arc.
2She does this one feat of jumping continents or smashing Antartica or something and suddenly people jump on it.Honestly, as long as Alucard doesn't have that onnipresence ability I'd say ArcAlucardKisshot.I think alucard has the fastest regen among the three, although I don't really know how good Kisshot's regen is.This is all considering that Arc is at 30%
8What theory? Arc is a for of Nature Spirit which is a natural part of the Earth so the conceptual nature of the sword won't do shit.At most, it's a fancy Katana.It'd work on Alucard I think.
8Or you know just a sword that can be used to clean up low-tier phantoms.
8It wouldn't, though. You're trying to stab the bastard child of the planet with something that removes things that shouldn't be there in the planet.Arc is the person who can smash reality marbles by saying "hey Gaia, this thing is weird and shouldn't be here, correct it". The person who can literally orient the corrective influence of the world and is a child of the planet isn't going to be killed by something that uses the principle of the world's corrective influence.Now, if you say Kokorowatari is a conceptual weapon that imposes "natural lifespan" or goes against immortals or something, like Seventh, then if we say it's high-tier enough it could potentially seal her temporarily, but even that won't kill her. And I don't want to put it on the same level as something like Seventh to begin with.Like I said, killing Arc requires either blowing up Earth or cutting her off from Earth in a TYPE-tier Alien World.2I still feel like it depends on what we say the time chamber is like. Honestly, if we put it in Nasuverse mechanics, Arc should be able to break it the same way she broke White Len's RM. If she does that, she acquires backup, and is the strongest. If she doesn't, Alucard is probably stronger, but either way neither of them can kill the other.
S A K I S A N O B A S H I
Is Dracula actually Judas Iscariot like Dracula 2000 says, or did I have no purpose in watching that movie?
So among the man bitches,Tohno vs Araragi? Who would win? Can Tohno +30% Arc beat Araragi with Shinobu?I don't know any sidekick of Alucard's.
3Tohno would win. Tohno + 30% Arc would also win.
0Damn. and here I thought Araragi had something. All he had was his regen right?Could Tohno beat Kisshot? I mean he just needs one slice. Would he be fast enough?
The only way for this to work is if all 3 shared the same universe. By this I mean a universe where Arc exists, a universe where Kiss Shot's most powerful form is possible through the belief of humans and so on. With that said, Kiss Shot is virtually immortal unless Arc or Alucard decide to wipe out all life on Earth. But that implies they know the source of her powers.
Instead of battle or power level comparison, y not have a drama where all of them could escape?Too bad I only know Kissshot here
7If this were to take place in Kiss Shot's home universe, said universe's rules applied on the other two competitors would make it not even worth the trouble calculating.
3Uchiha Madara.
4Fuck no, she is much faster than sound and would only one hit.
7Kiss Shot is virtually immortalHey, remember that time when some human in a Hawaiian shirt stole her heart? Then some other schmucks stole her limbs?
3Tohno's Nanaya blood will kick in because Araragi and Shinobu are both vamps. Also, Araragi's regen is meaningless against MEoDP. Arc, even at 30%, is stronger than Shinobu, especially if you consider backup from the World as a factor. It's not much of a fight, there's bad compatibility. Tsukihime side takes it pretty easily.4I'd say probably not, if it's Kissshot. Nanaya blood makes him fast when killing nonhumans, but even then, he's probably not fast enough. A lot of the more abusive stuff he pulls off in Tsukihime is thanks to the protag modifier, or what Nasu calls him being a "jack".So long as Kissshot is around Servant level, which I'd say she is, Tohno can't win.
0I think Tohno has his flash step which is faster than the eye can see.Dunnow though. I think he could assasinate her but not beat her outright.
7Oh you mean the specialist who spent months planning it all out so it without a single issue?And those other guys who were only able to get her limbs because she was the weakest she had ever been? Not to mention her already suicidal attitude prior to the stealing.
7Actually...Arc can do that...well, her full power Archetype Form can do that as in revert the world before man happened or something.Alucard can as well with Schrodinger's ability in theory.
900 episode romantic comedy
Nanaya Satsujinki could beat Kiss Shot.
4Oshino is just a run of the mill human though. Sherlock fucking Holmes could at best temporarily subdue Alucard long enough for him to be indirectly responsible for the deaths of the entire metropolitan police department.
3All three gather around the note"The only way to leave is if one of you dies"Alucard shrugs and shoots himself in the headNow technically one of them had diedComes back to life soon afterAll three leave
4Arcueid and Alucard are both several orders of magnitude stronger than everyone who attacked her in that incident. Also if I recall correctly she didn't even notice that her heart had been stolen.
5That's a Nanaya blood thing plus his status as a jack. Shiki's fast, but even then he's not able to reach into the realm of being able to fight things like Servants.7Princess Arc doesn't exist right now, and neither 30% nor 100% Arc can do Archetype stuff like Princess can, so that's moot. Giving Arc the ability to go Archetype makes everything else 100% moot. At that point she's way above the others in power, though she still probably can't kill Alucard with Schrodinger.7I don't get why people think Satsujinki is so great. He's just Shiki with training. He beat Forte and then got scolded by Merem. Good for him.
3Heheh
3I guess that's that.
3Genius
7But it's stated they're in Hyperbolic Time Chamber where no humans really exist as it has its own dimension.So Kisshot doesn't have any believers, Arc still has her backup, and Alucard is still Alucard.
3Good point. But would the space in hyperbolic time chamber be on earth?
0In Nasu terms, it'd be like a separate bounded Field or Reality Marble inside of the bigger Reality marble of Gaia.The question is if it's a different texture like the Backside of the World, or if it's outright different like a Reality Marble.If the former, Arc has backup. If the latter, Arc doesn't have backup but can ask Gaia to smash the time chamber's reality so she gets it.
0I think it's stated it's somewhere in Kami's lookout. which is above Earth.However, I remember I remember it's actually on a different dimension from Earth itself as Buu needed to tear a dimensional hole to get in/out.
4It is a different dimension, but so are Reality Marbles and so's the Backside of the World. I lean towards it being a shittier version of the Crystal Valley, personally. Alien world that paints over Earth's laws.
7belief of humansSo since Kisshot is powered by belief of humans so she's sorta powered by Alaya right? Or is working under the same principles of heroic spirits, who were by the beliefs of humans?
So what exactly IS the Backside of the World, and was it ever mentioned in anything before Garden of Avalon?
7You forgot the part where he rape her after.7He's just Shiki with trainingMEoDP with fast user is a deadly killing machine.
8Nice counter
3/threadThanks for the buttfrustration boys, it was a good read.
4
8Alaya's not human belief. She'd be closer to an HS though, you're right on that.4Yeah, tons of times.It's a different "World" that's still a part of Gaia. It's where all the Phantasmal Beasts and Elementals bailed to after the Age of Gods ended. Some still hung around, but nowadays pretty much all of them are over there. KnK Satsuki got taken there by fairies and somehow got out. Sieg in Apocrypha took the Grail there. I'm pretty sure it got some mentions in either FSN or Hollow. So on and so forth. If you want a fairy or a former Divine Spirit or a magical beast, it's probably hanging out there. Moby Dick and Typhon, too.3Still can't fight Servants.
3Kissshot is stronger, newfags.She canonically ended the world and not even the Sun could kill her.Meanwhile, Arc and Alucard never managed to end the world.Also, Shaft was lazy in animating the zombies but Kissshot's army of the dead included both gods and oddities not just humans.Kissshot can vampirize gods.Not even Alucard can do that. He can only affect the living humans not spiritual beings like gods.
This is easy. The OP never specifies who has to die, so just "kill" Alucard once and they're free.
4You have no idea how NisiOisiN's universe works compared tho those of other series and you call others newfags.
4Both could do either and Kisshot has no way of Killing either of them as well.Alucard is basically unkillable as he has omnipresence.There are gods in the Nasuverse. Arc is stronger than those.
3Sorry but both Arc and Alucard are unable to turn gods into vampires.Also, Alucard is killable.Unlike Alucard, Kissshot can travel back in time and kill Alucard back when he was still a baby.
4she canonically ended the worldArcueid could do that as well if she decided to stop holding back her craving for blood. Also ending the world isn't very hard, you should try reading about nuclear warfare. Or weapons of mass destruction in general.
0What does turning into a vampire got to do with how strong they are? Arc could do that as well with her Marble Phantasm if she feels like it.Alucard with Schrodinger's abilityKillableTrue, but you won't be able to put him downHe's sorta displaced from that already.
3There are gods in the Nisioverse and Kissshot eats those gods for breakfast.Kissshot is above gods.Not only that but as an oddity, herself, it is stated that she is removed from being affected by Fate.So chains like Destiny and Fate do no affect Kissshot.She has more freedom than Arc and Alucard since they actually have "chains" that bind them.
0You don't know how Schrodinger works.You also don't know how Nisio works in reference to other stuff.I also don't get why you're using "can turn gods into vampires" as a metric of power. We can easily cite things that any character can do that's not relevant to the discussion.Arc can crush reality marbles. Kissshot and Alucard can't.Shiki can stab points of death. None of them can do that.Shirou can cook a mean Japanese dinner. None of them can do that.Wow, saying things characters can do is exciting, huh?
0Go away, you dumbfuck.
8Says the retard.
3So chains like Destiny and Fate do no affect Kissshot.In Nasuverse, B rank LCK is enough to resist an absolute fate. LCK is literally "one's capacity to defy fate" in Nasuverse.Try again.
0Alucard is killableThe same applies to kissshot
2That makes Kissshot have Ex rank Luck according to you.And Gilgamesh has A rank Luck but his fate is always decided no matter the scenario.
4As expected.
6Can't even quote properly. Truly expected.
3That makes Kissshot have Ex rank Luck according to you.Not really. It just means she has B or higher, which isn't that special.Also, you don't seem to understand how Nasu works. Obviously Gil's fate is to be the strongest Servant and curbstomp everyone. His A rank LCK lets him defy that fate and lose.You're strong, Gil-kun.
8We've already established that Shinobufags are of a significantly lower IQ than the other two. You are free to stop posting.
5Nice backpedaling and Gil doesn't curbstomp anyone.Even Sakura curbstomped Servants more than Gil.
3Either something like 3 happens, Arcueid breaks the chamber because she tells Gaia to or Kissshot dies if the three actually fight each other.
9Sorry, newfag, but it has already been established that you have the same IQ as an Abo why don't you hurry and go back to drinking the gasoline you are so fond of while you relax in the middle of the road?
0So basically everyone else in this thread that were responding seriously to Shinobufags can not do so without problems.
0Nice backpedalingDo you know what that word means? All I said is B rank LCK is enough to defy absolute fate, so "Kissshot is immune to fate" doesn't really mean much against Nasuverse people. Fate is weak shit in Nasuverse.Gil doesn't curbstomp anyone.Exactly. This is the power of his A rank LCK. The strongest Heroic Spirit marvelously overturns his fate of victory, and clutches defeat from the jaws of victory. Praise the King of Heroes for his transcendent might. 0...yeah, I'm just wasting my time here. You're delusional.
Demonbane wins, every time.
1I'm pretty sure the abrahamic God and Great King Enma can beat Demonbane.
9implying there isn't a Demonbane made up of a bunch of tiny Abrahamic Gods and Enmas put together with masking tape.
0Not the guy you're replying to but I have a question for you. How's the weather in the land down under right now?
7Not the guy you asked but it's it's 12 degrees currently
1Sorry bro, we've already established Featherine, Iihiko, Ajimu, Shurouga, Hajun and Myuugi can beat EGD.
7weSpeak for yourself.
7weSpeak for yourself. The arguments supporting Featherine, Iihiko, Ajimu, and Myuugi all completely ignore any and all arguments supporting EGD.I haven't seen much discussion on the other two
3Sorry Demonbanefag, the majority agreed in the last powerlevel thread that Demonbane gets defeated or drawn by all those mentioned above.
5implying demonbanefags don't do exactly the same
0Having the majority in a single thread or a handful doesn't mean you can speak for the entire board.
Alucard gets his ass handed to him. Arc fights Kiss-Shot to a draw because she can't kill her.
0I'm not a Demonbanefag, I don't even care about him, imbecile. the majority agreed[Citation Needed]
90majorityHaving been in that thread, I can say with complete confidence that no consensus was made in any side's favor.
3Alucard can kill Kiss Shot. I'd feel sorry for a supernatural being who couldn't.
17
4Doesn't she have the sword that kills supernatural beings?
6Said sword doesn't work on Arcueid in the first place
0Lets say hypothetically you have someone who could move faster than the speed of light and chop her up into little pieces. He still wouldn't be able to kill her because by the time he finished she'd have regenerated.
Demonbanefags being easily triggered ruining the thread. Would you please kill yourselves already?
6Yes, but people brought a point that Arc is immune to it. She would destroy Alucard though.
alucard kills himselfthey escapealucard comes back to lifenot even hard
3arcueid's marble phantasm can cut through Hyperbolic time chamber and she'll get out without even bothering to destroy the other 2 which she could easily
3shitposter posts Demonbane baita bunch of easily triggered fags in denial get buttblastedHURR DURR DEMONBANEFAGS RUINING THE THREAD
3Alucard gets bored and leaves the chamber You can't stop Schroedinger Alucard
5I doubt that Kiss is light speed though, ins't her best speed feat saying that she could go to Brazil in a second?
7I can imagine him tanking the hits of the other two just laughing maniacally.
8Yeah, he would probably feel massive, intense, unbearable pain like Cat did just by cutting her hand on it, but in the end he would still probably regenerate and release his next control level.
Alucard has no way of causing actual injury to the other two but also can't be killed due to Schrodinger's thing.Arc could probably create sunlight using marble phantasm, although that isn't guaranteed to kill Kisshot, and neither of the two would be able to cause permanent harm to each other with physical attacks.It'd basically be a threeway draw.
Is 30% Arc the one in Tsukihime?
3Well Alucard can choose to exist outside the chamber dunno if that counts as a win
0Travel back in time and kill Alucard back when he was still a babyHyperbolic space and time chamberYeah no.
I'm only really familiar with Kiss Shot, and even then, I still don't know how powerful she really is.What can she even do?What can Alucard do?What ridiculous shit can Arcueid do?
0No but that doesn't matter because he wouldn't be able to kill her. He'd exhaust.
5But there is no denial. It's been emphatically proven that he cannot defeat Featherine, Iihiko or Medaka.Myuugi and Hajun defeat him.
6Please go shitpost in some other place.
6
6The arguments supporting Featherine and Myuugi completely ignore the "infinite variations" of Demonbane through Athleta Aeternum. Medaka and Iihiko's only argument supporting them is their position in the narrative purported by Nisio Isin, and can't actually be supported outside of it's own story.
3She is before Shiki slices her apart.
9
Can any of them kill this guy?
6There's really nothing any of them can do. Schrodinger Alucard is immortal but weak, Arcueid can't harmed by the others and Kisshot's regen is so bullshit that it'd take an eternity to kill her.
Beyonder owns Demonbane.
UchihaMadara
7Satsujinki is great because he's Shiki with training and his full potential. His dad would have killed Kishima Kouma can fight Servants on equal ground in 2 hits if he owned MEoDP like Shiki did. And Shiki's more powerful than his father at their maximums.
7but even then he's not able to reach into the realm of being able to fight things like Servants.Did I forget to say that Shiki's dad made Servant-level Kishima Kouma sound so slow in Red Demon God? Yes, Shiki can reach into the realm of being able to fight Servants.
0Still can't fight Servants.Regular Tohno Shiki can't fight Servants. Satsujinki is not regular Tohno Shiki. Not by a longshot.
Arcueid rips a hole through the chamber and gets out.
2Arcueid can just Marble Phantasm her way out of that fight.
Could zombie apocalypse universe Kisshot be stopped from destroying humanity by Counter Guardian EMIYA with full backup from Alaya?
agree on a definition of 'dies'
6This depends entirely on what swords EMIYA is able to asspull from his RM.Maybe if he gets a good look at Kokorowatari he could spam a million of those at Kisshot.
Fuck you fuck you FATE FAGS FAN BASE GO AND LICK YOU FUCKING HOMO MAIN CHARACTER NO SEX SCENE MEANS FUCK THE FAN
1Alucard the weakened probably doesnt stand a chanceHe can warp to any point in space and disappear completely into his own mind
There are people who don't realize that Arcueid is the only possible victor
0Alucard
1The same who nearly got eaten and absorbed by best DAA
7Kiss Shot's most powerful formDo oddities have any limit to their power other than number and strength of believers? With enough people could she hypothetically become stronger than Arc?
6Tsukihime literaly says that humans can overpower the planet.
5Shirou can cook a mean Japanese dinner. None of them can do that.I'm sure at least one of them would be a decent chef.
So we've established if they all got trapped, they'd be there forever?
3This kind of threadsAlso Alucard wins, because only real humans can kill monsters.
6Yes they can, that apply especially for nasuverse.
Did you not play F/EArcueid can leave whenever she wants
9Explain how Alucard is supposed to kill them, bubs?
0To be fair, she got sliced up by Shiki beforehand.
A lot of people ITT forget that Arcueid is only immortal when she has earth backup AND the moon is shining. During the day she's plenty mortal, just really fucking hard to kill.
Arc would try to team up with one of them to defeat the other. Alucard and Kiss shot could still take both of them at once.
3He has a shota form ofcourse this girl vampires love shotas.
Vampires are odditiesoddities are things the earth try to eraseno u r wrongno uThis thread.
1No, I don't think you understand what Arcueid is. She can be killed, but you're not going to permanently keep hear down because she also can instant regen. Also, it takes a lot to kill her. Most shit she can just brush off.
7Welcome to /a/ newfriend!
7Arcueid is the opposite of "things the earth tries to erase", Arcueid is an extension of the earth's sense of touch.
3Why would you group Arc with 2 vampires? Wouldn't it make more sense to use one of the DDA as they are vampires?
1No, anon. That's not it at all. Unless one of these other characters has MEoDP, nothing is the slightest threat.
9abrahamic GodNot omnipotent, significantly weaker than Nya7Demonbane made of Featherine, Iihiko, Ajimu, Shurouga, Hajun and Myuugi etcDon't bring that shit into this thread please
9It does take a lot, but she has a finite amount of energy to regenerate with. Support from the earth only goes to [her enemy]+1, it isn't infinite. She could be torn apart ceaselessly until she runs out of regenerative capability and has to decide between succumbing to bloodlust 70% power boost or dying.I admit this is probably beyond either hypothetical opponent, though.
4That's flat false. Nasu even said Gae Bolg could kill her.She's mortal when the moon isn't out or she lacks the earth's backup. She needs both to be deathless. The fact that Shiki can see lines on her at all is literal proof that she is mortal: it means she contains "death" within her.Bringing that death about without MEoDP is just a staggeringly difficult trial.
9Demonbane made of Featherine, Iihiko, Ajimu, Shurouga, Hajun and Myuugi etcSure. In this multiverse. And he is a character in a book written by Featherine in META.
8still using this copypastaOh man, you are one sad individual.
6If he can't revive death he can't defeat a being above the concept of death
0I haven't heard a counterargument, nerd.
0Because it's all your stupidity's worth. You are incapable of arguing it because there is no argument, and you haven't played Umineko.
3D saves them all and scolds them for being stupid enough to get trapped
91I've given you plenty: you're spouting fanfiction. As you always have and always will evade: cite one single passage from Umineko that implies she "created all of fiction". She never has, and never will fit that criteria.
7He made her lose consciousness. Princess Arc shows up when Arc is sleeping, it's like sleep walking.Princess Arc hasn't really ever existedExcept she does. She is the Crimson Moon aspect inside Arc. Play Kagetsu Tohya.
All this /co/ talk reminds me.The Living Tribunal is another character stronger than Demonbane.
0best DAAThat's not TATARI family.
0Sure buddy.
1I've already cited Twilight of the Golden Witch you blithering idiot. I'm sorry you're too stupid to read it properly, but I guess it must be a side effect from your ADHD.I never said he "creates all fiction" either, I said she's capable of controlling/altering, and that's more than enough to form a paradox against Demonbane.
0
0currently dead
1you're spouting fanfictionWhat do you think Featherine is? You're overlooking everything critical.
3These 3 characters are locked in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber from Dragon Ball Z. They find a note on the table saying "the only way to leave is if one of you dies."Arc tells one of the other two to do something fancy to her. Arc dies, the door opens, and Arc revives. They then all leave and figure out what the fuck happened.
8Is that a complete Shinji-Grail-Titan?
0Stop shitposting, imbecile.
2paradoxes mattering to anything from lovecrafts pantheonparadoxes mattering to something that bitchslaps every being in lovecrafts pantheon
2No, that's not a citation. That's an evasion. Bring a single quote from it, as I've read through it twice and say you're full of shit. She is a theater-goer, and not game master of all games ever.6.What? Yes, Featherine is a fanfiction author, but that doesn't mean she can influence any narrative ever.
3Yes, yes she can. You're stupid.
8Arceuid / Alucard / Kiss Shot end up in DBversethis is the pilot of DBS
815and yet he's still stronger than Demonbane.People keep citing Demonbane's sealing of fake-Azathoth, but that doesn't mean anything. If anything, considering he's incapable of killing it, there's no way he'd be able to kill a healthy Living Tribunal.
2paradox against Demonbane.EGD never gave a single fuck about paradox, he "started" existing through one after all.
8lovecrafts pantheonIrrelevant. Demonbane has never come into contact with anything Lovecraft. Fanfiction versions of Lovecraft entities are nothing.
3but that doesn't mean she can influence any narrative ever.Confirmed retard. Read episode 8 properly you fucking idiot.
34Please stop
4Oh man, now that's a wrecking argument!0I have. You're probably thinking about when she hijacked the narrative to eliminate Lamdadelta, right? That's because Lamdadelta is a witch, and a witch is merely a piece on a gameboard to her, because she watches them from the level of gods. This is completely separate from controlling all narratives ever.
5Sure. In this multiverse. And he is a character in a book written by Featherine in META.
This is a form of True Magic in the NasuverseGit gud true ancesturds.And Antimage can kill servants.
7see7At least try.
1finite amount of energy to regenerate withThe energy is effectively limitless unless you are saying the Earth can easily run out of energy.
3You're saying that as if different metaphysics imply shit.For example, in D&D, it's common stuff for a wizard to be able to destroy a planet, create life itself, kill gods, or activate an infinite loop of power, but time travel more than 6 seconds into the past is a multiverse-destroying ultimate power beyond any known being's capability.
6You linked me to my own post, what do you intend to do
0I literally just said the earth doesn't give her an infinite reserve of power, it only gives her [her enemy]+1.
8Ahh geeze anon I just wanted to have a little fun shitposting.
5The earth gives her a fixed amount to raise her parameters. Her stamina and regenerative powers are limitless.
5limitless.Untrue, it's insanely high but not limitless.
5No, they really aren't. She has to draw on her own reserves, which are extreme, but not infinite. She nearly exhausted her entire functional reserves it nearly drove her to bloodlust creating a new body from scratch.This is entirely different that regenerating damage through the standard vampire's curse of time, but that still takes energy. Much, much less in comparison, so she can do it as easy as breathing, but still some.
Anshin'in definitely beats Demonbane.
5Demonbane is a main character, Anshin'in lose by default.
HAHA! Nice powerlevel thread OP!But can any of those three beat Madoka?
5Explain howDemonbane has all of Anshin'in's skills plus infinity
1arcruied are oddities.She's really not though. She is the earths ultimate defense, literally. She was the strongest being of those created to defend earth from humanity.She is one of the only beings in tsukihime universe that wouldn't be considered an oddity.
5Anshin'in has all of Demonbane's skills times infinity.7Except she can't.
3Anshin'in has all of Demonbane's skills times infinity.12,858,051,967,633,865 is not infinite, it's just a lot.
6You weren't reading. The problem was her bloodlust. She was close to 0% or even in the negatives from recreating her body + needing to supress her growing bloodlust. Conventional damage won't be able to exaust her like that.
3That's.. still finite, man.Conventional damage could, it would just require an absolutely inordinate degree. Like trying to make a person tire out by lifting their finger repeatedly.
8Did you seriously think that was always the maximum of what she could learn?She can do anything at any time. Demonbane also can't affect her in any way.
6Demonbane also can't affect her in any way.1 It can.2 She can't affect Demonbane in any way.
6Exactly what? Run by me when she got the ability to achieve new powers instantly or retroactively?
71 It can.How?Otherwise, opinion discarded.
7
9None of that can permanently erase Ajimu from existence. Read Medaka Box before shitposting please.1How do you think she got all those skills in the first place?
Can SYBIL judge servants?
9Then why even bring it up? It's a non-factor in these kinds of battles. Unless her opponent can pull off a Super Saiyan multiplier and instantly become stronger + some broken anti-regen that might or might not work they aren't going to be able to stand a chance against even 30% Arc.
6There was Demonbane that permanently erased Ajimu from existence
6Stop shitposting and learn to read.
6How do you think she got all those skills in the first place?Unknown Limit? Actually, I don't think it was ever really covered. Feel free to correct me.. my memory's blurry.
6and yet she came back.There was also an Anshin'in who permanently erased Demonbane from existence.
2they aren't going to be able to stand a chance against even 30% Arc.Wasn't it confirmed Gilgamesh can beat 30% arc?
5Demonbane has come back from non existence in canonElder God Demonbane is completely immune to itIt could also remove her skills
5Permanently removing Demonbane from existence is already proven in-story to be ineffective, as Demonbane just exploded back into existence angrier than ever.
3I was bringing up the bare minimum required to beat a 30% Arc. Gil has a shiton of shit in his vault.
5who permanently erased Demonbane from existence.Nya tried, didn't work.
1Something Anshin'in is more than capable of. Demonbane could remove her skills, but she'd still have them.4Kind of like how everything Demonbane does would be ineffective against Anshin'in.
8BUCKLEY DOES IT AGAIN
9Anshin'in has a finite number of powersDemonbane has infinite copies with infinite unique powers
912 quadrillion is still not infinite. It is infinitely less than infinite. Nothing implies she can suddenly acquire any feature she sees, else she would have Iihiko's meta-invulnerability.
4and yet he can't kill her permanently. Too bad.
4Demonbane has the power to kill Anshin'in completely, stop wanking Medakabucks
9Glad you mentioned Iihiko; another character that Demonbane simply cannot defeat.
9She should be able to take the ability creation from the other not equal and thus be able to create any ability she wants. But the only thing she could never obtain was the personality of a main character.
8Sure he does, but she'll just come back.
0there was a Demonbane that was a contemporary existence with the reader
7Okay.Demonbane is usually fine with that.Nyarlathotep is much the same, after all.
8Alucard tells one of the other two to do something fancy to her. Alucard dies, the door opens, and Alucard revives. They then all leave and figure out what the fuck happened.
9Cool, Iihiko still can't be permanently killed.
9Good thing that Demonbane is a main character then.
7Demonbane can stop her from doing that
1You're kinda conflating "defeat" with "permanently vanquish".Demonbane doesn't permanently vanquish a lot of things.
1I can only think of Nya and Azathoth, anyone else?
demonbanefags continuing to masturbate over defeating not-azathothReminder that Demonbane is a jobber. He is not above the metaverse.
1What do you mean by metaverse?
3This is going to be one talk no jutsu because none of them can die.
2Well, Liber Legis always seems to make its way back.
0And he got his ass kicked by japanese highschool boy
, 
Summer looks terrible.Except GATCHAMAAAAAAAAANHYPE THREAD GATCHAMAAAAAAANGet super hyped with the music mates
NNB will be miles better than this shit
0Summer looks terrible.NNB 2More Prismaufo animating anythingGatchaman looks good too but silver link is saving anime this summer
0GAT GAT GAT GAT GATCHAAAAAMAAAAAAAAANI sometimes wonder why they decided to call this a gatchaman anime instead of a new IP, but then this plays in my head and there's no other words as catchy
0GatchamanhypeIf Working weren't there, Gatchaman would be the least bad new show. It's still boring shit though.
9solshitters in charge of taste
1ufoshit animating shitIt's shit anon.
3There's a 90% chance that you're right, but at least 5% of it will look cool and I wanna look at it
5Facebook Sentai Adventuresgood7It's sad that the chances are really stacked against it, I don't see how it could work out right off the back of UBW.
9As much as I love the rest of Crowds, the real reason I love it is GATCHAMAAAAAAAN
4off the back of UBWI don't think UBW was an amazing adaptation. It's been good, but not so good to overshadow future works. I'd say ufo has the ball in their hands with this and it's up to them how it turns out.If anything it could be better since less people are familiar with the source material and they're not re-hashing a 10 year old porn game that everyone's already read and wasn't that good or coherent to begin with
0new Aquarionnew DRRRnew Workingnew Gatchamannew To Love-Runew NNBnew Illyanew Idolm@sternew Yuru YuriSummer is gonna be great.
8UBW hasn't been amazing, but to me it looks like Ufotable have thrown a lot of effort into it all the same. Bearing in mind UBW itself was split cour I just don't see how they can jump straight into another show afterwards without sacrificing a lot.Of course it's always possible the director could work some magic outsourcing perhaps for instance, time will tell.
1new Yuru YuriI have some bad news for you.
0Not him but I thought YRYR was getting something this summer?
1NEW AQUARION10 000 FUCKING YEARS AND I STILL MAD
Wait, someone is actually excited about gatchaman? What is wrong with you?
1he hasn't heard
4D-Do I want to?
1Anime isn't airing until October. At least we're getting some specials in the summer though.
2God fuck
1new AquarionWill she win this time?
Almost time for more Notebook Fondling eh? Awesome.
0:
0I am hype. Why are all the gatcha boys so good?
1New Symphogear
9Is there not a single heterosexual male amongst the Gatchaman crowd?No wonder Hajime had to settle for the androgynous evil alien if these people were the only other choices.
0tfw it must suck having this much shit taste oh ya it's a "bad season" alright buddy, you take some ritalin to calm that autism and take a rest
7We actually enjoyed crowds. I know, we're degenerates, but I'm still excited for S2
Gatchaman is Nakamura's worst show. Worse than C. I am sure the new season will be be boring shit that is so bland and uninspired you can't even tell it is him directing it just like the first season.
7bland and uninspiredwhat
7Some of us like animu that's actually fun to watch?Pic totally related
5ritalinrestingautismbuzzwords don't multiply the validity of your post
So what is this anime even about and should I care about anything other than the soundtrack?
4It's about Miyano being awesome.
0Summer looks terrible.Shit taste. I've already got thirty-plus shows lined up for at least the first three episodes.
4It was about social networks, trolls, communicating with aliens, idealism vs. optimism vs. cynicism, and of course :Hajime is a miracle of the universe.4This too.
3Although I do have to agree that OP's taste is shit. I've been hyped for Summer for a long time, and not just because of Crowds S2: Bergjime Boogaloo.
3It looks like Rui got tits.
my body is ready for the shitposting : 
Is this show actually a documentary about autism or is /a/ joking?
0except gatchamanyeah no, still platinum mad with the shit ending of the first season.
7Since C was good it should be fine.
3complains about buzzmemes while using the buzzmeme meme
WHO WILL MARRY DOG THIS TIME
7________:___________
0Didn't Crowds bomb hard?
7Nope.
No seriously, say he shave his head off. When it grows back, what's the color? Is it brown or blonde? Say it's brown, how does it know to change color when it reaches certain length? And even if it's blonde then how come he still has brown hair at the tip at this age? Are you telling me he never once cut off his hair?
I don't know how hair dye worksChecked
3he didn't dye his hair bruh
You just splash dye at the top and keep the tips covered.C'mon OP
3I've never seen this showThat's stated to be his natural hair color.
0HE DIDN'T FUCKING DYE HIS HAIR!!DOES ANYONE SEE THIS SHOW AT ALL?!
That's how genes in anime work
30Kodakausing hair dyeWell done /a/
this threadquestioning anime logic
It's called dirty blonde you dumbassAlso its a fucking anime, all these nip characters should have black hair even if they are half-whites
My hair has light strands and dark strands. When I meet people, they often comment that it looks like I have highlights in my hair. He probably has the same thing going on and they just didn't feel like coloring each individual strand of hair differently.
6dirty blonde is more spread out. Kodaka's hair is more consistent with the tip being brown and the root being pure blonde.
It's blonde but as the hair grows longer, the hair tips starts to oxidize and gives it the unique pattern.
0Huh? What did you say?
7You need to leave.
353Time to feel retarded. Fucking half breed yankees.
7Kodaka pls go
, 
Who is she /a/ ?
1Heisenberg
The Rape Ape.
WHOSE EYES ARE THOSE
My waifu
1The perfect waifu
04my niggas
You guys aren't actually still watching this right? Have some fucking respect.
1It's weird imagining Nagato address anybody that way.
4Fuck off. I watch what I damn want to watch.
8Feel free to watch whatever you want. That doesn't mean you aren't still a bottom feeding plebian who deserves to be smacked for promoting bad anime.
4Stoic girls are my weakness and I have no sense of self worth, of course I'll watch it.
7Where exactly do you think you are?
47Dubs for truth.
7Yes yes yes, we know it's bad. But the best way to confirm something is bad is to watch it.Otherwise, it's little more than presumption.
2
7I guess that what we call M?He hate "X" anime, yet he always read "X" anime boards like real M.....
4Neo New Neko Nagato
Crispin Freeman is saving this show.
She must be the real Izumi Shinichi-kun
1TAAKIfecesRei clone sickness Yuuki
7being elitiston /a/
1Mai waifu.All Nagato Yukis are mai waifu, moeblob or not.
new episode comes outbest girl isn't in itmfw
1
1isn't it sad when this anime is only good when Haruhi is around?
4You spelt Truruya wrong.
1I swear to God, Satelight's kuudere Nagato is basically Rin Tezuka reskin.
2So did you.
4But new Haruhi is less bitchy and not the focus, which I like. And I'm digging Asakura, too, and I didn't give a fuck for her before.Honestly the show isn't bad other than the new Yuki
2Best girl.
1She's Nagato Yuki, god damn Asakura was unbearable this episode somebody needs to calm her down.
9worst girl turns into best girlbest girl turns into worst girlThis show is literally doing strange things to me.
, 
, 
Hope you guys like idol witches.
4I like idol everything!
no ovahave a musical insteadI'm kinda okay with this.
buy mangoes.
4PACHI-SLOTAnd nothing of value happend.
4PachislotAnd nothing of Value was lost. Goddamit 501st. What the fuck are you doing?At least we now have the 502nd anime to tide us over. But that's probably gonna come next year.
5At least we now have the 502nd anime to tide us overAnd I don't like it one bit. I'm gonna miss my wing with lolis.
4Sup LRD.
6Can't I miss the loli Wing?502nd is pretty poor on that aspect. They have a 15-16 year old girl as a token loli and that's it.501st had their 14-15 year old Yoshika in the main position with similar build, had Perrine/Erika with also similar build, Sanya was 13-14 year old and pretty small herself, while they had a childish and mischiveous 12 year old Lucchini who was indeed the smallest of all.
2You can, but you're a very shallow person if all you care about is the physical build of the witches disregarding their characters, VAs, interactions, story, etc.
4I never quite understood that assumption.I don't only care for that, but obviously being a loli is a huge plus for me, just like for people who hate them they are a huge minus.And even despite that, I'm just sad that Strike Witches, what was once a strong title for lolicons among the last title I can remember having top tier loli service with detailed closeups ends up with the usual "one token high school loli" as the only small girl who we might or might not see lewdness.
2Well, you saidAnd I don't like it one bit. basically implying that if they take the loli-part away they take everything away you liked about SW. Like you can't enjoy it at all.
4No. I didn't mean "I don't like 502nd Wing one bit", I meant "I don't like the fact that 501st Wing is being changed one bit".Anyways I'm pretty sure I'm the only "autistic retard" who wanted more 501st girls, so don't let my opinion ruin your mood especially if you know what kind of lolicon retard I am, cheers.
0I think we had enough 501st. While some of the characters had some development, overall they stayed rather constant, almost becoming gimmick characters only defined by certain quirks instead of being full-fledged characters. I fear getting more 501st would just result in repetition of already overused patterns in the behaviour of the characters.And seeing how many witches they already made it would be a total waste not to animate other squads as well.
5I know that's how most people feel and I don't want to blame anyone for it too. And I might enjoy it myself when it comes, but I'm still sad that we aren't getting some real top tier loli fanservice.That's it from me for this thread, especially since it's a good thing to get a new cast from a more objective viewpoint.
Apologies if this has been asked in a different thread, but what happened to the Strike Witches Archive? noticed that it has been down for a few days now.
4Relax, I'm not judging you.After all Lucchini is lovely and delicious.
New cast, but old problems like 5mentioned?I hope not. I finally want some serious character development. Or is this not possible because muh historical archetype?
9If they'd just make one season for each squad development wouldn't be an issue.
3Maintainer here. It's still alive and well, but the servers are probably having problems, hence the downtime. Apologies for the inconvenience caused.
4Yeah, so either less pandering or more episodes to make it possible.
6No worries, I'm glad to hear that it's still alive.
Soon.
, 
, 
Redundant Chapter 2: Norn's Marriage - Second Part Why aren't you reading Mushoku Tensei right now?
, 
, 
, 
Update: The animeanime.jp website initially reported that the anime is an adaptation of Tales of Zestiria, but it updated its article so that it only states that it is an adaptation of the Tales of franchise. Bandai Namco Entertainment also characterizes the anime as a Tales of project, and not an adaptation of Tales of Zestiria specifically.
Hoping for Xillia anime
2Must because they heard about those bad reactions on internet.
Voice actress of Miuna forced to prostrate herself before the audience to apologize for the commotion her Tales character has caused
2Why not a good anime for a good Tales of huh?Why it'll be this shit of Zestiria...?Why...?
I liked the OVA.
6Is it true that Baba was a no-show at TalesFes?
It's an "adaptation of Zestiria" except not. Can people not read the fucking trailer? It's described as "rebirth of Zestiria" and "all-new wortk". It's a re-imagining of Zestiria with a new story and a new character.
6Yeah, he run away.
2I need more of this woman.
Text: The journey of the shepherd transcends ZestiriaI bet it's a show about the Zestiria homos traveling through different Tales worlds.
2I hope other Tales MCs tell Soley how shit he is.
Sheena, Leia and Judith are best Tales.
2Colette, Elize and Estelle are all superior.Way to have poor taste.
0Disgusting.
7Para ballArea heals, Negative Gate and decent melee abilitiesHealing and StunHammersAir juggling is fun though, I'll give you that.
2I know this is off-topic but is Zestiria's story actually good? Have not played the unlocalized version yet.
6Sounds like bollocks and you know what makes it worse is that people didn't actually hate Rose.
2
2
28yfw she was irrelevant in the game
Can we just move on to the next game?
2I really whichever one they go for ends up being as good as the OVA, because that was pretty fun.I wonder if Ufotable will break the curse of game adaptations with this and Godeater?
3
9The game after that thing.
, 
, 
, 
Was the price ever revealed?
4priceIt's "prize", and I don't think so.
about tree fiddy
It's a speedboat.
It must be a train.
, 
So, do you like the new characters?
8I want to see them smile, they don't look great with that facial expression
8I try not to judge characters based solely off design, but they seem fine, make a bit too much on the girl on the right, she might have a reason though.Has the girl on the left ever heard of pants?
Out of place, TBPH.Maybe they'll grow on me later, but for the time being, I don't care for them.
So instead of new symphos they're just gonna make new types of enemies? Maybe Fine's old friends?
They're okay, there's just too many of them.I'm looking forward to pantywitch getting fisted, though.
8witch hatYES
Has Misaki Kuno ever sung? I can't picture her singing in a way that would fit Symphogear.The dolls and Carol look alright.
I thought they wouldn't introduce too many new characters so they can focus on the current ones?
5They said there wouldn't be new allies. They didn't say anything about characters.
AutoscorersAutomatons with gears? That sounds pretty cool.
S3 when?
, 
, 
Would you?
5demon cockNot even once
5tfw no R34 of Miyuki
Nigga please
5What a fuckin' head.
5/mlp/ pls go
6old genkai is better
I'd hit her  in the ta-tas
, 
You now remember Akame ga Kill.
4dark heroine fantasy ? Where is the heroine ?
4Who the fuck is Akame?
4Only remember Clown rape
3Please tell me you haven't forgotten Meet Dog as well
4After alchemist died last chapter the last character I give a shit about is the Prime Minister, but not enough to keep reading. Maybe when it ends I'll just read it all in one go.
4Mine is in coma so nobody cares anymore.
, 
So which is the better show /a/?Samurai Flamenco or Tiger & Bunny
7I was expecting SF to be shit but it ended up being a better experience than T&B. The T&B movie sequel is neat though.
7I can't choose one. I like them both.
5If they're almost equally good, any similar good shows?
CG shitSamurai Flamenco is best. Shame about those cars though.
7Flamenco was good until it went full retard with superpowers and shit.So, Tiger & Bunny.
7T&B because I was waiting for assault rifle Goto and never got it. T&B met all promises and more. Still love both shows to death though.
Both were pretty fun shows. Too bad Samumenco didn't sell as much T&B.
Do we know what mages think of north america and australia?
5bunch of burgermances and kangoroo summoners
5Apparently they think the US is shit.
5gimme more deets
5There are mages in the USA
6"We answer to the united states of america."as in, the government?
7Yes
3shit. I thought that was supposed to be a secret from ALL muggles, even the government.what manga is this?
3Fate/Strange fake, It's about a Grail War happening in the USA. It's based in a LN so don't expect updates any time soon though.
5AustraliaA separate from Gaia and Alaya entity with all life forms being Types in a disguise and its onw brand of Counter Force called Fuck You Force.
5is it stated why?
5the US is shitwhat is fate/strange fake?clearly its just old world vs new world assclownery.hell murrica figured fuck it, they are just as good as the japs so they made their own damn grail and told the rest of the world to fuck itself.
“Do you have convictions?”“Convictions?” The voice simply continued to speak words from behind Faldeus. “Do you have convictions that you would offer your life to?”Faldeus thought about it briefly and answered under controlled breathing. “I dedicate all my magic to the United States of America. That is my conviction.”“Are you prepared to follow your convictions, even if it means ending someone’s life?” “You mean would I kill?” “That is what it means to make a contract with me.” Being a grail war, the majority of its participants were magi who were prepared for life and death situations. However, just how many of them would be quick to answer when they could feel death strongly approaching them? After a short pause, the young magus spoke with surprising calmness. “Of course; if it is for the sake of the United States, I have no reservations on killing our citizens,” Faldeus said firmly. After brief silence, the darkness behind him uttered words.“I am Hassan i Sabbah,” the Heroic Spirit said, revealing its true name. Faldeus was now certain. With no contract established between them yet, this could not be telepathy. However, his name had definitely reached his ears alone. It really had been a whisper that that shook only a part of Faldeus’ brain. As if his innards were tainted by some curse. “I will be your shadow, so long as you do not abandon your convictions.”Burger wizards are a-go.
7you will never be a burger wizard with the magic to spawn material items at will, to summon bald eagle mounts at will and to have the reality marble of infinite bullet worksanon plz.
7I dedicate all my magic to the United States of America.I like this guy.
, 
, 
Kagami's trigger for entering the Zone is the determination to fight for his teamAkashi's trigger for entering the Zone is completely losing faith in his team Now, Seirin, you are allowed to die.
8Wait till you see the Deep Zone.
, 
, 
, 
I like this genre but I've noticed a pattern.If its a comedy about a guy that switches back and forth, no matter how funny it is the story will usually go nowhere and eventually get repetitive. Examples of this are Ranma, Futaba, Kampfer and Gacha Gacha Secret.Or if its a guy permanently stuck as a girl he will make and inexplicable 180° change mentally and give up on getting a cure. A lot of the time even if he was completely straight he might end up doing something gross like fucking his best friend.Which of these annoy you more.
4something gross like fucking his best friendpleb
4Not going anywhereat least the 2nd option has developmentIts all about how you tell the story
4The second one annoys me so much I highly doubt any straight dude who unwillingly turned into a chick would accept it so easy and be attracted to males.
2 While on a basic and psychological level I agree, there is always the possibility of an hormonal change that goes with it. If the new "female" character has a normal female body she might feel attracted to males. I would love to be able to change some test subjects sexes to study human behavior based on gender, perhaps open up a few to see what makes them tick.
4Also I noticed that whenever a guy turns into a girl in Western media they always waste the potential by using it as an opportunity to show how HARD it is to be a woman to a male character instead of using it for any decent comedy.
Genderbent guys getting fucked is super hot
0Why? It makes no sense unless he was already mentally transgendered
5Previously unencountered dick lust is semi common with MtF that start to transition.
4Reminder that the only reason Inuyasha got finished is due to the author's BROTHER coming in and finishing it FOR HER.
8You don't like seeing a man, become a slave to their now female urges. What a fag.
That one manga where a guy gets hit by a bus saving a lolicrazy scientist helps revive himhe's now also a loliHasn't gotten turned back after 40 chaptersI'm getting tired of this bullshit. I'm starting to feel bad for this guy, he loved somebody who just treats him like a little kid now.
9love story ever told.
4Ranma would've have been so much better if was an action adventure comedy. They should have gotten ridden of the Tendo family and Furinkan. The series should have focused more on Jusenkyo and supernatural material arts. Ranma was always at its best when a new foe like Taro or Herb showed or when Ranma was actually looking for a cure along with Ryouga and Mousse. An entire in China would've been great.
9That picture answers exactly why I don't like the concept.
5The action scenes were the most boring and repetitive part of the show, besides no character development past season 1. The show was all about the social interactions and tension. The action was just to get straight guys to watch.
7The action was just to get straight guys to watch.So are you gay or a girl? I personally disagree. I think the action sequences ere pretty creative especially the ice skating.The show was all about the social interactions and tensionSince when? Are you sure we're both talking about the same show?
Mfw I want to make a gender bender webcomic but I'm too embarassed to actually make it.
4Have you read Fukigen Cinderella? The MC switches back and forth but it's not a comedy, and it has an actual story. "He" has a lot of resentment over his situation, but eventually there's sort of a personality split and the two sides conflict with each other.
8shame it had such a shitty ending, I really liked it, his bro was pretty damn smooth.
4Well, what do you expect? A story about a guy changing into a girl, or vice versa, that is not enough. Once you have written about the initial reactions, then what? The day to day stuff? Then? What? There's not enough material, the story needs a lot more.
8gender-bent guy starts up in deep denial about his own sexuality but soon starts loosing himself little by littleby the end he discovers his true self"It makes no sense"nigga, tell me if this isn't the tightest shit
5There have been experiments on animals where exposing the embryonic brain to hormones that the opposite sex would receive results in animals that display sexual behavior normally found in the opposite sex. This would suggest that if someone were magically fully transformed into the opposite sex and ended up with a heterosexual brain, then it would make sense for their sexual orientation to be affected.2People don't consciously choose what they're attracted to though. Did you wake up one morning after hitting puberty and say "I think I'd rather start being attracted to women rather than men".
8Holy shit, thanks anon. I'm already loving this. MC going around calling people sluts, after getting wet while raped. It can't get better than this
7Mizuki was extremely girl before she was bent, she just has a complex about it.
9He probably also likes dudes. Because bro got him wetter than hell
0You might like the ending of Ichinensei ni Nacchattara. Even though near the end the author ran out of ideas and started throwing in various weird stuff. Reminded me of the 10th episode of season 3 of Gag Manga Biyori, where a manga author tries to keep his manga that's rapidly losing popularity alive by including all sorts of weird nonsensical stuff in a desparate effort to attract readers.4I wouldn't call the second one a bad thing. The first one is pretty bad, though I wouldn't include Futaba in that category. It was relatively short and I don't recall it becoming particularly repetitive.
7Oh yeah, I remember the part where he gets in the robot suit that looked like him, and I just went nope this is dumb and dropped it
1It got worse. E.g. one of the MC's friends was suddenly revealed to be a magical girl out of nowhere.
12That sounds awesome, picked up.
2wut...
4That was beautiful. I should have gone to bed, but I read all of that instead...
3I just completed it. Dude what the hell kind of shitty ending was that. So forced.
0The magazine got cancelled and the woman who was making the manga had to asspull and ending.
0Ah. She should at least have him fuck the opposite gender version of himself if she's gonna asspull like that.
9Yeah, that would be something...
5 Being a woman HardHoly fuck m8 im dying
5Don't start this shit.
4More than anything the second because it has being done to the fucking ground, I want my fucking yuri or at least something original.
5Sorry, this isn't /v/ where you can derail every thread with gender wars
3That's not even /v/, that post was borderline /r9k/ tier.
4What are the best romance genderbender mangas ?
3I want my fucking yuriHave you watched Kashimashi yet?
8I came back to this thread to tell you that I read it and am mad as fuck. That has to be one of the worst endings I've read in some time. Holy shit, if there were just 2 more chapters I wouldn't be as mad. Thanks for the adventure though. It was an interesting read.
Ranmarepetitivegoes nowhereHave you read the manga you stupid fucks?
0What do you consider progress in Ranma? The only type of "progression" in Ranma is the introduction of new characters. The story and character relationships were locked into stasis. E.g. Akane never figured out P-chan's identity no matter how obvious it became in some stories. And with 38 volumes the whole thing got pretty repetitive.
0I thought the exact same thing. God damnit, where are the good gender bender mangas, it's like they don't even exist.
6Define "good".
Genderbent shows are a simple bait and switch because all they have to do is draw a girl and make a regular romance between her and a guy, except they call it male at the start of the story.That being said, I still love it and will continue to enjoy however many of these stories that Japan will churn out. I've bought all volumes of Boku Girl up until now and I own the first box set of Ranma 1/2.
shinshuki bitter change
7Next chapter soon, I can't fucking wait. Even managed to avoid spoilers for once.
1A good manga: an overly satisfying reading experience
2That's quite subjective. What satisfies you won't satisfy others. One man's heaven is another man's hell.
4even if he was completely straight he might end up doing something gross like fucking his best friend.and?
6picThat's before the change, numbnuts! He's still a fucking dude!
Gender bender anime discussionNot mentioning the greatest one of all time, which unfortunately only got one OVA because the writers can't write girls or boys-turned-girls for shit
5defending /v/
1best of all timewriters suckSo what made it best then?
3Fucking Xebec, man.
7not blaming /pol/
1Really? I found that OVA pretty awful. The protagonist was a standard perverted harem MC surrounded by girls who inexplicably like him for being a nice guy in spite of the fact that he's a selfish asshole. All the MC did was use his transformarion to peep on and molest his harem. And they threw in as many cliches as they could.
8no shit, captain obvious. What did you think I was asking for?
She's objectively the worst Amagami.
3That's not Sae.
8Came here to post this.
You talking shit about mah waifu?
4She's fat.F A T AT
Unconditionally loves himSweet and caringNot psychotic, tsundere, or otherwise mentally unstableMORE CUSHION FOR THE PUSHIN'Objectively the best Amagami.Any other opinion is clinically insane.
4boring pantsu
89fite me
3That's not Risa.
average Rihokofag
6And now I'm hungry. Thanks, asshole.
Kikuhime is my waifu.
not Peppercat
, 
whot's yore favorite anime bookthey are colled mengos
I liek ANAMAY
Will you accept eternal sexual paradise with mindfused twins? Or will try restore Kohaku's and Hisui's original personas?
Rape is the only answer here Anon.
7You already did that.
[X] Genuflect
6That's Kagetsu Tohya. Fucking secondaries.
7tips fedora
6Mindfused Kohaku and Hisui? That sounds interesting.
0It's a picture of _______Who was it?
7Trips for truth.
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
SO EXCITED TO FINALLY REWATCH THIS
gg/qq master race reporting in
5Nicest, prettiest, softest, and all around best girl coming through!
55
2agreed.though taiga is pretty cute too9NO
2Started good, became shit with all her pointless wangst-fest.
1wangst-festwhat?
4YOU GOT HEXES... FOR THIS ?
4
4WHAT IS GOING ON?!!!
488GET REKT
4Shit get
4Wasted get, fuck you.
444
4Thread over.
4
4
4AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
4this can't be real
4
4
4hory shet
4SOMEBODY TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON?!!!!!!!!
if trips the hex get is canceled
4
4Jesus
 144444444 - that'd be the get 126444444 - that's absolutely nothinglearn the difference you fucking retards.
7hexesabsolutely nothingget a load of this guy
4Nice.
vanilasalutode
2AMAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDAKE NARAAAAAAASORUTOOOOKAKEMASHOU
4Nice derailing, faggot.
i see sakura learn from midori the ancient japanese way of "letting yourself get cucked"
4Toradora is overrated as fuck. I'm glad this killed the thread.
5not waiting for christmas stream
4not watching it twice a year
I WANT SOME DUBS
7Overrated things are inherently bad
0offbyoneI cry every time
05ayyy
4Anon should have been more clear, Toradora is overrated shit.
8by who
7What I don't like  overrated
4
story of my lifewatched Toradora! circa 20081st tsundere of mah laifsudohbucksfavorite anime of all timeplayed audition dance battle onlinethousands of playersfound girl online and irl named "Taiga"became gf irlstole my nintendo DSbroke upToradora worst anime ever
0What does  mean? I've never seen that notation before.
5it means!==/=~=it's used in some programming languages.
5means ≠.The forms !=, /= or  are generally used in programming languages where ease of typing and use of ASCII text is preferred.
9overratedBy shippers.shitTakemiya-Okada presents.
4
2GET REKTIt was funny then you blew it.
, 
, 
Posting my favorites

1class="quote"CromartieYuyuGTO I like your taste op
6This is also my favourite but i also love ED3


God-tier Nana OP coming through.
5found it
1best
8Open thisTokyo ESPThanks for reminding me how painfully bad that shit was
2I got barakamon.Today was a good day.

EDs
4Just found out it was the same singer that did the first ED. That explains the comfyness both songs have.

Some of my favourites: 
LodossBladeProxyyou know which one.


Best OP here;

CLASH! INTO THE ROLLING MORNING
, 
Man, I read this for the first time the other day, and it's really good. Oddly enough I found it in my local library's children's graphic novels section. They have the first 10 volumes, and next time I go I'm going to pick them up. Any other manga like this?  I picked it up because I recognized it as "the 4chan girl". Please don't kill my normie ass. 
It was obvious enough without the spoiler which you could have done without. You mean things in the children section? Funnily enough I saw Azumanga Daioh also in the children's section.
9Probably Azumanga Daioh, but besides that you might have a hard time finding something as feelgood as Yotsuba&.Don't make recommendation threads on /a/, newfriend: start them off as X threads then ask 40 posts later for similar content.
9Azumanga Daioh, is another good one. It's by the same author as Yotsuba and is the work that came before it. You can find it in omnibus form the version that you want at your local Barns & Nobles and Bools a Million.
7Thanks, it's surprisingly hard find some feelgood comedy slice of life manga.5Thank you, I lurk and occasionally post on other boards, but I wasn't sure how to ask for recommendations on /a/
4surprisingly hard find some feelgood comedy slice of life manga.It's actually really easy because of how it's all tagged on MU. You're lucky you started with Yotsuba. If you started with any other manga people would have told you to fuck off to /r/. No rec threads allowed.Lurk more and all that.
9What's MU? Oh god I'm such a newfag normie
7Funnily enough I saw Azumanga Daioh also in the children's section.Is that surprising?

9Like, not even kid section, but toddler section.
Usagi Drop, Non Non Biyori, Narutaru, Barakamon
Have u fags seen this yet?a Best
5
1
1
3
7
have you seen this tho ? 
8i have now. im an adult too
5Retarded shit.
8thanks for making me laugh this early in the morning.
People are always wanking so much over how Shinji would be 100x times better if he ~manned up~ that I'm actually curious what they would think of it if Michael Bay carried that idea out. As Bay's esthetic is usually considered perfectly mundane and thus vulgar,Would they be confused?Would that make them understand how shit their idea was from the beginning?Would that make people understand what made NGE substantial?I'm maliciously curious about that
i 'unno
1I think that would be kind of interesting, but on the other hand I hope this will never happen.
, 
, 
Is he the edgiest character of all time?
He barely even has any angles
4
9That's not Akari or post farmland saga Thorfinn.
, 
, 
, 
Is the idolm@ster declining?
s a c h i k oex t r e m ey
4I can only hope so, after what they did to CG.
Scamco won't let it.Hagm@ster when?
5Probably soon, looking at their popularity.On the other hand lolis' popularity fell to the ground, partially thanks to the anime adaptation shitting on them.
4Why? Didn't the anime sell really well?
8lolis' popularity fell to the groundGood lolis are shit. Except Rika.Anzu a shit.
0Rika's popularity fell completely off charts, while Anzu is the only loli that manages to stay in the top 10 iirc, or top 25 even.
44the idolm@sterOne tip.Remove the "The."Just "Idolmaster." It's cleaner.
9I refuse.
05being a sexy, passion type lolithe animation staff refuses to give even one good shot of her and shoves her in the same cute category as MiriaIt was a sure way for people to lose interest in her.
didnt realize this trash is popularThis is what you guys should be watching ---
4Please yes!leaseyes!
Yes, but only because best idol doesnt have a voice yet
4Yes, that's why Miura MIGHT go back to Berserk next month!!!!
3loliShe couldn't possibly raise popularity of this franchise.Try a more mature one.
4No. Shibuya Rin is saving it from destruction.
Well LL is superior so it's not really surprising.
Love Live  IM@S
Love Live finds a way to be even more derivative than idolm@ster.
24implying
2cute category as MiriaMiria is also a passion loli.
9I bet you would also be in favor of calling the hulk, simply hulk.
2Yeah, but she was shoved into the cutesy retard category in the anime.Alsoevery girl getting detailed navels with vagina bone who had skin showingexcept the lolis look like thisI am fucking angry at A-1, and they are certainly loli haters, as ViVid was proof enough.
indeed, CG is the only thing that can save it but namco won't recognize them as their only light of hope..
4Yes, because Scamco refused to do the "3rd vision" and prefer to cash-in with mobage.
4Yes as long as namco kept putting their hope on the ml failures.
1I won't deny that but now that they already fucked up, the most obvious course of action would be milking correctly their most popular and powerful subfranchise, and not some lets make an anime with some random CG girls but real milking with the most popular CGs out there and actually putting some money and effort in them, doubt that it will happen but if they don't Namco doesn't deserve his jew status anymore.
Idols of all kind a shit.
4Anya stops my heart from declining
4All the girls you posted are saving it. I want to serve Ranko.
5I need the christmas cake idols now
9Christmas Cake is trending and extremely popular now.Lolis are dying out. You will soon get them to replace all the lolis, be a bit more patient.
Image stolen from /jp/
giving screentime to the shit russian and her defficient talking gimmicknot giving screentime to SachikoDropped that shit like a very hot potato.
4it declines everyday we don't get a puchimas season 3.at least the manga is there, but still.
1Sachikofags
4Breaking News: Locodols kill Idolmasters
0The original 765's are in a slow decline but CG, ML and Side-M are doing extremely well.LL is ending with the movie. So unless they do a 2nd Vision style reboot like im@s, they won't last any longer. Sunshine looks like shit.Hatsluts are a permanent fixture that won't go away anytime soon. Boatsluts are a fad. I'd wait one more year before it can be decided that it has staying power or not.
0Swap Touhou with Strike Witches and we have a deal.
make shows about idols that has no heartpopularity wanesYamakan will save us yet
4It would be better if they gave spots to Sachiko and Kaede over 80% of the rest of the cast.
4cg a shit
4it's because they didn't give Rin enough screentime in the anime
7I doubt they'll let Love Live die off anymore then they will let Aikatsu die off.As for Sunshine, we will see.They are still prepping with various polls.5Movie soon but I'm still a little ticked Yamakan split the sequel into two parts like Twilight and Harry Potter.
Need more cool idols
52LolisRDead please fuck off and stay fucked off.
8Loli hater, please.I get it, you won, your girls were loved by the staff.
3I don't give a shit about Lolis.I give a shit that you're still here being a fucktard.
I wanna fuck boy Iori in da ass.
5How I loathe the hagswarm.
1I don't give a shit about Lolis.Color me surprised.Excuse me for not supporting anti lolicon adaptations.
7And you're welcome to fuck off from this anti-lolicon thread anytime.
1shit RussianimplyingAll Anya's been doing is saving smiles within the Project
Ganbatte, Anya-chan!
4Not really.
Are the other Idolm@ster anime better than Cinderella Girls? Cinderella Girls was pretty shitty, I'm liking LL so far so I haven't completely given up hope on being able to like Idol shows.
4Didn't the anime sell like 40k first volume? Why would it be declining.
1Headpats for the prettiest star
5I thought LL was pretty shit. I didn't like the characters.
5One word man: Xenoglossia.
4What's wrong with Kaede and KWSM?
0Looks like the board is still filled with contrarian dipshits.
6Doesn't mean that they are wrong.
5Love Live is pretty souless. Like every character doesn't have any life in them and are insidiously manufactured.
4Those were the days...before he decided to make a proper Idol show.
6Same with every girl from an idol show, they're nothing but gimmicks made to pander to every Otaku and Weeb on the planet.
6Is soulless the go to criticism when you can't think of anything valid to say?
9Same with every girl from an animeFTFY
4
5The original Idolm@ster is pretty good.It has team bonding, friendship and comfy. The drama's seriousness is also bigger scale.And also the performances are quite good.
0Damn, now thats what i call progress. Cant believe it has been over ten years of idolmaster
1Digits confirm that the original series has more character interaction and development
8They don't even need to, 70% of Non-NG character interaction in the CG anime happened offscreen so that NG gets all that drama time, and then everyone is split into units right away, more offscreen shit, which results in the last performance of the cour feel like a bunch of girls who were just put together as opposed to 765Pro's Jibun Rest@rt which actually felt like they're trying to rise to the top.The only good part of the CG anime was the new songs.
7Tbh their producer has no fucking clue what he is doing
3He's not AkaP, he knows what he's doing regarding the "producing" but it's his communications he's not good with, it's the A-1's presentation that's fucked up.
7Yeah, but the problem is that an anime watcher won't fucking go and look for what these off screen moments are.The as a stand alone, the anime is completely retarded.
7CG panders too much to the people who played the game. The first anime only used the characters of the game but the rest are original.Also, I don't know why people like Rin so much when she kinda only tag along.
2At least Rin got some screentime and character build to her.So did a few other girls, but half the cast was literally "who was this kid again" for an anime only watcher.Dekoration even got their episode stolen by Mika, and only Kirara ever got to have some emotional scenes later on.
6anime watcher won't fucking go and look for what these off screen moments are.They have nowhere to go, the NOMAKES barely scratch what's going on behind the scenes and usually just points out things that happened on the same episode it featured in, episode 12's NOMAKE was the best though.
5Dekoration's episode was good though, the only complaint regarding units is Love Laika's mini-live turning in nothing but NG then while Anya is shrugged off as a side character, Minami gets shrugged off completely until the final 2 episodes, which I'm grateful enough for.But I wanted more Love Laika.
6I was mad as fuck at that episode. Whose idea is it to make the episode entirely different from the preview?
6Dekoration's episode was good thoughIf you're a Mika fan, sure.If you wanted sexy Rika though, you got hit with the harsh reality that animation staff is moralfag.
5If you're a Mika fan, sure.Yeah but Mika's shit came second to Dekoration's, it was fun as fuck even if there was no lewd.Azusa's lost antic put into CG with lolis was awesome.
5Miria was cute and it was nice to see Mika have a responsible sideI didn't need anything else in the episode
9Once again, it was probably enjoyable if you didn't care much about the lolis. If you did though, you were too bitter to actually enjoy anything.
0Shitlords at A-1.
Just how many smiles has Anya saved?
4Maybe, but IMO it's because the series is old.It should have stopped with Haruka's group. Prolonged milking of a series has it's disadvantages.Anyway I doubt Scamco doesn't have a back up plan to raise support for this.
7Originals on declineThat's a damn shame. I like some of the CG but for the most part I like the original 13 way more.
3Worried and supported NG before their concert and gave them words of encouragement afterwardsClears Minami's anxiety before the liveCheers up Ranko"Heals" Uzuki's heatstrokeClears Minami's pressure as leader againAnya a miracle
1If you did though, you were too bitterWhy would you be bitter about the episode other than "they didn't sexualize teh loli" in which case please adopt a trip so I can filter youIt was a good episode regardless of whether or not you watched it for Miria and Rika simply because their hijinks were entertaining enough and they actually managed to give Kirari some bit of chemistry with the twoIf you sat there shaking your fist at the screen every time Mika came on that's your own choice, but you missed out on a decent bit of characterization for her and even TakeP as well
3Producer still calls her Anastasia-sanThey had better work on this.
4No. I was shaking my fist because neither Miria nor Rika got to say anything aside from some random gibberish, and also because they drew their navels as if they were disgusted by the mere thought they are lolis.If I got a slightly detailed navel, at least half of what Mika/Miku/Riina got, my whole opinion would differ.This was painful to watch, even covering them up would have been better than drawing like this as if saying "see, nothing to see there."
2Hey bud, looks like you seem to have something to say in this thread that you're really fired up about!If you're new to 4chan and posting in general, no worries!What would really aid in getting your message heard is the usage of either a name or a tripcode!Tripcodes are a nifty little tool that allows you to post under a unique name, so that when anyone sees your posts in a thread, they know that you have something unique to say!See that "Name" bar atop the reply window? Next time you feel like posting, just type a name in there, perhaps "LoliDefener", or "IAmAngryAboutUnderagedNavels", then a "#" then your very own unique tripcode remember not to share this with anyone! This is like a password to post. Not after long, you'll notice that aligning what you have to say with a singular identity gets your voice heard here on 4chan!So go ahead and give it a try, and as always, have a great time on 4chan, and happy posting!
3this whole witty postPretty much what I expect from someone who can be arrogantly descending since he gets his favorite girls glorified instead of butchered.
9Just fuck off LRD, your delusions are embarrassing to read.
0delusionsYeah, sure. It's delusion that this 2 happened in the same series Mika is getting sexualized to hell, or they can do this.
9They're supposed to be cute, not sexy. Stop forcing your sick values on pure, innocent girls.
tfw huge goth lolita fetishtfw it's kinda hard to findget all excited about Ranko after seeing pictures and hearing her solo songwatch showshe has a stupid little girl voice and weird personalityI end up liking her clothes more than herIf they just made her sound older and she calmed down a bit she'd be grade-A waifu material. Fuck, man. So close.
7Ranko's episode was awfulAs with most, the only redeeming factor was P
2Lolis are like pets, sexualizing them is ewwww, soccermoms rejoice!And this is the exact problem with this treatment.
7she should sound olderWhere do these fruits even come from?
8Fucking heartbreaking.1Hey, it's for me personally. I am a huge faggot for the goth lolita style and the atmosphere it generates, but all the characters that practice it are little girls with pigtails. Drives me up the fucking wall.I want a spooky castlevania doll waifu. I want it so bad I've been trying to learn to draw so I can make one.
4Love Live Xenoglossia neverWhat better studio to do a griddy mecha idol spinoff show than Sunrise?
8If only Rika or Miria got that kind of "awful" episode, they might actually have said something or we could have seen them as characters.
4mfw I know Im@s through Xenoglossia
4
7Well you have shit taste in fashion AND Ranko is also a shitty character.
7CG VA is a goth lolita model & pretty much wears it in most of her picturesDoesn't voice the Gothic lolita idol
I question the purpose of life when I realise I will never whiff the essence of an Odeko Sunshine.
0Ranko's outfits in the show and cards were all god-tier, too. Grinds my gears like you wouldn't fucking believe.
7I thought I was going to hate Ranko when I first saw her. She's too wonderful, you're a faggot.
1I wonder who designed the clothes for the anime, they're all pretty nice.
1I'm just saying she was frustratingly close to my idea of perfect but spoiled it. She's still a great character, but it bothers me when I think of what could have been. Doesn't make her any less sweet or adorable.I will continue my search for my ideal goth waifu. Have some more ranko.
0LLSIF has a gothic lolita idolWith no voiceOr relevance
7She's sach a cutie.
5She looks pretty fucking boring.
3You know, sometimes I wish im@s was made by sunrise instead. At least LL had consistent animation most of the time.
5You're killing me here.tfw I made a Ranko folder before I watched the showtons of the art makes her look olderI brought this on myself
5Looks like a half-baked gothic loli. Like if some normie bought 2 things.
3It's not fair to judge clothes while Anastasia is wearing them. You know this.
6That's true..
5FUCKINGFLAWLESS
5That outline of her hips on her dress.Anya is more sexual than people think.
5Am I supposed to find this Russian hooker attractive?
2I know I do
2I don't normally, but she is quite stunning in that summer dress.
6Rin is the only IM@S:CG girl I can stand.
23Did you know that the short version of her name is NASTY?
1Nastya, yes.
6Nodeko a shit, got to have the deko
2Scamco go away.
2Bangs Iori a beautiful.
3All dat perfection
5One day, one day.8If you didn't notice 4 was animated by Sunrise. It was arguably the first Im@s anime. Hilariously, Jukki Hanada 8 wrote the series composition for the series and the scripts for 14 episodes before he went on to write series composition for the LL Anime.
8533bumping thread for the beauty of princess Anya
7Make popularity poll Kasane is the winnerAnnounce Sunshine a few weeks laterWHO IS THAT MYSTERIOUS GIRL? IT'S TOTALLY KASANE RIGHT?NOPE FUCK YOU, HAVE SOME SLUTS YOU DON'T KNOW.SHE EVEN HAD THE GODDAMN BRAID AND AHOGE.I hate Muse but I love the SIF girls. This bullshit made me swore off LL for good
4GREATEST LOVE STORY EVER TOLD
, 
, 
Is he the edgiest character of all time?
pretty shitty characternever lived up to the hype
2
2She's from the same damn game, son.
9Why she bite fish
2No, he's a psychopath who has no empathy and a hard on for emotional suffering. There are plenty other characters even in the same series who are much edgier.
2
5cuz she ungry m8.
For me it's Kaiki, intelligent, nihilistic and a wicked sense of humour.
2define edgy
More potentially than actually.
2edgyhe's lived a hard life anon
3Now then, why is Caren smiling, and why is Kirei smilingIs it because they're about to murder someone?
1best fight in all of F/SNdied protecting an eldritch abominationnot up to the hype.By what standards?
2helplessly got killed by his own servantedgyPick one
5YouSecondaryPick two
1He was pretty top in Fate Zero.
2He just wanted to be happy.How is happiness edgy anon?
15This is why UBW was a shit choice
9They're doing HF, this is just temporary.
4I honestly doubt a movie format even if multiple movies is going to turn out good.Anyhow it will take years and years.
i are le bone of le sword *le edgefaec*not even the edgiest in his own show
6 BILLION PEOPLE
2edgyStep it up, lad
2No because he's self aware of how fucked up he is yet rational about it and doesn't really take anything that seriously.
9In what way are swords edgy?
5They cut people with their edge
9thinking archer is edgyHow to spot an underage 101
2
I've never seen Fate but those weapons look retarded
5It's actually a good watch, I'd heartily recommend it
2He is a empty person.
5It was actually a throwing sword
2Nigga pls 2
What I sought, but could not obtain. What I obtained, but could not obtain.Also, edgy has become such a broad term. If you mean he has a dark past and emotional suffering, sure. All of it has a point and themes though, unlike a lot of other cheap villains who rape, murder, and do other shit just to make viewers hate the character.
Nah Kaneki from Tokyo Ghoul manga is much worse .
5Standard Catholic Church equipment.
7Kill la Kill is garbage.
5Also, edgy has become such a broad term. If you mean he has a dark past and emotional suffering, sure.Can't we go back to just using it to refer to dumb teens that fantasise about that subject matter?
275% of the cast in M3 Sono Kuroki Hagane is edgier than him.
0Only the fights and Kotomine-chan are any good. I will kill myself if I had to sit through a seres of HF for just the last days.
5that was pretty well done
Watch more anime.
2edgiestBut that's this guy.
2Not as edgy as Ramiel
2KotomineEdgyNext you're going to say that Rin is entirely heterosexual.
2Sure and that he and that other church bitch are ripoffs of my favorite Vatican dog of a different series.
1kek
2Not edgy, but heartless.
1Oh you.
3Caren is not dead though
2"I want to know if it is a crime to live as you are, when you are different than others."What do you even think "edgy" means?
2Not even close, watch more anime.
5Swords are literally as edgy as can be.
8Picking the edgiest quote possible.
8top edge
2I object
tfw Kotomine dies in every routetfw Kotomine had a hard life
What did Gil think when he heard Kotomine died
, 
internet comes back after 5 days out due to "maintenance"sees no Sadpanda ThreadLet's get this thing going.chance of a third one with pegging?
3
5Can't help because I don't like NTR.
class="quote"Fly NTRJust when I thought I'd seen it all.
8It's not NTR tho, the same guy both girls love went to the beach and stalked them, then followed one when she was alone, "raped" her, and then left, then the other girl had left their dates to find the other girl and found the guy
7Means it downloaded using the "Click here if the image fails loading" link, probably due to a H@H request timing out.
1,5 mil GPJust started hoarding but i have no way of managing 300+ doujins/mangas.How do you guys do it?
9GP?
3Gallery points. Used to download the archives via DDL.wonder what gallery this was.
9How do I get them? wonder what this wasI'm not sure I wanna know.
9Lewd Angels

9
Is there a tag for when the woman breast feeds the shota as she masturbates him?

2Try nursing handjob on boorus. I think that was it.
4Asagi RyuuThe king! He has returned!
5Meant more for panda. Thanks anyway.
4What's all this faggotry all of a sudden?
4class="quote"leglockimpregnation Whelp, I'm good for the month.
7one gallerygood for the monthWat

5I fap to each page once. That's 28 faps.

6
like this?
3Hory sheit
good recent tanks.
this artist is so fucking dope
Is there a Bestiality pastebin?
What is the most amount of tags that are related to your fetishes and still gives a decent amount of results?
0milf rape anal ntr
Im here to rise a voice of protest because none wants to translate welcome to lolita heaven 2.Someone, please.
0Loli Futa Anal Rape
3would you do this to me
3Well, guess I'll cry myself to sleep.
4dat file name
7It doesn't make much sense. Seems to me like someone just bundled together both the headline and the lead of a news article, but here it goes:Child and Exams: When I was little, I would get confused with what they were trying to teach me. Nowadays, I look back and realize how important it was to learn that.Like I said. Weird.
4I just translated it in google and got the same thing.
Does anyone remember the name of the Alice / mizuryuu kei work in which the MC has a dumb but hot neighbor who let's him have sex with her?
8Are you seriously that lazy?
7I looked it up on sadpanda and nhentai, just the artists name, and couldn't find it
5Check the 3rd and 5th result.
5Lazy and a liar.
4It actually turned out that it's "mizuryu kei" on the tags, not "mizuryuu kei", so the results were MUCH fewer
7internet comes back after 5 days out due to "maintenance"gay shitfuck off retard /a/ is not made for your shit taste
7lazy and a liarSee 3Remember that more often than not you're just misunderstanding something or you don't have the full picture.
7Lazy, liar, and pompous about it. What the hell is wrong with you?hint: "mizuryu kei" and "mizuryuu kei" return the exact same results.
anyone know any good lowleg bikini or panties ones like this seriesit sucks I can't filter by lowleg so I'd appreciate the help
7class="quote"Translation fucking neverMaybe soon.
it while you can.
Was there a purge recently? I swear I'm missing some shit from my favourites.
2he doesn't downloadWhat are you? Retarded?
2Yeah I brought it on myself. Was there a load of shit deleted recently though?
5Yes, purge is happening right now. Stuff that was just taken down.more to come.
Just finished this.with several artist who do mostly big/huge breast stuff.Lolicon and small breast fags have their own list and charts so why not one for this.
2names of those?
9breastnot asswasted your time
5Get exlinks
1heh

51I feel like I have read this one before but the name and artist escape me.
Muh dick
7Typical trashy brown MC knocking girls up without careGirl/Mother actually manages to make him care about the child and making him want to take responsibilityWell that's a first for me
75 days without internetHow did you survive, Anon? How did you live with no new porn to look at?
To what level am I supposed to advance in this browser RPG game before I get access to all the shit they intentionally withhold from you?
20
Holy shit what
mysterymeat3not trap
I find it interesting to fap to something weird. Post the weirdest stuff you have fapped to.
3If you want to go even deeper down the "you're just misunderstanding things" hole, it turns out I was searching nglish instead of english. Truly, reality is nuanced.
8Post the weirdest stuff you have fapped toread it once. Never again.
4manga and doujinshi deselected outYou're a funny little shithead.
This artist has good anatomy. Actually looks like a realistic woman

2Wani mag scans are my favorite time of the month. Three of them today, too.
0Wow, the rabbit hole goes even deeper. The number of fuck ups is pretty colossal. I had it set to "CG" so I could look up "alice" and find the CG set she did so I could look up Mizuryu Kei but then I forgot to cut it off.I hope you're just as fascinated by just how many factors led to this misunderstanding as I am.
god that everything.Come on refractory period, end faster, I need to fap a bit more to this.
1that dick growth
It's Time
7Anon, how high are you? Go to sleep.
2waiting till right after a purge to put wani upThat sneakychink.
1
2How do you even search for galleries like this? They're not on the frontpage. And normal search doesn't show these

4You're looking at the wrong front page.
5
6What front page am I supposed to looking for? I see the gallery under manga and it's not there. I mean my frontpage is for all categories.
8Ex is 1 hour behind the main site.
5Oh, so it's on g.e? I see them now.Do you know if nhentai rip from g.e or ex?
3I would assume g.e since they probably get banned often from whatever downloader they use. Not practical to continue making new accounts to get into ex.
What fate awaits the NotHonoka, the adventurer?
0358Can you people really not access every visible gallery on g.e by now?
3From what I understand, you have to donate to get it. So no, hell no.
0Yeah, I thought so too. Also, if ex is one hour behind there's a chance for the galleries to be deleted before it even appeared on ex and nhentai won't be able to rip them.3I can see them just fine on g.e. I was checking on ex since I don't even go on g.e.
4I mean why bother going on ex at all? The index is 1 hour slower. Literally no point.3you don't have to donate.
6g.e still doesn't have lolicon and other shit
6Care to enlighten me then?1That's what he's talking about.
1You sure about that?
0Eh I don't know. Haven't really been following the threads for some time now. As long as I can access them on ex I'm fine. And also I hate the background color on g.e. I can probably change them but I'm already used to ex.
3Actually looks like a realistic womanAnd that's why he is a bad artist.
this jewbag seriously asking people to pay for a copy ogf the uncensored version?
nyaruko sang
2Yes.
9How long until a bro uploads it?
enjoyed it.

Why is everything on the hentaiverse equipment shop around lvl 400?I need a full heavy set and I can't buy greaves because I'm only 40.
We need more time stops.href="#p126394130" class="quotelink"0why are you even playing that?
040Don't bother. The new update killed all new players or under 250.
83000 favouritestop comment has 5,000 scoreFlippin' incredible. 5,000 is the highest I've seen.
4What the fuck? That's so high though.8I play every now and again for galleries without torrents and level up so that I don't have to play as long to get a decent amount of credits.
anyone got something vanilla like?
4Time-stop man is truly a hero of justice.
1
Where's the first volume of Comic KOH?Volumes 4, 3 and 2 are there, just no volume 1?
7
487Just checked, Alansmithee hasn't made anything since 2012. What a pity, Stopman could use some sequels.
2I really have no idea how I couldn't.find that?
2Maybe it's time to see the eye doctor.
2
2I somehow managed with my cellphone 4G internet.
what's the sadpanda 4chan extension you guys use these days
7Here in 4chan, Exlinks. Outside, didn't even knew there was any.
8oh, there's a thingy that makes chrome extensions way more convenient nowi stopped using exlinks when i kept having to force developer modeno need now thanks hupo
2What thingy is this?
5tampermonkey
7Oh, that. Yeah. Exlinks is on my Tampermonkey too. Chrome finally received its version of greasemonky.
What are your shittily drawn and unchanging comics that you still whack off to because you had a mental line added to your brain when you were a youth?Mine is Crimson Comics.

You have great taste, drozetta.
8All those no bubble text. Nigga gotta be dedicated for that.
2How are you supposed to keep up with these, I already have enough trouble trying to keep up with random eromanga and these have the added problem of needing to get them quickly before a purge happens.Damn, collecting and fapping to porn is a difficult hobby.
Is there ANY doujin with a loli mom? Like, she's 30 or 40 or whatever but looks like a loli.
2I'd rather have the original material, white bars are easy to ignore anyway.I feel for people who can't stand any kind of censors though. And I have no idea how they're still reading this kind of porn if they're like that
7Taihei TengokuQdou KeiOh boy. Makes me wanna work on one of them, but there are other tanks dated around 2009-2014 that needs some attention.
9Taihei Tengoku has such fun stories.
92009*cough* Karma Tatsurou Tsuya Mama *cough*
2
finished these one. Loved it.
2Give me an estimate on how quick someone will pick up that Taihei Tengoku work? Because I'm kinda certain that DJM is going to pick that shit quick.I'm kinda looking towards Qdou Kei's work right now. Here are the other tanks I have on my list:me an interesting list of tanks from that year range. Because I can't just work on boatsluts forever.5It's like you want me to disappear forever. Noted.
5Taihei doesn't seem to be translated often. Just whenever someone is willing to pay. But you never know with these things.
1kek
5Here's some stuff that doesn't get much attention.other tanks by these artists that aren't translated as well.
Here's another tank with it's chapters translated but not yet edited into the tank scans[Yuzuki N' LV.X+] Ane Kyun! ~My Sweet Sweet Elder Sister~
6netorareSure, I'll check it out again. I'd prefer it if the work has a lot of anal on it.
0I don't know of any that specifically focus on anal since I don't really keep track of the fetishes in tanks. Having that said here's something with a metric fuckton of fetishes.it's one of the most popular galleries so chances of translation at some point might be higher.
0href="#p126399953" class="quotelink"3There's a bounty for that.
3I could work on it, since I already put work on one of the chapters some years back, and others are already translated.But given that there are 5 out there that wants the e-cash which I don't give a dick about, given my current wealth, I'd have to pass.3Bai AsukapregnancyanalConsidered.After this boatslut I'm working on, I'll get on with a tank, or work on a series of gay doujin that some group left behind.
5SHITFINALLY
5MUDA DA
anyone know of any good vanilla/harem doujins with gaijins in them? Like a series with a cute black girl or white girl.
/a/, I'm scared. I fapped to a futa on male doujin and am worried that I'm gay. Is futa on male gay or is it just an advanced version of pegging?
0It's the ultimate pegging.Now, stop being a faggot and link me to it.
I thought I'd ask here, does anyone know what's up with sankakucomplex?
2
have to slay the hardmode panda because I forgot the stupid name I made up from back when it was easy
What the fuck is this? First time seeing it.
7how has no one made a site to depose these stupid bronies yet
7You have an image limit of 5000 +3 every minute, capped at 5000Realistically, the only way to hit the limit is to use a downloader. So you should probably stop that.
2For the same reason why you don't.
3maybe he just has a vast hunger
3Damn, I used that eze add on that I picked up in yesterday's thread. I guess I'll get rid of it then.
3Assuming you were like speed-reading at one page per 5 seconds, it would still take ~9 hours and 15 minutes to hit the cap. And that's without a single break.There's just no way you can hit it by reading normally.
4it would be a low point
4I tried to download these 2 2But the 2nd one failed so I reloaded and tried again, after 49% it gave me the notation. That's only about 1k pages, not even close to 5k.
if I install their stupid botnet will it trick it into letting me in faster
Is Exlinks broken for anyone else on Firefox?It has been broken for at least two versions now.
2Nope, latest version of firefox here using grease monkey and exlinks 2.3.3.
2No
3/a/ - Anime & Manga
31Weird...I have normal Firefox last version, and yet the gallery names are not 'transformed'.It just puts a [Ex] before every link, without giving me the mouseover info or changing the name.
Who are the best male on futa artists? I'd say Kurenai Yuujii and Red-Rum, but they're probably too mainstream.
5Have you disabled mixed content blocking in firefox, you need to go to about:config search for mixedcontentblocking and set:security.mixed_content.block_active_contentto false otherwise firefox blocks non stuff on a page.
5I did that, but it didn't change anything
Tell me something, anons.What are the most cunning rape doujins you've ever read?I think you know what I mean. After all, respect for women is very important in rape doujins, and a woman and a plot interesting enough to rape is very important,
3Anything by Oyster
6Bit too hard for me.
What are the best galleries/artists for tongue/kissing fetish?Bonus points if mixed with impregnation, ahegao or NTR.
6Like this one?href="#p126411539" class="quotelink"9Fue does tongues.
Is it just me or is sadpanda has way less stuff now?
9"Now" compared to over a year ago?
2There was still Kairakuten and X-eros left?I thought it was all long gone. Or were this new galleries?
0Or were this new galleries?Look at the dates and used your noggin
Does anyone know where all the raws are of this series?shit is so cool, i don't even want it purely for fapping purposes. He turns creepypasta into doujins, like Junji Ito of fapping.Theres only 2 on sadpanda.
tfw no tag for beachesI just want to read some comfy beach rape every now and then, especially during summer
4In Japan
1there are no tags for many other things
6Like vanilla?
1There is one. On Fakku.
2The reverse image search doesn't work for .jpgs for me on chromium.
9That's because they've deactivated it, since 4chan resamples .jpg images and makes exsearch impossible for them.
09no, 4chan strips exif data from jpgs, changing its hash. It doesn't resample.
4Methamphetamine.
3Added to eternal favorites, thank you.
Test.
5
Here's a manga.
Anyone wanna help me translate some Wani? I can guarantee release within 2-3 days.I wanna do that Napata story from May Kairakuten right now.
4Help you how?
8By translating the story obviously.
post cute gay traps
6Nothing gay about a trap.
6I think he meant the traps are gay, i.e., their sexual orientation.
4Thank you!
8Why would you waste your time when fakku said they were going to release it uncensored?
5Because I don't want to pay a dime to Fakku?
6I didnt say pay for it, I was saying you're an idiot to waste your time making an inferior version
5fakku
5Wait fakku is releasing napata uncensored!? when did this happen
4What can you do?
0I would, if not for the fact that lolishit is fucking disgusting.
5Yes and they just put up that unscanned loli succubus anal chapter
6/out/
5I can edit and pretty much clean anything you throw at me.
5They are going to release less than a couple of % of what they made exhentai remove. You have to be literally retarded to trust Jewcob.
I need something good with anal.
Girl has bangsOne position has her bangs fall over her head, exposing her foreheadThere is no greater joy.
I'm on the vibe for some sweet, loving pegging. Anybody got anything for me?
2just say you have a 5head fetish
8those comments
9I actually really like bangs, in fact with characters like Ritsu or Rider I would have preferred if they had bangs instead. I just find it special to see a sudden change in hairstyle, I guess.
5Who cares? Exhentai would have had to remove everything regardless of fakku, now we at least get uncensored awesomeness
I need saggy milf tittieslike not disgusting, but you know, I want them to have a more mature, out of shape body type
5thats what nhentai is for. the sooner the ponyfag is replace the better
8nhentainot even once
2mfw 77$ to ship it to my country;_;
suddenly see the sadpanda againOh shit I don't even use the plugin. I signed into the other super secret sight and logged in but still see the panda/blog
2Clear cookies, log into g-e, then add the x to the address.Should be retard proof.
6Weird. Never had to change the address rather than just signing inafter clearing cookies and going to exhentai.
Anyone got any vaginal vore?
Can anyone help me remember this doujin?loliloli is a mangaka ?beginning is in a restaurant the male is a young adult and has messy hair and maybe some crude facial hairthey go back to his apartment
5Its probably an unnecessary step, its just what I've always done.
6Never mind, found it.
5FAKKU is not the same thing as Wani, and the latter is the one sending the mass takedowns, and they would have happened regardless of the FAKKU publishing deal since they started doing it before anyone was even thinking about a publishing deal, and in fact the publishing deal came about because FAKKU also received the same takedowns from Wani as everyone else.
8here we go again
8Is it safe to assume that fakku will be publishing kairakuten and x-eros? Given all these unscanned chapters they've been putting on the site for free
8DaizFuck off, Fakku shill. This is would not have happened if it wasn't for Jewcob and the deal he made.
0You're an idiot. Wani is the one that forced eh/ex/fakku to remove everything
sadpanda is just the batoto of hentai. it's even worse because it locks content in a walled garden and forces you to jump through hoops to view content. there is no reason any of you should accept that when there are countless alternatives that aren't such shit
9Yeah, FAKKU will start publishing both Kairakuten and X-EROS digitally in the near future.0I just posted an image that shows FAKKU got takedowns from Wani along with many other sites to get rid of their content. It's the thing that made Jacob get in touch with Wani and which eventually lead to the publishing deal. Which should make it obvious that Wani decided to start sending takedowns before anyone was thinking about any kind of publishing deal.
7countless alternativesSuch as...?
9Fakku of course.
1spending money on hentaiNope.
Well the thread is ruined. Time to go home.
get new PCforget exhentai username and passwordnever wrote it down anywhereThis suffering is unbearable.
2Join us.
5Not if we makes this a Fakku thread instead.
5just wait another 20 posts for everyone to get it out of their system and start posting again on topic again
9Hahahahahhahahah. That's why when registering in things when my info isn't sensitive, I just use the same login and pass.2Well, to be perfectly honest, a few months ago, I did buy a tanko here in one of the newsstand near my work by accident. Thought it was an ecchi.
8Looks like the brainwashing is effective, from some of the replies.
7walled gardenhoopsSomeone's tech illiterate. It takes all of 15 seconds at most to get into panda. Unless, of course, you're retarded.
3slut whiteknightsDisgusting.
3I think he was mentioning the secret, secret club inside panda.
3It takes at least a week once you create an account on eh, so yeah that is a hoop you need to jump through. it really is stupid
3He was talking about the secret secret club that most of you plebs don't have access to because you didn't donate enough shekels to the ponyfagHere's an example: 
3If that's the kind of thing there is there, then I don't mind. Not into creatures.
3True-removed.
3That doesn't exist.
3To you.
8One, you don't have to be a week old. I've tested it. Two, why the fuck are you now just creating an account? Fucking newfags.
32Not even mods or catgirls can see it. So no, there is no secret secret club.
Speaking of purged content, is there a dedicated uploader for it on nyaa I can keep bookmarked?

6Turns out I did the same thing and used my generic password for it aswell.Problem now is that it claims my account doesn't exist, eventhough logging in on e-hentai works perfectly fine.
2If you installed the plugin recently, restart your browser. It solved for me.
1Tried a few different things involving IP changing and apparently it refused to let me in with my german IP but a rumanian one worked.I swear, this site does the weirdest shit sometimes.
4Yeah, heard it blocked some conutries out. For some reason. Good thing they are leaving the jungles in peace.
male:strap-onit isn't males wearing strap-onswhy is this allowed?
0Why would a male wear a strap-on, though?
3non-gay double penetration
2I'm not sure I understand.
3for the vine
1The male penetrates one hole with his dick and the other hole with the strap-on.
1whats so hard to understand about 2 dicks21
I cant find the one doujin I want ugggggghhhhhhFrom what I remember this dude dresses up as a chick and his his friend fucks him thinking that it's actually a girl, I think it takes place in a school in the computer room and various other places.
Oi. What with these atheist loli on /b/?
/r/ing helpthere was one with a loli scientist in school and her helper dude fucks her and the class presidint that she is jealous of. I think she was trying to make meds to give herself abetter body or something?
89These threads are always full of newfags./r/
8trade you this for my loli
7
A walrus just because.is this the new Kurita Yuugo?
class="quote"Fue doing guest illustration in Taihei Tengoku's new tankobonAYY NIGGA SHEEEEEIT
Meme50 is now focusing on scat and vomitAsanagi/Fatalpulse is now shifting to trapThat's 2 of my favorite artists down.Fuck, who's next?
What fucking tags should I use to find Christmas Cake? I can't figure it out. Is there a pastebin of Christmas Cake by chance?
4Meme50 is now focusing on scat and vomit.nowHe's been doing it since he started, and it's mostly exclusive only on his doujinshi. He also did that Dragon's Crown doujin with a trap elf.
scientist making some machine shitmachine isnt a tagmother fuck
5Oh god. Does he have anything with that girl?
1Oh, okay.But fuck, man, Fatalpulse is shifting to trap faggotry, what the fuck?
6Your loss, faggot.
0
8Milf is really far from a Christmas cake anon.
2milf -mother
2Can always search for milf defloration for your virgin Christmas cakes
6It sells.
3But how can I ever see his usual ryona ero doujin now?
wake upcheck what's newmfw x-eros 31 scansYESTODAY STARTED BETTER THAN EXPECTED
2I'm not seeing em
4Will he EVER do his usual shit again?
8It's seems like you're the one that's retarded.
92Apparently reading comprehension is hard.Type: Attribute / VisualDescription: Any older woman who appears to be within the age range of 30-50. Does not need to be a mother.

7peggingOP is a raging closeted faggot.

4i don't get it
4uploader:thom90My god.

4You don't need to get the doodle.
8Sorry this one took me a while. Been editing other things in between playing witcher3.
8Any older woman who appears to be within the age range of 30-50. Does not need to be a mother.That's not a milf.
4MILF tagDoes not need to be a mother.Totally missing the point.
0The point is that milf tag shouldn't be used for anything other than mothers.
7I'm talking about the description, not about your comment.
9It's seems so perfectly obvious now that you have pointed it out that I have no idea how I could have misunderstood what you were saying.
0Does not need to be a mother.Who the fuck wrote these tags. God this site is such shit
Serious question, why does /a/ hate nhentai? I see nothing wrong with it.
4It's okay, it just happens.1I like that place since that's one of the places where I get my raws and share my works. But at the same time, I am disappointed that there are bumbling idiots rolling around.
8Honeypot
8It's just a rip of the resized images from ex. It has wani, but it also disallows certain content. There are better sites that rip nonresized images.
8honeypotFor what reason.
8Because it rips the gallery images, it's inferior to ex for everything that isn't Wani. And because there are places with much more complete Wani backups, it's also shit for that.There's actually zero reason to use it.
59What are the better sites then?
8I'm not going to advertise them any more than they already have been. The only bone I'll throw you is that one of them was talked about in a recent panda thread.
95stop being delusional and scare newbies nhentai is good for wani and there are no better alternatives for viewing them if you count out nyaa because it's downloading.stop spreading misinformation.
8There's that buzzword again.
exhentai.org/g/819814/57c97e5480/
5Cunnypot
2I don't really like discussing things that have been discussed about for many times. I'll bite.for viewing waniSure it's good for viewing, like Batoto or some online manga reading source. The key here is, "just viewing". But for downloading, it's lackluster, and there are better places to get them.In the first place, you shouldn't just view them, given their volatile nature. You should jam them in your hard drive and read it there.stop spreading misinformationscare newbiesThey're not scaring you.
6That's better.
2implying it's baitimplying secret clubs existimplying there's something else besides hidden galleriesactually hoarding pornsometimes people on the internet are really desperate
2panda.chaika.moe friendI really hope the alligator doesn't assrape it
2Make sure you're not using If you already aren't, try saving the settings of the native extension and exlinks to see if that kicks it back in gear.
I'm not liking how most of the new release are full censorship nowaday. Bring back the black bar please
5it's not boxing day yet, I can't afford a new external
7Kairakuten xtc went back to black bars this month. I think I heard core was doing the same.
5My only problem with this and others that keep a list of deleted content is they never update often. I don't even need download links. Just give me a list of shit that was purged recently so I can make sure I missed nothing.
4went back to black bars this month.Not back to, it was always full censorship. This issue was the first time it was black bars.
6Whatever the case, it's still a sign of improvement.
5Oh god those tits. No idea how I didn't know about that Taihei guy.
know if all of this is being translated? I know a few chapters already are. I want to edit it all into the tank scans. They have much less censorship.
Anyone know where this is from?It's the first somewhat interesting h-panel i've seen in two weeks, I need this.
That one doujin you just can't stop fapping toWhat's her name, /a/?
2
cookies die for some reason and i'm too lazy to fix the sadpanda can hardly remember my ge passwordstart faping a lot less
3Your work is fully appreciated.
2That one doujin where Ritsuko has Rei raped and subjects her to emotional torment by screwing Shinji in front of her.
2Fuetakishi must be on break or something. Hasn't released anything in months.I miss his stuff
7waiting for this translated.
5implying secret clubs existThey do, just outside the site.
, 
, 
so her quirk is not having nipples?
Yes.
0I thought she wore some sort of utra-skintight shirt or something
Isn't that a skintight suit?
11Then what is her quirk?
0Gas
03
0Her quirk is to be censored in eyes of underage.
9nerve gas
0Something skin-based
1That has no seams or ending point anywhere on her arms, yet she isn't wearing gloves?
7It was explained in her bio that its a skin tight suit. She was also seen tearing it to stop Deku and Bakugou during their fights in the tournament.
He thinks women have nipples
1I'm just pointing out it's a convenient excuse for a BDSM character to pass censors.
0quirk? a race that no longer reproduces does not need nipples
It explains both of your stupid questions in the manga. Her quirk is she releases gas from her skin that makes people fall asleep and she's wearing a skintight suit that she rips when she needs to use it.
, 
ITT : manga that you were reluctant to start reading but that you ended up loving the fuck out of... or the opposite.pic related I've been meaning to read it for years, but from the synopsis on batoto, I thought this would be some horrible love triangle situation with loli bait and pathetic mc, but it's actually really good. The characters are fleshed out and believable even though the setting is far fetched, the art is charming and the interactions are convincing. I'm very glad I finally picked it up.
I don't like asking but google gives me nothing.
3kill yourself
3Sakuranbo Syndrome
3...batotololi baitNormalshit OP detected.
16ITT: people who have nothing to do but come and shit up threads
5ITT: regular /a/nons.
3Ended up doing day trading because of this manga.Still learning about day trading and stuff.
daily reminder
What did you think of Euphoria?
i love being euphoric
OST was great
8love the vanilla scene
Lackluster sex scenes.
8Why does she looks so smug?
8Everyone immediately assumes animation.sasuga new /a/, fucking EOPs.
Was less brutal than I thought I'd be.The VN was more brutal, but still not that brutal.
What's not to like?
3This is the anime board retard, and the VN isn't translated.EOPFuck off./jp/
in this moment, i am euphorium
1Sick fuck.2knowing what EOP is crossboarder, please But for real. The fuck is EOP?
Why would anyone like scat, seriously? Shit's literally disgusting, and this is coming from someone who really likes anal.Decent nukige/hentai otherwise.
2The VN was more brutal.mind to elaborate ?
23Was it  brutal? 
8English only pleb, it's the favorite insult on /jp/. It mean you can't read japanese, even if you know 10 different languages but not japanese you're still an EOP.
7Fuck yeah
33There's live dissections among many, many other gorey scenes, and a ton of scat.
8
1Oh well…I mean, don't they watch a train station 24/7?What should one expect?
8Waiting for translation to come out. Apparently it was finished few weeks ago.
3I'm glad they cut out the scat, shame about the dissections I have a friend that would have enjoyed that.
8
SOON
12comparing the cozy train station watching anons, to EOP spouting elitist retardsThey have migrated into /DJT/ on /a/, leaking into other parts of the board. If anything is untranslated, you're bound to get a "I can read this but you can't, stay mad EOPs!" reply.It's frankly annoying and the sense of trivial superiority they get over it is downright pathetic.58mangagamerHopefully they aren't still complete shit, but they probably replaced the OST and other things with their own shit.
1EOPs deserve the hate they get though. You can't have a normal discussion about anything on /a/ with a translated source material without dumbass EOPs shitting up the thread. e.g. Yahari and Fate threads.
8Then don't participate.
2That isn't going to make the threads any less shit. I still want to discuss them.EOPs get too excited when they're actually able to eat the translated crumbs off of the floor for once, so they use every chance they get to scream SECONDARY from the rooftops and basically ruin any thread of adaptations of that work.
82Pseudo-primary =/= EOPAll your doing is making this never ending loop of trivial superiority go further.Primaries will always call people who have not read the source secondaries.Now your calling primaries EOP's because they didn't read the source in its original language, furthering the superiority loop.Yet I bets the nips laugh at you, because they read the source in their home language long ago, before you learned it.All this is doing is furthering the problem.What difference is there if the EOP primaries start segregating themselves from the secondaries? You're technically apart of the primary crowd if you read it in Japanese. Point and simply, you're getting angry others pretend to be primaries when they read a English translation, when you read it in Japanese?You're not better than them.EOP is becoming more and more convoluted because of this, it should be used for whiners who complain about untranslated source material.Now it's just a shitposting term to show a false sense of superiority, over learning a language.Eventually you will become worse than the so called "primary EOPs" you despite, spoiling untranslated source material, just how primaries spoil the translated source material to secondaries.You EOP spouting /jp/ anons are also starting to deserve the hate you get, shitting up any thread where anything is untranslated. By stroking your epeen over knowing a new language.In the end, remember most of /a/ is EOP. If you want to fit in to the threads you want to discuss stuff in, don't spout something derogatory to the majority. Stay in /jp/ or /DJT/ otherwise.
8The game was good but the anime was shit
1Primaries will always call people who have not read the source secondaries.No, because only EOPs do that.Whenever source material is untranslated, you literally never see it, even when you have people who have read the source material present in the thread. Look at any LN adaptations threads, there are people who have read it and / or post spoilers but don't secondary shitpost. EOPs on the other hand want to make sure everybody knows they were able to preserver and sit through the english translated version of Grisaia, completely ignoring the sequels because lol that shit's untranslated so it doesn't count. Never mind half of the shit they probably watch they've never read the source material for, they only get pissy about it when it's translated.
8Its my favorite!
8Yay. You can understand Nipp. Here's your acknowledgement. Now go eat a dick, because no one gives a shit if you're able to read/understand it or not.
1Oh I thought it was english only person the whole time.I guess it doesn't actually make a difference though.
8Stumbled across the show a while ago, before I knew a damn thing about it.At the time I thought it was the most fucked up thing ever. How far I've come in such a short time. Still, I like it for the sentimental value. May get around to playing the VN one day, but probably not at this point.
10/10 all scenes except scat were good
3In this moment, I am euphonium
Why didn't they include the dissection scenes in the OVA?
3I'm just telling the truth. If it's anyone with a false sense of superiority, it's the retarded EOPs more than it is people who can read japanese.
6Dissection comes from latin, meaning "cut into pieces". I'm pretty sure we got a beheading on the anime.
smug best girl only got one sceneits shit
6I was hoping for girls' stomachs being cut open and fucked with, all for the pleasure of the MC.
1Are you euphoric right now?
1I'm just telling the truthtelling the truththe truth*your truth. Hell, it's even more your twisted opinion rather than "the truth". But I laughed heartily. So thanks for brighten up the day of an "EOP".  I can't stop laughing. Fuck.
3I'm at a loss of how to respond to such a retarded post, honestly. I'm always impartial to replying to the template "lol haha I'm laughing guys seriously I didn't lose" response.I'm going to just pretend for a moment you didn't just post like a complete butthurt aspie and just tell you to read 8 again, this time telling me if you can actually deny what I'd said.
5I think you don't quite get me. It's not about "muh secondaries/ muh sources" it's about your pathetic attempt of raising your ego or bashing fags that can't speak nipp. As i already said. No one fucking cares if you speak Japanese or not. If you hate discussing stuff with "EOP's" go to futaba channel or stop bitching, because that doesn't make it any better. It's nice, that you understand everything in it's original form and that you're not in need for subs or translations but not everyone has the time or the will to learn Japanese. And i assume that you only say those stupid things to get attention because, as i already said often enough, no one gives a shit here. You got my attention. Now keep on moving and stop whining like an elitist bitch. For fucks sake.
8Sensei best girl!
I actually enjoyed the VN. I didnt like the initial nukige style segment but after getting through it I actually read Euphoria for the plot.And it was very enjoyable. And the OST was incredible.
The guillotine scene would've been the best. What it got in the anime was not even worth unzipping my dick for.
, 
, 
, 
, 
Seid ihr das essen? Nein, wir sind der Jäger!
When will Japan understand that adaptating juvenile literature into manga is a bad idea? I'm tired of seeing 15 year olds who tries to act like Camus.
When will you understand that it's trivial to find stuff that's for your age category and dismiss the stuff that isn't?Especially with a medium as diverse as manga.I'm tired of retards making retarded threads on /a/ after reading Naruto because they didn't realize that it's not the only manga in existence.Fuck off.
8Okay, any other answers from someone who is not a flaming autist like this faggot?
8medium as diverse as mangamangadiverseRead more manga you idiot.
9I don't really like what you're implying in this thread so I'm just gonna ignore you and go somewhere else It's not that hard you faggot
3We're on standby for recruiting a frozen autist, but for now you're stuck with just him.
3No, you read more manga.
8thisthere are a shitton horribad shojo manga that I'll never even touch and it doesn't bother me in the slightest
3It's at least a lot more diverse than anime or even TV drama.
3complain vociferously about something which affects nothingcall other people autists when they point this out
camus more like ANUS amirite
3trust me, I read Naruto, Bleach and One Piece. I know everything about manga
What numbers are on the road sign that DIO picks up?What date will this scene appear in the anime?
0based david ovafags btfo
Do you like this girl? She's a darling.
9She's a fucking cunt.
I want to be that girl.
Such a sweetheart.
True or False:Is it possible to have a monogatari thread without waifuwars or virgin meme?
6Not when it's not airing. The Tsukimonogatari threads were pretty nice.
9But kizunever aka repetitive threads till the end of time 
I like all the gataris
1Literally jav intro
She's my favourite. Too bad Ararararagi don't treat her right.
9She's easy to identify with for many anons, I'd wager. She thinks she has a good idea of what's going on with her peers and what they should do to improve the situation as evidenced by her rant, but she can't be arsed to actually do anything about it. Instead, she hides behind a fake persona and stays intentionally distant from others. When people get too close to knowing her 'true self' she freaks out for real, despite it not actually being that embarrassing or worth hiding. She can come up with all kinds of excuses for not changing herself or opening up to other people.
2That's way too close to home please don't do this to me anon, I just like relating to snake because she's a cute 2d otaku who has similar opinions on love, there's nothing else to it.
Only when she's angry.
0Okay, she's also very cute and has good taste in obscure 80s manga.blueStill good.
9Nadeko is a good girl.
Her face looks like a fucking foot. Ugliest girl.
9Yes. She's in the upper tier for me among Monogataris.
9And here we go.
2Happy colors suit that adorable face quite nicely.I fell so in love with her god mode, I'm so sad we never got to see her snake ponytail with the scrunchy again. Part of me wishes she could have just wrote manga and stayed at the shrine forever.
Worse than Stalin. At least he had a halfway admirable end to justify his means. Snake wanted to kill everyone to make it easier to pretend she ever had a shot at Araragi.
2It's too bad being a god and being a mangaka are mutually exclusive.
Would Nadeko make it as a mangaka?
9Best Hanakana
9Snake a shit!Literally a shit.So disgusting!
9you'll never be the first guy to ejaculate inside her while 99 anons are waiting in line to fuck her;_;
You know what never
1I really hope she makes it. I bet she'd be so happy to meet a big fan for the first time.
0Why is Tooyama Ema so lewd
, 
, 
, 
Choose your class.
/tg/still playing games with "classes"still forbidding your mage to learn lockpicking because that's a "thief-skill"
Sorceress
5not playing in a classless system
Merchant.
5Pirotess every day.
6little underdeveloped trumpet
Demon Hunter.
5Greatsword-spec Warrior.Or Paladin.Or Death Knight.Any class that lets me use a giant sword is okay with me.
5GM.
5I choose best elf.
5Elf fucker
D&D or Sworld World RPG?
I just finished reading it. Can we have a thread about it?What a fucking ending. I knew it was coming but it didn't lessen the impact at all.
One of the genuine classics./a/ simply cannot appreciate it.
2In the same way that /a/ can't appreciate anything that isn't airing anime 90% of the time.
3An ending so devastating an author had to make a clarification Joe really died.
5Joe didn't even get a real world funeral, unlike Rikiishi.
Couldn't really get into it because the first couple of chapters focused too much on Joe dicking around instead of boxing.Dropped it at Wacky Weasel Larry 13.
3Is the anime just as good? Im watching it with a friend and we can really only make fun of it for how shit it is so far.
/a/non, you should watch the anime too, it easily improves on the already superb manga.
3I knew it was coming but it didn't lessen the impact at all.That's why you still gotta work on the basics son.;_;
5Except that there are some conflicting statements by them, if you read Hox's full blown essay.
One of the actual GOAT manga. Top 5 easily.5I've heard this a lot and have been meaning to get around to watching it.
5Does it actually? That's usually so rare that I never even considered watching it.
I remember Joe;-;
6Wacky Weasel Larry 13Fucking who?
Supposing servants don't have knowledge of the modern world.Which servant would you take out on a date and what would you do to them?
8Falchion in a school uniformHNNNGGGG
8What would you do to themAre you sure you don't mean "What would you do with them?"?
There's already a thread m8I'd fug rider from FSN :^
3OP pic related
It's canon that servants get a working knowledge of the time period that they're summoned in.
8Ask caster to work in a maid cafe and earn profit
8I'd probably grab Iskander just because he'd be the one who would appreciate the modern age the most. I'd take him to a history museum and watch him gush, maybe also we'd hit up some nice bars, beer gardens, and wineries.Cu would be a runner up but I wouldn't get the excitement, EMIYA and Kojiro rank up there too.One I definitely wouldn't want to hang with is Gil. Guy would probably just scoff at everything we have and talk about how his Original Golden Chamber Pottm is sooo much better than the "filthy mongrel toilets" of today. Hanging out with Gil would be like hanging out with a hipster.
8I'd want to hang out with him just ask what happened in the missing parts of the Epic of Gilgamesh.
7love your editors. they are missing for a reason.8one place i would NOT go is the aquarium. i don't understand what about "full of shrieking children" screams "romantic date for two" to the japanese.
7You think he would just tell you, you loser?
7That seriously might be the only topic that would interest him in a conversation. Though you'd probably also have to deal with him telling you about all the parts the known tablets have wrong.
5That would also be interesting.
4You're asking Gilgamesh to recount his own greatness, the dude would have probably stopped his fight with Saber and Shirou to talk about it if they had asked.The guy's ego is, literally, his hugest weakspot.9The account might still be unreliable though from himI never invoked right of the first night! Bitches just threw themselves at me because I'm fucking Gilgamesh: King of NTR!
57If I read the Epic of Gilgamesh, will I be disappointed?
0It was written thousands of years ago so yes
0Maybe, depends how much you like mythology and stuff. Start with this before reading the actual thing.
8Is fate stay night worth watching?read that zero was a prequel, figured I'd start therewatch itget through the first few episodes of FSN and I was bored to tears. It doesn't look good, the voice acting is terrible, and feels like it was made for 12 year olds.
8I would get drunk as fuck with Caster and then spend the rest of the day cuddling together under the blanket
9That better not be the DEEN one
8How far Fuyuki city from Mitakihara?I think Kyouko will looks good on Sakura's uniform
Lancer keeps giving Kyoko fish he's caught for dinner
LancerFishing in the mountains.
8Take Medusa to watch a movie with a blind pick.
8Look who's actually bought that swimsuit. A fucking tourist
8Gil. Then have him buy me things
8Supposing Servants are given instantaneous magical knowledge of the modern world would they not suffer instant culture shock?Saber"Oh fuck, why are there so many Asians, Africans and so on in Britannia now and what language is everyone speaking now? What is this English? Wait? We conquered Ireland once?"Rider Alexander"What have they done to my Empire? Why is Greece so unimportant now?"Rider Gilgamesh"Shiite? Islamic Republic? What the fuck is this mongrels?"
5Enkidu is a boy!
7What? Boys can't wear cute dresses?
turning Enkidu into a girlwhen Gilgamesh's first interaction with him was getting naked, oiled up and wrestling in the town squareTOO LEWD, KING OF HEROESeverybody was amazed because she kept up instead of mindbreaking, like mai waifu did when he claimed her the night before the wedding...
5Enkidu worried about GIL sleeping foreverNice.3You know, when you put it like that, I can see Gil and Iskander's first move would be summoning a mount, turning to you and saying "get in, faggot, we're taking back our kingdoms!" Saber would just blame herself.Dude, it's kind of awesome imagining Gilgamesh subduing the entire Middle East as a one-man-army. Can you imagine Gil versus ISIS?Sunni? Shiite? Yazidi? Fuck all that shit! You are all Babylonians now and thus mine!
8CasterNot RiderI'll be richer than you
8pic relatedWould she still eat burgers cutely as Berserker?
5It's a maid cafe, not a brothel.
8I'd make caster play fate/stay night!
Shakespeare or tamano.But if we could pick ANY historical figure, i'll go with Julie d'Aubigny just to have a talk with such an interesting character.
5Is there more of this?
3Yes.
8It is pretty stalker heavy.
5she would do that with you soberFluff tail a best
5Smart... what would you ask him to buy anons?
7Doesn't matter.pic related
7Enkidu can be anything
7Is Enkidu a shapeshifter with no set form and gender?
8Is that Madoka school uniform
5Same illustrator of D-frag?
5In the Nasuverse he is a monster of clay sended by the gods of Gil's era. He can transform in whatever he wants.
8As long as I can hold Rider's hand, I would go anywhere.
Rent a boat, buy a bunch of beer and then spend the afternoon fishing with Cu. Assuming he hadn't been speared through the chest by a swordfish-out-of-fucking-nowhere, we'd sail back in around twilight and then hit up a few bars.
9Yeah. I know about the clay part, but I thought he has a more...set form.
8I'd take her to the zooshow her them baby lionsbring some coinslet her ride that toy lion until she is exhaustedcarry her home on my backcall me pleb as much as you want
6Can you even carry her with all those armour?
1she'd probably wear casual
Does /a/ like Inuyasha?I'm not a fucking furry but this is actually one of the comfiest animes I have ever watched.
Comfiest? Because it gets so repetitive that it puts you to sleep?
4Yeah, it felt slow at times but it was comfy.
At least Sango and Miroku fucked like rabbits.
5Never really liked the show itself, but goddamn would I be a liar if I said I disliked the openings and endings.
2tfw kikyou is my waifuthere is literally no art of her
5
6Fuck anon those songs are a staple of my childhood. The japanese songs got excellent translations in the dub hereI feel like getting in bed, putting a blanket on and just watching the show endlessly
2What the fuck? They spent the entire anime doing nothing but whining about kohaku and miroku's hand hole.Wonder if he used it to masturbate.
Many hidden pond bathing scenes
9Don't forget feeling up women.Also, sticking your dick into a black hole doesn't sound like a good idea.
I've never really seen any of Rumiko Takahashi's other works, but I'm really enjoying Kyoukai no Rinne. What are her best shows? I haven't heard too many good things about Inuyasha.
9As far as anime adaptations of her work go, I really like Urusei Yatsura. Probably more than the manga.
INUYASHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1She really wants his dicktfw she almost gets cucked by a dead bitchI have a thing for long-haired hime cute priestesses
9Maison Ikkoku=Urusei Yatsura Mermaid Saga Ranma InuyashaI don't really want to judge Rinne since I'm only watching the anime, but I'd put it equal or above Ranma so far.
5And one with no soul at that.
It's a shojo anime well disguised as a kind of shounen-ish kind of manga, with all it's action and fights.Then it slowly started to drop it's facade.Feels a lot like Fushigi Yuugi.There should be more action-based shojo stuff.
4Nah. Inuyasha and Kagome aren't nearly as insufferable as Miaka and Tamahome.
6This 100x.
One of the best done and most memorable OSTs of any anime. 
inuyasha's sword throbs every time he gets anxious about womenlimp dicked seshomaru cant get it up for humans
1That commercial was amazing. Swin loved Inuyasha until FMA came around.
If it had been a reasonable number of episodes and with faster pacing it would be an alright show.
I never gotten into it as with Ranma or Urusei Yatsura.But I remember reading the manga from time to time.
Post your favorite Op or Ed.fucking song. Years after, and even to this day, I randomly get this stuck in my head.
2Fukai Mori, always.
5God tier opening and ending songs.
7That's pretty much what The Final Act was, wasn't it?
21tfw waiting at midnight for Inuyasha at Adult Swimepisode endsDrumsBOKU TACHI WAListen to that for straight hours.
3That and Every Heart for me. 
Dem fucking endings.
7Request in drawfag threads, she'll get drawn if you don't give up.
BEES
5not really, the last arc was pretty rushed, every episode someone got an power up or someone died or new characters appeared, I know this doesn't sound bad but IMO inuyasha had great slice of life episodes, Takahashi is great in creating characters and shit in everything else.Later I started the manga and for the last arc, they put like 16+ chapters in one episode, changed the order of events and it just seemed more random, they skiped a lot of stuff as well. For example Kagura liking Sesshomaru made more sense in the manga, also Inuyashas ability to make a barrier, the anime didn't show where he got that from.
5Apparently Inuyasha is considered a shonen anime? I swear I thought it was shoujo.
3That was the first song i ever downloaded on kazaa
5repetitive humorgoodIt dragged itself for too long.
9His other hand?
1Ending 1 is what got me into J-Pop. Can't lie. the cringe when I remember how I tried to get my father to listen to it 
5This show would create my hatred for romance arcs where two characters clearly have a thing for each other but would rather drag this shit out until the last possible second of the show.Basically, every shitty romance arc ever made.
inuyasha and fushigi yuugi started the annoying romance fangirl plague.
There were moments when Yukino really pissed me off but I got over it; their love is the purest after all.
5bad writing
5There were moments when Yukino really pissed me off...Whatever.
Jesus Christ...
Attack of the shitty 3DCG
8Nah i said something more like "he fucked up" or "he's so boned".
2Do you even understand what you just said?
8it was hardly noticeable
8I don't get it. What's the problem? Gary Stu MC?
2659Well I guess you SIR are set in your ways.
8It looked completely fine you autistic cucklord
8That looks pretty normal, in fact you can keep up combo to earn more xp and gold since you don't have to immediately run to the next mob.
2i want top quality animation from a 12-13 eps show that isnt getting a 2nd season
9isnt getting a 2nd seasonwh-what?
8Attack of the badly computer animated minotaurs...
JC Staff cant afford good 3DCG like the SkullReaper from SAO.
8Brazzers
7Poor Little Asian Boy
8Dat detailed teeth.
8It's fine when they don't move much and are monsters.
Plz tell me how this is shitty. Looks ok
8His hatred of minos is totally justified
8260People watch this for the animation?
8reminds me of the cow level in d2
8Do people actually watch DanMachi for anything else other than cute Bell being cute?
Maybe OP is talking about their skinny legs? They should be more ripped.
8Poor Little white boy
0Nah, they seem like the type that skips leg day.
I too want to understand why this is supposed to look bad.It doesn't look great but not bad either.
8but not bad either.Are you blind?
412-13 episodes onlywh-what?This was popular enough to get translated to english BEFORE the anime came out though ;_;
shitposting thread
6I don't get it.
, 
[HorribleSubs] Ace of Diamond S2 - 10 [720p].mkvRight now, this is who I am
Oh good, I can't stay up any longer. Have my webms.Haruichi was that close to putting a guy in the hospital.
2GARY STU REPORTING IN

Wouldn't you put a left-handed guy in the right field?
Shinji is fourth-best girl.
Uh oh guys they are bringing in Kawakami. He only gives up 3 runs everytime he is allowed to pitch even though he only pitches for 1 inning. We better consider him just as threatening as Sawamura and Furuya
Are all the best pitchers lefthanded?
0Did he use his Argonaut skill?
the episode endedI am mad. Surely he will just succeed and this yips shit can already end, right?
0No, but lefties have advantages in baseball.
0OP pic is the only left handed in their team
6[HorribleSubs] Ace of Diamond S2 - 10 [480p].mkv1280x768black barsDid you use your retard skill?
HELL YEAH9Did you use your MAD skill?[HorribleSubs] Ace of Diamond S2 - 10 [480p].mkv1280x768Oh, okay, you used your UNDERAGE skill. Congratulations on wasting your dad's money on a computer
7MOTHERFUCKER
71too stupid to make a normal screenshothas some shitty laptop, because he is still a college kiddocalls other underage
9I'm going to kill your dad, kid, better shut the fuck up you little shit
Is the MC still sucking?
0He has been doing pretty good, but still has the yips. This episode ended with him in a pretty good position to completely end it once and for all. And from the preview I will have to guess he succeeds.
I like baseball anime, but still don't know all the rules. Like I don't get why sometimes they run immediately when the batter hits a fly and sometimes they wait for it to land or be caught first
5If he hits it straight ahead it is obvious it is not a fault, isn't it now?
0I'm not talking about fouls, I'm referring to tagging up
5I don't get why sometimes they run immediately when the batter hits a flyThink of it as a squeeze bunt. Sometimes the batter will hit it high enough for the guy in third base to try and go back home, but if they don't reach it in time, they are out
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Is Iona the flagship of your heart?
Still my shipfu even after all these years.
She's a flagship of shit anime
KOUME!It's eight of clock!WAKE UP!
The 3rd of October can't come soon enough.
The 3rd of October can't come soon enough.
Good morning.
The 3rd of October can't come soon enough
wait is finally over. Infinite Stratos vol. 10 coming soon.Why aren't you getting hyped for the greatest series to ever grace the LN publishing industry?
Because I have moved on to the superior Blade Dance.
5This shit is awful
2S2 when?I need more Claire
5This is just like any other fight/harem LNs, just with less loli this time.Also Japan is the worst girl, and she is the inevitable winner, so who cares.
2Because I have moved on to the superior Blade DanceWhich is also on indefinite hiatus.Funny how that keeps happening, eh?
2just with less loli this time.Despite being ostensibly in high school Rin and Laura are both pretty clearly catering to the loli crowd.
22Why not read the actually good series, which is Date A Live?
3Date a LivegoodGee I sure love my Retard Dating Simulators, don't you?Gotta love all that screentime devoted to a literal moron.
6Pls no bully Tohka.She's just naive.
6No no, I agree she's fucking stupid and gets too much time. But thankfully Tachibana has Miku to get the retard out of the plot.The series is still miles better than IS or BD
5Someone post the picture of the pathetic fatfuck writing this series. I mean how the fuck do you take a hiatus from a fucking light novel its written in the easiest fucking japanese there is nothing but mindless nonsence that only is relevant because of the girls. some people write and draw manga on a weekly basis but you're telling me ln authors like this shit cant sit down and write the simplest of simple short storys every 2 months? how does this shit pass especially with how popular IS was.
7He pretty much got ripped apart after Vol 9 turned to be absolute shit even for what you'd expect out of the IS LNs. If Vol 10 isn't somehow a great volume you can bet your ass IS is not really going to even get a new OVA.
6Volume 10 is literally a recap of the season 2 finale of the anime.Most people would agree it was pretty terrible. Yumizuru will probably make it even worse.
2Date A Live, despite all it's flaws, at least has a consistent plot and enough intrigue to keep people interested. The mysteries in IS and BD are kind of lacking in comparison.
5The mysteries in IS and BD are kind of lacking in comparison.The Blade Dance LN has a decent enough overarching plot. The anime just kind of shit the bed by not even getting far enough to get to the actual fucking titular Blade Dance.IS meanwhile just recycles the same old plot every volume.harem hijinksIS Academy festival/school trip/tournamentSUDDENLY TABANE/TERRORISTSrinse and repeat
5Because season 2 was suck
6Your taste is awful and you should feel bad. She was literally the worst girl in her entire series.
3She was literally the worst girl in her entire series.No, that was Restia.
2Blade DancesuperiorBut Moot likes IS, not that shit
638You're all faggots with shit taste who don't know that the true best girl of Blade Dance is in fact Muir.
2Blade danceSuperiorI don't use this term often but what kind of fucking retard are you?
1Shitcollefag calling anybody a retard
5I want to cum on Madoka-chan's thighs?
5Who is this fluid druid?
3At least the anime was better than IS.
one of the most if not the most horrendously awful haremshit series to ever grace humanityhypedkekkery dekkery dooi smell a plebwith shit taste too
5So, will she also defect and be converted to a Mc D worshipper?Reminds me of all those Ichi-nii-san
2Of course.
, 
, 
Would you?
No
1faggot
9Why is she so fat?
Yeah man.
9taste this poor
2liking landwhales
9Only when it get a update.
9being this assblasted
91Perfect.
9New chapter when?
7Literally never
This was so much better than his other shitty manga.Suu should never do drama.
4Epic fail.
1Disgusting.
, 
, 
