Welcome to /diy/, a place to:Post and discuss /diy/ projects, ask questions regarding /diy/ topics and exchange ideas and techniques.Please keep in mind:- This is a SFW board. No fleshlights or other sex toys.- No weapons. That goes to /k/ - Weapons. The workmanship and techniques involved in creating objects which could be used as weapons or the portion of a weapons project that involves them e.g., forging steel for a blade, machining for gunsmithing, what epoxy can I use to fix my bow may be discussed in /diy/, but discussing weapon-specific techniques/designs or the actual use of weapons is disallowed. Things such as fixed blade knives or axes are considered tools, things such as swords, guns or explosives are considered weapons.- No drugs or drug paraphernalia See Global Rule 1. If you want to discuss something that could involve such things e.g., carving a tobacco pipe from wood that's fine, but make sure it's /diy/ related and doesn't involve drugs or it will result in deletion/ban.Helpful links:https://sites.google.com/site/diyelmo/http://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/
Some friendly suggestions for posting:- First ask Google, then ask /diy/. Your question will probably be better received if you do so.- List available resources tools, materials, budget, time, etc.- Try to use pictures and explain the goal, if possible- Be patient, this is a slow board; your thread will be around for days.- Share your results! /diy/ loves to see problems solved and projects completed!
I feel like making profit and advertising have subverted the front of the maker movement, and I find it rather sad. Does anyone else agree? Has anyone else noticed this?I remember the old Make magazine. It was cool because most of the things in there could be made with common household stuff, or some generic things. And the old magazine felt like it was less geared to profit. The early issues I am talking before the switched over to the thin version weren't as flashy or using a ton of buzzwords like Arduino and OPEN SOURCE and RASPBERRY FUCKIN PI. In the current issues it seems like it shills Adafruit out of the ass. All the projects must use some name brand shit like Arduino or a Pi. Just buy this shield and ur a maker :DDDD! You're being creative I swear it! Its just one easy purchase. :Its the same with the other companies that have sprung up to shove this shit. Adafruit and Sparkfun are pretty bad about overpricing things and maintaing this facade that because everything is OPEN SOURCE that they aren't out to rip off people who don't know better.I think the term open source has been relagated to nothing more than an advertising buzzword, like the term "artisan" or "natural." Do you agree?Here's an old issue of Make:. I will post a recent one for comparison.
819283New issue.
819283File: 04.gif 21 KB, 153x213try again
819291For you.
As soon as Make and Instructables partnered with RadioShack, I started noticing exactly what you're saying. When I was a teenager, being a maker meant that you could rip apart old answering machines, radios, and whatever appliances your mother couldn't live without and actually make things out of the salvaged parts. There's no telling how many guitar amps I built out of old tapedeck answering machines. I was still pretty young when the Prusa v1 3D printer was in the works, and as soon as I heard about it, I begged my parents to take me to the hardware store for more threaded rod than anyone could stock, and they still save old clock radios and other useless shit, in hopes that I'll make something out of it.I'm mentoring a FIRST Robotics team right now, so I interact with high school kids on a weekly basis, and it's interesting to see how many of them worship Arduino, because of how much Make tries to pander to FIRST participants. Even the new FRC robot controller has a port that was designed around turning the system into an Arduino shield.As much as I'd like to see these kids turn trash into fun and exciting things, I know they'd never be able to do so without 'babby's first MCU' taped to the back of it.I hate to sound like an old man, but hardware hacking is going the way of the pony express because these kids have it too easy.tl;dr old man yells at cloud
819293I forgot about that point too. Now you can buy the arduino, buy the shield, upload the program, and you have "created something." Its like Betty Crocker cake mix for projects. This has been a trend with things for decades but the maker movement was supposed to be a reaction against that which is the real reason I have this sense of frustration.Look how cheap it is to be creative nowadays
Okay I need a bit of math help from some engineers. I am working out a design for myself for a solar array with east to west tracking. I need to figure out the wind load of a solar panel per sq foot in relation to its angle. Angle range up and down is 28 degrees and 74 degrees. During the summer it may form a somewhat of a wing shape so uplift could be an issue. max wind speed record is 66 mph. The weak point is the linear actuator. Thanks.
cool
bump, not counting angle 66 mph with the formula f=Area x force x drag coefficient which is 2.0 for flat plates is about 22.30 pounds per square foot. I would need a 1500 lb linear actuator to withstand that.
-- Fan stuff thread --Shit you've done out of your love for a game. drawingssculptureswhateverLet me see what you guys like!Also what do you think of the kitchen wall in my apartment?
Also from OP:A friend of mine made this for our Call of Cthulhu Pen and Paper sessions.
817528As a fellow CoC pnp player i recognized that even from the thumbnail.Good job.
i plan on making a flexible krosmaster arena board some day,
Made a functioning Splatoon water gun
818439Sure that's not a flamethrower brah? I mean with the Bunsen burner and all
817524I don't approve of any decoration that involves pop culture produced in the last 5 years. It's surprisingly hard to predict how well something to age and no one wants a shitty picture of the pig from beyond good and evil on there wall.
817524Also what do you think of the kitchen wall in my apartment?gay
818234cretty prool, mate.
818234Looks niceDoes each of these block can be removed and placed somewhere else to change the arena like you want or it's fixed?
818439Love the concept
817524Fan stuffpic related[spoiler]that is my fetish[/spoiler]
819090Bunsen BurnerPretty sure that's a Lambo, dude.
817524Teeth inside the beakDo you even know how beaks work?Paint them black before someone notices.Nice work though.
817524this v819258
819258819261I had assumed never having played the game that it was simply part of the game.Checking, however, it appears that there is no precedent or canon in regards to Richard having teeth.OP is an idort.
does anyone have a bow tie and a neck tie pattern that i can use???
819198Dude srsly? look it up we are not google
dude seriouslly? google doesint have one, thats why my hopes are in 4chan, look it up
here's a bow tie pattern you can use op.
what are the dimensions if i may ask??? is it scale 1:1???
819254Look at the darn picture, see that grey square that says 1 in x 1 in. It might be that you're supposed to print it so that said square is, guess how big?
is there any way to connect 4 pieces of copper to one without connecting them individually?
?
819169no i mean in a fashion where the piping still works but pressure is equal all through
819175NOGO BACK TO FUCKING PRIMARY SCHOOL AND LEARN TO ASK A FUCKING QUESTIONalso google
819164819175whatTheFuckAmIReading.jpg
819175819164If they are all connected to the same source, pressure inside pipes will be the same everywhere. The only time it isn't is when you have a pressure reducer attached, like for a pet or chicken waterer or a badly installed/degrading foot valve in a hydrant or major debris/corrosion buildup.
819164Yeah it's easy. Lay them all out next to each other in your mom's oven so they look like what you want and then turn it on at 1064 degrees for 20 minutes that's gas mark 38 for you brits.You want it to melt but not MELT, you know? So that's exact, if you use gas mark 39 your house will probably burn down. Good luck!
you mean a manifold?
819263but can i make it so all meet in directly in the middle to the single pipe
819276But why? Does it have something to do with flow dynamics?I mean, what are you even using this for?!
819282Also1 Get a round pipe cap.2 Drill holes.3 Thread and attach pipe OR weld pipes.4 Profit.
Hi, I have an Antique guitar that I'd like to have mounted on the wall, but whenever I do so, there's an annoying echo. I really don't want to do anything permanent to the guitar to dampen the echo since it's a valuable antique. Do you guys have any suggestions on how to avoid the echo without permanently modding the guitar? Pic related is very similar.
Fill it with socks or something. The echo is coming from the body, where sounds are "amplified" on an acoustic. So try filling it with a foam or a thick fabric and check back.
819200Put it in a protective case and mount that.
819200Take some Styrofoam packing peanutsRoll a handful in a plastic bag like a small bag of ganjaPlace in sound hole of guitarRepeat 2-3x
Just move to space.
819200If you don't use the guitar, try to loosen the strings, that way the echo should be gone or atleast be dampened
So my table saw motor keeps tripping my fucking breaker then its thermal switch. don't get me wrong I'm trying to run it on a 15 amp outlet when the motor itself eats up 14.8 amp. but that's max load?? I can turn the damn thing on for 30 seconds, it clicks off -breaker trips. then head over the to breaker, off - on. walk back over to the motor and flip the switch again, it will go for another 30-50 seconds before it shuts off again, but its not shutting off at the breaker the thermal switch built into the motor shuts it off...I just replaced the bearings in the damn thing and cleaned off as much saw dust as I could get at. it does this all by itself, no load either just the motor running. its an induction motor too, no bushings.My question is not so much about the breaker as why the damn thing is getting hot, well over 120 degrees F on the ouside shell! It is hooked up to a 12 gauge extension cord. but that's most likely whats causing the breaker to trip. I know I should have a good 10 gauge, but them shits are expensive!
818161I know I should have a good 10 gauge, but them shits are expensive!so borrow one and see.
818163the cord has nothing to do with the motor getting hot, that doesn't make any sense..? if the cord can't support the draw from the motor that means it can't supply the electrical current needed. why would that make the motor hot enough to cook bacon?
818161its an induction motor too, no bushingsI guess you meant brushesThe start circuit may not be 'kicking out' after spin-up.The start winding draws a lot of current and is designed for connection to line voltage momentarily.Having it connected continuously will cause overheating quickly.Some saws have an external relay for start circuit.Some have contacts inside the motor.The contacts 'could' be 'welded' from too many starts or:I just replaced the bearings in the damn thingYou could have fvcked it up when changing the bearings.bent the contacts, etc
818169No no, it was doing this before the bearing replacement. is the contact thing you're talking about the little springy thing on the motorshaft and the little copper spring clicky thing on the main board? this thing is 50 years old, I forgot to mention that..
818173little springy thing on the motorshaft and the little copper spring clicky thing on the main board?Yes.It's a centrifugal switch.When at rest the contacts are closed.connecting the start windingOnce the motor starts spinning and reaches a certain speed, the contacts open.disconnecting the start windingIf the mechanical parts fail in a certain way it could stay in start mode.If the contacts are 'stuck' together from too many starts, it could stay in start mode.You should be able to hear the click when the motor spins down.It clicks on start up too but is sometimes drowned out by motor noise.Do some checking to make sure the contacts are able to break the circuit and the springs and weights are in place.
818180also:Google: electric motor centrifugal start switch repairClick on Imagessee pics of what to do...
818180yeah I never noticed a click back before. and I've turned it on an off enough to know all the sounds its making..betcha you're onto something and that's most likely what it is. I would of never thought of that. clearly. as I asked. lolFunny though, I noticed a lot of fouling on the little copper spring and its button halve. and I used a little needle file to get fresh bare metal. I've repaired those things before, not in motors, but most motorcycle front handlebar brake light switch uses those clicky things. when they foul they can stop working, if they are too pitted, you can use a quality soldering iron to melt some hard solder over the two halves. and file them flush again.
Fixing centrifugal switches is a pain in the ass. Not hard, but fiddly. Open the motor, tweak the contacts on the switch, close the motor, test it, repeat. I had to do this on a GE 'explosion proof' motor once and it drove me out of my mind. The end bells were held on with 4 long bolts went from one end bell to the other and had to be undone and pulled out completely before you could get the end bell off to access the switch. The bearings that guided the rotor were in the end bells and if you didn't get it back together just so the shaft wouldn't spin. So it was like 10 minutes of tweaking every time you had to open the fucking thing. The hole reason I was fucking with the bastard was the starting cap had popped. Since it was inside the housing, not just attached to the outside, it got juice all over the centrifugal switch and fucked it up. Ugh.
818203yeah my motor is kinda set up like you described. 4 long bolts with nuts on the ends. the whole thing needs to come apart in order to get to the board or the little contact thing. So how did you fix it? just adjust the copper thing, and clean the spring part real good?
818203The bearings that guided the rotor were in the end bells and if you didn't get it back together just so the shaft wouldn't spinOnce it's reassembled, whack the shaft with a leather or brass mallet.Do this again with the motor running.I actually have a dead-blow hammer that's my bearing alignment tool
818207I know that trick. Doesn't work on explosion proof motors. At least not my GE. They are sealed so that outside air can't get into the motor where their might be sparks. Very useful in environments where there might be explosive gas around, not that I need it. Anyway, the end bells aren't just held in by the bolts, they are a snug fit. Kind of like old metal Quaker Oats tins. Real pain in the ass to get off even with the bolts out. If it was a standard motor it wouldn't be half as hard as with these sealed fuckers. Anyway, I got the fucker for free and fixing it cost like $35 in parts and thats not a bad price for a 1/3 HP motor.
818223how does on adjust the silly copper spring switch, I've tried googling it. im not coming up with anything.
818233how does on adjust the silly copper spring switchYou don't adjust it until you've determined it's out of adjustment.are the contacts stuck?do the mechanical parts move freely?are any parts disconnected or missing?Find out what's wrong before you try to 'adjust' it.
818233Mine was easy to fix. I cleaned the contacts and made sure it had contact when switched one way and no contact when it was switched the other. Mine was rather beefy so it was clear when it was switched on and off. While its switched by the shaft rotating at a certain speed you can move it my hand.
818161Why pick on Roy Underhill? His table saw doesn't have this problem.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb-_KOf4INk
818236Holy shit quit repeating yourself. Clearly the op has already determined that its the switch. Get your head out of your ass and read the whole thread next time!
818161Most electrical circuits are only designed for 80% of their noted load. This is to account for breaker manufacturing tolerances as well as general homeowner shenanigans.Breakers also have multiple modes of tripping. One is instant fail where the OC device breaks the circuit immediately through a magnetic device. The second one is THERMAL FAILURE in which high current for long periods of time trips the circuit in order to protect conductors, which are likely also heating up and possibly roasting insulation. Look up "fuse curves" for more information.To go about solving your problem, try a 20A circuit. These are typically good for loads up around 16A. That's still a bit close, so try a 30A breaker if the problem persists. After that, it's probably in your saw.Good luck
818404I have a single 20A breaker for my garage and I've learned that it doesn't like me. That and there's only 2 outlets so I have a shit ton of extension cords and power bars. One night I decided to vacuum up the floor while running a small space heater. Nope. Tripped breaker and burned out extension cord. Next was having shop vac hooked up to table saw for dust extraction. Vacuum fired up, work piece loaded, turn on saw ... Nope. Tripped breaker. Who the fuck thought a single 20A was sufficient for a garage?
818407My garage breaker is 15 amp. GFI. I don't have acess to a 20 amp breaker... I really want a 220 volt 50 amp installed but holy shit are sparkys expensive!!! To run 6 feet of line they want 800$?!!!-the op.
818407Probably the kids of the people that design my house. Those fuckers didn't put any outlets out there at all and only a single 60 watt light. By thats standard it was an improvement.
818407wait you tripped a 20A breaker with what like 3kW? at what 110v or something?no shit sherlock.
818165If a cable is getting hot that mean's there is more resistance along the cable thereby the motor pulling more power. There is a reason why different sized cables are used the cable will pull as much power until it starts to break....hence the breaker tripping that is a breakers job.
818369Clearly the op has already determined that its the switch. Did he? I didn't see his reply with exactly what was wrong with the switch.Get your head out of your ass and read the whole thread next time!818169 me818180 me818183 me818207 me818236 meI've kinda been here since the beginning.Before I told him what was likely to be wrong they were going with bad breakers and too small extension cords.bad bait but 3/10 because I responded.
So after opening up the motor and dicking with it. I found a mystery yellow wire connected to the winds but not connected onto anything elsr. There was one visible spot where it looked like the only place the wire could of gone too. So I reattached it. Still runs the same and by looking into the vent holes I can see the switch and spring loaded thing. The spring loaded thing isn't opening up. And I've cleaned it as good as I could. So either the springs have gotten tighter over time. Or the motor isn't getting up too RPM... Any help anyone?-faggot op.
818446Open the motor and move the arm the springs are attached to.Some actually slide a weight along the shaft.If the slide is stuck on the shaft it won't move when the weights push against it.tldr; make sure the switch is able to move freely
818450slide a weight along the shaft.*slide a collar along the shaft
818446Do 818183and post a pic of what your switch looks like
818455here's the motor and its insides.
818444The breakers job is to avoid burning up wiring in the walls. It doesnt give a fuck about what cheap ass extension cord you have. Also he said the motor overloads are tripping, again all the overloads care about is motor temp, not your cheap ass extension cord.
818473Well I got a cord rated for 15 amp now. So we can take the cord out of the things that are wrong.
818461text on image
818489That black thing slides pretty easy as is. It actually has some play. Ill polish the shaft but it will be hard because the whole thing is press fit on there so I can only get to the parts with sand paper. Its almost like its not spinning fast enough or there's something missing in those weights. Like additional weights?? Idk if they would do that.
818497The weights look correct.When at rest the black collar presses against the copper arm closing the contacts.When the weights fold out like you're doing with your thumb the black collar slides away from the copper arm and the contacts open.The contacts should be open now disassembled state.Can you see that they are not touching?
818497it will be hard because the whole thing is press fit onIf it moves freely it's probably OKYou can remove all parts but the pressed on piece by taking the springs off and folding the weights so they slide out through the slots.The collar will then come off and you can clean and polish the shaft easily.
818505818502Okay I just finished polishing the shaft and went to try something. I didn't reinstall the springs and started the motor. The weights stayed open and it ran fine. But also my breaker at the wall tripped still after 30 seconds. The motor is under no load. I believe the max watts 700watts or so = 1hp and it's a 1 hp motor the motorisstill getting hot.. so here's where I'm at. Either the motors coils are fucked up and I just can't see them past the epoxy binder. Or my wall socket isn't putting out for what its rated too and the voltage isn't getting high enough to spin the motor at the rpm its suppose to to open the switch. And that's why the breaker is going off during start ups. Or its something else fucked with the motor causing a short. Either way I'm about to take a littl 30cc weed eater motor and spin the saw with it.. I can use my shitty wall outlet for running a psu fan to keep it cool... If I can even handle that.
818513You didn't respond to this question818502The contacts should be open now disassembled state.Can you see that they are not touching?
818161if the breaker is getting that hot then it is going bad or is bad. replace it, its no hard to do. Mine was doing the same thing minus mine was just getting warm not hot. Replaced it and now its fine i run a 10" table saw crapsman professional on 110 and have no problems after the breaker was replace and its a 15 amp breaker. now if i turn the lights on and the radio and start the table saw and a 15 gallon shop vac all at the same time then it may kick but only 1 out of 10 times.
818161Normal household 15 amp circuits are not meant to run a continuous load at 15 amps. Motors have a few variables that affect their performance, here's a few.Voltage: If your extension cord is too light of guage you will get more drop per amp, per foot. Power Factor: This is the ratio of Volt Amps VA compared to the Vars. Vars are the reactive force of the motor on the power supply. To lower the vars and in effect increase the power factor motors have capacitors installed in parallel. The probable fix:There are special motor breakers that cost an arm and a leg, but running a 20 amp circuit might be the most effective and safe bet. Why a 15 amp household breaker pops:all household breakers are rated for non continuous loads. This means that they can only handle 80% of their rating for a certain amount of time. 15 amp breakers really work for 12 amps, and 20 amp breakers will work up to 16 amps continuous.
818625my problem is if I'm gonna hire an electrician to install whole new wiring. I want it to my back porch [where theres already an outlet in the concrete wall but only a 15 amp 120volt crapzoid outlet] and have it a 220volt 50amp outlet. but I don't feel like paying some sparky $1,200 to run maybe 100 feet of line. and install a breaker. and im sure as hell not dicking around with 220 volt 50 amps myself. plus it has to be county approved, im not staying in this house for ever and they inspect dodgy wiring setups to make sure they're to code.do I sound like someone who can install wiring to code?! I hope not.
818161It sounds like a motor short to me. You need to get yourself a megger.
, 
whats the craziest thing that has happened on your job?be working heavy highway be on the east bound side of median be workingall the sudden hear a loud crash as a drunk driver blows through the end of the barrier at 90 mphthe very same second I hear a trackhoe go full throttle and another crashthe trackhoe operator instantly spun the machine around and planted the bucket in front of the car stopping it dead with guys not even 20 feet down the roadoperator said he did not even think about it and just did it drunk driver is not even hurt trys to get out of the car and flee he scene and is immediately hog tied with tie wire by iron workers till the cops come this was 8 years ago I have since quit heavy highway after seeing one of my good friends get killed by a drunk driver not even 50 feet from me
811250be working at menards, standing on ladder to slide lumber into binhead office is in town so have to follow policy usually used a pallet of shingles insteadhear a screeching tires. Coworker comes flying around corner in reverse, doesn't see me till last minute oh shit.jpeg jump off ladder and land on ass end of forklift just as he hits the ladder and smashes it in the lumber rackingagain menards, be putting water heaters away in pallet racking. Proceed to put away. Get one on shelf and then decking comes out from underneath mefall about 4 feet before harness and lanyard catch me. Proceed to catch several water heaters with my body.agian menards.Deck load got returned from delivery. Asshole driver snapped all the bands loading back up.does shit job strapping it down. Shit slides all over on way back. shits all fucked up I gotta unstack it all and load it on my lift to get it back into stock. start unstacking and loading. While facing front of lift and back to the pile. A whole stack of 2x12x20s tips and catches me in the back of the knees and pins me into a kneeling position against the lumber on my lift.proceed to calmly call for assistance on the radio.what? Yall rushed out like I was dying. I'm just stuck.I'm still surprised the worst thing I ever got there was a broken finger and that was my own doing.
Asked about a hole in my office window that had been there when I started. Apparently after work staff were drinking and messing around with firearms in the lunch roomnot that uncommon in those days here. One guy forgets his is loaded accidentally discharges it across the room, through the window, across the driveway, through both sides of a ute then into my office. never quite felt so safe there again
811250constant sonic booms, like a half hour apart some days and lost time.
811342
811250Nothing real amazingworking retaillots and lots of rain that isnt stoppingold store in an old shopping center, the parking lot for all the other stores is a decent slope towards my storeflooded the front of the storeover an inch of water from sliding front door, past the checkouts, past the pharmacy, into the cosmetics.was like my 3rd week on the jobfor 2 days everyone working stock took shopvacs to get water upIt was back in 07 or so and there was a lot of flooding around here from extremely heavy rain.Sucked
811342OooOoOOooo You're so fucking mysterious and cool.No one is going to suck your cock and say OH MY GOD THATS SO COOL PLEASE TELL ME MORE.Tell your fucking story properly or shut the fuck up.
811250Work at a University Chemistry StockroomTA feels like shit, makes his way to us hoping for some helpGet him seated, give water and crap, call campus 911Watch as guy starts to deteriorate, "Fuck I think he's having a stroke."Campus cop shows, treats guy like you could a shop lifter and eventually calls for an ambulance after giving the guy shit.Turns out the guy had a stroke. 30 year old guy had a serious stroke right in front of me.
811373A few years before that.Changing gas cylinder, removing regulator, damn adjustable wrench gets stuck.Tug and wiggle wrench, suddenly comes off and smashes me in face.Blood everywhere and face pain, just think "Fuck it is going to be expensive as hell to get new teeth and fix my nose"Wash blood off in bathroom, see bloody star "crack" in face go to campus health center to get patched up.Nothing seems broken, pass up X-Rays because for whatever odd reason I would have to go off campus. Patched up, walk back, bleed again, get patched up again.A week later, swelling down, touch side of nose next to where wrench hit, hear and feel snapping.Felt my way up my nose and realize the cartilage on one side detached from my skull but is in place.Figure Docs won't do much, nasal plastic surgery seems to be bust shit and put the pieces together and let it heal, works out that I don't sleep on detached side.Weeks later all snapping stops, seems healed.Fuck Westard brand wrenches, never had an adjustable wrench tighten like those during use. Fucking chinese wrenches at a premium wrench price. Bought my own wrench to use.
Mines is funny more than brutal working security in night club on weekends walk in for late shift wander out onto dance floor notice liquid flowing down past my feet oh someone spilled a pint follow it to the source guy is standing in the middle of the dance floor, cock in hand pissing on the floor with about 10 of his friends casually chatting around himas we drag him out his friends try to say he just split his pint.
not job but at technical college for machininghave haas lathe with hydraulic chuck lock on ithydraulics activated by foot pedalguy trying to pry chuck off of machineaccidently the levergrape squished all his fingershis fingertips exploded out the fronti got to see him get wheeled out.dubious of machine till i graduate
811395Pissing on the dance floor.Ha ha, y'all are dancing in my piss!Should've drug him by his feet through the puddle.
811250I watched a senior employee and a manager of a Wal-Mart lift a baler onto a flatbed using two basic forklifts.
811355You seem angry for some reason. Whats on your mind buddy?
81134145 stronk
811250Not job-related, but while doing a practical class involving wiring and running three phase motors in my uni, someone was playing with a screwdriver, and eventually put it inside a little hole on top of the shaft, while to motor was running. The screwdriver got stuck and began to spin as it hit the table, making a lot of noise, before flying off and hitting the roof.Someone could've lost an eye, but we all laughed about it.
811373Campus copIt's like a rule that they have to be fucking retarded assholes.
811513sounds like you would fit right in then
811699Whoa brah, that's pretty harsh m80.
811452uniinserts screwdriver in hole of running 3-phase motor- wtf is a Darwin candidate like that doing in a Uni? I'd have retreived the screwdriver and inserted somewhere a bit more personal than the roof, just out of principle.
811706He probably didn't think it could get stuck, but I have to recognize some of them behave like they're still in high school.
811257Menards has a well desreved reputation as one of the most dangerous big boxes to work in
811341Pussy
work at JSC NASAfirst civilian-designed rocket engine on testbed being tested in the tall dry grass field next to my buildinglook out windowflames errywherebuilding evacuated
811399guy trying to pry chuck off of machineLockout, tagout, never fuck around.
811341office pop
811399only haas I've seen had manual chuck
working on a large extruder cleaning the magnet drawers that catch metal particulate before the material actually goes into the extruderthe melt pump had a wire that burnt through and started arc flashing and shooting out blue lighting 2 feet from me.shit britches and wait for death.co worker rushes and turns it off before the 480v kills me funny thing was I had just cleaned that melt pump not even 5 mins before that, so I'd have definitely died.
Used to cut meat... nicked fingers often on band saw... this one dumb fuck would never use gloves and got some fucked up fungus.... frozen deliveries left out at night than refroze and sold.... we restrained a "customer" not me as a citizen arrest.. he would fill cart with ribs and tenderloin and run out the door.
811829if you followed lotto that would of never happened
811834I had a boss that was ~90 and had lost his middle and ring finger to one of those when he was like 20. He told me the story of how he was working and slipped, lost 2 fingers, so he wrapped it in a towel threw the fingers in the trash and kept working the rest of the day.The 40's seem like a much more hardcore time. I aspire to be him.
working homo depotgetting down pallets of ramboard with the overhead reachpallet snaps in half, not side not perfectly centered tilts and spills rolls of the shit falling the ~20 feet onto the floor, hooray we followed procedure and had the aisles closed off so no harm there.other half is centered at first and not falling until the weight of the other side exiting causes that half to bobble and tilt. that half falls and knocks a dozen or so mulch bags off the pallet they're sitting on before rolling to a stop.instant pee test for the driverspend next two hours cleaning up mulch and fixing the broken boxes of ramboard into something presentable on the sales floor.not all that crazy, i know, could've been a lot worse
811513True.Got three stories, two related to the thread and one to your postnicest park in town is attached the to the college campuscampus police occasionally patrol itwalking my dog there the other dayhe stops and squats to take a shitalready have the dog shit bag wrapped around my handsuddenly campus cop comes walking up to me and tells me I better clean that upjust raise my hand with the bag on ithe hovers over me with his arms across his chest while I pick it up"now throw it out"tell him to settle the fuck downfollows me to the garbage can "good now make sure I never see you leaving dog shit in my park."starts to walk awaytell him to make sure I never see him outside of that parkget told to leavedon'tnothing happens for the next hour I'm there2working in a Factory in upstate NY packing milk into boxesthe boxes weigh 50lbsbusting my ass on a 6 hour shift because they have both bagging machines running at full speedfloor supervisor comes over and messes with the labeling machine about two hours inthree hours later he comes back livid as fuck at usapparently "someone" put the wrong lot number on the boxesthey slow the line down a bit and yank three of us off of itthe three of us have to unwrap, re-label, and move 1300+ 50lb boxes onto new palletsfat Puerto Rican forklift driver refuses to help and just sits there heckling us in broken Englishshift takes 14 fucking hoursget a parking ticket because of this3auto tech in high schookid is grinding somethinggets told to put his damn safety glasses onseconds later something breaks off and gets sent flying right at his face shatters his safety glassessome other kid got his hand caught in a grinder a class over and his finger ripped offmy buddy picked it up in shock before realizing what it was and dropping it then running off to go vomitone of the teachers in the other class had his hand down in an engine bay and one of his borderline cont
811934retarded students is fucking around inside the carturns it onteachers hand gets sucked into one of the gears on the serpentine belthas to be rushed to the ERonly has 20% function in that hand nowI also saw someone in that class start up a car with no oil in it and drive it out into the parking lot. Then he proceeded to try and do a burn out.With a customer car.
811751kek
Be working as a line therapist for kids with autismAutistic boy with OCD has a meltdown because none of the therapists will repeat his TV talkingGive him some head pressure when he asks for itBring out the weighted blanket to make a makeshift hug deviceKid kicks in my the bottom right side of my jawKnocks out two entire molarsBlood seeping out of mouth with ringing in earsKid is like sorry sorry and I'm about to choke him outRestrain emotions and get workers compAnd that's how I quit. Ladies love the missing teeth.
811947line therapistWhat is that?
811935teacher left the keys in the car?keep keys for things you are working on in your pocket.
811973They were in the office on a rack. For whatever reason this retard decided he needed to take them and do something.I swear the classes were divided based on the aptitude test we took. Most the people in my class won top of the trade at least once and we all passed the final 5 tests we had to take. The other class constantly needed help by having one go us come over and teach those retards how to turn a brake drum or rotor or how to do an alignment. If anything broke, it was in that class. Hell, one kid drove his shitbox rice mobile off of a goddamn lift because he decided to start it and let off the clutch while leaving it in gear it had a vacuum leaked and the RPM spiked ass soon as he let off of it.
811952A person who goes to peoples houses and helps family members who have certain disorders, in this case autism.
811250be tutoring a hot 3.14 student during final thesisworks hard and is doing really well, no need to kiss up for gradeeach meeting the skirt is shorter, décolleté deeperduring meetings, ranging boner and damn it anon, don't stare at her tits instead of workSure, tits are nice to look at, but I am also just trying to get my job done and go home to my wife and kids, and this snotty chick is making it more difficult for memade sure there is always a colleague present, got so bad & obvious that the proper authorities had to be notifiedhad to request in presence of witnesses that she dresses more business like from now onpic related
811978oh, okay. Never heard the expression before.Thanks for the explenation!
811979tutoring hot 3.14Dessert in clothing is my fetish.
811947I've worked with low functioning autistic kids. They really are dangerous. It's 100x worse after they reach puberty and suddenly have the strength of a gorilla, matched with the temperament of a blind feral cat.
811999Here's a story I heard from an OTseverely mentally retarded kid, 14 years oldbasically a feral animal, no walking, no talking, nothingkid is in school because mother is all like:"what if muh baby wakes up from being a retard and asks me why I didn't teach him the ABCs"anyways, kid gets his own classroom because he is extremely dangerousschool has therapist working with him because they have to try something or mother will flip her shitkid regulatory goes ape mode one day flips out more than usualtakes two large 200+lbs grown men just to hold kid back from killing himself or therapistby the end of it, one of the guys is a bloody mess with deep scratches because feral boy has clawsand they still have to 'teach' this kid
Be sitting on a slab putting on some expansionHear someone yell Look up to see the steel man about half way between the trusses and the slabThe mother fucker tries to grab everything on the way down, leaves a boot print on a columnHits the slab, bounces, and gets back upGuy was a little shaken but he laughed it offIt was about 10-12 feet. He missed the edge of the slab by about a foot. If he would of hit it he would of been fucked.
811435hes right.
811992Fucking hell. Now I'm thinking of a fresh, oven baked pie with the metal encasing getting shorter and shorter down the side.Thanks for the stories, /diy/.
811918they were but all they would of done at the hospital would be wrapping the stubs up there was no finger reattachment surgery he would of also been out of his job for getting hurt too
work in machine shop with horizontal mills that move back and forth on steel conveyors. Tables are stationarycompany shipped in a junk 25 layed down on flat bed semi for parts table was 25' long standing 3 feet from flatbed brainstorming safest way to use 2 -10 ton overhead hoist to remove from flat beddriver removed 2 of the 6 3/8" chains that strapped it to trailerload must have shifted in transit, machine that is as big as semi trailer rolls at me and 2 other workers snapping all remaining chains.causes semi trailer to lift wheels off ground on opposite side because of weight.destroys concrete floor but we made it out unscathed
811342I want to believe
I have a million crazy stories from the chAir Force. One of the earliest:be in hanger, traininghuge 35'-ish tall A-frame laying disassembled on groundCE guys come in with civ contractors and 100K fork lift to assemble A-framelift one side of frame up with goal of bolting it to the floor upright this thing is made of inch+ thick I-beamFork lift raised tines to the limitA-frame side is ass-hair away from being upright but no more "up" on fork liftguys decide to give it slight push with forklift so maybe it will sit uprightclown contractors didn't chain it to tineshuge A-frame slips off tines and topples overhelacious racket as giant A-frame clatters to groundshit pantsears ring for the next hour or so
811250hog tied with tie wire by iron workersDoes not sound pleasant 811342811999strength of a gorilla, matched with the temperament of a blind feral cat.kek
811999fucking lolgreat stories all around. worst for me is a few years agoworking in rubber washer factoryfood-grade lathe cut washersguy reaches under guard to adjust blow-down nozzle that moves the washers down the arbordoesnt take into account the claw holding the rubber onto the arborclaw raps against his knuckles, taking off three fingers before he can remove meat hook250k lathe headstock damaged, thousands in food-grade rubber tainted, week halt on three machines that he sprayed blood on/aroundwork next to machine for rest of week, blood still visible on bottom of lathe bedquit 1 month later cause shit pay and go to collegesenior in computer science fieldnot goin back to factory workat least ive been there. most of my colleagues do not understand what factory work is, nor the physical demand, nor the feeling of working for your money
 work in a maximum security women's prisonEnough said. The shit these crooks get up to is insane. Betting on spider fights, faking heart attacks, lesbian love triangles, smuggling stuff in inside their pussies, every day a new, hilarious story.
812652well then share
Working at Lockheed MartinOur project finally gets a delivery of a full SAN, this about the size of a large refrigerator except it is completely full of harddrives so it weighs a fuckton.Receiving dept guys consider themselves not paid well enough to take responsibility for moving this $1.6M piece of equipment off of the truck.EMC sends us a shitty plywood wedge type ramp to wheel it off with seriously?.3 of the software guys who are part of the gun show have to get this monster off of the truck.Start wheeling it off, its so goddamn heavy that the wheels explode right through the ramp and now the entire SAN is in this position /-/ on the ramp and everyone on the dock jumps into position to stabilize this fucker.As it sits there the weight of it starts to slowly break apart the structure of the wedge ramp.Try to use a pallet jack to lift it up, pallet jack seizes due to weight, eventually like 10 people manage to scoot this fucker off the truck with the wedge falling apart.Fuck EMC
812762Were they like that just for transport or was that the final assembly? What were they to run in their final configuration?
812765That's how they send them, ready to run minus some extra work to connect them to others. was a shit show. Extra bonus, once we finally got it moving down the hallway it tore up 50 feet of carpet tiles in the main hallway and bent every doorway floor boot thing we went over.It's not uncommon to have to wear 5 different hats there to get anything done on time.
812767How much memory does one of those hold?
Some construction stories.be working as foremanContracted framer crew likes rigging the safeties on their nailguns so that ramming it up against the stud is enough to trigger it.explain that it makes work faster"oh well, not my problem"One day nailgun slides off roofswings by the hose, like a pendulum into lower part of the house.sends a 3-inch nail into the kneecap of one of the framers.nail is so deep that you can barely see the head.guy can't move his leg, sitting on 2nd floor of unfinished frame, no safety harness of course.Pulls the nail out of his knee with claw hammer, duct tapes the entry wound, goes home to get drunk.misses two days of work while his leg swells up like a balloon. everything fine after that.
812775Another one.be 8 am, picking up some supplies for a build, bump into another guy from the same framing crew."Hey anon, wanna see something funny?"Sure.jpegTells me to follow his car for a few blocks to nearby build he was just at.House has three cop cars with lights on, ambulance just pulling away.Bunch of people on front lawnWalls and siding look all sorts of fucked up, bulging out and twistedFist impression is that some sort of explosion went off inside."No anon, they used shitty lumber"wat?gif"See, what happened was, they bought uncured lumber for a quarter of the price from some Canadian company""Told us to use it for the frame, despite us protesting that shit would go wrong.""House got finished, expensive hardwood floors inside too.""New owners moved in, turned on the heat for the first time""After a day or so, all the beams in the floors and studs in the walls started to cure and warp""The hardwood floor planks started to snap off hard enough to put holes in the ceiling."They thought it was gunshots at first"That company had to replace almost the entire inside finish, much of the frame, and redo all the siding.
812775And none of them were intelligent enough to use guns with a bump fire setting? Or were they stuck under some safety regulation prohibiting those in which case fucking with the safety like that should've been grounds for immediate GTFO.812780Heh.No direct stories of my own but I did get to overhear my foreman today rip into a highschool co-op for sitting on the floor shooting the shit about 15 min before lunch.
812652Betting on spider fights...is this a metaphorical phrase, some kind of slang, or should I be reading this literally?
812772'Bout 1.2 jiggabytes.
812772Not him, but I guess several petabytes
811751It's shit like this I think of when people use the expression "it's not rocket science." NASA is basically run by Kerbals.
expensive piece of custom radio test equipment shipped in from americahundreds of thousands of poundscontractor performs drop test to check how robust it isdestroys it
812772not him, actual capacity depends on raid configuration etc.for raw capacity lets say it was a room height 19" rack with ~42 RU, and one HDD enclosure with 3RU holds 14x 3,5" HDDsso we have 196 HDDsfor lets say 2TB HDDs its 392TB, not that much for that size.. could use 2,5" then its a different story
Running the baler on pic related. Have to brace against seat to depress clutch.One day fail to engage gearAt top of 'gentle' slopeShit brakesHandbrake does not work anywaySo, no brakesCannot engage gear because too bouncy to brace to depress clutchSpeed intensifies ~20mphKeep it pointed straight because rolloverBounce, swing, bounce...Total fear.jpgOpposite headland slopes upSlow and turn before 15ft deep ditchTurn off engine, get out and have a quiet moment.
813075Did you then get your fucking deathtrap fixed..?
812762Reminds me of fish tank ways guys. The geek wants to send out a 3 ton tank and the shipping guy is all wtf, my forklift is only rated for 1.5T. "that's just a suggestion"All he had to do was review his shipping manifests and see oh, holy fuck its 5T and we only have a 1.5T forklift. Better get a 5T rented for that day.
813078He's a farmer, of course not, they love having deathtraps like that, they run in the family.
be online poker probe playing holdem 5/10 1000$ buyinhave AK, openraiseV reraises 3bet, I reraise 4bet, he goes allin 5bet, I call shows QQ i.e. we lose unless A or K Flop nothing Turn nothing River = A yiss. noice 1k$ ill take it. watch the animation 2x 1k in chips unify to 2k$ in awe of expectation chipstack moves to my opponent mfw take a closer look Im holding K4. mfw
Working as a welder putting up roof trusses for large steel building company.On a job in NMWork with four Indian guys tomahawk. All really athletic and tan as fuck from working outsideINS comes onto jobsite starts ordering dudes who are darker skinned to present papers.Gets ignored by indian guys.INS guy says if he has to come up there he will and they will regret it.Daniel Whitekiller Yes, that no shit was his name Yells "WE will, regret it?!? Oh FUCK YOU DUDE!"INS guy says "I'm gon git you illegal mesicans off the jobsite" with a smirkAll four of them freak out and do some James Bond shit.Indian guys basically belay themselves FACE DOWN the steel upright supports...FASTThink like a fireman down a firepole only face first and but it is a fucking steel beam.Right when they reached the bottom, somehow flip over to their feet without missing a step and run up to this guy.Thatjustfuckinghappened.webmThey just slid down 55 feet of red iron, face first, to yell at this motherfucker.Wow...So daredevil Indians that got called "mesicans" Start yelling at INS dude and shoving BIA cards in his face and knife handing.Remember that Kevin was a drill instructor. INS Guy's eyes are huge as these four angry athletic guys are all waving BIA cards, knife handing and shouting as he backpedals.Gets back in his truck and leaves while these guys are still yelling shit.Indian guys crawl back up to roof like nothing happened and bust ass for another 8 hours.Saw that INS guy a year later drive up to a jobsite, look around the roof and saw Daniel who saw him and Daniel pointed at him. INS guy just turned around and left.... fucking hilarious.That and the guy who grounded his nuts welding a steel beam and fell 15 feet into a deep snow bank. Sparks shot out his sack and I saw it.
813093forced to tell poker stories on an anonymous image board because they are so embarrassing.
813098Daniel WhitekillerI love it when Indians fuck with rednecks.
I worked as a special education assistant and doubled as a short bus attendant.The craziest shit that happened on the bus is I had one asian kid who would sit in the back, and seemingly plank the seat.he was literally fucking the seatit even had a tear/hole in ithe busted a nut every dayWe never made him stop because his father was abusive and didn't want to ever have to have any official confrontation. Just personally confronting him seemed too fucking awkward for me and the driver to ever do so we just let someone else deal with the spooge problem in the lot later on.Within the actual school the craziest normie thing was a fatass being bullied into climbing into a ventilation duct within the girls bathroom.He didn't get very far because the entire ceiling fucking collapsed.For the actual tards it was probably one of them running while simultaneously pissing and shitting down the hall while wearing some native american headdress and screaming a pronouncement that he was in fact the real slim shady
navyCIA busts up terror cellthey had pictures of our shiptransiting Straits of Hormuzsmugglers on jetskis going from Oman to Iranten of them break off from the main groupassume delta formationaimed at our shipramming speedlight em up with deck-mounted 50 calsin Persian GulfIran claims water as theirsnot internationally recognizedcontested watercaptain wants to hang out thereIranian missile boats scramble"whats that hissing sound in the radios""targeting radar"damcon stations tiemmy damcon station is in forecastleknow combat doctrinecaptain will try to take missile in the forecastleponder dickfirst day on the jobwatch officercall from helicopter"we need winds"no idea how to get winds"how long do I have guys"start looking for wind calculator"in 90 seconds we'll have to ditch"fuck$15M helicopter, 2 pilotsI make an educated guesscome 5° to port"how are winds now""pretty good"helicopter landsI call XOhe hands me the wind calculatorindonesian earthquake400,000 deadgo there to helpindonesian navy sends warships to interceptI have to explain on the radiowhy they shouldn't open firedoing earthquake aidsomeone puts rendezvous at 60°E longmeant 61°Ewe're 60 miles offmiddle of deep dark indian oceansurrounded by washed-out city100,000 bloated, shark-gnawed corpsesStraits of Malaccabusiest straits in the worldfreighters like cars on the highwayaircraft carrier decides to do air opsin the middle of the fucking straitsturns 360 degrees looking for windskm-long freighters trying desperately to not hitmodloc in the middle of the ocean at nightother navy ship decides to play sub huntdragging a drogue behind itdecide to do circles around my shipCPA 200 yardsterrified their drogue will catch in my propellercall captaincaptain calls admiraladmiral calls other ship captaintells him to stop being a fucking cowboy
be cargo pilot, drop stuff off in shitty field in el salvadorcouple hours to kill waiting for new cargo to arrive so get coffee at a cafe on the airportsmall team of red bull stunt pilots out practicing for airshow that weekendend of runway drops off into large and very deep rocky gorgered bull pilot finishes stunt and swoops in to land for the dayengine quits right over gorge, extra 3000 wings are not glider wingsstalls drops, drops like a rock. Fucker disapeared right down the canyontfw only suffered a broken armIt seems these dudes go out with absolute min fuel necessary to complete their performance, saves weight. This guy just stayed out literally 5 seconds longer thanhe should have. Also hella props to el salvadorian search and rescue. They were airborne in literelly a minute from the alarm. Real professional too
812775... was this in Missouri?
Working with a buddy of mine building a detached garageHas a bolt in the guard of his skilsawHey, whats that for?It so I can lock the guard in the up position when I use it but pull it out when OSHA inspectsIsn't it bad to bypass the safety?Nah, its fine.2 year later he got a huge gash in both thighs when he uses that saw to ripcut a strip off some OSB. He stumbled on some debris while walking the saw up the board and fell on his ass. The saw hit him in the leg and 'walked' across both thighs. He passed out twice; once from the pain and later from blood loss on the way to the hospital. It put a kerf in both thigh bones but didn't go all the way through. It took four surgeries to put him back together and three years of physical therapy before he could walk without a cane or brace. He'll never be 100% but his functional.
Construction worker here, particularity masonry and landscaping.Be third generation of family workingEveryone else is illegal mexicans or family-friends.We were the highest awarded company in California/west coast, doing residential projects, million dollar homes, etcLet me tell you the bullshit that happens.Landscapers on site, using a crane to move trees into holes over house.Lift large palm tree high in the air, over houseHits power line with crane.Drop tree on roofCrane is on fireOne of the barely 18yo Mexicans is in a hole cryingNext!Working with our cement mixer, to pour a small hard to reach patio area.Tossing in shovels of gravel, watering down mixAnother guy is opening cement bags and putting them in mixerThis guy is my dad's pot dealer, is 60+ year old navy guy, won't stop talking 90% of the time, claims to have invented the way submarines go backwards and is an old guitar guyHe is putting a half bag of cement in mixerBag gets caught on rotating bladesBag gets wrapped around his handStarts to get pulled upI pull him out of the mixer before his arm tears offLucky only a break, isn't healed for 6+ months.Next!Skinniest, angriest, shittiest Mexican ever puts shovel in same machine to get the shit stuck on the back while its onMachine grabs hold of worker, takes him for two flips, slams him on groundLaugh.Get into fist fightGuess who got fired~ :DI got some more, perhaps not as exciting.
813088I worked for a Rancher. If you ever used the parking brake on a tractor or truck and he caught you, he would fire you. EVEN IF YOU HAD TO PARK ON A FUCKING HILL!Story time - no danger just funny as fuckBe haying in the summer, working on the dump rake behind a JD 4010.Be jack knifing the 42' rack through a 30' gatetry to back up after getting the rake part way throughtire turns back half a turn and looks solidtry it again, same issueunhook it, pull forward and no problem, bring in the other rake tractor and finish the job on a tractor that is half as nimble despite being half the size.Turns out the tractor was on its original brakes still 1970's era tractor in 2010 and one of the rotors snapped in half. Going forward wouldn't have any issue, but when you backed up it would lock against the nonexistant brake pads. I wish I had pictures to show you just how fucked these brakes were.The dumb part. My boss only fixed the one side too. So one side was rebuilt, new bearings, new brake rotor, new pads all six of them and what not. The other side, the same condition the other was in before it broke. On the plus side, it really cut better going to the right.All his tractors were like that. When the rear main seal went and it started puking oil. He just kept tossing in more oil and lucas oil to slow the leak. He did that for a year before I quit.
813305Had a friend whos family owned an 'operating ranch.' I worked for them for a summer. ONE summer.Middle of fucking nowhere so no utilities. Everything is generators and water tanks and hillbilly shit.Shown the 'generator barn'. 20 large generators stacked up like firewood. Some labeled Craftsman from the 1950s and shit and mounted in trailers. Some old army deals.Ask how many run?None.All busted, generally because of being overloaded or not maintained properly. No less than 8 of them the engines were fried because they ran them without changing the oil often enough/at all.One day see the "back field"Row upon row of old trucks, all fucked to hellTruck breaks down and its more than 10 years old? Drag it to the field and buy a new one.80 years worth of International and Dodge pickups, dozens of them.Kids want to go in the back and beat the shit out of them with 2x4s and set shit on fire? Sure, whatever.Wander into the 'woodshop' one day.Full sized woodshop. Every machine I've every heard of plus many others.Everything is coated in a huge thick layer of dust.Whats the story with this?Granddad's not sure how many greats in front of that old woodshop, used it to build furniture and most of the older homes on the site. No ones used it since he died.When did he die?1962.Most of the family lives in double wides, only the oldest live is what I would call houses. Generally because they were born in them.Shittones of houses on the property though, all packed with junk of all types.Why doesn't anyone live in the houses?Ah, they are all fucked. Bad wiring, weird floorplans, drafty as shit, no insulation, no drainsNo drains??Yeah, no one wanted to dig a septic tank so they just drained everything but the toilets under the houses so all the foundations are fucked too. The toilets run downhill a bit and just empty out on the ground.Thats just the tip if the iceberg of their stupid shit.
813098this is comedy gold
81137999% of Chinese made tools suck dick, and they're inherently dangerous.
813098the guy who grounded his nutsWhy were they exposed? Also, ow
813117screaming a pronouncement that he was in fact the real slim shady
813357Nuts are always just hanging there. And they're usually a bit moist and salty, the perfect conductor.
813361Did they ground through his pants? And why not his foot?
be in the navydumbass steps on lineline splits and grabs him by the bootgrown ass man goes through a bit, legs firsthe's now practically legless rocketing towards the side of the ship. boatswains mate of the boat jumps into action, cuts ropetense rope snaps back and almost kills himTl;dr watched a dude almost die for saving a soon to be nugget sliding at like 30 mph.
813362I assume he had boots on, made of rubber, or at least rubber soles. If you're straddling a steel beam, your nuts are as close to steel as your feet, but the nuts are closer to the arc than your feet, and there's no rubber between the nuts and the steel.
811811if the guy was sitting it would be a desk pop...
So I was working as a logger in Alaska, helicopter logging. Helo comes in, choker chokes the tree, helo pulls log into the air, choke slips off the log, falls 80 get or so. Wide eyed choker flattened into a human pancake less than 20 get from me. I had to literally scrape up what was left of him and hike back to camp with this guy ina bucket. Working as security at a huge world famous bar. Told a midget to leave the bar for instigating fights with normal sized people. Female midget btw. She runs to her car, flies up to the entrance of the building and continues to instigate a fight. This time with me. Tell her to leave before I call the police, manager butts in tells her I'm being nice and basically to get the fuck out of here. Midget lunges and attached herself much like a child would, wraps herself around managers leg. I couldn't break her little midget grip. Pepper sprayed the shit out of said midget. Working on the oil fields of Alaska, walking well house to well house on the pad. Hard to explain but the pad is elevated off the tundra by 6 feet or so. Wintertime. Polar bear stalks me as I check well pressures. Cross pad to check next row. Polar bear climbs onto pad and begins running at me. Thankfully Co worker in the truck at the pad entrance stops jerking off long enough to notice my predicament. Puts truck between me and the bear at the last moment. Jump in jail ass with beat in pursuit. I've got tons more. Haven't even delved into the fucked up shit I saw as a combat medic in the early 2000's.
Get=feet. Jail=haul. Stupid auto correct....
813408Hahaha where in Alaska was the bar?If it was in Fairbanks I might know the bar you're talking about.
813141 real talkFascinating shit man, any more?
813408Pepper sprayed the shit out of said midget.kek
working on research shipup in the Arctic Circle, no people for hundreds of miles around in any directionsailing along, get low on supplies, put in a request for more2 days later supply ship rolls upthey come along side and get ready to fire lines over to our shipfor those who are unfamiliar, ships often use line guns to connect two ships together at sea; basically they use a 4-gauge cannon in our case to fire a big metal bar trailing the line to the other vessel, where the crew can then secure the line and haul the first ship in closethey get ready to fireI yell "all hands clear the starboard rail", everyone takes covereveryone except the newly commissioned NOAA officer who I'm pretty sure still had his mom pack his lunch for him and do his laundry up until the day he graduated OCS three loud "thuds" are heard, three big ass brass bars sail through the air towards our deckeveryone's yelling at Ensign Oblivious to get downhe's just walking along the deckhe turns to look at the other shipjust then he gets nailed right between the eyes with one of the barsspears right through his headhe goes limp and starts to tip overthe lines go tauthe gets dragged overboard by the headhe'd been an officer all of ten weeks
813459Did he dead?
813462speared through the head with a metal bar then dragged over a railing into the Arctic OceanNah man he was fine
813459muffled "GET OVER HERE" in the distance
813463
813464Hahaha
813408not always carrying a .357 on your hip on the oil fields its like you wanted to mauled or something
813464I am fucking dying, top fucking kek
813343please do tell more
renovating a guy's hunting cabin down in southern Vermontnice place, out in the middle of the woods on a private drive, situated on about 5 acres of land leading down to a creekI'm there by myself, just fixing things up and cleaning before the renters arrive for the summergetting paid well and I get to sleep for free in the cabin as long as I'm working thereit's around dusk on one of my last nights thereI've finished working for the day and am enjoying a beer out back, facing downhill towards the creek and the tree line hear something moving through the woodssee antlersnice big rack too, get bummed that the seasons overhold onthe shape is all wrongI see a deer's head, but where's the body?the thing comes up to the edge of the creek and stops and looks up at the houseit has a man's body, but dark grey/brown and way too tall to be a manand a deer's head, with big antlersit stares up the hill at meI slowly reach for the lever rifle I bring with me in case a bear or a yote or a big cat gets too closeslowly pick it upit stands and stares for a minute or two and then just sort of melts back into the woodshear it walking around in the woods all nighttold the owner about it when I got back homehe told me not to worry about it
813536Oh also there was a swimming hole a few miles downriver from the house and at least one kid drowns/goes missing there every yearDunno why people still go there
813536813537 sounds very much /x/ material, cool story though, and don't get me wrong, I've seen enough weird shit to believe you
813536Herne the Hunterhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herne_the_Hunter
Damn, makes my time in a factory look like nothing. Worst that happened was I took a piece of my fingertip off with a sheet of plywood.Thought my new job was safe until someone blew up our ozone distiller. Doesn't really compare to some guy getting a tree dropped on him or getting harpooned through the face.
813536don't worry about it/k/ pls
813536he told me not to worry about itThe skinwalkers' nefarious scheme continues to grow in scale, I see. Back in my day they'd just show up at your campsite and tell cool stories, now they're offering gainful employment? What's next, they gonna start cleaning my house while I'm out?
working in ITdozing off at my desk while writing a php moduleboss scares me with an airhornBout the only notable thing that's happened to me in my short career.
digging ditches for cableNeed to go way down to get under a retaining wallWall is only one run of cinder block bricks above ground level, it's the same level on both sidesWall has 3.5' of footingWHAT THE FUCK MATE.Finally get under itMysterious pipe. Gas or electric. Something bad.Other guy sets a glove on top of it and sets pneumatic ram on top of glove.Send it on throughNo one died. Everything went better than expected.--------Different digFucking piece of shit, tired of digging in this shit, we should just send the ram through.Almost get it out, other guy almost talks me into it but power is marked there so gotta hand dig itFinally get to marks, it was a fucking transformer, not a buried cable 2' deeper than we dig. Ram would have gone right through it.------------Story from other crewDigging near house. Dirt sucks, roots, rocks, shit fucking motherfuckers.Dig dig digAlmost thereAnother rootChop.Hiss of pressurized gas.fug----Two years later essentially exactly the same thing happens to the same guy.----Contractors get the shitty jobsContractors are insane.Shoot ram between transformer and distribution box, sure. Do it all the time, only hit high voltage once in 5 years.Shoot ram underneath phone company splice. Only hit that once every year.
811250Used to be in the military, not going to bother posting stuff from that time for obvious reasons.associate PM at engineering firm specializing in traffic management hardware/softwarespend three weeks helping installing new systempull all-nighter to finish up at an international airport a crane operator the next day thought it was a good idea to drive under a bridge where we had antennascauses $2 million in damageairport authority tries to claim we should have put signs on top of already existing height limit signsboss immediately recognizes they are trying to screw usgo to courtwinstill working with people who tried to fuck usthey mad, we still getting paid
813485Illegal to carry firearms on oilfields. There was a guy that was being mailed and his Co worker shot the bear. Native corporation sued him and he was instantly fired even though he saved dudes life.
813432Bar was in Anchorage. Koots.
Not nearly as exciting as many of these stories, but here's minework at electroplating factory in a room that sanded and buffed motorcycle back rests.pic relatedtrain a new guy to sandwants to try his hand and buffingfuck it, i'll kill some timegive a very basic explanation on the job, let my lead man go into more detailtell him if the buffer starts to pull the part away too much, to let it go and get away7.5hp machines btw and rather bigweek laterworking almost directly behind this guyhear the part hit the machine guard and look backpart is mere feet from my headdamn near get domedguy tried to hold onto the part and the prongs on the front rip open his armblood everywheretakes the guy a good 10 seconds before he realizes he's bleeding everywhereblood trail all the way to the bathroomdidn't even do a good job at buffing that part and I had to redo itbut then..I get injured outside of work that weekend and get laid off for about two months broke my hand in a drunken fistfight and got some pins put intransfer to their other plant down the road not even two weeks after starting there, they hire a new janitorsame fucking guyI also saw a different guy manage to stall out one of those buffers with his body while someone hit the off switch.
813343Holy shit, thats the most white trash story i have ever heard and so much money wasted.
812997John D. Clarke's book Ignition also gave me this sort of feeling all around about rocket engineers.
813098Work with four Indian guys tomahawkFeather or prairie also accepted.
working data entry at a big nonprofitshitty back office in the basement with finance teammost of my coworkers are pretty chillthere's one creepy fat dude no one likestalks about his sword/knife collection a lot and tells really inappropriate jokes at uncomfortable timeshe's a weirdo and he works next door to me but he's in another department so I don't have to interact with him muchone day cops show up officers come in, hear them talking with receptionthey start walking towards my doorshit, I knew torrenting Death Grips at work was a bad ideathey stop at fat guys doorknock"Mr. his name, this is the police, open the door"hear him yell "NO" from the other sidedis gon b gud"sir if you don't open the door we'll be forced to breach it""IM NOT GOING""one"I'm peeking around the door"two"I hear movement inside the office"three!"cop kicks the door and they all run inyelling and sounds of a strugglehear fatty screaming bloody murderone of the officers comes staggering out with a shiny object in his shoulderafter about 30 seconds of rumbling in the office they cuff the guy and drag him away screamingapparently he had been collecting and selling CPlots of itand when the cops came to arrest him he stabbed one of them with one of the daggers he collectedtfw I'd been working right next to a pedo who had been actively financing the exploitation of dozens of little kids for like a year and a halfStill gives me the creeps just thinking about it
work at a Chinese ResturantGuy with a russian accent gives me a pink dildo "The hell is this?" "Payment" There was money inside it...I saw a russian guy use a pink dildo for a wallet
814131They can be odd. I work for one who has done time for it and all. He gives me the creeps.I don't think he would be smart enough to sell anything or that but if they come for him there is a squid box with 5gig of cache waiting for them to explore. I've never found anything I can categorically say is illegal but some of it is your pic related.
813141damcon in forecastleI know that feeling. At least you don't have to worry about drowning or burning if you take a direct hit.
Craziest thing that ever happened to me was when I overwintered in Antarctica, and joined the 300 club.Nothing's quite as exhilarating as going from a 200°F sauna to -100°F outside, naked as the day I was born, and running around the south pole.
811250high-end Nordstrom-affiliated clothing warehouseemployee with a reputation for being confrontational mostly only with one supervisor who is a complete piece of shit and deserves it finally about to get firedhas always said that he would make a huge mess of everything if they ever booted him outeveryone believes himhe knocks over four huge racks of clothing, spits in the HR manager's face, and flees the sceneit takes an entire day for the Returns and Inventory departments to re-organize the shit he ruined
811855811754Lockout Tagout is well and good, but when I worked for a major appliance repair company, none of the guys ever did LO-TO and scoffed that I did . I eventually quit because my KPI was so shit. Nobody in my whole region followed LO-TO but me.
812361The best lesson I learned from doing factory work is I don't want to do factory work.
814253those are also the guys who are going to be missing fingers before they retire
814131talks about his sword/knife collectionThat should've been your first clue m8. 99% of people who collect shit like that are huge edgelords with gross fetishes and probably tons of pics of themselves in trenchcoats and fedoras.The other 1% are serious historians or wealthy collectors who study actual historical pieces instead of cheap Anazon shit
813660I lived a block or two from Chilkoot Charlie's off Spenard, back in 2002 or so. I completely believe your tale.
worked in a footlocker in the 80snike just started selling the terminator shoeshalf hour before closingsome guy comes in stoned out of his mindasks to try on a pairwe have only two pairs left, a 9 and a 12he tries on the 12 and it falls straight offhe tries on the 9, and you can see that wearing them hurts"Yeah, I'll take it"He ends up buying 3 $150 jump suits toowalks up to the registerthe total is something like $600reaches into his sock and pulls out a roll of 20s and 5sI'm just staring at him"Wrong sock"puts it back and pulls out a roll of 100s and 50s from the other sock
be in german school in the middle of joinery apprenticeshipworking on group project, split up into groupswaiting to get at the planerkid somehow manages to get his fingers under the spring loaded protection thingfinger tips gone, blood on my shirt]teacher lets him walk to hospital a few blocks awayi get to clean up his messyeah that kid was an idiotanotherat work, coworker is a real nervous guy, always rushing using a hand router to somethingwants to change something doesn't waitboss makes me drive him to the emergency roomhe lost some of his thumbshit happens fast
814504"wrong sock"i gotta start keeping cash rolls in my socks
813603Wall has 3.5' of footingWHAT THE FUCK MATE.Listen man, mistakes were made, we thought we were gonna put something different there but then we went with a wall, so we could either backfill and tamp it or order an extra 8 yards of concrete so we went with the latter okay.
814527I wouldnt have cleaned that idiots blood, especially if Im just another student.Also unless It was my friend, It tell the boss to do it himself.. not getting blood all over my car, fuck that.
814527routers are super dangerous if you let run catch you while running it will keep grabbing meat till its turned off Ive seen a guy turn a router on in his hands not expecting the torque it spun around and grabbed him in the stomach and started digging last time I ever saw him was him getting in the ambulance leaving the job he does not even come to union meetings anymore
first week at machine shop job I lied to getlots of artists, sculptors, self taught peopleinstalling a new sump pump in the floorperson welding next to open tub of denatured alcohol and varnish mixrocket fireone guy taps the welder and tells him he started a fire "oh shit! stand back!"swats it, sends flaming shit all over the floor about 5 feet from meAfter that I became "that guy" who calls people out on being dangerous as fuck all the time.Same place,some problem with the cold sawperson opens it up, is about to start poking around in the electrical box with a screwdriverboss walks by and casually says "careful, theres 500volts running through that"holyshitialmostdied.gif
814486You would know eh, astute 4channer?
Be assisting camera guy filming safety video for plant handling HF gas.Filming in processing area up over a kilnHard hat, goggles, glasses, ear plugsHard to breath, acid smellGas alarm badge goes apeshitTap camera guy and point at vibrating, blinking, beeping badgeohfuck.mpgBust ass schleping camera and tripod up wind, off super structure, and to shelter.Safety officer checks out badge in case paperwork."Weird, it's set to 1/10 the normal ppm warning setting."Minute later, Loud boom outsidemfw I see cloud of HF gas/vapor pour up through area we were just filming minutes beforeHF is nasty shit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydrogen_fluorideThank the Maker I was unscathed, but damn. Video never got finished because they decided to shut that shit down for good.Too dangerous and too many accidents.
814681Too dangerous and too many accidentsNO SHIT?
813602 Be in highschool in the 70's. Be in science lab. Stanking big wooden desks with sinks and cupboards built in, guaranteed to survive the holocaust.  Teacher has a foot long piece of 2x4 sitting on his desk. No one knows why. Dude falls asleep in class one day. Teacher slams down hunk of 2x4 on desk beside students head. No one sleeps in class anymore.My younger brother told me a few years later he did it to a guy in his class, who was so shocked that he fell backwards off his chair and cracked his head on the desk behind. Lawl, school in the 70's.
814719That reminds me of my freshman year science teacher. He'd do the same thing, but with a yardstick. He had a filing cabinet full of yardsticks that he'd broken over the years.
Crazy Somali girl dismantles a pencil sharpener in class, then proceeds to use the blade to slice open another girls face. Blood gushed everywhere and kids started shouting.. Happened about 8 years ago now - was national news at the time, but they didn't name the school.
812780The company had to replace etcWhat the fuck."Customer, your idea of using uncured lumber is fucking retarded..."nah I want it that way, build it"Hokay then"eh! what the fuck my house is retarded, builders, you pay for the repairs!
813141indonesiaOh jesus they've got the most dangerous mix of medieval culture, colon-gazing, and modern technology, how they have not killed themselves is anyone's guess.Garuda airlines used to line up on a highway leading to Perth International Airport western Australia way too many times so we had to put a bend in the fucking thing.Also,post your stories on /k/ pls
814818I don't think he implied the lumberyard paid. There was more than one company. The building company had to pay. The yard didn't know what they were going to use it for and the customer was ignorant of what they did.
813602working ITa woman knocks on my doorshe is escorted by a security guardturns out she is being stalkedshe is scared as hell and about to cry go through her email account with the email admins and see there has been access to it on various occasions from IPs that are no where near her place of residencehave her bring her personal laptop in next daybackdoor and keylogger installed in her windows laptopcross reference with email adminsfind a cleverly disguised email sent to her offering a free Starbucks coupon that she clicked onthis fucker was stalking her for monthsOne day your skills may be needed to help someone in need, anon.
814850How is this its problem?also what happened next?
814719my science teacher in highschool did this with a 500g scale weight when someone fell asleep. same guy got pissed off at one student that he threw one of the desks at the wall breaking the wood and bending the frame.
814898Once we established enough evidence that we could only pull from our org IP addresses, times, dates, she now had enough evidence to take it to law enforcement.
814818814825Parent here. Basically this company was a fairly large contracting firm, had dozens of individual contractors working on several dozen houses at any given moment. Mostly condoes, duplexes, and "build to order" stuff.Customers paid some money upfront before/during construction, that would let them customize the finished product to some extent. But were not involved in any of the day-to-day stuff like finding supplies, hounding individual contractors to work on time, or getting permits.Here's another one from around the same time period, but different company.series of eight 2-family homes being built all together on a chopped-up plot of landmost of them already get down payments before the foundation is even pouredarea is rocky and hilly, but upscale, so this is fancy stuff, expensive windows, finished basements, stainless kitchens, moen faucets, that kind of thing.engineers tell us that storm drains are required all aroundarea is prone to flash floodsIn their infinite wisdom the bosses decide to put in storm drains and sump pumps last at the same time as the landscaping.Avoid them getting incidental damage from onsite equipment or something....Houses go up, inside finish is done.All thats left is landscaping, pour the sidewalks, and do the storm drainsOh and to flip the circuit breakers connecting them to the gridit rainsEach basement fills with 7+ feet of waterNo connected power, so sump pumps don't turn onEnough that even the breaker boxes get submerged in most of themAll internal work is done, the only people left onsite are mexican landscapers, who aren't allowed to go insideFully finished basements stay flooded for over a week before somebody noticesThey sold all of them eventually, but not to the original buyers, and at incredible losses. I don't think they're in business any more.
be me working in garagehave apprenticestill have nightmares :
 Factory worker Important conveyer belt gets totally covered in clay on the pulling side, because shit sucked and huge clumps had been wedged out the sides on the transporting side of it.  Half the fucking factory stands at this belt and cleans of clay from rolls, sides and trying to get some away from the belt as well One guy tries scraping the pulling-roll, that 150kg roll that the conveyer belt is pulled by. While it is moving Gets arms caught in rollnote: I wasn't helping there because of other tasks, but I was around 100 meters away Suddenly I hear gut-wrenching scream Guy had his arm caught in the pulling roll Run to the scene, get told to get an angle-cutter to cut a part of the frame of the construction his arm had been caught in as well Get angle grinder, no power outlets within reach Run down, get extension cord Guy gets cut free and gets taken away by an ambulance His arm was saved because another guy was quick and hit the emergency stop Was back to work within a month, lived off morphine for a couple of years, now the problem is a bit of sensitivity issues in his ring and pinky fingerMorale of the story is to get back to work after being injured. Staying at home will break you down more than getting to work and using your body again.AlsoA conveyer-belt pulling-roll is serious business and will take off your arm or mince it good at the very least. Have also seen another, faster-running and more powerful conveyer back-roll twist a rod of metal around between the belt and the roll like it was a string of spaghetti
814969Morale of the story is to get back to work after being injured. Staying at home will break you down more than getting to work and using your body again.- why, ye,ssah, Massah Ford!Why ah knos, me an Miss Afia da, why, we aint got got no arms no more an all, on account o working dem Machines, an all..But, Missah Ford, we jis wanna wurk, why, Afia bin amputiert nur yesterday, she be back by on the line by morn, please, now, Missah Ford, don be firin our asses, an all!
814988Ford had difficulty keeping workers because the work was so dull, not because it was particularly dangerous.
815006I had a job that paid $25/hr to watch inspect vodka bottles go by for 12 hours a day. I wanted to kill myself, only lasted a year. Somedays I got to watch boxes.
815006this is true I worked in a ford plant for a whilethey had a vending machine in the middle of the floor that had icecream bars in it for 50 cents eachI would spend like 8 dollars a day on icecream bars just so I would have a reason to walk around
815009wow.I was going to say if it was a hamburger vending machine you were blowing money on every day that it would be the most american thing I heard but figurd Id just leave it at wow.I got this capture so now I have to say something about burgers.murica.
Working in an Abattoir in rural Victoria, Australia.Workplace accidents were really fucking common. At any one time, there was always at least one person with stitches or a splint from a reattached finger when we'd sit down for morning brew.In my last week there, they were training a Korean guy to operate the grinder. Part of the 'official' way to clear jams from this thing was to stick your arm up the exit chute and pull out the clogged up beef.Lost in translation was that you need to turn off the machine first, he lost his arm up past the elbow. The worst part is that due to the way the abattoir hires people, to ensure their insurance premiums didn't go up they cancelled the guy's work visa. He was deported.I don't get why worksafe need to notify these places that they will be conducting an audit. We'd always have 3 days notice of an audit, and the day before would be spent by a crew of the hardest workers scrubbing the place raw. The audit day, we'd be working at about 1/4 of the usual speed, everyone in hair nets and having a very relaxed day.
Not at work but, when I was tinning a tip, I noticed that it had too much solder so I usually fling it off. Well, one time I did, and it ended up on my face.
815090casually "flings" molten metal indoors
815182its just solder, it burns for like half a second and doesnt even leave a mark. Even if it's a high temp solder.Anyway, my story:We're building this 2kw power amplifier for a high profile costumer.Damn thing weights a few tonnes and costs several million $.Everything seems to be good, all things are working, no issues. Time for a full burn test.Turn on the amplifier and the pump for the cooling system.Suddenly the hose leading from the pump busts open, water everywhere.One dude quickly shuts down the pump, the rest of us stand there, with a 'fuuuuuuuuuuck' look on our faces. Production manager looks like he's about to commit sudoku.Luckily nothing was fried so we got to live another day.
813408I wana hear your war stories anon!
8155572kW power amplifierM$...how?
814534The older I get, the more "turtles all the way down" makes perfect sense
814686Why is this what I've laughed the hardest at throughtout this thread
815053I'm never sure if I can safely call Australia a backwoods shithole, because it so much sounds like America
813075813305This bears an explanation. Tractors are not cars. You NEVER shift them out if gear into new gear unless you're on flat. Likewise, suspect rancher meant that if you needed parking brake to hold vehicle still, you parked it wrong. Farming is effing deadly. I've stories, will write when I get to a real computer.
815673Wheat farming, eastern Washington state. Going to refer to farmer son and daughter as FS and FD. Both were general fuckups. This is hilly country, working up in the foothills on steep ground; none of that flat Midwestern stuff. Worked for these guys 2 years.  FD destruction log, year 1 3 field fires Driving wheat truck too fast through fields kicks up straw dust which ignites. Dry wheat burns really fast... 1 combine 20' wide combine header needs to go through 21' foot wide bridge.  We all do this at 1 MPH with mechanic walking in front to guide us FD takes bridge at full road moving speed 15 MPH  Mashes bridge side, shit bends, combine dead for season.  FS destruction log 1 FD After pea harvest, need to break up little piles of pea vines that happen everywhere combine stops Kids out pitching pea pods, riding in back of pickup with pitchforks FS driving, FD and others in back FS driving like a maniac, pitches FD out of open bed on turn, breaks her hip No more FD in year 2 Forward to end of season, year FS broke FD hip.  FS driving trap wagon with 6 of us in back Him and 2 of his prep school buddies in cab Trap wagon is basically a beat to shit truck with +1000 lb fuel tank in back.  FS driving like maniac again on deeply rutted dirt road 50+ MPH Nearly hits oncoming truck on narrow road Hits bump so hard 1000 lb fuel tank lifts 1" off bed, almost off pins that hold it down not bolted down, b/c why would it need to be? Realize FS is going to get us all killed, look at coworkers, realize I'm going to have to deal with this.  Reach into cab of truck, haul him half way out window by arm Tell him if he doesn't slow down, I'm going to bash through back glass and kill him Am 100% serious  FS slows down. Season ends 2 days later, get paid, don't go back.
815689 Year 2  Working on field, 30-40 degree slope with 7 other wheat combines. Hill slopes to flat plain, surrounded by cliff 80 deg slope Combines need to be level to work, and has heavy hydraulic rams to keep platform level while cutter stays parallel to ground.  Most cutting is done side hill, not up/down, b/c combine works better that way. Combine also holds ~3 tons of wheat in top hopper; this mass is held up high.  Combines do a good job staying level as long as you give the hydraulics time to keep it level, since it's easier to keep something upright than pick it up from 45 degree angle.  We have CB radios for communication.  Am working bottom of hill, hear screaming on CB Supervisor truck headed warp speed up hill Look up to top of hill Combine tipped entirely away from hill, full grain hopper spilling over top. Basically as far as it can tip wrong way Operator cutting sidehill, turned from left-right to right-left cut too fast, hydraulics couldn't keep up going lock to lock and collapsed.
815693 Year 3, didn't work there. Hear story about my old employer  Farmer family flies out cousin from Ireland Won't it be fun to have him work harvest like FS and FD Cousin operating combine on field from story above Remember my comments about shifting tractors? Applies to combines too.  Combine needs to be completely stationary to shift. No synchros; if combine is in motion you can't get it into next gear once in neutral.  Shifting procedure is to sidehill combine so it won't roll, even out of gear, then shift gears.  No reason to shift gears anyway. Harvesting is done in 1 gear, moving around field done in another. End of day sort of thing to do.  FS can't be bothered. On this hill, his procedure is to stomp on brake, shift, keep going, bc faster Cousin tries this, apparently, at end of day.  Gets combine out of gear.  Combine starts rolling Brakes are enough to keep 5T combine stationary, but not to stop it once rolling Combine rolls down hill, off cliff. Cousin stays with the combine. Farmer family sends home Ireland cousin in a box.
815673815689Farming is effing deadly.  FS driving like maniac againNah, farming is not deadly. Inbred morons with IQ well below room temperature operating heavy equipment are
813075Hey anon, is this pic where you were operating? What state/part of country?
815697 Inbred morons with IQ well below room temperature operating heavy equipment areYou just described many of my co-workers. The others were college kids with zero equipment training.  Hey kid, you can drive a car? Here's a 5T combine to operate There's the clutch, there's the gas, that big lever engages the thresher.  See you at lunch time
815712its like that in construction too if your not union because the only people who are scabbing non union are the fuck ups who could not stay in the union
815586audiophile markup
815053I don't get why worksafe need to notify these places that they will be conducting an audit.I think you do. It's obvious. The government is controlled by the rich. The "inspections" and "regulations" passed by law were never intended to make the corporations change. They were intended to get you out of the streets and out of Leftist political parties. Bourgeois democracy is false democracy; it is just a way to redirect your revolutionary energy so that it is harmless to the rich. Capitalist government exists not to protect you but to protect the rich from you.Working in an Abattoir in rural Victoria, Australia. Workplace accidents were really fucking common.Farmer family sends home Ireland cousin in a box. Suddenly I hear gut-wrenching scream. Guy had his arm caught in the pulling rollWide eyed choker flattened into a human pancakeThe machinery of capitalism is oiled with the blood of the workers.
815856Joining unionscum. Literally the cancer killing industry.
816438816443Go back to /pol/.
816443yeah if you like working for shit pay and treated like mexican garbage go ahead and work non unionI have done both and I will never go back to the shit fest of non union
813348using cheap harbor frieght hammermetal bit looks all right, what could possibly go wronguse the back end to pry something off, very gentle-likehandle literally explodes after appling a tiny bit of pressure, it's made out of some kind of cardboard plywood paper confetti bullshitmade in china, never again.
816456made in china, never again.srsly anon, there is basically no shit that ain't made in china, with a few exceptions.I own a number of higher end chinese tools and they are excellent. Maybe more in china than anywhere else, you get what you pay forWhat you meant to say ischeap shit tools, never again
813464the poor man does not deserve to be made fun of, he didn't really "do anything wrong", he was just new and ignorant to things.with that said...you sir win the internet for today.
813459why do they fire when the deck was not cleared
817846To sort the men from the boys. Clearly, it does the job.
walking back from vansee explosion from otherside of dump truckexcavator as ripped up a submain cablecordon off areaforeman comes outI want to test that it is now deadforeman overrides me and says breaker would have tripped foreman ask excavator drived to dig more out so we can joint cableIm standing right at the holebucket going down BOOOOOOM! another explosionsunburn and arc eye for me unemployment for foreman after my report
I worked on a site where it felf like a prison. Drywallers were one gang and plasterers were another and they had beef. Electricians and plumbers the only white guys onsite. One drywaller got stabbed and was still hanging rock bleeding from his neck. Huge fight outside the site, backup nigs turned up. Now a fancy apartment block.
Working on grounds of a mental hospitalThe loons liked our hi viz gear, would often steal our hiviz vests and hard hats if we left them by the gate to go to lunch.One day a roller started up and a big rig nig orderly went sprinting towards it and tackled a patient out of the seatA patient in disguise asked the foreman for a light and the foreman ripped the ciggarette out of his mouth and said you cant smoke here. Guy flipped and tried to attack the foreman chanting weird words.A guy escaped into the plant room and cut his penis off.
811934It scares me to know that such retards get to control scary machinery.I see how the non academic kids all go to manual labour, but there needs to be another level where only the kids with some basic responsibility get to touch the big machines.Maybe an exam on how not to be a ducking idiot. For their own safety and the safety of others.
I was a tow truck operator for almost 10 yrs.Scariest thing that ever happened to me was a call from SHPCall us out for a drunk in the middle of bumfuck that had left his vehicle. Shitty little SUVIn a fieldI took the wife and our girlfriend at the time with me bc they wanted to comeMe and th trooper sit and chat while Im setting upeventually it too cold for him and he goes back to his unit.1 hr later the shitty SUV is lined up behind the rollback and Im about to start putting it on the bed when the trooper rolls by and asks if he can run, he's got a hot call.Sure man, all done but the billing now.He takes offI get the SUV on the bed but havent got it secure and the bed is still down.I hear big tires coming. Fast.Look up to see some jacked up good ole boy drunkenly flying at the truck.All I can think is well shitI cant move the truck, the girls are in it. WTF is this ass gonna do?Drunky slams his POS lifted Chevy into the ditch at 60+ mph through the ditch passes me and keeps on trucking, blows the stop sign and everything.The girls said his headlights disappeared before he turned, thats how close he was.Before towing I thought drunks were a scourge of our parents generation. I was soooo fucking wrong.
811379 damn adjustable wrenchThere's your problem. May as well take the extra effort and use regular wrenches.
811935I also saw someone in that class start up a car with no oil in it and drive it out into the parking lot. Then he proceeded to try and do a burn out.those fuckers are brilliant, aren't they?
Inna factoryDouble-check printsGetting ready to leaveCouple electricians and an EE are hanging around a golf cartThey use them to carry junk and people aroundAnother EE pops out from under the cart’Alright, good to go!’There’s an aluminum E-Stop button on the dashThey all jump onSomeone hit the buttonCart peels outDoes donuts and drifts around some shelvesSecurity cart outta nowhereLight flashing, alarm beepingParty cart hauls assSecurity cart peels outTurns out another EE riced out the security cartStart chasing around the factorySecurity cart spins outParty cart vanishes outsideIt’s like Fast and Furious But with four fat white guys, a pissed-off black security chick, and riced-out golf carts
811250be mebe 21work constructionironworker for a while nowget in with the union and go to indiana for great paying jobbenefits up front, fuckyeahmanI get to fly the rebar onto the build site for all the incoming trucks because my uncle is foremanfeelsgoodman.jpegall my coworkers are jelly af because I get chill ass part of jobhave to blow shitty whistle everytime I fly something over with the crane because the safety inspector is a fucking racist faggot something about minimizing liabilitiesokmanwhateveryousay.exewhistle like a mofo to let everyone know, but some idiots that are shoveling a hole under the swing of the boom don't move whistle consistently, but hillbilly fuckers don't move, they must have skoal in their ears or somethingsignal crane operator to stop fucking several tons of premium carbon steel suspended in midair"get the fuck out of the way man"faggots stare up like turkeys in the rain, then finally movecrane proceedsnow onto the next bundle..start flying that shit over, but someones mommy must have had too much moonshine during their gestation period idiots don't fucking move, so I just signal for the crane to proceedkeep doing this for a few bundlesawildsafetyinspectorappears.gbcguy starts telling me shit, yelling about blah blah blahwait for him to finishtell him that billy and bob hear the whistle, but apparently they don't know what the fuck it means"better go minimize that liability friend"shuts him right the fuck up, then he gets in his shitty golf cart to go yell at the sister-fuckersitwasagoodday.jpegManual labor isn't fun by any means, but fuck there has to be more of a requirement for new hires. Some of these guys walk around like fucking drones and don't know what the fuck is going on around them.
817897Some of these guys walk around like fucking drones and don't know what the fuck is going on around them.I'd bet money that they're pill heads. Half the construction workers I've met are.
817912The other half are drunks.
817889that's just brilliant, I can picture it perfectly
817972817912Doing soul and body crushing construction work. Staying sober.Pick one
working in analytical chem lab while in undergradinvestigating how various carcinogens interact with DNAwe get the best results using infrared spectroscopy at very low temperaturesnational science foundation gives us sixty grand to play around withwe order a super nice polarizer for our spectroscope, manufactured by some artisan firm in Europe who normally work on Swarovski rifle opticsthe glass in this polarizer has to be custom cut and fused together to fit our machinethis polarizer, about the size of a matchbox, costs a full 20 grand out the doortakes like three weeks to be manufactured, another two be shipped all the way to us in CaliforniaI sign for the package, and it takes me like half an hour to unpack this thing super gingerlymy professor demands to see it, I say it's on the bench and tell him to pick it up because I don't want to have to hand it to him myselfhe holds it up to the window to try to see the sunlight turn through itimmediately fucking drops itshatters into a huge chunksprofessor just smiles at me, and says "money well spent by the NSF"
818032all the sober guys work on the powerplants and projects like that around here the plants all piss test people randomly day they also randomly breathalyzed people coming in the morning if you failed either you are banned for life from working for duke energy the work is good and pretty easy but the hours suck 7 days a week 10-12 hours a day till the shutdown is over
Was a zookeeper for about 5 years.Saw the maintenance SUPERVISOR cut himself out of a tree with a chainsaw, cut a tree down on top of a bench narrowly missing a BUILDING, and what finally made me loose my shit and throw him out of any area I was in was when he called me while I was at home to ask me how to bleed the self bleeding hydraulic system on our compact tractor. I had to yell at him over the phone to keep him from killing himself.
818032Yeah, with the union there are usually a good number of druggies. The most I ever did was smoke weed, because it made my back feel better. Some of those fuckers were on amphetamines and steroids. They'll burn out before they know it and get themselves killed. If only construction wasn't so shitty on the body.
811250at furniture factorynewfag driving semi apparently doesn't know you need to make wide cornersruns trailer over pole to mark the edge of the corner for when there's snowworse, the base of the pole is 2'x2'x2' square box of concrete and it gets lodged under his axles"anon, trailer is empty, can you get a forklift and lift it off?"explain the forklifts can lift 4000# and the back is 7000-8000# empty."please, I don't want trucking company to fire me"get a friend and another forklift, mainly because I wanted to get rid of this truck and get homelift it offwhile it's up in the air I can see the airlines and controls for the rear breaks are trashed, that truck isn't going anywherekek!, "your problem now, dumbass"
815053816438815605Amerifat here. This kind of stuff really depends on the corporate culture and management. Some places like mine are scared shitless of lawsuits and OSHA fines and they have taken safety way too far. I fucking hate wearing neon vests and safety glasses everywhere, when common sense would tell a reasonably smart person the vest is for traffic areas and glasses are for power tools. Next the idiots at corporate will have us wearing fall protection harnesses for walking around on the ground.  they were training a Korean guy to operate the grinder. Part of the 'official' way to clear jams from this thing was to stick your arm up the exit chuteLost in translation was that you need to turn off the machine first, he lost his arm up past the elbowThis really sucks but the ultimate answer is not to hire foreigners who can't speak the language. His share of the blame was no common sense and he shouldn't have got in way over his head.
815696Not so deadly, but...I ran this kind of combinehot as hell outside, AC blasting inside, like room tempget out to pick up sticks and shit in the waygo back inthe door is almost 100% glass except hinges and handleI push the button and it EXPLODES, as in no piece left is more than a 1/4"x1/4" cube.I spend a couple seconds FREAKING out, thinking someone was shooting at me.nope, I'm not James Bond, don't have those problemsdecide later that the temperature difference inside vs. out, plus sloppy assembly made it blow up when the latch clickedwhen we got the replacement door, rubber washers and grommets were used to insulate the glass from any shock from the metal parts$100 bet says that the factory workers forgot one or badly fit it so the metal was in direct contact with glass and it never was a problem until the crazy temperature differential that day
811999strength of a gorilla, matched with the temperament of a blind feral cat.As the father of a 17 year old Autistic boy I would like to tell you...[spoiler]that this is 100% accurate.[/spoiler]
tales from the fab floorworking in manufacturing facility as IT, place has 400 workers in its hayday.welderspaint shop with ovens big enough to bake a trucklaser cutterevery bender and bolter imaginable and so much more...and that motherfucking DEBURR room. Or I should say rooms, two of them.one room for ALUMINUM ONLY and another for STEEL ONLY!!! Big fucking signs on the doors, giant vent systems going to separate ventilation systems. Theres a fucking reason for this people!Mexicans hired to cut cost, 5 mexicans working deburr room, mexicans nto big on following the rules it turns out.when unsupervised all the different metals get deburred in one room so they can talk and fuck around while grinding metal.weeks pass, nobody was paying attention.I hear alarms go off in the back, I charge out of my server room along with a couple of the other supervisors and head to the back.Smoke just pouring out of one of the quarter million dollar ventilation systems attached to the deburr rooms.chemistry mode kicks in; [spoiler]Oh shit you niggers did not![/spoiler]Were screaming at people to get back, fire extinguishers are rushed to us from all directions and that god damn VP shows up screaming about is ventilation system.somebody with welding gloves starts ripping out the 3 foot long tubular filters, and yep they are burning.Extinguishers unleashed from all directions, my mental note; [spoiler]uh that aint gonna do shit.[/spoiler]extinguishers spent the VP yells at the mexicans to roll the filters on to a pallet jack get them out of the building.burned mexicans everywhere, i'm shaking my head at the wonders of chemistry, outside the fire keeps growing and proceeds to destroy a very expensive new pallet jack.when the fire department showed up I talked to the chief and told them what got mixed up in the filters, they waited until the last of it was spent before dousing the molten mass with water. Kids, dont mix your metals in deburr.
818067
818185What is thermite?
818185But the mexicans saved us so much money!WHY CAN'T I PAY MY WORKERS $5/HOUR FOR $25/HOUR WORK?I would have said $15, but $15 is the new minimum wage in LA!
818192But the mexicans saved us so much money!The $250,000 filtration system would beg to differ, it was NOT covered under warranty for that kind of damage as it turned out.The VP was an unbelievable asshole who hated mine and most peoples guts. Cut corners in very crazy ways, bought his way into VP by buying up stock in the company when he inherited a big inheritance, he was a fucking welder just before that with zero executive experience. Once had me install a camera system but wanted to pay absolute bottom dollar on it, hell bottom dollar was his catch phrase practically. Deburr room caught fire again a year later, same thing.Still this isnt the crazies thing to happen at work, just at that job. This is less crazy than the 1 day I worked at a animal research lab for UT. That was fucking soul crushing shit, I didnt even want my paycheck at the end of the day, I just wanted the fuck out of there.
818194Ooooh, was it vivisections?
818185I saw what was gonna happen the moment you said "steel only" and "aluminum only".Thermite is nasty shit.
Work in a massive chemicals warehouse/exit storageGet shit from all over the worldUsually it comes in a sealed container or cabinThis time we get 2 ducktaped drums from india Very clear and whiteCan see some sort of corpse inside each oneThey're fucking monkeys that'd been tested for breathing within birthfluidTold to ignore them and pack them for breakdownHold on, another couple of drums shows upThese are fucking big drums, each with about 16 monkeys in them eachNothing to completely close the top, red liquid freely bubbles outmanager breaks out bio-hazard equiptmentFinally get last drum, we'd been storing them in a shipping container so farAccidentally drop its because its lighter than the others and we'd been using an electric pallete jack instead of a clawdriveLid opens, goo everywhereFucking human toddler slides out into gooNone of these were monkeys, but kidsThey were all albino lookingManager gets chemical spill kit, tells us all to shut the fuck up Throws toddler back into drumHe starts crying''WE'RE FUCKED. WE'RE ALL FUCKED''I leave and go homeWe don't talk about it much. What the fuck were they doing to those kids?
818222w-what happened after?
818222/x/ go home, and tell your mum to keep the fucking gate to the yard shut.
813363could you explain what you mean by line and bit?
818222what the fuck
814253That's a OSHA violation, report it to your manager. If you don't feel safe and your boss isn't doing anything about it you should report it
818222None of these were monkeys, but kids
818222well this will not be topped in this thread or any other I believe.
817897hires new peopledon't explain whistle to them ahead of timethinks they're the idiotsI've had bosses pull that "You're an idiot because you didn't know something I didn't tell you about." You don't train your people, blame yourself.
818208Ooooh, was it vivisections?Actually the animals getting killed and tortured en-masse was bad enough. But the moment I went in to clean the baboon room....I had a life changing moment with 12 big ass baboons surrounding me while I tried to clean out the pen. Twelve stir crazy psychotic baboons who have been cooped up for decades. The rest of it was bad enough but that was my final fuck that moment. Six dollars an hour was not enough for that shit, Sixty dollars an hour would not have been enough.
818185Your VP should have gotten a bit of cruft from both systems, and a piece of thick steel. Show them the steel draw a little stickman on it, mix the cruft, melt a hole through it, show them that separate deburr rooms are srs business.
817826I made it a point to become friends with everyone that my grandparents knew specifically to get my hands on their 1940 era tools.
816454the point is, unionization is what caused non-union to always be treated like that. It's like a fat kid being mad that there are too many calories in cake. The reason the kid is fat, isnt because cake has too many calories, but because the kid chooses to eat said calories. Non-union gets treated like shit because unions have forced so many rules and regulations into their respective industries, which come with their own costly bureaucracies, that most businesses cant afford to be reasonable when they dont "have" to be.
be around 12yoworking with my dad in the summer holidays in a small industrial/warehouse estatesuddenly loud banging next doorhysterical man shouting a the top of his voice trying to get through the metal rollershutters with a pick-axe from outsidedad tells me to go back insidefast forward some minutes I go back outside when it was all quietsee ambulance crew bringing body out with sheet covering headthe man is hysterical stillTurns they were father and son roofers, son had gone through the roof, fell about 100ft onto metal machinery inside the building, killed right out, I think he too was working with his dad during the holidays as he was around 15-16yo.It was the weekend so he couldn't get through to his son as the building was closed, hence the pick-axe.That must have been a good 25 years ago now.I wonder how he broke the news to his wife/sons motherI'll never forget that day.
818391Not a big fan of American History I see.There is a reason workers in this country snapped one day and started banding together, and it was not because of communism. It is because until someone in power is forced to stop with the threat of equal power or violence, they will fuck over a group of human beings as much as they can get away with. This is a truth that never changes, ever. Ever in history, or the bible.
818067
816454The company I work for in Texas only hires non-union electricians. Our competitors only hire non-union. I get treated extremely well and everyone in the industry down here does. I could quit today and go to another job making the same money tomorrow, so why the fuck would my employer treat me like shit?However I do understand that for the laziest, shittiest employees that a union is still necessary since you are replaceable by literally anyone.
818325its general knowledge that whistles on the job means load overhead
818508i've never worked on a job where loads were moved by crane... I'd never heard this before...that being said I've never worked on a construction site or other area where loads would be lifted over my head....
81834912 big ass baboons surrounding me while I tried to clean out the penI'm sorry, but were you raped?
818067I've been saving images on 4chan for nearly a decade and I don't have an image which can convey my reaction to this post. What the fuck. Did you order another one or just say "fuck it"?
813545wendingoherne is from britton
818185separate aluminum/steel grindingwhat's the big deal?mixing metals usually only a big problem with an electrolyte involvedit's not like-grindingpowderaluminumrusty steelOhhhhhhh yeaaaaahhh...
817851Customer's cable no workyLocate ground fault in cable.Customer "Hey I got an excavator I'll dig that up for you."Fuckit, sure*brrrn beeep beep beep chug chug*Pulls up... something. Like 4" downWhat the fug, even our skeeziest contractors would never bury the cable 4" down in clear dirt like this.Other guy I'm working with boggles and goes to grab it, looks sort of like old-ass AB cable"Don't touch that! That's my power!'customer braided his own wire from old 16g non insulated phone wire.customer made his own splice to his mains.covered it in a black tubecovered tube in PVCThis was what he pulled up. Luckily it broke at the T yes, the T in his buried mains line so there was no powerWhat the fug man.Found the cable though. It was woven inbetween his phases.
818546Not him but I would have the balls to call up the only place in the world that can make that equipment and tell them you need another one just like it."What happened to the first one?" "Manager shit on it."
818520Right, and like me, if were hired tomorrow on such a job, we wouldn't know till numbnuts runs over and starts screaming like an idiot. He lacks people skills. This is what happens when family gets promoted without proving themselves.
818644I have a buddy who used to be a electrical lineman, now he's a supervisor, but this happened when he still did real workHeavy thunderstorm, customers losing powerhe goes to a known outagefinds the blown fuse, used to protect the transformerbefore replacing fuse, he has to find the causehe's driving along the power lines looking for the problem when he finds a tree branch hanging, just close enough to the ground to cause a short with the groundfiguring there's no power, should be safe to just grab the branch and pull it off the linestops, thinks for a second, then proceeds to put on all protective gear before touching the branchthe branch is charged, 12,000 volts chargedhe heads further down the linefarmer had his generator running, back feeding into the grid, across one transformer that was taking it up to 12,000 volts to where that branch wasSome DIYers do not know when to call professionals.
813603Wall has 3.5' of footingWHAT THE FUCK MATE.Hah. Reminds me of our front walkway. We had our sewer line replaced a year and a half ago. The contractor had to tear out the front walk, dig a few feet down, replace the line, and then put everything back.About three or four months later we had a huge void develop under the walkway. Almost a foot deep for about 15 feet of walkway. The whole thing would have caved in except for a little six inch line of dirt that held the whole thing up. Turns out that the contractor had rushed the job in order to get on to another job, and he took full responsibility.This guy researches some fixes, doesn't want to tear out the whole thing and replace. He ends up rigging up a contraption to blow quick-dry cement mix under the walkway with a fuckhuge compressor. Ends up blowing about 40 bags of cement mix under the sidewalk.Someone is going to tear that out one day and find that they've got a foot thick sidewalk to remove with a soft powdery center. It's not going to be me.
818649Using a suicide cord with a generator is one thing, folks, but you've got to remember to flip the breaker into your house so you don't kill the poor bastard sent out to fix the outage.
818656This is why you do it the right way. You might be the slickest bastard in the world, but if the consequences of "I forgot" is that someone dies, you're doing it wrong.
working retail and salesman at the same time with shit paycustomer comes in, some old manhe wants some foodis confused where he's atshow him where the snacks are'I want chocolate'ok here'I want a snickers without peanuts'there is no such thing what the fuckclaims he is allergictry to explain it to himhe's just getting more and more angrytry to explain he will die if he eats onetakes the snickers from the rack and starts eating itI ring it up and wait for him to pay he SPITS the shit on the table'AAH IT'S GOT PEANUTS'throws money and leavesFuck old people and fuck downtown stores
818393jesus christ
i'll relay a couple of my dad's paramedic stories.he gets called in to a head on collision on the highwaycar hit so hard the dash was pushed up towards the seat, hitting driver's kneesdislocated both femursdad looks behind seattwo femoral heads sticking out of the back of driver's seatthe guy lived
818667I'm going to be a nightmare when I get old. I'll spend the next 50 years coming up with plans. 75 hits, bam! Five decades of pentup hijinx harassment.
818671https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itHm5xmmYDU
have shit forklift at workshit breaks down every 3 usesnew coworker wants to learn how to use itI refuse to learn it since I don't want to die with minimal wageboss is teaching himit's fucking up, boss is trying to fix it for himI look in the windowhe is flooring it to the storage room, my boss is hanging on the sideshit looks like a cartoonbarely skims beside the gatewayrush the fuck outsidestops right before he hits the wall in the storage roomconfirm that I will never learn that forkliftCould have ended a lot worse.
818654in 2000 years society will have broken down, and then reformed several times, future anthropologists will discover the eroded mass of concrete in the area where your home once stood, and decide that it must have been a site of great importance... their will be people who dedicate their entire lives to understanding it... papers will be written, theories will be postulated and then disproven....top kek
818679
818675SuaruImplyingHeard you were talkin' shit like I wouldn't find out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6prtCtxk1ho
818685damn finns
811379I recently baught an adustable "Cresent " brand wrench with an optional lock on it. I'm really disappointed with it, locks like butt town
818667Snickers without peanutsIt's called a Milky Way Mars Bar for you Gyrocucks ya doofus.
818695But mars and milky way are two different bars
818685There is someone driving that car. What the fuck.Are these motherfuckers literally insane?
818698I've had both, and they taste identical. The only difference is the packaging.
818647if you took the osha 10 hour like you are supposed to you would know it
818701Polan doesnt afraid of anything
818677lol reminds me of.TALES FROM THE FAB FLOOR Part 2.VP has a new rule for all the fabs, all employees working on the floor have to take and pass forklift safety course and test. 1 hour course followed by 30 minute test on basic usage...not a big deal right?one of our workers is fucking blind. Nice enough guy but hardcore into getting all the required helpful shit hes supposed to get so he does the same job as everybody else.VP says no exceptions, figure hes trying to weed out some people. Workers like the blind guy a hellofa lot more than they do him.Cut to many weeks later, out with the execs as they do their "monthly inspection" with the managers of the fab floor, trying to look like they do something I suppose."A WILD BLIND NEGRO DRIVING A FORKLIFT APPEARS!On the side of the forklift is one of the supervisors, he's screaming:LEFT LEFT LEFT, STRAIT, STRAIT, Slow RIGHT, TURN HARD LEFT IN 3 SECONDS, STOP, FORKS UP!They fucking barely miss the 8 man inspection team, I am barely containing my shit while smoking my cig.Turns out he had passed the test a week before and they were just moving shit to the inspection racks.Motherfucking CEO turns to one of the other guys in suits "Was that...a blind man driving a forklift????" Fucking CFO my boss who was awesome without missing a beat lights his ciggerette and says "Yes sir we have a strict EOC following, now if you come with me to the paint room we will show you the improvements".I had to sit back and finish my cig because I was just about to die laughing.
8187102/10 made me reply
818942hurr durr he's right but I have to save face on this Ethiopian Smorgasbord I'll just post 2/10 made me reply
818958this might be a european/US marketing scheme.US on the left includes caramel, just like a mars bar.The one on the right looks like what we'd call a 'three musketeers'
818976derp
818958you're a complete fucking retard. First of all i'm not even the anon you were talking to, and second of all, as 818979 pointed out, mars bars clearly have a layer of caramel on top
818397Recent history shows the unions getting so powerful and entitled that they are insane. One place I used to work for went on strike for: among other things but this seemed to be #1 or #2Promotions should be given only on basis of seniority.One guy there was illiterate, but near to becoming a department manager.How can't Democrats or even union shills see that this is a recipe for disaster that will kill all your jobs?!? I've had many managers who run the scale from I liked them, to want to kill them. I can say I did better with people who were legitimately smarter than me, and I respected them. There is nothing worse than taking orders from a fool and you can see the train wreck coming ahead.
818997UnionDriving company equipment on drugsEVERYONE sees him stumble out of car, manager, foreman, engineer, director.Fails drug testFired for 2 months.Gets his job back, union boss brags 'he's never had anyone lose their job'Everyone he works with, including other union members fucking hate working with him because he hasn't done anything in years except collect overtime for doing fucking nothing.
818725so were back to your hiring people who aren't properly trained? or did the guy just lie about taking the class?
818981You've obviously never had a Milky Way. They've got caramel in them, dipshit. Three Musketeers don't.
819005818997Hired by regional service company that does business in 3 states and has about two dozen locationsNon-union position6 month probationary period were I can be laid off without cause or recourse and earn no benefitsManager loves me, we get along wellDo good work, no complaints, show up every day on time, never late or sick5 months 15 days in, laid offManager says he had no choice in the decision, was from on high. Gave be glowing letter of recommendationReason given, not enough work for meFor two weeks before I was asked to do extra shifts because they were slammedFew days later see a job listing for similar work, no company listedCall them up, low and behold its the same company hiring for the same position in the same locationCall unemployment office to complainIn my state alone there are 110 cases under investigation where this company hires people and lays them off before they can become benefited or have job security and re-lists the job immediately. In the last 2 years they have had more unemployment claims made against them then they currently have people on staff.Some unions are fuckers, like where I'm currently employed. Useless pricks that take $60 a month from me and give me nothing. Others are overzealous greedy douchebags. They are a necessary evil though and if you can keep them somewhere between useless fucks and greedy fucks they perform a valuable service. No union is just as bad as a useless union or shitbag union.
817853Working on grounds of a mental hospitalThe loons liked our hi viz gear, would often steal our hiviz vests and hard hats if we left them by the gate to go to lunch.One day the loons came out in all our gear and got the job done on time..
819013all the jobs I work require it its part of being in the union I have my osha 30
812011I've got a related onebe carpenter, working with a good friendjust finished putting isolation on the roofsuddendly starts to rainproceed to quickly cover all the roof with plastic sheets to protect said isulationon the way down friend goes trough the roof, forgot there was a hole for a windowfell 12 feet flat on his backmfw not a scratch, went right back to workmfw he fell on the one spot that wasn't riddled with tools, ladders, bricks and shit
819027I think you might be living the life of Shutter Island
Not my story but, happened in the school I work in. School has special section for kids with mental disorders. There is Harold, a guinnea pig, which is like the class mascot, all kids love him. One day teatcher is with other kids and that one kid who has a work to do has finished. Wants attention from teacher, tells teacher he's done. Teacher says that he has to wait and he'll come and see him when he's done with the other pupils. Kid is upset, wants the teacher to come right now. Grab Harold, goes in front of teacher and the other kids. Stare at teacher straight in the eye. Screams like crazy and brutally twists Harold's head in front of the entire class.
819026They are a necessary evil though and if you can keep them somewhere between useless fucks and greedy fucks they perform a valuable service. No union is just as bad as a useless union or shitbag union.Your logical and reasoned thinking has no place here on 4chan, are you lost? Someone as intelligent as you should not have gotten so lost this easily.
811250We were playing Charlie Charlie game, and a glass bottle broke in two.
811999Hey, I do that, too. You're a para, aren't you?
818649stops, thinks for a second, then proceeds to put on all protective gear before touching the branchSounds like he's experienced this before, then
 doing tile in new houses one of 3 white people in the area that do tile mexicans usually piss in the bathtubs instead of doing it outside. imagine piss in standing water, inside an house with no A/C in the heat of a Texas summer. The stench was putrid.  working on a friday morning at 5am, start bringing equipment into house the second i walk in the door my nose and eyes start burning from the smell drop my shit and go get respirator and swimming goggles i carry for just this occasion finish scraping and prepping the rest of the house, saving the downstairs bathroom for last decide to nut up and just try to get the bathroom prepped as fast as possible walk in the bathroom bathtub is literally full to the brim, with piss, shit, dirt, a couple dead rodents and a cat with a crossbow bolt in its neck/head.idontgetpaidenoughforthis.jpg  bathroom was relatively small so i try to finish quickly.next thing i know i wake up outside with some mexican guys gathered around me smacking my face smell got through the respirator apparently and i didnt notice. Made me pass out while using a nailgun, some mexican guy who was installing cabinets heard a crash and dragged me out of the house and him and his co-wrokers were trying to wake me up. I went to the doctor as well and i didnt seem to have any permanent damage. I no longer do tile.
814131Death grips. Yee my nigga
819177what is charlie charlie?
818391non union is treated like shit because they are retarded goofs the job im on im a union carpenter doing finish workthe contractor hired a bunch of non union mexicans to do metal studs and drywallnothing is on centernothing is square nothing done by them is done once they have to do it 3-5 times and its still fucked upI just spent 4 hours today sheeting a tiny soffit thats 16"x79" on one end and 16 5/8th on the other end and 17 in the center I had to cut my sheets close then get them into place and scribe a line and cut it again in the lift also union guys have to follow a shit ton of rules or they will get run off the non union guys violate osha rules multiple times a day
Not very craziest but u know, closest thing to an accident I've come.be working at a company that sells lightbulbs and other lights for vechilesrecieves alot of returns for xenon ballastsneeds to be testedco worker is stupid just stupid, like dumbgoes tro try a xenon ballastsomehow manages to act as a connection between the lamp and the ballast 25kV shockhe just got chocked but was fine.Lesson: don't add power until everyone is clear
, 
, 
My backweel on my k3 kickboard is broken.What glue should i use to fix it?Can i fix it ?
819232You really don't want that to come unglued while you're riding it. Plus if you glue it back in out of alignment, it will wear itself back out very fast.Just get a new wheel.
819235i think i look on amazon
819232JB Weld, full strength not the JB Quick.
Old thread:806660I'm new to electronics, where do I get started? There are several good books that are commonly recommended for beginners and those wanting to learn more. There are also plenty of good Youtube channels that teach about the basics as well as advanced concepts. The best way to get involved in electronics is just to make stuff. Don't be afraid to get your hands dirty. Take something apart or build something you find cool on one of the many electronics websites.What books are there?Beginner books:Getting Started in Electronics Forrest Mims IIIMake: Electronics Charles PlattHow to Diagnose and Fix Everything Electronic Michael Jay GreierIntermediate books:All New Electronics Self-Teaching Guide by Harry Kybett, Earl BoysenPractical Electronics for Inventors by Paul Scherz and Simon MonkAdvanced books:The Art of Electronics by Paul HorowitzWhat Youtube channels are there?mljorton the bald fag0t: youtube.com/watch?v=F_5sV8s9ZEA$50 Multimeters: youtube.com/watch?v=ZoeUgMFLyAwSoddering: youtube.com/watch?v=vIT4ra6Mo0sTools: youtube.com/watch?v=R_PbjbRaO2ENeon Night: youtube.com/watch?v=m6IHVlwL_N0What websites feature electronics projects? Where can I get ideas for projects?adafruit.com/instructables.com/tag/type-id/category-technology/makezine.com/category/electronics/Where do I get components and lab equipment from?digikey.comjameco.com/sparkfun.com/ramseyelectronics.com/allelectronics.com/futurlec.com/ladyada.net/library/procure/hobbyist.htmlmouser.comalliedelec.comnewark.comebayWhat circuit sim software do you use?This mostly comes down to personal preference. These are the most common ones though:NI MultisimLTSpiceCircuitLabiCircuit for MacsWhat software should I use to print circuitsCircuit WizardExpressPCBEAGLE
Obligatory complaining about the OP post.
816073Why you complaining, son?Everythings 'been fine-tuned at the moment
Which book/books would you suggest for antennas and antenna design?
816071Start with audio oscillators instead, it's very interesting and rewarding816078antenna construction are cool too but theory is definitively not
816086antennaDon't we have neural nets that can design antennas antennae? for us now? Check the NASA open source thingy, they might have released the software for the antenna generator.
Finished, wee.
816071That picLook at those children hunched over with eyes about two feet from what they're working on and their faces in the fumes. When you're doing precision work like soldering things get much easier when your table is up at shoulder level.My little brother won at skills canada soldering by always putting down a stack of textbooks instead of hunching over on a regular school desk like the other children.
I'm looking for a cheap solution to detect linear displacement. The application is basically a piston moving up and down a shaft, the position of the piston needs to be reported at a reasonably high rate 500hz. An LVDT or a string pot is too expensive. Any ideas?
Is there a way to buy the ESP8266 IC only?I can only find the entire board in Mouser, Digikey, Sparkfun, etc.
816280You can but the standalone chip is ususally more expensive than the full board. I personally buy esp8266-01's and simply add 2x4 pin female headers to my boards.http://es.aliexpress.com/store/product/Free-shipping-ESP8266-new-version-of-the-chip-erial-WIFI-wireless-module-wireless-transceiver/431798_2036281998.html
816277Some optical thingy, either analog or digital?Inductor with a moving core?Capacitive measurement?More info needed.
816283I can't understand why a single separate chip can cost more than a whole dev board.
816288Probably because they get it cheaper for buying it in super large quantities. buying 1 single chip is always "expensive".
816277an optical mouse would detect shaft movement or a stick attached to the shaft if you could decode the USB or serial data. I think some mice can do 500 updates per second.
816328or you could use the mouse wheel, and simply count pulses, no decoding required.
816071He changed the youtube channelsWhy? you left out some good channels.
816342Obligatory complaining about the OP post.
816384Of course I'm going to complain if you make it worse.
Is there a good way to measure the inductance of unknown inductors? I have a bunch I've salvaged but I need a certain inductance value for a circuit I'm building. I read of how to do it with an oscilloscope but I don't have one of those on hand.
816071I made my own post about this but I should've just used this general, my bad.I was about to order these pixels for my matrix project:http://www.aliexpress.com/item/12mm-UCS1903-WS2811-similar-to-WS2801-pixel-module-IP66-IP68-waterproof-DC5V-full-color-50pcs-a/1269951567.htmlAnybody see anything wrong with them?I see that they are either UCS1903 IP66 or WS2811 IP68, but I chose WS2811 because they are more documented/what I was looking for.And the 10 lumens max on white kinda scares me, I'm not too familiar with lumens but it seems dimmer than I was hoping.And the broken English...Basically, am I getting cheated/scammed in any way for this purchase? The shipping is domestic, not from ChinaWould I be able to return these easily if it were a scam? I've never used AliExpress
814749814784Me again. As it turns out, I won't be able to do a symmetrical power supply since I don't have enough room in the case I really want to use.So, I'll just stick with 12v and upgrade as soon as I need more voltage or do the wall wart thing the other anon suggested.Also, a side note about the snapped fuse on the side... I tried to cut a piece of that PCB off so I could squeeze my perfboard in there but unfortunately I snapped the fuse connector in half so I'll have to resolder that somewhere. I'll post pics once I'm done. I also ordered a nibbler online so I could cut more holes in my case for my voltmeter panel
816432Here's the front of my case, it's an old KVM switch. I really like the look of it.
816387You could build an inductance meter. IIRC this design 816098 measures inductors as well and isn't that complex.Or you could buy an inductance meter. China cheap.Or if you want to nigger-rig something, you can try using your PC as a signal generator/oscilloscope combination. This limits your inductance range, though.The thing is that pretty often inductance value alone isn't enough to tell if the inductor is suitable.Personally I salvage only small inductors which have inductance values marked on them. They're bit more predictable.
816434816432Welp, I soldered everything together except for the regulator portion and everything seems to work well. Better than I expected, to boot. My fluke wasn't flickering between voltages very much. It was consistently at 18.6v which is actually higher than I thought I'd get out of it. I was expecting around 14v at most. 816453I decided to use a power choke I found inside an old power supply. The PSU I took it from was a 12v supply I believe and their filter looked similar to mine so I'm going to assume this one is good enough.
816453Yup, Inductance too.
816478Sir Tripfaggot, if that's a single-layer air cored coil, your meter lies about three orders of magnitude.
816484What's the sort of value I should be expecting?I just coiled it up to see if anything shows up.The capacitance part of the meter is perfectly accurate though.
816484I used an online calculator thing to work out the rough value from the size and it's about right.
816487About microhenry, assuming your coil has around 15 turns and the diameter is 10mm or so.Find a better calculator. There are lots of them.
816487What's the sort of value I should be expecting?Goddamit, Swifts! For the love of god
816497Hmm, looks like you're right.Strange really, considering the first calculator is the first result on Google.
Well if you ignore the decimal point, the value is perfectly correct.Which is strange as hell.I wonder what I messed up...
Atleast one side works ;_;
Well.. I did some more testing.Found a coil with a core in it and once again used an internet calculator to work out the value, with the result being 11.4 mHAssuming I calculated this correctly.
I have a chip that needs programming and I want to make a separate board that attaches the programmer to the chip without requiring the chip to be soldered down. I don't want to order a socket from china because that will take forever. I'm thinking of cutting a chip sized section out of some perfboard and layering it on top of another perfboard then filling in the holes on the bottom of the bottom perfboard with solder. I'm worried that my soldering won't be level with the chip and it won't make solid connections. Does anyone have any more reliable ideas?
816587Do you have a breadboard?Why not use that. You'll end up buying one eventually anyways.
816589you can buy a stack of 10 perfboards for 3 bucks + they are more compact which is important if you aren't planning on redoing the prototype board
816530That doesn't sound exactly convincing either. Instead of using the ferrite material's permeability, you have to use the core's effective permeability. It's pretty low, since the magnetic circuit is mostly air. Effective permeability of around 10 would be typical.www.magneticsgroup.com/pdf/erods.pdf
816597I'll be in school tomorrow, so I'll have access to a proper LC meter and I'll do some testing with that.It's really strange though, I re-checked my components and everything is as it should be.Also as far as I can tell the only calibration options I have are for fixing up the Capacitance reading, which came out basically perfect the moment I fired it up.
816601a proper LC meterYeah, much better idea than playing with math.Assuming the design is what I think it is, I don't remember seeing any other calibration options than the reference capacitor, either.
816593Not him but, 10 perfboards for $3? Hows the quality on them and how big? I just bought these and I thought these were quite cheap. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ARTP1J4/ref=od_aui_detailpages00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Turns out my zener breaks down at 15v. I put 16 through it and my pot let the magic smoke out. That'll teach me not to use zeners when I need to use rectifying.
What's a decent soldering station for 230v yuros? I currently have a garbage weller firestarter that literally melts its own tips and corrodes in less than 10 seconds making it unusable. I'd really like to just buy a Hakko FX888D but the 230v version is way too difficult to get and I feel like i'm getting scammed when the 110v version is so cheap in comparison. My budget is about 250$
816628Not him, but IME those really cheap phenolic perfboards are pretty nasty and make it difficult to form good joints.816703Weller make good stations eg. wesd51 and you can find tips and spares everywhere. Have a look at Ayoue, they have a decent presence in Europe.
816677I put 16 through it and my pot let the magic smoke out.
816743Eh those perf boards are nice for quick and dirty projects. Especially when you're on a budget. I don't have a job atm so my disposable income is pretty much zilch.816745As it turns out, it wasn't the diode. I thought it was at first but I actually had the Adj and Vout on my regulator flipped. Oops.
816703There are several people on the ineterwebs that have converted 110v FX888Ds for just this reason. It seems to be a pretty simple coil swap. Maybe look into that? Heres a link that might be useful.http://blog.bogpeople.com/2014/09/hakko-fx888d-110v-to-220v-conversion.html
Aight, first time fucking around with timers. Decided to dick around in multisim first before burning out any real pain in the ass to drive to the store right now I have no idea why this ain't making the LED blink. Can someone enlighten me?
Take every form of math, then take intro to being a stupid cunt in electronics. You'll understand everything. None of this 'hole flow' bullshit or 15 element communications equations so you can balance an FM transmitter.MATH ASSHOLE.
816793http://denethor.wlu.ca/common/capacitor_polarity.pdf ?
If you're asking about "electronics" what you're really saying is technician. You don't want that. Go for Electrician, you'll make way more money and your job is secure. If you're mathematically inclined do electrical engineering with a shit load in CS.
816703Is cgi.ebay.com/181748605528 a fake?The price looks very reasonable.
Before I plug this in, this is how this is supposed to go right? Don't want to explode my apartment.Fuse is 1 amp fast blow. please be gentle
816800If its brand new then go for it. Looks legit hakko816801Whats the purpose of that thing?
816802Just to step down mains to 24 VAC.
816530That can't be right OP L should be much higher.
816801Looks correct to me. Usually you use brown for active and blue for neutral America/China/Australia but if you are the only one maintaining this then all good. Potentially insulate the solder joints on IEC connector.Perform smoke test if you're confident the transformer is wired correctly. Use a long cable and wear glasses, transformers do expload if wired incorrectly
816801816805816808Oh also you don't need the center tap of the transformer. Its two sets of 12 volts, so just measure red - red
816808Yeah this is just a personal prototype. And all I had was black wire.transformers do explodeBecause I wasn't already afraid to plug it in...I just noticed that it says 120 VAC in. Just to make sure, that's safe for US mains right?
816809My ultimate intent is to use this to build a proper split supply. After regulation and smoothing I don't think I'll get much more than +7 VDC and -7 VDC out of it.
816814Alright I plugged it in and turned it on. 31.5 VAC with no load on it between red and red, which is nominal for this transformer.What other fun shit can I do with a 24 volt transformer?
816827I have a dual negative/positive supply I built out of a 30v transformer with center tap that I made. Case is a computer power supply which was fried, parts are all scavenged from work. I have led voltmeters to put on the front but I'm lazy.
816846I have a nice 2-gang potentiometer that I might use to make the whole thing adjustable. As far as the enclosure goes, I'm thinking about finishing it functionally, then keeping with the wood thing. Maybe dovetail a nice box, have a hatch with cabinet hinges. So you could open it up to a sort of wooden ring to be accessed from both sides. Probably overkill.but wood has a terrible--It's 30 volts. Not too worried about dielectric breakdown.I also want to add another switch between the 24 VAC and the regulator, and a few indicator lights.Where do you get those panel voltmeters?
816849Well now I know what that sounds like...
How would I go about troubleshooting this circuit? Specifically the mosfets two 8-pin and one 16-pin.I've checked the capacitors and they're all going fine.
816889If the surrounding circuit prevents you from checking them, then you need to temporarily remove them.The most typical failure mode would be a short circuit.
816896Which pins do I want to check to see if it's got a short circuit?
816898It doesn't matter how they are shorted. There shouldn't be shorts between source, drain or gate.If they're burned, drain-source short is quite likely, though. Keep the gate connected to source when checking drain-source short.
816901Using diode test with a DMM everything circled in white connects to eachother negative or positive it doesn't matter. If I put negative anywhere on the white and positive on the red it also connects but not vice-versa.
816903You can expect a parasitic diode from source to drain, but it's just a diode, not a short.Find the datasheet for your fets, so that you don't need to guess what is what.
sup /diy/, I'm a bit of a noob when it comes to fixing electronics in general although not clueless, so bear with me.I recently inherited a fuckhuge CRT projector for literally nothing save the rugburn on my knuckles from moving it. apparently it had a bulb out. I figured those wouldn't be too hard to replace. upon turning the TV on, I immediately noticed the lack of red. cool, so the red bulb is out. guess I'll open the TV and get a part number. so I take the big back off fairly painless, actually. and my little shit cat sits on the remote, turning the TV on I know, I know. I hear it fire up, and pic related happens.so the bulb very clearly isn't burnt out, unless projector TV bulbs operate differently or something. any ideas? it's a Zenith set.
My bathroom doesn't have any exhaust fan which is annoying and problematic. It does have this grate vent above the window though. I was thinking about slapping a couple 80mm PC fans on there to use as ventilation fans. What would be the best way to wire and power them?Thoughts?
816916A 12 volt power supply plugged into a wall outlet and wired to the fans.
816916replace the light fixture with one that incorporates a 120V socket, so you can plug in a 12V charger. alternately, if the fixture is large enough, you can wire a transformer inside it.
816916You want something like this: http://www.screwfix.com/c/bathrooms-kitchens/bathroom-extractor-fans/cat840654By time you've fiddled around putting a light with 120v sockets up which is dangerous in a room full of moisture you'd be better of doing it the proper way. Using computer fans is just a complete bodge.
816929Here any permanent cabling requires you to get an electrician in. I can't make any permanent alterations anyway.There's already a powerpoint below that window I can use.Do any of those extractor fans you linked run off wall sockets? If it's cheaper to go that route then I may as well.
Just a novice here trying to get my head around some basic concepts, in this diagram, that capacitor would charge to the reverse voltage of the diode and nomore yeah?
816966schottkyYou mean zener? Yes.
816968Fuck, Yes.
816966Yes, as long as the current is enough to make the diode work but not too high to destroy it.
816703816743816781I can get the:Hakko FX888D-S for 216$,OKI PS-900 for 284$, Ersa ANA 60 for 309$,Ersa RDS 80 for 310$or a generic xytronic for much less. Is it worth paying 100$ more for a Ersa? And is temperature control really that important? I'm asking because the OKI / Metcall soldering irons seem really nice.
816989is temperature control really that important?As a way to keep the tip temperature constant? It is a very nice feature, meaning that the iron won't overheat on standby or cool down excessively when soldering. It makes the whole "X watt iron" stuff irrelevant, as long as you have enough power for your biggest soldering jobs. It also means that you need to spend much less time on maintaining your tips, as they won't burn to shit in 10 minutes. Is it worth the money is something only you can decide.As a knob you can turn? Different people, different tastes. I rarely bother to change the temp, but some people like to do that, depending on the job in hand.
816992My thinking is that I will probably never change the temperature. So the OKI / Metcal soldering irons seem great.
816931They do once you put a plug on them.
816464Me again, doing a semi final test with everything in its case.https://youtu.be/YzckIRc9RngI was going to make a symmetrical power supply, but it seems that I don't have enough room in my case. Also, I'm still waiting on my diodes and my nibbler to come in so I won't be completely done with this half until then. I'll probably make a second separate power supply to use alongside this one rather than making two symmetrical power supplies inside one case. I may make the other power supply a switch mode power supply if I can get my hands on the parts then just use the two together if I need more voltage.
What happens when I just combine three 12v 17amp power rails? Will I get the equivalent of one 12v 51Amp cable?
817077Putting power sources in parallel isn't so simple. One will have a slightly higher voltage than the other two and be the main source of current for the load. Balancing resistors are how you fix this. With batteries the internal resistance is usually enough to take care of it for you.
816800Probably, I don't think Hakko does their manufacturing in China, but they're cloned out the ass there.
816989$310 for an RDS80 is taking the piss. http://www.amazon.de/dp/B0009QX386Otherwise it's an OK station, though changing tips when hot is a bit of a pain. Also consider buying second hand.
i have pic related. I need to send 0x38 to the lcd to get it to display 2 lines. LCD is currently uninitialized and only shows one dark line.pic sorta related. it doesnt show any data lines hooked up but trust me i got the data and control pins all connected. just never took a pic of it.I want to initialize it and set up the LCD so i can do cool things with it.How do i send a hex code to the LCD? Im trying to do it by simply saying P1OUT = 0x38. Would this work assuming i have everything wired correctly?Im using an MSP430 uC and a lumex 16x2 lcd display. Will post timing diagrams and initialization process from datasheet if necessary.
817302Im trying to do it by simply saying P1OUT = 0x38You need to clock it in to the right register. There are 3 additional pins for doing that.Will post timing diagrams and initialization process from datasheet if necessary.No. Google an example, if the datasheet is difficult to understand. There are lots and lots of them. Alternatively, google a datasheet for some other HD44780 based module, if your current datasheet is difficult to understand.
817302trust meI don't. Almost all character LCD displays use a HD47780 compatible controller, there's a literal fuckton of info and code available. If you can't even figure out Google, programming maybe isn't for you.
817308817308I know RS needs to be in instruction mode and R/W needs to be write.This means they both need to be low for this initialization process. Additionally I need to "strobe" the Enable pin. im assuming E, RS and R/W are the 3 pins you are talking about?
817310where did see me mention anything about compatibility?
817314where did see meI'm not interested in milking the relevant information out of you. Either provide it or figure it out yourself.
817318stop smoking crack. wtf are you talking about?take a look at this website: http://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~ee40/calbot/webpage/ProgrammingLCD.htmspecifically section IV about programming the LCD about halfway down the page.Let's do that. To send an instruction, we want to set RS and R/W both low and wait:P3 = 0x00;ourdelay50;P3 in this case is Port 3. This port3 is a 16bit port. meaning it has 16 pins. P3_0, P3_1, P3_2....P3_15 correct??My MSP430 has an 8bit port. meaning 8pins.Im using Port 1 P1.0, P1.1, P1.2 etc..Hexcode 0x38 gives me 2 lines. i know theres a bunch of other shit i need to do regarding the control pins but im trying to understand if im on the right track.Are P1OUT and P3 functionally equivalent in this case???
816071
817326My life summed up in one webm.
817326hahah jesus christ
817326Brazilian problems.
817326
817302I'm rusty and no expert but have used the MSP430 in the past:The LCD’s interface consists of 11 bits. 8 of these carry data DB0-DB7, the remaining 3 are control bits RS, R/W, E.11 bitsI think you'll have to use a second MSP port P2Looking through stuff I thought I read somewhere not sure where that the display had a 4bit data mode. It would allow you to use only 8 MSP pins, but complicate code
Is my multimeter beyond repair?I connected it to the output of a boost circuit, I thought it was 1000V but it fried my multimeter. I know this because I opened it and I was able to smell the magic smoke. Now the strange thing is the voltage is always -5.4, but when I connect a battery it seems to work fine in the picture it's a discharged Ni-MH, similar things happen with the ohmmeter, the capacimeter is out of scale all the time. The polarity tester and the DC current work fine. tfw it's easier to buy a new one than to change a single chip
No visible damage
If you, for example wanted to turn a fridge on at variable intervals runs for and X amount of time then stays off for a Y amount, which method of producing such a device would you take?
817323English must not even be your third language. That page even directly states it's using a HD44780-compatible controller. Now be a good boy and go read one of the hundreds of tutorials on how to wire up and program displays like that.
817457if you exceeded the voltage you probably caused an arc across the PCB, check between all of the selector knob contacts as well as slots and the immediate path from the input for a black track of burnt PCB, this is highly conductive and will wreck your readings, if the logic seems to still work then it should be fine, by design the ADC can never be over loaded.Also you might have to replace the half bridge rectifier as it has a break down voltage of 1kV or less.Realistically though you should just throw it out and buy a decent meter so you think before being retarded.
817471 $10
817484Well that's just the miracle of China.But in theory, if I wanted to DIY such a device, how would I do it?I'm looking for the least retarded way, the perfect blend between etching my own transistors and using a Workstation computer to do it.
817483I exceeded the voltage, but it wasn't much, it also was low current, so I don't think there'll be any charred part, but I'll check it just in case, seems reasonable. bridge rectifierI guess you mean the diodes at the bottom of 817459, I'll check if they still work. Realistically though you should just throw it out and buy a decent meter so you think before being retarded.being retardedFuck you, thank you.
817483Fuck me with a chainsaw, you were right.Thanks again, you probably saved me 50 bucks, I'm not worthy.
817477yes. all LCDs or 90% of them atleast use the same compatible controller whats your point??i never asked for you to teach me step by step faggot. When I asked if P1OUT is the staetment used to send hex codes out all you could have said was yes and that was the end of that. English is not my first language you're right but holy shit i feel like it isnt yours either. youre dumb as fuck. anyways, someone answered my question. Yes i do use P1OUT.
817504Great, the best thing to happen to me in this month. AC current and AC voltage are still kill as you said, the diodes will be damaged but the other functions do just fine. Also, what are the blue pots with white caps for? I say this because I moved them and I put them back with more or less precission trying to fix this, and I was wondering if this could affect the readings.
817493Modify a mechanical clock to trigger a transistor by making contact with the hours hand on a conductive surface and activating a relay.Bombs 101
817527A design worthy of Allah.
817508Ah, there's that useless brown people rage.
817514Trimpots for calibration.
817544burgers being right about anything
817546Sorry, I can't hear you over all this technical innovation.
817549
817514holy kek, good to see it still works, I did the same thing to my shitty $10 meter but with only 400v, I only found out when using it to check mains voltage, it was trying to tell me there was 1v present on the hot wire, mean while my death stick was lit up like a xmas tree.you probably want to get a new meter anyway because this one is no longer reliable both in accuracy and safety, namely if you plug it into mains that arc track can reform and cause a high energy flash normally blowing your meter and hands off.
817514also, you might need to cut into the PCB to remove all the burnt material, like it should be white, absolutely any carbon left will cause problems.
817563I never use it to test the mains, I'm an E.hobbyist, I just test circuits, so it'll be ok, I sometimes wish I wasn't obsessed with high voltages, it isn't a cheap field of study. 817566I rubbed it with a q-tip soaked in alcohol for about 10 minutes until I couldn't get any more residue out, the board was clear indeed, I could see the glass fiber. No way I'm connecting this into mains, even less to a capacitor bank ever again.
How difficult is SMD soldering? I have nothing to practice with so but is it a lot different compared to regular soldering with regular leads? Would iI be able to get by with just normal experience?
817571Is that an arc from a flyback transformer?
817728It is different, but it's not that difficult to learn. There's tons of tutorial videos on Youtube. You can also probably find some soldering practice boards on Tindie, otherwise buy some blank adapter boards and the cheapest logic ICs you can buy off eBay. The toughest parts will be placing the components, and learning how to deal with solder bridges add more solder, then remove it with desoldering braid.Oh, and get some flux, but not from eBay. A basic flux pen will be your best friend, and some sticky flux can help keep components in place.
817146What station would you recommend? What about the OKI PS-900? Or should I just go for the Ersa RDS 80 from amazon? For 130€ it seems like a really enticing soldering iron.MFW Elfa Distrelec try to scam me into paying 2x the normal price
817745Yes, the input is 44 volts and 3 amps with a 555 driver. 817728It's easier to solder than to desolder. Soldering could be done with a few tools if you're experienced enough, but desoldering will be a pain without tools like soldering tweezers, heat guns, suction pens...
I would like to control two 12V, 2.5A, 30W Delta fans 4pin cpu fans with PWM because they are fucking scary at full speed. Found this 555 circuit, will it do the trick? Or should I just buy a tiny arduino?I would also like to be able to see the RPM from the sense wire. So the arduino would probably be the better choice right?
Hey guys, I am not smart in this area and I need help. I'm looking for a replacement for this pic. http://www.ttiinc.com/object/kemet_film_Y2_phe850#phe850 ^This was the closest thing I could find and I have no clue if it will even work. I can't even find the manufacturer's name after googling all the info on it. If anyone can help it would be greatly appreciated.
Hey /diy/, /g/ here, this looks like the best place for this. I've got a bit of a problem. For work, I've got to get a battery of any flavor into a portable industrial panel, supply 24v, make it lightweight, industrial in strength, and utterly retard-proof. I was looking at LiFePO4 batteries, but I don't know how safe they are, or how well they'll work for this situation. I tried googling around, but I only know enough to cause problems. Any ideas?
816916it seems you have it all figured out already. it's a 1nF or .001uF 300V, non-polarized cap used as surge suppressor or noise filter. thing is, in normal operation that cap doesnt do anything, and can be omitted without any ill effects.
817864LiFePO4 are good because they pack a lot of power, but they are not idiot proof, coz you have to be careful in charging them. I'd go with an SLA sealed lead acid instead. they're used in alarms and emergency lighting, so they're easy to find, and battle-tested. they are heavy, but that's not a problem if they're gonna be stuck inside a box. lifetime is around 5 years.
817868I was also looking at SLAs, but this thing's going to be toted around. Prolly will go with them anyway and tell the ducting people to suck it up.Any suggestions for charging? Prolly a DPDT between the equipment and a socket to plug in the charger, right?
817849I would also like to be able to see the RPM from the sense wireno you dont. you just have to see it once when you set it, then forget about it. you can use a DMM with a frequency counter for that. just go for the 555 circuit. it's solid, cheap, simple. you just have to add a reverse-biased diode across the motor to kill the back-EMF that might otherwise destroy the FET.
817866Going out on a limb and hoping you were responding to me. There are a 3 on the circuit board and only one was blown off middle missing space in picture I am hoping to just solder the new capacitor into the slots shown. I'm just hoping I can get a piece that will fit or has long enough plugs to bend to it to fit. Do you recognize the manufacturer?
817869normally they are constantly trickle charged, at about 1/20 of Capacity. if you're in a hurry, you can just dump more current for a few hours, at maybe 20% of C. check specs.
817872caps are a commodity, like nails, so manufacturer doesnt much matter. and, if the spacing is wrong, they come with very long leads, so you just bend them as needed. you can even mount the cap upside down, with the leads at the top.
817873Can I charge them in series? I'm having a hard time finding 24v batteries.
817876of course. 12V is the most common, but 6 and 24 also exist.
817875Thank you so much. I tried to purchase from the link I provided and it was out of stock. From what you said, about it being 1nF and 300v, this was the best match I could find.http://www.ebay.com/itm/CAP-FILM-PP-1NF-300V-RAD-Part-EPCOS-B32021A3102M-/351041613498?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_3&hash=item51bbb5eebaIt seems right to me, am I correct? If so I will purchase now.
817884yeah, looks fine except for the shipping charge, which is insane. just to reiterate, these caps are typically just for noise suppression and dont do anything noticeable. so, if you have a dead piece of equipment, replacing it is unlikely to fix the real problem.
817886817885It is the circuit board for this light .http://www.amazon.com/Cree-CS18-80LHE-35K-10V-Linear-Luminaire-8000L/dp/B00K85UNY0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1432734344&sr=8-1&keywords=cs18-80lhe-35k-10vIn troubleshooting I switched the circuit board from one a working light to non and it worked fine. The only visible difference between the non working and the working circuit board is this missing cap. All other parts look undisturbed. Since you say this cap is just a filter, do you think I could just solder a wire from slot a to b and complete the circuit that way? I would really enjoy this...
 do you think I could just solder a wire from slot a to b and complete the circuit that way? very much no. that would cause a short circuit and blow a fuse. leaving it as is would be the right way to disable the filtering action.
817891817892Sorry, the power went out. I'm back.If you have the time, I'm enjoying learning if you still have time to answer dumb questions.Stupid question #1: If I left it alone off as you say, would electricity still flow through the essential parts of the board?
817886817892Sorry for the language failure...
yes, the cap kills high frequency electrical noise, but does not touch the main power.from the way the PCB looks all charred, it looks like lightning killed the cap, and probably a few other components. i'm pretty sure the only reasonable repair is to replace the whole board.
How do i write .hex files to an EEPROM chip? Microchip 24LC32A in my caseI have an Arduino Duemilanove on hand and i have a USB to serial board, a FTDI downloader and an Arduino Pro Mini coming in the mail.
817899817886817875Thank you all for the information. I will be in here tomorrow same time to post what I have done and the results.
817913if it was me who was trying to source that cap, I'd just open up an old PC power supply and pull the appropriate caps. you can see these here as the 2 big blue ones on the left.
817916Do they have markings? Ceramic caps will often have a four digit code that works like resistor colour code. If not you can try measuring them with an LC meter.
817872yeah nah, that board's got more problems than one dead capshit's fucked son
816071hi diy can someone help me a bit ...im trying o nig this ciurcit i got off ebay i thin , im having problems with indentifying two parts : the one to the left wihich im guessing is some kind of fuse , and the part to the right of the resistor thats closest to the maybe fuse
817995trimpot and a diode?
817995kekked
817995The blue thing on the left is a potentiometer, also called a variable resistor. you can change it's resistance by turning the slot screw.I don't know which value though. 1k or 10k probably.The blue thing I'm not too sure. I haven't seen any entirely blue radial diodes before. I would say it's a rectifier diode.
817845Ever tried the ZVS driver? I managed to get 1ft long arcs when powering off 50v, the current draw however was over 14 amps.
818020yeah i figured it out in the meantime , one is a trimmer the other is a diac
Does anyone know a good book for learning AVR C ?
817832I would go for a Weller WES51 or WS81 if you can afford it. It's probably the number one brand in Europe, so it's very easy to find tips and spare parts if you need it. The RDS80 is OK, but nothing special. My biggest complaints are that it takes a long time to heat up and that changing tips while the iron is hot is a bit tricky.I have no experience with OKI/Metcal, but they seem to be popular for production work. There's usually a lot of them on eBay, but I don't really know how to judge if they're still in good working order.
817900The EEPROM's datasheet has all the info needed for programming it. Send the write command, send the address, send the data. You can probably find Arduino sketches for receiving and parsing ihex files, but it's not a particularly difficult format either.
818047It's just C... Go hang out on the AVR Freaks forum, read their tutorials.
So, I'm a junior EE student. Haven't had our electromagnetics course yet.I was reading some of you guys' discussion on capacitors earlier and was wondering if you wired capacitors in series would they charge slower than in parallel?Since 1 F of Capacitance means while being charged with one Coloumb there is a one volt potential difference between the plates and capacitors in series act like resistors in parallel, then 2 1 F caps in series would be 0.5 F of Capacitance so would it be 0.5 volt potential difference across each capacitor?I'm just trying to apply what little I know so please help me understand better.
816916I don't think those little fans are gonna be enough to ventilate your bathroom, I think an air extractor would be your best option
Buy cheap chinese voltmeter panel No documentation exists, has 5 wiresAnyone have any clue how to hook this little shit up? My assumption is that red goes to hot, black goes to ground, blue goes in line with hot to measure amps, and the tiny wires are to power it. Does anyone know if that's right or wrong before I fry this thing?
816071Freshman ee student here, isn't knowing advanced math such as Fourier series a must for actually doing nice things with electronics?
818156Junior EE/CE student hereDon't think about what you need to know, just jump into side projects and learn stuff as you need to know them. Think of a project you want to do first, and just dive into it. Otherwise you'll spend much longer learning the theory and never actually making anything.It took me three years to realize that.
818157You're right! I guess there are a lot of thing I can do with arduino, I'll go for domotic, maybe someday post some results.
818158Arduino is a good starting point, but try to get passed that and understand more basic electronic circuits. Blink and LED with a 555, or do what I'm doing and make a benchtop power supply 818152I'm not super elitist and against Arduino like some of the other anons on here, but I do agree it doesn't encompass the entirety of electronics. Dave has a good video on it. https://youtu.be/zyuRcsM0gjI
818156isn't knowing advanced math such as Fourier series a must for actually doing nice things with electronics?Fuck no. Not in general, at least. Long as you know what components do what and how to draw up a schematic, you're good for most anything that doesn't involve RF signals or signal analysis.Not saying you should try and bang up a 10kW switching PSU as a first project, but still.
818128Charge = Capacitance*VoltsQ=CVIt's been decades since my theory, but I think...0.5 Volts per cap for 1 Volt total... And I've confused myself on coulombs, but will share my confusion.A single 1F cap:1 Volt1 CoulombA single 0.5F cap: equivalent circuit for two 1F caps in series1 Volt0.5 coulombsAnd here's the confusion, figuring the Coulombs in the caps separately:1 Farad0.5 Volts=0.5 Coulombs eachso 1 Coulomb total, but the single 0.5 cap above contained 0.5 Coulombs total??? WTF?
8181282 1 F caps in series would be 0.5 F of Capacitance so would it be 0.5 volt potential difference across each capacitorYes.
818191we talking series or parallel m8?
818212Two 1F in series.Charge in each as opposed to an equivalent 0.5F, for 1 Volt Total
I... what?Did half my breadboard just decide to die or am I literally retarded? It doesn't work when the power rails are jumped by the white wires but when I connect them directly to that rail it works fine. I did a continuity test immediately after across those power rails and they seemed fine. The white wires seemed fine. I don't know what this would happen. http://a.pomf.se/mlzpum.webm
818229Well your middle jumpers are fucked somehow. This was not an uncommon problem when I TAed for electronics lab, mind you.
818229when your jumpers wires are crooked, then they open up the springs too much, and cause intermittent contacts. it's a bit late now, but in the future make sure the wires are thin 24AWG, and straight. they should slide in and out cleanly, not get hooked up like yours. also, for short jumpers, use bare wire so you know it's not broken inside the plastic sleeve.
/ohm/, I keep seeing these realys rated at 120v 10a, but they have these little, thin, nubby leads on them that are a fraction the size of a mains wire.Are these actually safe to use?Shouldnt the contacts be a decent size for mains power?
818258Uh, any relay with small, cylindrical leads like that is meant to be soldered into a board, not attached directly to wires.Pic related is what you'd expect of a chassis-mount relay.
818259Im not talking about cars, also where it is ment to be mounted wasnt the point.Im talking about the size of the contacts, you wouldnt wire a house with 22 gauge wire, right.Im saying for mains voltage I expected to see something more like this.
818260you wouldnt wire a house with 22 gauge wire, right.No, but you can get away with a fair bit more when the length of the conductor is very short.You have to remember also that mains wiring is deliberately oversized by a fairly significant margin for safety reasons and sections of it may well be fully covered by thermal insulation.I've stuffed...what was it...30A or so through 16AWG on one of my ebikes and it only got a little warm. You don't need that big a wire to carry 10A in open air. Additionally, how they are mounted DOES matter, because the PCB itself can help to act as a heat sink for the relay.
818152Like this. I have the same display as you.
818260Terminal blocks excite me sexually.
818260Like this anon said 818263mains wiring is deliberately oversizedPCB itself can help to act as a heat sinkThis explains the current ratingThe contact voltage rating has to do with how much voltage they can take when open and not arc.
818152here, wire colors vary with those things look at position.
Need a word of advice about a retarded, pointless project I'm planning.I'll attach a servo to my front door so it can turn the lock. A vibration sensor detects when the door is knocked, which an arduino then signals to my phone via bluetooth, prompting me whether to unlock the door.This part I think I can figure out, although I want to be able to display a message to the guest to indicate that the door has been unlocked. My main question is therefore: Is it at all feasible to drive an old laptop LCD with an arduino?I'm aware that an arduino doesn't have enough memory for even a 320x240 color image, but I'll only be using 6 colors at most for some rather simple graphics which can be described by functions instead of bitmaps. I also don't care if takes a full second to draw something like "Welcome to x, enjoy your stay". Even if this could work, would it be a lot of trouble to interface the arduino and LCD?
rolling
Reversing a 1HP single phase cap start induction motor i took all the wires, applied 1.25V to each one and measured the current - the values i got for resistance are on the image. the 'klixon' is a thermal cutoff.how the hell can i reverse this? i'm fine with getting into the individual stator wires to separate the starting winding - but wtf is this 1.92 ohm winding?
818324Take that garbage back to /b/.
Would it be technically correct to check if diodes are damaged with an Ohmmeter?I tried the diode continuity function in my multimeter and it doesn't shows any change, specially because the diodes are in series its a Cockroft-Walton multiplier. However, when using the ohmmeter in the megaohms range I was able to measure very significant differences specially in reverse mode that could indicate those are damaged diodes.I just wanted to know if this method is reliable.
818456Tons of people requested a roll image. That particular one has been around for a while now. Also, roll images aren't a /b/ thing. They exist all around 4chan. Try to remember you're on 4chan and not some seperate electronics forum.
818458If you have to have that shit, at least put it in a separate thread.
Converting a PSU to feed my 3d printerit has 2 rails of 18A@12VShould I combine the rails or connect them seperatly? The electronics board needs 15A+5A+5AI figured 1 rail for the 15A and the other for the rest but what It's easier just to combine them.What do?
818462Not the guy who posted it, but that roll image is a part of this general. Many people like it and in fact requested it. That particular roll image would not exist if it wasn't in demand from people within this general.
816793Both your battery and capacitors are back to front.
818457Excuse me, what is the origin of this image?!?
816906yeah its a crt projector so there aint no fuckin bulbs in there mate
818456818462FUCK YOUUCKYOU
818521OC, I thought transistor r34 was needed, nobody answered my question though.818456818462Just roll indirectly and avoid flooding the thread818507You can't combine two outputs with different voltages, 15 Amps is a huge load, look at the specs of the PSU and try to figure it out.Also 811538
818530You can't combine two outputs with different voltagesThey're both 12V
818533If I recall correctly you can join all the wires which have the same color and thus same voltage, there's a lot of info about this, just google: http://www.wikihow.com/Convert-a-Computer-ATX-Power-Supply-to-a-Lab-Power-SupplyI also remember depending on how year your psu is you'll have to add a resistor or something like that to get it going.
818534Seconding the resistor. I had a power supply that I knew was functional, but it failed the paper clip test with no load.Hooked up a couple of spare hard drives and it worked like a champ.
818581a power supply needing to be loaded is ancient history, hasnt been needed in 10-15 years.
818617Some will power on but are unstable with no load.
i found that pic on the internet, first time i need to use a p-channel mosfet in a circuit.i think it was wrong and made a correction. is that actually right?
818738
818738818741nah, that resistor is a pull down resistor. You see how the P-channel has a pull up resistor?
818765besides i thought you were using the p-channel anyway
818507Finished this, it happens to be working.I'm just afraid I'll burn something by accident jezus fuck this thing has a lot of juicegood thing it has internal safeties. It turns on without any load and is well within the range of proper ATX 12V specification. So it works without a load
818324Rolling
Hey guys I'm new into electronics. I learned C at college and I did some projects using Arduino but now I want something more 'mature'.I want to program a microcontroller but I don't know where should I start, what IC to use, what to learn and so on. Could you help me? I'm sorry for my English
818507Check the resistance between the two rails. If there's low resistance they're both the same rail with separate over-current protection. Combining them will be fine, just know that you fuck up the over-current protection.If there's a huge resistance they're separate rails and you should probably keep them separate.
818891Combining them will be fine, just know that you fuck up the over-current protection.But won't it automatically load-balance, assuming equal resistance?They both have the same load rating of 18A.Doesn't that mean it can theoretically reach ~36A total before tripping one?
818888Well the arduino is basically AVR c made a bit more easy for newcomers so if you wana do bare uC programming i suggest going with an AVR. If you have a UNO just pop out the chip and plug it into a breadboard, give it power and you're all set. For programming just get a usbasp the chinks sell that shit on ebay for around 3 bucks. For tutorials just use google, there are shittons of beginner avr tutorials.
818944If you have a UNO just pop out the chip and plug it into a breadboard, give it power and you're all setTerrible ideaThe board has the proper oscillator hooked up and you can flash stuff with the ICMP header. You DO need a AVR programmer. Note that you can program an arduino to be an AVR programmer. The bootloader is what allows Arduino code to be uploaded through the USB port.
818152holy shit what is wrong with your hand?
818888get this AVR dragon and put a zif socket on like in the pic. download atmel studio. youtube has a few tutorials on the basic setup of the programmer and loading the first LED blink program. There's a guy on youtube called Patrick Hood Daniel that has some pretty in depth tutorials starting from the beginning on programming avrs.
818284818308Life savers, love you guys. 818972N-nothing. Maybe it's just the angle. You're making me self conscious about my hands..
818982thought you were this guy just from the angle, also you shouldn't post that here, just like those foot people i'm sure there are people that would save your images...
818984Eh, it's /diy/ not /b/ or /v/ so I'm not too terribly worried. The people here are better than that, hopefully.
818984this is real easy to do though
818989It's genetic though
818984Womens feet are fuckin god tier, m8
818741The load for the N channel is on the wrong side, it should go between positive to drain.
818975All I hear about the Dragons is that they break really easily. These days an Atmel ICE is probably a better investment, as it supports debugging as well.
Indel Transformer: encapsulated; 100VA; 230VAC; 24V; 4.17A; 1.3kg TMBZ100/002M/t i need 24v ac 60w input for my soldering station. will this do the job?
819092The picture shows two ways to drive a grounded load and what will the output voltage be in each case.Sure, your suggestion often works better, but then you'd need to run the positive supply to the load.
819099But the N channels gate drive needs to be referenced to the source pin, having a load there with the supply voltage across it will cause problems.
819099819103Is it a floating gate drive?
819096 you need 24Vac at 60W. a transformer gives you 24Vac at 100W  technically VA but it's the same since it's a purely resistive load.you ask if it's compatible.we look at you funny coz it's kinda fucking obvious.
819103819104It is the mosfet equivalent of the emitter follower. The source voltage will be below the gate voltage, like the pic says. How much exactly depends on the load current and the mosfet.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_follower
819109yeah i figured so. just wanted to make sure cause i often manage to fuck up in the most stupid ways.
What's a good electromagnetics project?I don't want to build a transformer, and I've already done the coil and rail gun.
819158motors?generators?meters?steel ball levitation toy?magnetic transducers?
819158I've been trying to make a 1bit 1 or 0 magnetic memory with some transistors and a big toroid, but I can't figure the read-write circuit without a microcontroller, and I'll probably need to do some tests with the oscilloscope I'm waiting for. If you or some anon can help me with this I would be grateful.If I recall correctly, there's a loop around the toroid, to write it you send a current in or out the loop, this will write a magnetic "something" inside the toroid, depending on the direction of the current it'll be a 1 or a 0, to read it, you send current into it again, if you find resistance in order to change the writing that's the opposite of the current you passed though if not, then it's the same state. I think you must erase the data in order to read it.Useful info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0WnddW5gZIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An-GIhx0z4cMagnetic fields are magic, this is a video I did few months ago:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxBTLDKG1CoThere are magnetic core memory shields for arduino, so it can't be that hard to come up with a 1 bit version. You can also do a magnetic levitation machine, there's a lot of info about that.
819166819167Levitation sounds fun
819167To begin with, you need a toroid which can be efficiently magnetized permanently. They are uncommon, so unless you specifically got such toroid, the one you have is going to suck.Also, if it's a big non-tiny toroid, it would make sense to use many turns instead of inserting a single wire through it like in your pic.
Any news on art of electronics 3rd edition ebook yet
819167819173Not that I've worked with this stuff, but doesn't it have more to do with hysteresis hence the drawing on the silkscreen? If it was permanent then you'd be fucked.
819183Hysteresis, high coercivity, remanence etc. are just more civilized ways to talk about the same thing. Core memory retains data indefinitely in core's magnetization. It is reversible, of course, so maybe "permanent" was a bad word choice.
Can one amlpify sound with opamps? Sound amplifier ics are basically banwidth tuned and feedback controlled opamps, right?
819245sure, how much current can your op amp push though?
819246I dunno man, I just salvaged four cute smd amps, I was thinking maybe I should put them in a cascading order. Each of them has for pairs of inverting and non inverting input. I'm not sure if using all fours would be a good idea, would it become noisy or something? They don't look too beefy though, maybe good for preamps or I don't knowI got em from a can controller by the way
819249*four pairs of inputs
818895https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgzlT1b4-P4
819260good to see rocky still trying new things outside of his acting career.
can some one tell how to make one of this please
8191181. Build a box out of one-way mirrors, so you can see into the box, but whatever is inside can't see out2. Put the sun into the box3. Put your food / item you want to heat on top of the box4. The food will be able to see the sun and start cooking, but the sun won't be able to see space and escape.Easy! Just make sure to put the sun back once you're done using it.
819118819120Don't forget to wear sunglasses, the sun can be very bright. You don't rant to cook your eyes too!
What? you cant read that picture?hopeless case
819118can some one tell how to make one of this pleaseSure, just follow this picture.
819120one-way mirrorsJoke aside, don't use these I've seen people use them before! They will shatter. You need to use tempered glass for the inner glazing and then you can use normal glass for the outer glazing. Don't use more than 2 panes of glass and don't use mirrors. The mirrors will actually reflect more light and not work very well. Just normal panes of glass reduces sunlight by as much as 10% per pane.With these 4-panel solar ovens, you always need to use 2 glazings and the inner one must be tempered glass.819118Build a well-insulated box. Essentially a box inside a box with about 2 inches of insulation between them. The insulation can be layers of cardboard, crumpled newspaper, old cloth, or actual fiberglass insulation. Make a lid access into the box and an angle-adjustable floor inside the box. Don't use the glass as a lid.Use 2 panes of glass over the top with about 1/8" air space between them. The inner glass must be tempered glass or it will break in the heat.The reflective panels are best made as Trapezoids, not rectangles. Then you can put hinges on them. You'll be able to take them off and fold them up together for storage.A good solar box oven with good insulation, double glazing, and large trapezoid reflectors can reach 450F in under 15 mins very easily. With food inside the temps will read far less until the food is finally being fully cooked. After that the temps rise sharply.Don't try to cut your own tempered glass. Buy it pre-cut and design your box to fit.Here's one mine. old reposted pics
819189A few more pics of my main one. The smaller box, is just a bread riser box. Though the same thing can be done using the main solar box oven without its reflectors. One the bread has raised, just pop on the reflectors. I use hooks and bungees to hold the panels on.It cooks anything you can cook in a conventional oven.
Here's a mini one that I made from trash. I only used tape, no glue for this. It worked well with only the plastic bag as the double glazing, but the plastic was pretty hot.
Here's a camping prototype solar box oven I made. I keep it behind my truck seat all folded up. It works at a lower temp, but still a higher temp than most solar box ovens. All it is made of is cardboard, glass, glue, bamboo skewers, aluminum foil, and duct tape.These things are super easy to make a really fun.
819118is this a picture for ants/ WTF am I even looking ta here and WTF is OP wanting to build? how bout some more info
How does one create his own electricity?
Energy is neither created or destroyed in the current state of the universe. This is known as the law of conservation of energy.
817931If you live next to a river, it should be fairly easy to jerryrig a functional generator, but otherwise I wouldn't bother with it.
817931Actually, electricity is generated from energy transfer. You can transfer chemical energy in to electricity, you can transfer mechanical energy into electricity. Most any energy potential difference can be turned into electricity and back.
817936ThisWater is the only really reliable and practical source you will get.Wind and solar are fairly sufficient by now, but you will have plenty of time without one or the other and be forced to either feed back into the grid or build up a considerable storage bank.If you really want to do it and are willing to considerably cut back your electrical use, you can build it up and actually save money with it, but it ain't that easy.If you live in island, japan or yellowstone, thermal energy could also be feasable, but I have no idea about the household scale tech available for this right now.
817943for a DIY I'd go with a horizontal water wheel. They can be build very small, are pretty effective and only need a fairly small water source, as long as you have a good slope you can use.You can probably build a super lightweight from carbon fiber with a steel rod for an axis, then just put a generator on top.
817931How does one create his own electricity?o Put on wool sockso Shuffle around on a carpeted floor for several minuteso Touch something metalNow go back to /b/
817936817943817948tfw when no river
817931attach a generator to putin's cracker
817931spend a few grand on a small wind power thinger
817931Northern Tool is a useful site for both alternative energy and generators.http://www.northerntool.com/shop/tools/category_alternative-renewable-energyIt's all expensive as hell, though. I would not do this except for a cabin on a mountaintop or some place totally impossible to reach the grid.Each of their $2000 setups would only replace one 15 amp circuit in a house. I've got about 28.Generators are cheap, but not constantly buying gas or propane, and then there's the noise.
817936If you live next to a river, it should be fairly easy to jerryrig a functional generator,USA: Most states have strict laws governing the management of flowing streams.Rest Of the World: I don't know...
817935He said electricity, not energy. Moron.
818121Only if you dam or reroute said rivers and streams.Attaching a waterwheel into said stream/river, unless it'll be a obstacle to river traffic/ fish/ otter killer, should be fine. If you have a small waterfall that runs all the time near your place, even during the winter, as long as fish don't use it for spawning/ travel down it, you can use it too.snails, and other critters need to be checked, just call your states natural resources or licensing peopleWater power checked. Solar, requires solar panels direct or mirrorsindirect to heat water/oil to power generators. Solar is relatively inexpensive now thanks to competition from china/usa/germany. Just will save LOTS of power, 20-40% if you run things DC from said systems. Wind is constantly changing, but generally you'll get more power in windy states, like the midwest, and at night.Generators can and have been used to supplement said systems in place of batteries/capacitors/watertowers/pressure tanks. But the main problem with generators is they require maintenance every 6 months if used regularly. As well as fuel.Best bet would be multiple sources of power because1 wind, while plentiful at times/places/ DOESN'T always blow/sputters2 solar panels don't always get enough sun, require cleaningsolar cleaners can take care of this problem3generators require maintenance and fuel/theft protection +4 water wheels and hydropower require checking/zoning/environmental checks in cases and depend on the flow of water, which generally reduces/Stops during winters/dry spells5steam or reflector solar plants require cleaning/maintenance of both fuel/mirrors and of the heat exchange medium to generate power. Parts can be hard to get/source/expensive.6 Batteries, while cheaper now, will still cost money to store/treat/maintain and require good circuitry to prevent premature wear and tear/explosions/off-gassing.7Capacitors, same as aboveCombine everything above, you have electric provider.
817931Listen to me OP. What are your available resources?I recommend. Heat water into steam Solar, wood or biogasUse steam to power magnetically stabilised tesla turbine. Collect steam & re-use.Store electricity in a battery. Profit
817943817936I live ON a river.How would I go about installing this on my boat?I'm already using solar power, next is wind and water.
819224I would imagine a propeller or something you could dip into the water that connects to a flywheel or whatever. Imagine like a F4 gun pod that was powered by the aircraft moving through the air.
817931Buy solar panelsMake a generator rotate somehowThat's pretty much it.
Anyone here build cabins or raised floor buildings?My family has property that im going to build on. Its in Oregon so usually 5ft of snow in the winter. Dry in the summer. I want to keep it simple and small like pic related. Raised off the ground a bit. We have a problem with carpenter ants.So what I don't know is a good way to place the posts into the ground without them rotting or shifting downhill. Researching has only given me conflicting answers. Keep in mind I cannot get a concrete truck into this area.Thanks
817675Have you considered renting a cement mixer and mixing on site?
817675From what I know: placing the posts into the ground is a bad idea. The concrete cracks around the post or sinks into the earth when it rains and the buried portion of the post wet rots. Pouring a cylinder concrete form tube for the footing then embedding a metal pier bracket seems to be preferred. There's someway to connect your pier blocks to horizontal cylinder form tube so the horizontal tube sinks level and all corresponding pier blocks sink at the same rate. Usually any leveling issues are fixed by jacking the structure up and using blocks or shims on the piers since the building beams aren't affixed to the piers. The piers can be cinder blocks or solely concrete form cylinders
817687This sounds Good. How do I keep the ground from eroding around the piers?
Steel posts set in concrete up to the floor level. Make sure the steel does not protrude from the base of the concrete.817684This. You need a water supply and ingredients. At worst you can even mix in a wheel barrow.
817689Dig 'em deep.
817693This plus don't allow water to flow under the house.
817675I built a small deck with the help of my old-man. He seemed to think placing the piers in a hole then backfilling with concrete is effective. I did this on one side and used deck pier footings on the other. After 5 years the backfilled sides concrete has cracked and sunk significantly enough to throw the small decks level off twice.Each time I jack up the pier block side and cut the amount of pier off to relevel it. I should probably just cut the backfilled side pier off enough to place pier blocks on top of the concrete backfill and be done with it.
817694Its being built on a hill. This is nearly impossible
817689The horizontal form cylinder spreads multiple pier weights over a much larger surface area. Usually they dig down to bedrock and bring in foundation material and compact it. Not sure what it's called. It's usually dredged from the bottom of streams. Might be decomposed granite. I always called it red death because nothing will grow in it. Then the horizontal and verticals are put in place. everything gets buried in red death and the mold is poured through the exposed verticals. It still changes level over time so beams rest on piers and beams can be jacked up and releveled when need arises.
817675Why don't you Americans use bricks and concrete like a normal country?
817697Bedrock is going to be very far down. Like over 50ft
817698I would love to. But in this area it would be a great undertaking to accomplish
817698Because we can then give you the extra sticks off the trees so you can try and stir up shit with them.
817699If you got 3 feet soil. 4 feet clay. 43 feet caliche to bedrock for instance. It's better to dig down to caliche than build on the clay or soil. Caliche is a foundational material. Not sure about your soil profile.
817705calicheGotcha. Just hope its not too far down. I want a structure that will stand for 50+ years minimum.Currently one of our cabins has shifted down hill after about 40 years. The other has had the floor eaten by carpenter ants. Still habitable but makes me uneasy
I used to live in a house that had an addition added where the guy didn't take foundation into account on the piers he added. The floor was tilted to a 45 degree angle and the structure was became unsound. I found this image of pier blocks. I like the center blocks large foot pad and the steel shims preventing direct access to termites and allowing a spot to relevel beyond the pier to beam side.
817696Build a decent drain on the uphill side.
817721Wouldn't matter with 5ft of snow melting off
817675Oh for fucks sake. Does no one own a code book that's replying to this fucking thread?OP. you need to pull up a code book and do some load calculations first and foremost. The expected load has a direct impact on the design of your footings. This load is distributed into the soil by the footings. Footings that exceed the carrying capacity of the underlying soil is one of the way you end up with a shifting structure.Frostline. In oregon the code dictates frostline at between 12-24 inches. Look up your frostline. The footing of your pier must be below this point. Or it will be subject to heaving.Determine the type of soil your piers will be sitting in. The carrying capacity of clay type soils is about 2,000lbs/square foot. sandy soils is ~3,000, gravel ~5,000. You take the static load of the building, plus the snow load, any seismic load adjustment and divide by the carrying capacity of the soil to determine the square footage of footings you need to carry the structure.You can size the footing by digging a flared hole or by using a form. cut your pier no less than 8" above ground using a cylindrical form. embed four lengths of rebar vertically into the pier so that they will be wholly encased to help pier strength and to resist cracking.Once the concrete is poured into the forms, packed, and leveled you can add your 'J' bolt for attaching your beams with strong ties or whatever mounting method your code permits.In addition to proper pier and load design you want to design for runoff. Ideally uphill from the structure you want to divert the water according to the surrounding area. If you can divert run-off to either side of the house then do so.Finally once your structure is in place and the drainage issues have been settled, apply the skirting and enjoy.
81781010/10would seek shelter from a storm in anything this anon builds.
817675
817723dig a big trench then
817810Quite correct. Glad I'm not the only non-retarded person here.817675Houses built like this are prone to wild seasonal temperature swings as the mediating factor of the earth is pretty much removed from the equation. If It was me I would be digging a basement and building a permanent wood foundation but I don't know how stupid your winter is or how hot your summer is. As for your ants they will only chew into rotting wood. Clear out any nearby colonies by removing any rotting logs or stumps to keep the workers from wandering into your house.
How can I build a single phase AC generator?
809277By asking google
809277The same way as you build a double phase AC generator, but without one phase.
809277This guy explains why we use 3 phase electricity and why building a single phase generator is difficult. https://youtu.be/2Ndfnta4Y8g
809285Without even looking I'd guess because with single-phase you have the zero crossing to deal with, and with three-phase, the rectified DC output never crosses zero.
809291Pretty much. A single phase generator would just end up beating itself to death.
easy as fuck no problems but it will be shithouse, inefficient and have bad voltage regulation so just buy one.if you are determined to build one i can give you an insight if you are still interested.
809277Why not just rectify, smooth the sine wave with caps, invert to single phase, and transform to 120v or whatever the fuck your local voltage is with a regular multiphase generator? Sure its going to cost a little more but it will be cheaper to mantain and will outlast a single phase generator by a very long time. Unless to can turn your single phase generator at exactly 60 rpms all the time your sine wave will be fucked and you will have to do the process i mentioned anyway or risk burning up anything pluged into it.
I suppose the most reliable way to build an actually working AC source by yourself from scrap is to build a DC source of your preferred type, regulate the shit out of it, and then build a circuit somehow equivalent to a VFD to pulse the fuck out that DC of yours. No one without an oscilloscope will be able to tell the difference, and no one with an equipment that may actually suffer the difference will be willing to plug it into your garage made generator.
809393As a sidebar to this thread, was just thinking:Let's say you took an automotive alternator truck alternator would probably be better, and removed the rectifier assembly, brought out the raw output of the stator coils, which is three-phase. Now, you regulate the input speed so you'd get a regulated frequency from the output, then put it through a three-phase step-up transformer to get 120VAC single-phase. This assumes you have or can make a transformer large enough to actually handle enough load to make it worthwhile. Sound like it would work?
OP here.I have this. It's shit. We are using electromagnets to produce the magnetic field.We are not interested in efficiency, It is only a demonstrative project
809484dat pencil shaft...But you totaly get +1 for creativity and diypic unrelated
809490yeah, the problem is that it doesn't work
809466Actually on second thought this really wouldn't work because I don't think, off the top of my head, you could get the output frequency to be 60Hz, or even close enough to 60Hz for many things to work properly.
809484Here's a hint for you: In an automotive-style alternator, the stator winding outputs are what are rectified into the generated output current, and the rotor is a single winding, fed from two simple rings fed by carbon brushes, to produce the field necessary to induce current into the stator windings. Regulation of the output voltage is accomplished by regulating the input to the rotating field winding through a simple negative feedback scheme like you'd use for any other voltage regulator.
809466809507It would work, however the output voltage of this system would be pretty low. The three phase rectifier is putting out 13v to charge a battery, just imagine the phase to phase and phase to star point voltages, will be three tenths of fuckall. However you could just over excite the fuck out of the feild and see what you get out of the stator i suppose, never tried it myself so you never know.I just quickly googled these things apparently they are typically 6 pole so for 50hz you'll need 1000rpm which is achievable and a few more for 60 which is also achievable. You could use a three phase welder transformer to bring the voltage up to something useable.This is all doable but you'll need a range of equipment to do it right.
809508We are trying the opposite, the stator is fed with current to produce a magnetic field, after we move the rotor to generate voltage.The problem is that our rotor is only made of wire, we would need a ferromagnetic material to produce a strong magnetic field
809531Cannibalize a small DC motor.
809508OP here againWhat is a negative feedback scheme?The magnetic field that the electromagnets produces is of the order of uT microTeslasI think that is the problem, It is very low
809484You could make this work still, by the looks of those coils they are light gauge wire and a lot of turns so will put out a highish voltage that you can work with. I'd use them as the stator power windings and make the rotor the field.There's two ways you can go with the next step, either mount strong permanent magnets to the shaft or wind a pair of field coils on the rotor and get some dc current happening.Since its for demonstration perhaps permanent magnets would be easier. Once you have the rotor going move those pole faces as close as possible to the rotor without touching of course.Let us know how you go and we might have to work out how to wire those coils up yet and may have to add in some iron around the outside to complete the magnetic circuit but we will deal with that later on.
I understand. We have been trying with theprinciple of the picture Put current in the stator to create a magnetic field, after we move the rotor with a little coil attached to induce voltage . Are you saying that we must try the opposite? Create a rotating magnetic field in the rotor to induce voltage in the statorP.D: Sorry for my bad english, I'm not native speaker.
810119I understand. We have been trying with theprinciple of the picture Put current in the stator to create a magnetic field, after we move the rotor with a little coil attached to induce voltage . Are you saying that we must try the opposite? Create a rotating magnetic field in the rotor to induce voltage in the statorP.D: Sorry for my bad english, I'm not native speaker.P.D2: I forgot to quote you
809277I may be late to the party, but you could try this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7Sz8oT8ou0
810466810461I'm glad you asked, some people get caught up on these diagrams when we need to think back to basics. How is EMF created? A conductor cutting a magnetic field at right angles. Doesn't matter whats where so long as its happening.Most commercial alternators have a rotating field as there is less losses, imagine the size of slip rings to get 300kw worth of power out, where if you have a rotating field you don't even need brushes by either having permanent magnets or like normal alternators a separate DC field stator which powers an alternator winding on the rotor shaft which feeds the main revolving field on the rotor shaft via a rectifier.If you can get a few volts out of those coils we know it works and then we will work out how to wire them up together and see if you can at least light up a light bulb by the end of this exercise. Like i said though once you get those magnets happening move the coils as close as possible to your rotor without touching. Perhaps even use 4 magnets and lay them out as a 4 pole network if it'll work for you physically, may give you better chances of something happening.
What are the best magnets for the rotor?I think that we must use neodymium magnets
810567810728
810567Is this the concept?http://web.stanford.edu/~hydrobay/lookat/smg.html
810733yes but i was only thinking 2 or 4 magnets, you may need to put some iron between the magnets to complete the magnetic circuit on the rotor to increase field efficiency. The best magnets to use are the strongest magnets you can get, as we know the stronger the magnetic field the higher induced EMF. If it were me using those stator coils i'd get some strong bar magnets ideally roughly the same size as the pole face or bigger. however on second thought this wouldn't work as typically the ends of the bars are the pole faces where as we want the sides to be the pole faces so you'll need to find the strongest magnets you can get with flat pole faces unless you can somehow drill a hole in a bar magnet and put your rotor shaft through it but from experience that will be next to impossible without the magnet falling apart.
811049This is my planWhat do you think?
Can I use an universal motor as generator?
812909Can I use an universal motor as generator?Google says yes.
811948Yeah it's worth a try for sure however i'd just try measuring a voltage at each coil before you connect them up because if you connect them wrong they will cancel and you will measure 0 volts, we want to connect them so they add. There is only two possible combinations however, so its not the end of the world if you connect them wrong anyway.
812971I tried with ferrite magnets and I couldn't turn on a led. I will try using a universal motor as generator812971if you connect them wrong they will cancel and you will measure 0 voltsIt is correctly connectedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qS85aIvleQ&noredirect=1
813108Yeah ok try that, but like i said make sure the pole faces are facing the coils, otherwise the magnetic flux lines will not pass the conductor correctly and generate less emf or no emf.Same goes for using the universal motor's rotor as your alternators rotor, bring the magnets as close as physically possibly without touching and see how the face of the magnets are facing the rotor? Also one more thing to note is that piece of metal holding the magnets in position is completing the magnetic circuit so that will be a good method.Once you get it working play with the brushes angle relative to the poles and see which position gives you the most emf.
my next attempt
813390814867
809277Why do you need one? You can use most DC electric motors as single phase generators.
816139Ok great, but i can see a huge gap between the stator coils and the rotor, you want the smallest possible gap to have the best chance of this thing working. What do you plan on doing? running a current through the stator or the rotor for your field?
814867Largest part of the magnetic flux flows axially in that setup, instead of going to the right direction. You could help the situation by making your own iron core for the field magnets or if that's not practical, at least you could saw off the side legs of the E cores.
You should take a look at www.fieldlines.com
810119have to add in some iron around the outside to complete the magnetic circuit811049you may need to put some iron between the magnets to complete the magnetic circuit813390to note is that piece of metal holding the magnets in position is completing the magnetic circuitDo i sound like a broken record player or am i missing something??What do you think?816914Largest part of the magnetic flux flows axially in that setup, instead of going to the right direction
817350rofl, I understand.However, according to my teacher the rotor has broken wires. We haven't got any voltage yet. I have two weeks to repair this or I will fail this semester, I am stressed.
818174817350It even doesn't work like a motor
817350It's difficult to close the magnet circuit, can I use the original stator of the rotor?
Guys, I have another question.If I spin the rotor of a universal motor between a magnetic field, Will I get DC or AC ?
Quick question about poster framesI bought 4 posters for my wall but don't want to put put them up with tacks and get holes in them and shit. These posters only cost $5 each, so it's not like I want to buy some expensive picture frame that costs $40 for each of them, just a cheap thing.They sell some cheap poster frames on Amazon and Target, like a 2 pack for $25, but some of the reviews say that they are really cheaply made where it's 4 pieces you have to connect together and stuffDo you guys know of anything I could get to possibly make a sturdier frame for the posters than some flimsy metal or whatever?
816819it's 4 pieces you have to connect together and stuffThis is for easier, cheaper shipping costs.Go to a local hobby/craft store for assembled frames you can inspect before purchase.
816819walmart sells some low cost frames in a variety of sizes.
Jumping onto OP's thread because I'm in the same predicament. I got a oddly sized poster that I can't find a frame that will fit it exactly. I want to get a matte for it anyways, but even those arn't sized to fit this poster. How hard would it be to DIY a matte to fit a regular frame? I know some stores can do a custom frame and everything but I want to be as cheap as possible.
Don't bother with frames for cheap posters.Buy sheets of MDF, use spray adhesive to glue it on.This method has worked well for me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3J8yph1wX8
816840this. they have cheap plastic poster frames for a few bucks.816900op might not want to permanently attach the posters since he said he didnt want holes in them from tacks. so a frame is his only option to keep the poster from being damaged
http://www.walmart.com/search/?query=poster%20frame&sort=price_lowenjoy
You can buy something like a matboard. You can generally get them from art stores. Not sure if they're easily available in poster size though.
816821816840816847816944817173818154Oh great, Amerifats gonna drive to walmart to doit yurself.Don't you have any pride?
819110Don't you have any pride?Unlike yuropoors, we have lots of money and don't have to build everything.
819137diylet's buy shitOnly an american can be this retarded.
819137lolso you deliver pizza for a living..
819137Think I have to get chemotherapy after seeing that picture.I hope the picture is ironic considering who invented pizza in the first place.
I Searched for build thread and got nothing, so what are you guys actively building?My new sheds almost done, only ended up costing around 200 so far, though I need some brackets for my roof beams, and some wheels/rails for my sliding door. Otherwise I still need to work out the plumbing for my hot tub.
817115
817116
817116I hope you're putting in some horizontal beams.or atleast drywall.
817120They'll be some for shelving and my desk ya, drywall's a waste of money man, I just gotta get some foam sealant for the cracks in it.
817122i ment for stability off the wall, looks like you are isolating it,So i ment inside the wall either drywall or some horizontal beams, or is that called lumber?
817144Those would just be beams I think, but they'll be there eventually, probably.
817120The plywood on the outside, if nailed correctly, is what gives it support against racking. You don't need wind bracing if the plywood is on correctly.
817115817116817117Making rooms out of woodY-you must be an American?kekEnjoy your imminent fire
817115817116817117817122817145Building the shed in your garageEnjoy moving your shed out to wherever it is going to be.Should only collapse a little bit.
817593If you look at first pic, top left, he has wheels. couple sets of those you can put shed ontop and wheel into position. I would have build the sections in the garage then when ready to assemble, do it at the place you want it putting.
817612The walls will be wobly as fuck if he just slaps another sheet of wood on it now.
817593817612817616That's where it's staying, and where I'm going to live.
817629Dont light a cigarette within 3 blocks of your house
817678No one here smokes
Door n Roof are done, going to do windows tomorrow and I should be good to go to move in.Is no one else currently building anything? I'm all alone here.
817629Oh, you think the darkness is your ally, but you merely adopted the dark. I was born in it, molded by it. I didn’t see the light until I was already a man; by then, it was nothing to me but blinding!
Well the shed is mostly finished, my pool table is set up as well.
817115I'm currently renovating a fiberglass liveaboard boat.I've stripped most of her insides and removed the floor.The plan is to install new floor brackets with cedar, lay down particle board flooring and then apply a waterproof faux wood vinyl.For the walls and ceiling, I plan on using adhesive to attach her ribbing then line the walls with a marine ply. For the ceiling, I'm contemplating on a wood clad or a three columned ceiling made with ply. Pic related.My boyfriend really likes modern/slate like materials and we're really indecisive on what material we'd like to use for the finished interior walls.As we're on a boat, condensation is a threat; therefore, we are unable to utilize some traditional building materials such as dry wall. Any suggestions?
818630
Tool and tool storage general. Post your set ups, work stations, tools or questions for all of the above. Pic related, work at a GM dealer, my box Everything 100% paid off, loaning is for suckers.
815441A recent purchase. Haven't had a chance to clean it up yet. Weighs more than a compact car. $25. New tools are for suckers.
815448Nice. That little turd peaking out behind my big blue is one I just got for free, very similar to the bottom box on yours. She's dirty as fuck though and needs alot of TLC and drawer slide grease. I'm going to use her for a home rig live in a small apartment, not much room for a workshop or alot of tools anyways.
Note: I fix wind instruments.Since I work mobile I have distilled my toolset to this setup. Everything not in the tray fits into the box neatly on the left. Plastic for saving weight, though admittedly I have smashed the same model of box by falling on it with an instrument. Tray sits nicely on top of the box's lid.I've found that I can fix most things with just these tools and a couple supplies from the normal toolchest pads, felts, etc.. Dent work has its own set of tools as well.
815474And packed away.
815474Might try getting a craftsman composite carry box. Not see-through, but might take more of a beating.
The main drawer I do 70% oh my work out of.
815695BUMP
Mine. Guess my trade.
816176handsawplaneslevelsquarechisels? facing downgeneral carpentry?
816179Naval carpentry. Probably the last one in my country to make 100% wood boats.
Here's a part of tools I use the most
816185I was gonna guess professional faggot.jk your tools are awesome and your work looks awesome.
815441Thinking of buying a Gerber multi plierpic relatedIts second hand, and im buying it for 30 euros. Should i or should i not?
816190using a folding rulereverHow inconsistent do you want to be exactly?
815441Out of interest, it seems normal that each mechanic in the US has their own tools, instead of using the tools of the company they work for. Is this indeed so?I never saw this in .eu, but that may be just me. Also it seems odd that you need to buy your own tools, when you wearing them down/breaking them while working for somebody else. pic semi related, what would /diy/do
816202Actually, I've never used my folding ruler. I though it would be nice for the picture because my folding ruler is so lonely since my dad gave it to me
816206Uh huh. So, how many of those other tools are there just for looks?
816199Looks like a Gerber 600. They are decent but that price is very high. They go for half that on eBay.
816207All
816185what is your country?
816210I know, but that needs to be shipped all the way to the netherlands
816226Pretty meh. they are excellent pliers and cutters. The tools are all middling. Knife needs to sharpened all the time. File shattered really easy.
816303Agreed. I got a few for free and at that price they couldn't be beat. Better that that SOG shitool that was for sale at the time. That said, I got a $25 Leatherman as a gift that smoked them. I once owned a Swisstool, before a co-worker walked off with it, and it was the best tool I have ever owned.
816313816303816303Thanks guys, seriously reconsidering now..
816203Depends on the dealer. I would say atleast 90% of US dealers you bring your own tools and box.And don't think of it as wearing down tools. If you buy a good tool brand Cornwell, snap on, matco, some craftsman, the tools will last you your entire career. If not? All hand tools for the above companies have a lifetime warranty. They fail? You get a new one. You're more likely to have to repurchase a tool because you lost it rather than it breakingYour tools are like a resume. The more you have, the more it speaks for your skill tools cost money, money means skill. Also, instead of having a standardized set, you can get tools for your skill level or work style. One tool can mean the difference between a job taking one hour or five hours. Also, DIY pic related. I installed that power strip in my box. Drilled through, installed a grommet for the cord to go through, cut off the original plug and used a replacement after I threaded the cord through.
816313I've got a Leatherman micra for EDC that I found at a car at a scrap yard. Best damn multi tool I've ever owned.
816333So, what is the general opinion about the gerber multi tool?
816336Never used a Gerber or anything else. But if all Leathermans are as good as this one, I'd definitely recommend. Never really been a multi tool guy, but with this Leatherman it changed my mind.
815695lol fucking greasemonkey doing 15 dollar oil changes....nice 10k dollar box
816203Yeah dude... sucks ass. I thought i was getting into an awesome career. Never was a 'car guy' but enjoyed fixin shit. Independent shop.. Here it's buy own tools. Get paid shit. I get peanuts. 12 yrs exp, A tech, diag MIL problems check engine light, electrical sys diag.. the works. Get a car, problem never seen before, learn how system works, leatarn how it can break, diag how it broke. Fix what broke. Be 100% right or get hell to pay. Don't have the special tool cuz u never even heard of it before? Boss be like 'you dont have the tool?!'. Wish i was still just greasemonkey doing 15$ oil changes...
816203appliance repair fag here, we buy our own tools... but that said at the end of the day they're sitting in my van in the driveway.... if I need to do something at home with them I need them... not sure I'd like having them at a shop...also if you look through craigslist in the states theirs a LOT of old retired mechanics trying to sell their boxes... always with the same refrain of "this cost me 35k but I'll sell for 20k, no haggling" .....
816332Your tools are like a resume. The more you have, the more it speaks for your skill tools cost money, money means skill.No. No one I've met in industry has ever gave a shit how big your tool box was or how many tools you had. Ever. Everybody with half a brain would look at the wheels on the tool box to see if they were beat to shit from moving from shop to shop.
816336Like I said, its okay. Firmly middle of the road. The priers are nice and the slide out feature can be handy but the flip out tools are pretty meh. As I said, better than a SOG but not as good as a Leatherman and miles away from a Swisstool.
816336Its a multi tool. Turn 360 degrees and walk away.
816374Whatever you say bro. If making fun of me over the Internet helps you get your rocks off, no salt off my block. Believe whatever you want.
816431Holy shit you guys get ass blasted over anything, it was just a metaphor. Of course it isn't your entire fucking resume, that's what ASEs are to help with. It's just saying a tech that says he has a ton of experience and can flag shit out the whaazoo will probably be more trusted if he has a nice, quality set of tools compared to a horror freight box filled with shit from Steves wholesale.
816457Dont let him get to you m8,Nice tools, keep doing what you like doing!
816450Why?Its not something i'd use for everything but just to carry around with me for if i ever need a tool but only have that thing with me
Alrright,I decided to buy a multitool just for having it with me at all the times, might come in handy once a lifetime.gerber 600or leatherman OHT?
816577Skeletool cxDo you actually do enough cutting with the wrong tool that you need replaceable carbide inserts?
816588No i dont, i just need it to carry with me everywhere i go.I have had multiple occasion where i didnt have my toolbox with me because i wasnt working and i suddenly need pliers or screwdriversSo its just some handy gadget to carry with me while im not working
816600but i liked the sliding mechanism, that was the main reason for one of captcha:grilled chicken=bread
I fix dents
Toolbag
816203I'm 815474 and a majority of these tools are mine. Generally the shop will pay for any tools larger than this since they can't expect every tech to be carrying their own set of steel dent mandrels. In the case of the mechanic they still provide plenty of tools in shop, like the car lift. However, hand tools are personal and while I really like my setup the next guy to take my place will probably have a completely different setup that he prefers.As far as breaking down the only tools I've broken are tiny screwdrivers which cost a few dollars. Never broken pliers but even those rarely go over $100 a pair.It's also nice that I own my own tools so that I can fix my own instruments with them while not on company time.
816176Did you build your own box? I reckon every carpenter should, a nice little project to prove your own skills. Also a custom box is the best way to care for your tools.
Ohhhhh, yummy wrenches. Another easy, cheap DIY. Scrap copper wire from houses that were just wired. Wrap it around a broom handle for bigger wrenches, or a pencil for smaller wrenches, then space it out a bit for a cheap, effective and easy wrench rack.
816965I dont agree, i hang everything on my wall, and throw everything in my dewalt bag when i need it.I absolutely love those dewalt bags, if the law would allow it, i'd marry one of those bags
Here's mine.
819056
815441ahahaahahahaI never let someone that uses craftsman tools work on my car
815695alright i give you a break, at least you have sanp on ratchets
819058Plomb, Proto and Sherman-Klove, nice.
817403thats a fucking good idea how to keep your spanners organised, might just do this myself
817403that coil thing is actually pretty good idea
I dont pay weekly on a 10k box, but i do hope to get a larger one soon.If anyone can guess what i do you get bonus points
819237I just started about a year ago so i barely have the bare minimum
819237And yes, today i used the coiled wire. Tanks anon
819237I dont use metric very often, though that will be my next purchases as i build a home tool kit
819237The other drawers arnt as neat so ill stop here
Hello, /diy/. I saw a couple of plans to build various shelters and tiny houses around here, so if I can find any experts related to this field, they are dwelling on this board.Recently I've learned about this Eco-capsule, that is currently being created by some Slovaks http://www.ecocapsule.sk/ or here: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/26/tiny-house_n_7443744.html. My question is: what's your opinion about it? Not much specific informations were provided by them. What do you think, what solutions they used or could be used for issues such as high outisde temperature, low outside temperature possibly with lack of sun, what they used for toilets to save water and if it would be possible to add inside some laundring machine. Clearly in some areas it would be more effective than in others. It probably wouldn't work in antarctica or any other cold areas - too much heating with not enough sun. In general what do you think about living there 365 days per year?
818763living in a coffinLiterally the most disgusting thing I could think of. Could only possibly be appealing to NEETs and other losers who own nothing and have no money. You must be trolling, or severely retarded.
818763Well OP you dun goofed.You didn't lurk long enough to learn how bad you are going to be received by using the term "tiny house" on this board.I know "/diy/ they make stuff! I can get some inspiration here? Sorry, it's a strange evolution of board culture turned to meme to hate all threads about small structures and alternative living.Best to try to fit in and get one of those good jobs your grand-daddy used to talk about before he started drinking himself to death in front of the 24 hour news cycle after forced retirement.Just disregard the fact this generation is the most heavily indebted group of people in know human history. It's just you and you alone everyone else is doing fine. Their is something wrong with you for not making 5 figures.Just keep your head down and pray somebody will vote for something that will fix it all up.Don't even think about learning to live comfortably with less. Just get some credit cards and buy bigger shit. Quality of life, just like your own self worth is based solely on your purchasing power. Why would you want a self sustainable custom built habitat specifically designed for your life style. Just rent a big ugly box and fill it with crap you don't use more than a few times a year at most. So your not a looser any more... right?But if this rant was sarcasm and I too have been doing research into this I would look into "coffin motels", submarine/ship utilities plumbing and maybe even start looking up some of the mars colony rover concepts for insulation and long term small space habitation layouts.I might even think about weaving material structure webbing, Mylar insulation, utility tubes air/ water/ power into a laminated skin, maybe even use positive air pressure to add rigidity to the structure.
it's a lovely idea, isn't it?as an amateur, i spent months designing capsule rooms and hotel arrangements and all sorts of blueprints and solutions to all the problems i encountered. looking into feasibility of different materials. trying out modular concepts, universal arrangements, swappable parts and etc.this was during some period of severe mental illness, and i soon grew out of it, but i'd love if interest in all this stuff kicked off, or if some other board were created specifically for this purpose. there were plenty of tiny house threads back in the day, no idea why the only replies thus far have been negative, but i might have been away for too long
818844looser
81876310/10 Would inhabit. Meanwhile I'll settle for a gutted minivan.
818862Probably because everybody got bitter about seeing 5 shipping container and tiny home threads being made at the same time.
Imagine a campsite full of these. You know people would give you money to sleep in them because people are stupid.
I have some old headphones that are just like pic related but the foam is starting to come apart. Do you have any ideas on how to replace them?
google for it. they sell them here and there, radio shack, for example. have also seen them in little boutiques that specialize in headphones. or buy dollar-store headphones and transfer the foam.
yep, just verified, Radio Shack still has 'em. just like they did 20 years ago.
819053I'll search for them downtown then, there are like 4 blocks specialized in audio, thanks m8.
819054Man, the don't build them like before anymore unless they are some V-Moda or alike.
819054This is why I miss RadioShack in general. They were the go-to place for electronics and replacement parts. They've been gone locally for close to ten years.
I drove by one yesterday. Middle of BFE but they still exist.
819195they went bankrupt months ago, i cleaned the local out of $1000 in discretes for $100 all told while the sheboon manager screamed at her staff because she didn't want to take the blame on herself for running a shit store and getting laid off
Hey /diy/I could really use some help here.What you see in the picture is a light cover or lampshadenot english here.I need to make a coffee table out of it, so i am going to stick together planks and cut that out in a circle exactly the size of the diameter-2xSize of the aluminumBut what i need help with is, how do i make something for that thing so it stands on legs or something, so it doesnt roll over, and gets a little extra height.I was thinking about making a wooden tripod or quadpod? but i have no idea how to do that.If i know what to make, i can make it but i just dont know the design for this..Any input would be fantastic!
817636
817636Diameter is about 70 cm, height is 35
You don't want a rolly coffee table?
817646817646I googled that, but im not sure what you are trying to say.Do you mean using legs like those tables? Im not going to cut pieces off the sphere, I want it to stay like this, im going to put some sand or concrete inside so its heavier on bottom than top
817636How about this? would this look nice?Only the legs ofcourse.Can someone explain how those legs are stuck together?
817680forgot pic
817636817680Best bet would be to notch the joint portion of 2 of them so that they flush up. Then drill thru the center of the joint and use a newel bolt and glue to add the remaining 2 pieces. Easier would be to take a 1x12, 2x12, or project board and notch them together length wise  so it looks like a + sign from above then get creative with a jigsaw after you cut in the scoop on the top and add some nice swoop notches on the sides and bottom.
817722Like this but the top notched out to accept the lamp shade, then just go to town on those sides and bottom there with you own design.
817722817724Allright! will keep you updated, thanks
817682The way those legs are connected look like one of those impossible puzzles though,,
817722I tried googling what notchin and flushing up means, could you or someone explain this?My english isnt terrible but i never had to use english for diy projects..
817804Notching: making a cut, sometimes v shaped, for fitting a second or third, etc. piece into. Flushing up: making edges match / line up, so that neither part a nor part b extends farther than the other.
817830Ah allright, that clears it up a bit.In this picture 817682 they made a cross with 2 pieces, and made it fit together by notching, and the third leg was cut in in 2 pieces and screwed on the cross with for example a newel bolt, right?
817833Dont mind this thread, just bumping so it wont be lost before i post an update
818498Get 4 or more blocks of wood slightly taller than the lamp, cut notches in said wood to insert over the opening of said lampshade. Get long plank of wood and cut to connect to said legs on top. Now your coffee table has 5! legs, 4wooden, 1 lamp shade, and you can put a piece of plastic/glass in the frame you built for ease of use/cleaning/lighting protection.
818613Yeahh i have no idea what you are trying to say man.
817636OP, get a sheet of plexy/steel/alu, cut a nice round hole in the middle of place, affix wheels/legs to four corners,and place egg in hole. I will look awesome, and you can be creative with the size of the plate, and the size of the hole. Just make sure you match it with the length of wheels/legspic unrelated
817804Sorry, I was having issues posting a reply.So, what you do is make a notch on each piece that is the width of the board and half the depth of the thickness. You can do this a variety of ways. A circular saw set to the xorrest depth, a jigsaw, etc. I prefer to set my sliding miter saw to the right depthz chock it off the fence with some wood and make a bunch of passes. Just makes for a cleaner cut.
817804818837Then once they are cut out, they join together at those notches and flush up. This takes care of 2 legs. Then for the 3rd, you drill a hole for the double sided lag right square thru the center of that joint. Measure and cut what the top and bottom lengths are, drill a hole in each end, glue and tighten it down, which should square up the leg if the cuts a square.
817636how about something like this, OP?a simple box with a hole, you can glue the bowl. maybe some wheels situated a bit far from the edges just to hide them.i'd go with a glass or acrilic top, loosing that orange color is a sin.
Thanks for the replies, im going to respond tomorrow.I glued the planks together and i used dowels, but the planks arent really straight so i hope the weight thats laying on the table right now with planks glued to the bottom will keep it atleast a bit straight.Will post pic tomorrow!
818873or you could get a cheap plastic basin, stick a section of a styrofoam dome to the bottom and pour some nice concrete.that way you can cast a nice truncated cone stand for the bowl, which you can glue to the cavity left by the styrofoam. and keep the glass top.it would be perfect for the Supersonics house
why not something like this?
818882
818883you just had to cut 3 pieces like this, i'd advise wood, but you can go from any metal to some sort of plastic, easy to make, stable, and looks goodYou could leave the wood texture, polish it and apply some waxpost results if you do so
818884that looks like the perfect, most simple solution
818884Op here, that looks awesome, gonna read the replies above tomorrow, but i must say, that looks pretty damn cool.The plan i head to make the tripod is scrapped, it will get way too high and i doubt it will look nice.Such a big ball on three little sticks.Im really wondering how the wood for the table turns out.. i used pallet wood so its moving a lot and im getting what do you call that, crannies? spaces in between the wood.But its my first project so thats not a big deal i guess.Thanks for the input, will be back tomorrow
818884Will three hold it in balance though? wouldnt it wobble?
So i almost finished the wooden part, but im wondering if losing the orange is bad.As someone else pointed out it would be a waste to lose the color and im not sure what to do.Im currently sanding the wood, and after that im going to cut it out in a circle and slap some oil on it.
819225Also, i dont like the fact that im losing the dark color the wood had, im not sure how it will turn out after the oil, im hoping some color will come back
819227And i just now see what pattern the table is..because the picture is sideways.oh god
Hi diy, I've assisted in an engineering and pre-school family business in the past few years. Through time I've learned the ins and outs of printing pdf's in great quality, using great ink and great paper and have also found a cheap yet effective third-party binding service outside. So in short, I am capable already of printing my own books.Now, my idea is to invest some cash into buying a printer with continuous ink system, and rig it for black-only printing. I've already talked with my printer tech guy and he said yes, the color-catridges last long efficiently and would function fine in using pure black ink in all catridges of Cyan, Magenta & Yellow.I am a fan of books, I love them. I buy quality books from the bookstore, but the rare ones.. Those stuff I can't buy locally, like those from OSHO, David Deida, Dr. Hyman, etc etc.. I literally print them, and bind them.I can pretty much say that I can produce a similarand most of the time, larger, using whole short-bond papers version of the book at 50% of the whole cost. Well, say 70% if I have to factor-in my expertise, time and effort. I want to establish myself as a printing service for rare books. But diy, spare me, as currently I am only limited by the shelf of the books that I am interested in. Hence I would love to hear from you and ideas on stuff that I can print on black-only ink, and could be rare.Say, war manuals like those from paladin press, underground books? the OSHO stuff I print is rare because OSHO is a spiritual leader, rare books for real. Any more ideas on stuff I can print?Thanks diyps pic related, that's the printer i use. the colored catridges ink supply, i feed them with black ink. ;
You could print Zines. Big subculture of zines readers out there. Look up Crimethinc for anarchist material but lots of other zines subcultures too.
Reprint large font books for older people with bad eyes.
818774Any more ideas on stuff I can print?alot of occult library stuff available online but nearly impossible to find printed copies not in the $1000s of dollars price
Reprint military training manuals.Print manuals and warranty cards for small business manufacturers. Write some software that works like Moo.com's Printfinity to allow people to number their prints, put serial numbers on them and other useful things maybe only on front and back coverSpecialize, find a niche and do it well. Then can expand out.
818774any older manuals... But manuals should always be printed on those laminated style piece of paper that the pages can be cleaned with a damp rag and can suffer getting grease on them. Also some people like myself like having blown up copys of machines. Like the engineering drawings of internal combustion radial engines.The names of the large pieces escape my mind any drafting bros will know what they are called.
818774printing servicedocument printing in inkLol wut?
818774You dont want to use an inkjet for printing serviceSave up for a proper copier
, 
anyone have experience farming snails?i want to grow them with regular grass on my lawn. perhaps if they eventually devour it all and become overpopulated, i can just dump extra grass from mowing the rest of the yard into their pen.all snails are edible, and there are a variety called giant african land snails which grow to enormous sizes and reproduce absurdly fast. they are considered a pest in florida, where i'll be moving to, so i'm planning on collecting some, keeping them in a contained environment, and selling them later on.they are palatible from what i've read.i'm interested in finding plants that reproduce quickly that i can use as fodder as well. i'm thinking vines or something would be nice to cover the walls, a specialized grass for the floor, and some swiss chard in the middle. the swiss chard i have let grown unchecked becomes an absolute monster higher than 2 meters.anyway, that's my plan. anyone have advice for me?
818874If you're moving to Florida and are intending to grow invasive species anyway, you can grow potato vines aka air potato or kudzu on the fencing. That shit grows fast and is difficult to stop once it's going. Not sure the snails will eat it though.
818879good idea, though it might require constant trimming to get to all the snails hidingthe way you put it, growing invasive species, that sounds quite bad. i wonder if it's in fact legal. ill have to check on all of this
818900I used to do environmental preservation work in florida. It's legal to grow almost all invasive species, it's just frowned upon. The only species that are illegal are the ones that aren't supposed to make it past the port authority because they pose a threat to human life. Well, that and spreading canker around the orange groves because you didn't scrub down first.
818904Well, I should say pose a threat to human or animal life, or certain buisness
818904818905excellent news, thank you for the unexpected information
818874In many places this snail is a pest of agriculture and households with the ability to transmit both human and plant pathogens. Suggested preventive measures include strict quarantine to prevent introduction and further spread. This snail has been given top national quarantine significance in the United States.In the wild, this species often harbors the parasitic nematode Angiostrongylus cantonensis, which can cause a very serious meningitis in humans. Human cases of this meningitis usually result from a person having eaten the raw or undercooked snail, but even handling live wild snails of this species can infect a person with the nematode and thus cause a life-threatening infection.
818904So my diabolical business idea to raise emerald ash borers as chicken feed is totally legit?
818914yeah, apparently snails are not sources for this, rats are, so you can potentially prevent this sort of thing with careful planningsnail farming is a legit thing in other countries, but assuming gloves are worn at all times and everything is cooked after some purging, the risk just isn't thereit's more for wild snails, just ones you find somewhere for instance
818932Isn't your plan to get the snails that are around?Parasites of Achatina fulica include:Aelurostrongylus abstrususAngiostrongylus cantonensis — causes eosinophilic meningoencephalitisAngiostrongylus costaricensis — causes abdominal angiostrongyliasisSchistosoma mansoni — causes schistosomiasis, detected in faecesTrichuris spp. — detected in faecesHymenolepis spp. — detected in faecesStrongyloides spp. — detected in faeces and in mucous secretion
818920dude keep that shit out of america, every single foreign species that is wrecking everything was brought here by someone who said the same thing "Ill just be careful, Im not like the rest". No you are like the rest and when those things spread like the plague they are, it will be your fault.
818936the way primary hosts work, for parasites, is that if they are removed there is no infection for snails, and the cycle stopsin what you have listed, infected humans, rats, etc, and their feces, are the source of infectionnot sure what you're meaning to say, but all land snails are perfectly edible once purged and thoroughly cooked, regardless if they are infected with anything or not
819075What I'm say is that if you are gonna do it get them from someone who already breeds them instead of getting the ones you find around that have been eating poop.
819057You do realize they're already in the states right ? And by that logic how do you explain your white ass being here instead of Europe.Much butthurt
818874Keep in mind that many wild snails harbor many different kinds of parasites, some of which are capable of infecting humans. Make sure you cook them thoroughly and never eat a snail that has ever lived outside, raw. You should also never introduce a species of snail to a new environment where they were not previously present, they are huge pests that are responsible for a lot of devastation and cost poor farmers thousands to control. You cannot add even 1 snail, because they are able to produce asexually in many cases. Mostly this occurs when aquarium owners dump their water which contains very small exotic foreign snails in a waterway. This can very significantly alter the food chain and ecology of that system, often in negative ways.
818874Why in the fuck you would ever willingly cultivate an invasive species is beyond me. I hope you eat shit and die, you're destroying native wildlife and therefore the health of your surrounding environment. You're basically killing yourself, everyone close to you, and all animals very slowly. If this isn't highly illegal then it should be. Go choke on a dick, asshole.
8191465edgy7me. Y u so mad? Not like op plans to grow them in public waterways.
819075Parasites are a broad group of organisms that include protozoa, fungi, and many different types of microscopic worms invisible to the human eye. They can lay eggs that persist in the environment for years, even after bleaching and covering with concrete. There are fisheries in the midwest that are permanently shut down because even after all their efforts they can't eliminate parasites from exposing their fish. They are everywhere all the time, and probably the most abundant type of animal on earth. You can't just get rid of their primary host and not worry about it, many have life cycles that aren't necessarily dependent on a host for survival, and can live free in the environment most often in soil if needed. They are resourceful little fucks that can often jump hosts to survive, if necessary. You can never remove all exposure unless you keep them in an air-tight box where everything that goes in has been autoclaved or something. You probably won't have to worry about being infected yourself as long as you cook them thoroughly, but it's kind of crazy to think you can keep them from getting infected themselves. Snails are like the primary target for many parasites for at least one of their life cycles, and they don't always care what kind of snail it is. source: I took a parasitology course in college where we dissected snails from a local river. Their tissues are teeming with parasites, a snail's body is like a party for worms. I can't stress enough how ubiquitous they are, and the fact that most of the time they are only visible under a microscope, especially the really bad ones.
819151They will get there if they are living in his yard, it only takes one rain storm to wash one away and a new population can start. The only case would be if the container had zero holes larger than the diameter of newly hatched offspring.
819136Not the person you're responding to, but this is flawed thinking. They can still spread and you can still completely fuck over conservationists by establishing new breeding populations. It's doubtful we'll ever exterminate them all but at least now they can be controlled enough to minimize loss. The more you add, the worse the problem gets. It wouldn't be that bad if they weren't responsible for loss of food productivity and weren't carriers of human pathogens. But they are, which is why millions are spent trying to control their already rampant population. Don't be the one dick that is actively making the problem worse. It's like trying to stop a house fire that's in one room by setting all the other rooms on fire.
819153Are you fifteen? You sound fifteen. Op started he was keeping them in a contained setting, and used the terms "walls" and "floor" -- what makes you think he's growing them in his yard? Was it the part where he said he could feed them with grass clippings FROM his yard? Work on your reading comprehension there, buddy.
819154stop a house fire that's in one room by setting all the other rooms on fire.That's crazy. So crazy, it just might work.
819152freshwater snails are not the same as land snails, which must breathe air, remain on and, etc. their environents are vastly different as well, so a comparison of wild pond snails in shitty water to cultivated land snails in a pen is just silly. there isn't much of a problem for what they carry anyway, adequate cooking and removal of their hepato-pancreas renders them safe to eat, but growers/farmers need not even concern themselve's with all of this, only places serving food and the like819146because they are palatable, already established, reproduce and grow at ideal rates. if you have them enclosed, they can't get away, but it wouldn't matter much anyway, since they are already established. it's an interesting source of food with minimal effort involved that i feel should at least be tried. it isn't illegal, and it seems you are offended mostly by the idea than anything else, but i'm not here to change your outlook on things. if you are against it, go propose some new law or regulation or something
819165I was surprised to see Schistosoma mansoni on the list of diseases the giant african snail can carry. Because this disease usually is associated with aquatic snails.
818920819057819154This is 4chan, how did some of you fail to miss the joke. Diabolical shoulda been the first clue.
819136How do you explain how you're so racist against non-whites you act like they don't exist or are too dumb to post on 4chan even though you have no reason to assume that poster is white, your support of the genocide of native Americans you're pro-invasive species, and the introduction of whites lead to natives being reduced to a tiny, isolated population, your call for genocide against whites, your encouragement of the spread of emerald ash borers which cause the most harm to vulnerable African Americans, and your complete inability to use punctuation properly? Why is there a space before your question mark? You're the most ignorant, hateful bigot in the entire world.819155He's never going to contain them properly. He can't even manage to use capital letters.
819201please, just hide my thread. you're rudely detracting from the point of this thread with your ad hominem attacks and i can't see what you hope to gain from making all of these flawed assumptions
819201Reference819186
, 
I was thinking about making a black soldier fly composter. I saw some DIY models online and all but I couldn't find any of the, explaining in details why X part is like that. Any tips? If I let the fly return to the place where the garbage and the larvae are will it lay more eggs there? Some seems to make the fly lay eggs on cardboard. Do I need to place the cardboard over food or can I leave it hanging and when the eggs eclode the larvae will drop on the food? Any design you find particularly efficient?
818646That sounds like an awful mess. Are you a spider or something? Go for something useful like a worm composter. At least you'll have clean compost and worm castings to keep your plants happy.
818759Black soldier fly larvae BSFL are used to compost and sanitize wastes, and/or convert the wastes into animal feed. The harvested pupae and prepupae are eaten by poultry, fish, pigs, turtles; even dogs. The wastes include fresh manure, food wastes of both animal and vegetable origin.They prevent houseflies and blowflies from laying eggs in the material inhabited by black soldier fly larvae.They are usually not a pest.They are not attracted to human habitation or foods. As a detritivore and coprovore, the egg-bearing females are attracted to rotting food or manure.Black soldier flies do not fly around as much as houseflies. They are very easy to catch and relocate when they get inside a house, as they do not avoid being picked up, they are sanitary, and they do not bite or sting. Their only defense seems to be hiding. When using a wet grub bin that will collect or kill all the pupae, the black soldier fly population is easy to reduce by killing the pupae/prepupae in the collection container, before they become flies. They may be killed by freezing, drying, manually feeding to domestic animals, putting the collection container in a chicken coop for automatic feeding, or feeding to wild birds with a mouse/pest-proof feeder.Significant reductions of E. coli 0157:H7 and Salmonella enterica were measured in hen manure.They quickly reclaim would-be pollutants: Nine stinky organic chemicals were greatly reduced or eliminated from manure in 24 hours.They quickly reduce the volume and weight of would-be waste: The larval colony breaks apart its food, churns it, and creates heat, increasing compost evaporation. Significant amounts are also converted to carbon dioxide respired by the grubs and symbiotic/mutualistic microorganisms.They are self harvesting, when the larvae matures it eliminates all the content of their guts and move to a higher ground so if you place a ramp they will climb it and drop in the collection bin where they can be used as animal feed.
they are essentially worms in the way the decomposebbut when they are ready to mature, they climb/wiggle to higher groundsyou exploit this by creating a path/tube for them to use, and then having a bucket or something at the endin this way they are self-harvestinghope this helps
818820Yes, I just want to know how to keep it a cycle. How to ensure that the adults will lay their eggs on the composter. This way I could collect most of the mature larvae but leave some to repopulate the composter.
818825If you're in a moderately temperate enviroment with light freezing then native populations exist.BSF will lay their eggs above the waste so whatever you build to start your colony should have corrugated material for them to lay in.I have two large 8'×3' bin with two ramps on either side that drop down to buckets. Every day I get the buckets and throw a handfull about a dozen out into the garden beds. The rest get split between the freezer and the chicken coop.By putting a bunch in the beds to pupate im ensuring that the local population thrives and comes back to lay more eggs.My uncle-in-law has a resturaunt and brings a big pale of discarded food by every night for me on his way home. Everything gets thrown in from green clippings, meats, grease, fats, shells.When production slows down we stop feeding it and the bin dies when the last of the larvae leave. By then its cooling down so it gets dumped into the worm farm in the garage for winter. Come spring its beautiful loamy loose compost
818759Are you a spider
819048I can buy them as fishing for really cheap. I just don't want to have to bother with it. Also our climate is tropical. The worse it can get is reach 0°C on a really cold night in a really cold winter. Usually the coldest it gets is 5°C.
819048Will they get in the bin to lay eggs even if there is just one small entrance or do I have to let it open?
819070Had to find sauce for that. If anyone else is interested: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oRRBPdM6Wc
819080My big bins have one 2"pvc opening on the top that ive seen females use. They also squeeze in through the gaps in the lid.
818825they will keep the cycle going if you just let some of them mature
Hey guys, what is a good way to make your front door breaching-proof? Against criminals of course.I know how to protect it against a battering ram many burglers these days use by having a large expandable pole of hardend steel that fits between the door and the wall behind it, which protects it against brute force, but how about criminals who would want to use a chainsaw to enter your cozy home?I was thinking about making an inner wall at the inside of the door filled with small metal balls, so when thiefs try to saw open your door this shit would shoot thousands of small metal balls around, which might scare them off.However, i'm not quite sure if this is effective. So i've been thinking, maybe there is a way to have something at the inside of the door like something tougher than a chainsaw that when cut into would jam the saw or even break the chain. Maybe metal strings of titanium? What would be strong enough?Also what is a good way to make a very big electro magnet that you can trigger using a panic button that would fry your computer and harddrives in an instant in case these burglers are out for your own personal financial digital files?Thanks for brainstorming with me /diy/ it's for a school subject btw.
817418
817418How about live wire? What would happen if you saw into a live wire? Unless the burglers would use rubber gloves?
817419ONETWOICHI NI SAN
817418Also, what would be the best equipment would I need to start a child pornography ring?
817422Epic meme xd But irrelevant to the subject or the asked questions.
817418make the door a sandwich or wood and metalI doubt you could cut a steel bar with a chainsaw easily if at all, a flat metal plate in the door would require plunge cuts with the tip which would increase difficulty.noise in the house from balls rolling about won't scare anyone chainsawing a door down even if they could hear it.you could try and break the chain with titanium ropes, you have to decide if you are ok with mutilating or maiming the attacker when the chain breaks and takes their eye out.i wouldn't trust magnets to wipe everything.people used to say thermite which would be very dangerous unless it's in a concrete lined bunker with nothing else combustible. It's slow too but nobody is getting near it while its working so not a big issue.the main problem you have is if you aren't really worried about 'burglars' at all. if there's a warrant to search your house and you are found destroying evidence you are probably just getting yourself in deeper doodoo.
817427Of course i dont expect this kind of company as i dont do anything illegal myself and because this is 4chan i added some 'humor' in the thread but im still interested in how you would go about doing something, its an interesting subject
If any one of those steel balls hits the "robbers", you could be charged with assault of a "robber". You'll go to prison for a while. They'll argue in court that you purposely set up dangerous booby traps Any modification done to your house needs to be non lethal. Best case scenario: it stalls the intruders long enough for you to destroy whatever it is your have to. You aren't gonna be able to run or hide
817429817427yeah man, i guess if robbers would get an heart attack from the sound the alarm makes you would get sued too right?MMMMUURICAA
817418way to make your front door breaching-proofCame across this on-line and was thinking something similar could be done at home, using sturdy door hinges appropriately machined and a galvanized pipe for the cross bar.Of course, it only works if you're in the house.
817435looks neathow about an automated turret? is there any way to make it so it doesnt shoot at yourself only at unidentified people?
817435implying it would take someone even 5 minutes longer taking the door out with that piece of metal there
817454but imagine the faces on the popo when their breaching shot doesn't immediately work.
817420Well most chainsaws handle & button are made of plastic which is non conductive.
817418Decent metal sheets.
If you have a steel bar behind the door, 9/10 they will aim for the centre of the door with the chainsaw, a chainsaw colliding with steel is going to fuck it up big time, probably snapping the chain
817418Why don't you just go rob a bank after putting lemon juice all over your face while you're at it?
817478Yes - the look that will still be on their faces 20 seconds later when they come through the window instead.Vindictive rage.Vindictive rage that's now staring you in the face. With guns. And sticks. And body armor. Prepare to be heavily beaten as these vindictive rage bearers now act in "self defense" against your violent "holy crap stuff the goods in the couch while high oops the dog walked off with it 20 minutes and you were too loaded to notice crap is that the ceiling or the floor?" assault.
817515Seems like you are easily triggered.All I'd need is my Warrior Series Katana.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3nAuowwqhI
817418Do you realize how fucking loud a chainsaw is? Who would try to use one for a break in? Besides chainsaw chains are fragile. Metal bar in door.
OP won't trick me into watching 4 days of breaching training videos. Been there, done that.
I went with the 10-feet-of-concrete-3-feet-of-solid-steel-blastdoor-option. Just make sure you don't lock yourself out.
During 1990s there was rampant burglary in Russia. People quickly adopted and in every neighborhood metalwork or car shops started to manufacture steel doors and frames. It is not that they will stop motivated burglar mheh, if they know you keep 10Ks of dollars inside your home, but they will probably delay them enough for police to arrive. 1. 3mm steel sheet inside or outside, preferable heat treated. 2. 5mm L or U shape iron for frame 3. Hinges must be on inside or in frame 4. Lever tumbler lock with multiple cylinder bolts locking the door in all 4 directions 5. Hard alloy or ceramic plate to protect lock mechanism 6. Second lock that uses different principle. 7. Hooks on vertical sides of the door and holes in the frame that will hold the door after the bolts and hinges were destroyed 8. Mount the frame on 20mm rebar rods cemented into the wall, at least 50cm deep.However, they would defeat all this with a truck , a chain and a hook to pull whole thing out of the wall.If you think concrete saves, take a look on concrete chainsaws on ebay.
buy a steel inner dooralsoif the FBI/ATF/DEA/NSA/ can't kick down your door then they will just burn you out like Dorner
817515Prepare to be heavily beaten as these vindictive rage bearersimplying they wouldn't have found another excuse to escalate
817418Inb4 you piss em off enough, they just go through a window instead
817418doors opening into more doorsput mirrors everywhere. ball pitfollow your dreams, anon.
817534bunker anon pls
817632Anon, why do you need this loan?I need a warehouse, 10 tons of rha steel, 300 steel doors, 1 ton of ball pit balls and a tiger...why?things
817632And yakity sacks playing at 130db
817534pretty stupid, all you need is a ladder
817632hall of mirrors with ball pit balls filling the first 3 feet of ittactical swat teamhidden tripwires among the ballsN50 magnets in the balls that latch onto anything they touch that is metalrail on the ceiling for the antagonist to hang on and run around on, playing with the swat teamGlorious capeshit movie scene.
817681I'd pay to see that.
817534Bunker bro, when are you going to start accepting henchmen applications? And what's your theme going to be?
817418In Britain we use steel security doors. You can't really breach them. As long as the frame is properly fitted that is.
817419lol what movie is this?
12 Gauge shotgun with pitbull rounds. Breach away!
Build a steel cage inside the door. Spring load the door to close itself after enterimgonly a key can open the door from inside.never lock door
817711In Britain we use steel security doors. You can't really breach them.kek top
See if the /fucko/ threads are still around on /g/. They were all about this.Bottom line, though, if the fucko squad comes by your house, you don't have the time to degauss your pizza.
817534Hows it going bunker anon?I havnt seen you post in ages now.Did you ever get that flooding taken care of?
mfw i can open doors using my highlift jack with ease just spread the frame at the knob and deadbolt till it opens
One of these threads again. lolhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnslSas5ZOQ817744That depends on the frame and size of bolts used.
817435Unless your door has a steel core, that's not gonna do shit. Take a sledgehammer, break out the bottom of the door, crawl through.
817746Just needs steel walls and windows. A halligan bar would have gottem them in eventually.
817534O hai bunker bro. Glad to see you're still breathing.
817661Damn, you´re right. Back to the drawing board for me.817708Shall I hold any henchman number for you?817737Yes. Got all the water under control, most of it goes directly into a passive french drain system down the mountain. Only three places where I had to use pumps due to the area being lower than the piping out. Final cost of being dry is about $1 per day in electricity.on topic;You might want to have a look at this website for security doors or bad ass locks.http://dveri.com.ua/articles/Zakazat_i_kupit_dveri_v_Kieve.htmlNeed to run it thru google translate.
817784eventuallyWater dripping on it would have gotten them in eventually.
817746Just bump the locks.
817418In addition to a strong door and frame: swing door out.
817418Buy an Astas door have it imported from Turkey.https://youtu.be/mkP1rA5Jhpw
Quotes because greentext is for children:" So i've been thinking, maybe there is a way to have something at the inside of the door like something tougher than a chainsaw that when cut into would jam the saw or even break the chain. Maybe metal strings of titanium? What would be strong enough?"Leave the original door as an obstacle then frame a second custom door made from quarter-inch steel plate in a quarter-inch thick 2x4 welded steel framed vestibule behind it. Door one looks innocent yet expends energy when breached then wreckage becomes an obstacle to attacking steel door which cannot be breached with a hand carried ram or breaching shotgun if you do it properly which means multiple crossbar bolts connecting steel door to holes in frame. This can all be integrated into innocent decor including using woodgrain painting kits on visible steel outer surfaces!Don't overthink shit. That's dumb and useless and teentardish. Think "military" and "industrial" construction."Also what is a good way to make a very big electro magnet that you can trigger using a panic button that would fry your computer and harddrives in an instant in case these burglers are out for your own personal financial digital files?"Wrong idea reflecting tech illiteracy. Your destruction-worthy files should be on one or two at most for redundancy SPINNER hard disks for ease of expedient destruction.You can mount these in a hidden space to delay discovery. You can position a cartridge-actuated fastener gun against the drive case by welding up a stout metal mount which depresses the gun safety. You can fire by concealed mechanical switch or by an electrically actuated solenoid automobile starter noids are strong enough, get the core and arm etc from the starter when prototyping. Nail instantly shatters the platters while opening case to atmosphere. Entire setup is compact enough to wrap in rubber matting to deaden sound and conceal in a wall or furniture.
Apparatus could fit easily in a microwave oven case. Nobody is gonna go for an oven immediately in a raid if it's in a normal position in the kitchen.For fun, connect an old spinner to a spare power supply you won't mind possibly shorting then shoot a powder-actuated fastener through the case. Save pics for project.Used powder-actuated tools are cheap on Craigslist.
817420Nothing
817926greentext is for childrenUsing 4chan the way it was designed is for children?
Why don't you put a sensor to the door that goes apeshit when the dooe gets broken? A simple cable that gets cut or something is enough to trigger some kind of cleaning mechanism for your computer or other stuff you don't want anybody to see.I actually thought about building a "HOLY FUCKING SHIT" button to trigger something like that. Just for lulz, I'm only a boring nerd.
Since destroying evidence is illegal, and we don't want to do illegal things, how to properly and quickly wipe my data without destroying the hardware?
The cheapest way is simply to use a strong thread/wire that will tangle in the chainsaw when the door is cut. Same thing they do for chainsaw clothing.
817446Of course there is. But if you're too stupid to figure out how it's done, you're definitely too stupid to be working with guns.
818266Isn't wiping the data still considered destroying of evidence?
818274I'd like it to look like the drive simply didn't contain data, or some other way that doesn't attract trouble
818327Well there's Darik's boot n' nuke, but that's going to look like you uh...nuked it.
818329/g/ here, #1 encrypt your harddrives. It's not fool proof but it helps#2 make some type of keyboard short key kill switchMine simply runs, dd across mbr. This takes maybe a second. If you thought guessing the decryption key was going to be fun, guessing the key for a guessed mbr is going to be even more fun.The basic idea behind it is it takes too long guess/break/brute force the correct key. Now that you obliterated the lock to the safe metaphorically speaking you now have to guess what lock was there, then guess the key. Your work just compounded exponentially. #3 I run shred for kicks, it doesn't even have to run, let alone finish...Now of course I don't store anything illegal, but if my computers are indeed confiscated, I'm not going to let prosecutors post screenshots of text messages to old friends just to watch me squirm in my seat. They can go to hell.
818345Wouldn't make the damnest bit of difference.You're guessing the session key of the partition, which means you don't care about the logical structure. You're just going to pick any old sector, and brute-force the session key on it.Once you've got cleartext, you've got the whole partition, and the computational effort involved is exactly the same as bruteforcing the saved keys.If there's is more than one partition, your work compounded, at best, linearly.The only thing your mechanism does is prevents anyone that knows the secrets getting in. Whether that's a good thing or not is up to you, but I'd expect, seeing as your boss doesn't have an eyepatch and an awesome trenchcoat, that the more likely scenario is you locking yourself out your own data forever.
817713The Core
817435Get SOLID METAL DOORS, and SOLID FRAMES for said doors. Make sure the walls are composite materials, combination of wood/drywall/concrete/steel/sheet metal. Solid concrete/stone foundation. EXPENSIVE.Bonus for having a house/building in this day and age that will outlast most companies until demolition is brought in. Steps leading up to all doors help to prevent battering rams effectiveness. Moats help to prevent ease of access to sides of housegators in Florida/snakes Solid metal slide locks and cross bars, built into the door and behind said doors. Windows will need to be composite glass/plastic with metal bars/frames. Electricity is illegal except for properly labeled and setup/payed for fencing. Solid foundations help prevent tunneling/digging under. But one of the greatest protections is appearance/information control.
817836Have internal storage for said water/treatment so you don't die of dehydration/poisoning of your water supply villain SIR. Ten or more steps UP to each door helps to reduce usable leverage against said entry points. Moats help to prevent good footing for said machinery to breach walls/doors/windows. Just have to protect from draining/shit/piss/chemicals.
818474also doesn't cover inherant weakness of internet connectivity, wireless in all its current wifi forms is almost instantly hacked/watchable. Wired the same because of service provider backdoors and router hacks for every router under the sun. Real reason major money/financial groups use microwave transmission for sensitive money transfers is that its EASY and FAST to track ANY attempts to get at said data streams. Hard to explain a microwave dish/transmitter in the controlled airspace of the data transfer area.
817418https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnslSas5ZOQ/thread
818266Use a decoy hard drive. Put the real hard drive in a location that's not physically accessible and access it wirelessly.
818474Good points. However I'll accept them having to brute force guess a stupid long session key over just handing it over anyday.
818640Not true.WPA2/RADIUS is only crackable by guessing the key; with knowledge of only your own key, you can decrypt only packets that were intended for you in the first place.
818795Not true. You can hack wifi by listening to the packets and watching for a four-way handshake. You can then try to decrypt the handshake or replay it to gain access.
818799uuuhhhhhhhhhhh even with the handshake packets all of them so you need to be in range of both parties you still need to brute force the password.that replay thing is so stupid it hurts me to think you actually believe it.i think you can spam bad packets to force a handshake but there is no way you can just replay it to become authenticated yourself.
818799You don't even get to handshake until you satisfy the RADIUS server.
817924wall gives way before the door doesFuck it, I'm getting two of these. Do they sell windows too?
Anybody /homebrewing/ here?What's your favorite style, how long have you been brewing etc.?
814911Thinking about doing a saison by harvesting some yeast from a bottle of saison dupont. Been homebrewing for about 8 years and it would be the 5th time I've used yeast from a saison dupont bottle.
8149128 years, niceI'm fairly new, I've only done like 10 batches so far. Do you keep notes about what you brew? I'm thinking about starting doing so, to learn faster
814911I started homebrewing half a year ago. I currently got a Saison and an IPA fermenting. oh, yeah, and an IPA with Brett C in secondary...
814918Yah, I have two notebooks full of notes. Doesn't seem so useful at first, but after you have notes on a bunch of different batches, including trying to do the same style 3 times in a row and make them identical, the notes really start to come in handy. Doing 3 identical batches is much harder than you would think.Also, I've never used a kit. I started by inheriting some materials and just went from there. Most of the stuff I do now is partial mash recipes, which I find harder to perfect than all grain recipes. Kits are great and everything, but the yeast is usually a dry packet, plus I like big beers so even if I'm following a style guideline, I usually add a bit of extra fermentables.
814921Be sure to sanatize the fuck out of that carboy and all your other equipment when you are done, else the Brett will contaminate every subsequent batch.
814927I will use that particular carboy only for Brett fermentation!have you ever used danestar belle saison yeast and noticed a band aid smell?
814933Band aid smell comes from bacterial infection, not from the yeast. You would be surprised how hard it is to not infect a batch with some amount of bacteria; infact, it's impossible. You can only mitigate how much bacteria gets in and hope that it is out competed by the yeast.Also, even if you dedicate that carboy to batches with brett, sanatize all your tubing, syphon, water checks, and even hydrometer.Seriously, keeping things sterile is incredibly difficult. doing a good enough job means simply that you can't detect the infection that is present. Not doing a good enough job results in band aid flavors or worse.
814938:-D Alright, thanks for the advice! I think it will take some time to complete secondary. so I got some time to buy extra tubing and stuff...
814945I appreciate the question though, since it encourages me to finish up this 'beginners guide to homebrewin' that I've been working on. It's only about 10-15 pages long, and I'm 90% done with it, but I wanted to add an appendix specifically detailing sanatizing equiptment. Some of the jewels include: replacing vinyl tubing from time to time, disassembling pin connectors on kegs to sanatize them, changing from bleach to starsan to idophore from time to time so bacteria doesn't acclimate to your sanatizer, etc. Etc. Etc... there are a lot of small things that you can do that aren't immediately obvious but can really reduce chance of infection.
Started my first attempt at a straight lambic yesterday. Pitched WLP665 flemish ale blend along with the dregs of a bottle of Boon Oude Geuze into 5 gallons. The yeast vial was pretty old, only a month from expiration, and I didn't do a starter, so hopefully it ferments OK. If it doesn't start after a day not sure if I should try to pitch some dry saccharomyces or just wait for it to do it's thing.
814911I just started my first meads! 1.5L bottle is a JOAM mead and the gallon in the jug is jumbleberry.
815095i made a JAOM like 3 years ago and forgot about it, been in fermenter for that long and i finally bottled it last weekgolden and crystal clear, sweet and surprisingly delicious
814911I just started my second year brewing. Favorite style to brew is probably weizen beer, though it's not my favorite to drink. I've got a strain of yeast I cultured from a bottle of Sierra Nevada Kellerweis that supposedly comes from a really old Bavarian brewery, and it makes fantastic wheat beers. My triple-decocted weizenbock is out of this world.
814938Hey, you'd be surprised how effective yeast is at suppressing infection. Check this out:http://www.garshol.priv.no/blog/291.htmlThat dude has, like, a 200+ year-old strain of yeast he stores on a fucking wooden ring he hangs over his kitchen sink. They sent it off for lab work, and guess what? Nothing but pure S. cerevisiae. In fact, it's three different strains that diverged in lineage at least a couple hundred years ago.Not saying that infection can't happen, by the way. Band-aid esters, though, are signs of high levels of phenols, and is present in a lot of scotch whiskey. Especially with some saison strains, it's a bigger indicator that fermentation temperature was too high and fluctuated too much.
815095Gonna start a batch of mead next week. Noob question. The recipe says to rack it after 4 weeks, do I keep it airlocked once it's racked or do I seal at that point?
815185No doubt, once a yeast culture takes control of an area, it can keep control of that area. Another great thing that yeast has going for it is that it is anaerobic, meaning that it can use oxygen but does not require it. Most common bacteria does require oxygen though, so when all the oxygen in a batch of beer has been used up by the yeast and bacteria, the bacteria will fall out but the yeast will keep going. One common exception is the Brett bacteria. With all of this in mind, it's still important to note that, even though the yeast will eventually prevail, a lot of damage can still be done to a batch of beer before the bacteria falls out. The chemical components that the bacteria leave behind read bacteria poop cannot be removed from the beer like some other components dyacital can. This is why sterility is so important up front. Probably the biggest thing you can do to prevent the flavor of an infection is to propagate your yeast for several days before brewing. This way, the yeast population is so much larger than the bacteria population that the bacteria gets pushed out in a matter of hours instead of days.As the beer ferments, sterility becomes a smaller concern because, as you mentioned, once the yeast has overtaken the batch it can remain in control, and also the alcohol starts to prevent bacteria from surviving in the beer. The higher the ABV, the more types of bacteria will be repelled. But again, whatever contamination the bacteria added early in the process cannot be removed and may be enough to completely spoil the beer.With regard to fermentation temp, you're right that warmer temprature can keep bacteria alive longer, but again, this is usually related to the fact that if you aren't at the ideal temp for the yeast, the yeast will take longer to overtake the batch, leaving more time for the bacteria to spoil it. If you can lock on to the right temp for the yeast, it will grow faster and push the bacteria out.
815272Yeah, you're gonna want to airlock it if you're not bottling it. Protip, by the way: if there's not enough mead to completely fill the vessel you're racking to, get some glass marbles, sanitize 'em, and put enough of them in there that there's as little headspace as possible between the mead and the airlock. Nothing ruins a good beverage like oxidizatin.
Been brewing about 4 years now. Started with liquid malt extract kits and was pretty dissatisfied with everything I brewed. All my beers had the same off flavor sweetness to them. So I did some dry malt extract beers and things got better, but still not good. Then I decided to commit and jumped into all-grain with an oxygen stone and a temperature controlled chest freezer and kegs. Better still! Finally I brewed a cream ale from midwest and a clone of zombie dust that turned out rather excellent. But I lost the cream ale to a leaky keg accident, and I haven't been able to replicate a good light beer since. Lots of good stouts and IPAs, but lighter beers are still too revealing. This year I'm delving into water chemistry, pH, and probably trying some smash beers and making my own recipes. I've even got some cascade hops from my own vines to brew with this year. I'm hope the water chemistry stuff really pushes me over the edge from very good to "I would buy this" and helps fix my light beers.
815539Fermentation temp control and properly-sized yeast starters were the biggest improvement in my setup, and gave me my first this-tastes-like-something-you'd-buy-in-a-store beers. pH and water chem are also pretty important, but are relatively minor adjustments. I've got a pH meter and salts, and they really do improve my beers, but I'd chuck 'em in a heartbeat if I had to choose between them and a fridge.
815539Also, if you want to make an excellent pale ale, try doing a no-sparge on a relatively low-point beer, like a bitter. Basically, you skip the sparge, and instead infuse a big enough mashout at the end that, when you drain the mash tun completely, you get your preboil volume. You'll take an efficiency hit, but it's like an extra pound of grain in a 1.040 beer. I do it without exception on all my beers below 1.045. You could try something like:9# Maris Otter8 oz English Medium Crystal1 oz roasted barley2 oz Goldings@60 min.5 oz Goldings @10 min.5 oz Goldings Dry HopMash that sucker at 153 with 2 quarts/lb of water for 60, add enough water to almost fill the tun, drain that into a kettle, and off you go. Use reverse osmosis water, stick like 6g gypsum and 3g CaCl2 in the mash, ferment it with WLP002 or equivalent at 68 pitch around 64, add the dry hop right when the krausen falls, and I guarantee you'll end up with a really, really good English bitter. That right there is my house session ale.
815539Nice. That's pretty much how I stared out too. Then I got the keggerator which allowed me to start trying light beers, but I haven't had too much sucess with any lager yet. Couple of questions for you:Do you ever use gelatin to help clarify the beer? I've done it a few times with great sucess, but only with beers that we're going in to a keg and force carbonated, because I didn't have additional yeast to help them bottle condition. I was thinking of having a water tasting with some friends to get a feel for the raw flavor. Any tips or suggestions? I typically use tap water now because I mostly do pale ales or Ipa's and the water here in chicago is pretty hard. The water in florida was very soft and I noticed the difference in hop charictor immediately after moving to chicago. I want to experiment with different water chemistry and figured a water tasting would be a good place to start.Also, off topic, but I wanted to mention that we have been doing a basterdized version of sparkling wine in the keggerator. We just start with 5 gallons of chardonnay and put it in a carboy with champagne yeast. After a couple of months we move it to a keg and force carbonate it at about 40-45 psi. It's not the best sparkling ever, but it's dry and decent and on tap. We keep a bottle of OJ in the keggerator in case anyone wants a mimosa, and we brunch the fuck out of every weekend.
815503Yeah the recipe I'm working with says you start with 4 gallons of water in a 5 gallon carboy then top off with another gallon after you rack it.
815503Another method that will allow you as much head space as you want is to fill the carboy with CO2 first. Since CO2 is heavier than air, it will settle in the container so you don't have to worry about oxygen when you are splashing liquid in there or when you seal it off.I do this all the time to get rid of oxygen in carboys and in kegs. Any way you can find to get CO2 in there is good enough, but I use this little guy that takes CO2 cartrages, link related. The pin connector or ball connector is not needed, I just put the cartrages in the widget then use the trigger to discharge straight in to the container that I'm purging. http://heartshomebrew.com/index.php?main_page=product_info&cPath=16_160&products_id=564
815740Also, it's not necessary to do this if you are brewing something that will vigorously ferment pretty quickly. In that case, the CO2 produced by the beer will push the oxygen in the head space out, again because CO2 is heavier than air. You are left with a thin layer of CO2 in the head space immediately, and the rest of the air will be pushed out eventually.
I haven't looked into water chemistry a lot, but I used the EZ quickie process described here:http://www.howtobrew.com/section3/chapter15-3.htmlBasically what I did was look up my city's water report, plugged the values into Palmer's chart, and figured out what the residual alkalinity would be with just tap water. My water is way too hard to use on it's own, but if I mix it 1/2 tap water with 1/2 distilled water, it ends up in an acceptable range for medium-dark beers.That's about as far as I have taken it, though. I tried to use calcium chloride and gypsum to get it even lower for a lighter beer, as well as some of a campden tablet to get rid of potential chloramines. But then that beer ended up being garbage... it finished unexpectedly sweet compared to when I made the same recipe twice before. Not sure if it was due to screwing with the water or something else. But subsequent beers were good with just half/half tap and distilled water, so I haven't tried to tweak that since.
I've got about 5.5 gal of mead fermenting right now, using orange blossom honey and wyeast 4767. It's been almost two weeks on monday and the fermentation is plugging along. lots of little bubbles, they make a racket, but not a lot of foam on top has formed. I don't wan't to rack it off until the fermentation slows down, but there's no sign of it right now.
Hello friends, any suggestions for an ale with Citra? I have the ingredients but left the recipe behind at the store...
815911sauce for recipe/instructions?
817175Well, what ingredients do you have?I figure the recipe is pretty much just the ingredients, except for the hop timing, but that kinda depends on your fermentables.
817211~13 lbs honey, smack packet of wyeast 4767, 1 tsp yeast energizer, 1 tsp yeast nutrient at time of creation with another 1 tsp of nutrient ~4 days into the fermentation period. Then, ~ 5.5 gl of distilled water. Pretty basic recipe, although a little light on honey for what I guess most people do, which can be around 15-16 lbs, as I understand. The nutrient and energizer is the generic stuff from my lhbs. Today marks the second full week of fermentation, and it's still going strong. Still smells very sweet and honey like. Tons of little bubbles, and the airlock goes up and falls down probably twice in just over a minute I think. Still no foamy 'head'. I'm thinking of adding some oak chips when I rack it over to the second carboy once fermentation cools off. Here's a photo of the bubbles, shining a flashlight on it so my shitty camera can take a decent picture.
817211817232Here's another photo, showing what little foam buildup is on top. I'm not sure what this means, the lhbs has been closed for a week since the owner's gone camping for the holiday, so I can really talk to them. Room temp is right at 68 F, and the yeast supposedly is good for 60 through 90.
817235Seems like everything is looking ok.you might have considered propagating the yeast longer to get a more vigorous fermentation up front, but in general, this will probably go well for you.
817232distilled water.I don't know if it's the same for mead, but people say not to use straight distilled water for beer. Or if you do, to add a mineral blend. There are minerals in tap/spring water that are good for yeast that aren't present in distilled water. I don't know the specifics, though.
817278I wonder if normal charcoal filtered wanter would be ok. I hate the idea of using straight tap water, it tastes metallic as fuck in California.
817279Charcoal filter should be good, I don't think that removes all the minerals like RO or distilling.These are the things I consider in beer-brewing water, in order of my perceived importance:- tastes good to start with- no chlorine/chloramines, so it doesn't react with malt to produce chlorophenols can be filtered out or add campden tablet- mash water contains the right amount of calcium or bicarbonate to hit the right mash pH can be added manually- contains the right minerals for yeast nutrition either it's already in the water or add yeast nutrient. 817232 said he added yeast nutrient, so on second thought he's probably fine there.Apparently you should also adjust the sulfate/chloride/sodium for taste reasons to suit a hoppy or malty beer, but I haven't tried messing with that yet.
Not to make this /fit/ related at all but hops are one of the most estrogenic plants on this planet. Thank the German beer purity act for making makes docile bitches. Look up Gruit, its the shit you should drinkAlso, for anyone heavily knowledgeable in alcoholic history, do you brew gruit like regular beer?
817556 817556 When I google "hops estrogenic," I get such reputable domains as: prisonplanet.com stopdrinkingalcohol.com truthin7minutes.com renegadehealth.com There is one result from ncbi.nlm.nih.gov entitled "Identification of a potent phytoestrogen in hops Humulus lupulus L. and beer," 1999 which, according to the JCEM, is cited by 206 papers, and is the source of most of the conjecture about hops' estrogenic qualities: http://press.endocrine.org/doi/abs/10.1210/jcem.84.6.5887 The linked abstract says: "The presence of 8-prenylnaringenin in hops may provide an explanation for the accounts of menstrual disturbances in female hop workers. This phytoestrogen can also be detected in beer, but the levels are low and should not pose any cause for concern." So, if you work on a hop farm, you may experience issues, but the authors of the paper state there's no issue with the levels detected in beer. Now, if you want to make gruit because it's tasty, and not because you're a conspiracy theorist wanting to protect his precious bodily fluids, it's pretty easy. Basically, it's a normal beer spiced with something other than hops. Wikipedia gives a popular mixture as "sweet gale, mugwort, yarrow , ground ivy , horehound Marrubium vulgare, and heather." The Scots used to use heather before they switched to hops. You could try something like a Scottish Ale recipe, but replacing the hops with a gruit mixture. I'd try:6 lb. Golden Promise8 oz. C608 oz. C1204 oz. C402 oz. Roasted BarleyMash that at 154, collect enough wort that you can boil it for 120 minutes to get 5.5 gallons post boil. Then add 3 oz. of a 33/33/33 mix of yarrow, rosemary, and bog myrtle at 30 min. before flameout, and add 3 oz. of the same mix directly to the fermenter in a muslin bag, fermenting as normal. Should make a pretty tasty, ~4% abv session gruitbier. Hell, I might try that myself.
817685This post is why I haven't given up on 4chan yet.Good work anon.
im brewing mead, and im having a fermentation problem , i think.its been 3 months, and it barely have alcohol, tastes bitter, and doesnt produce that much foami used bread yeast, and just water and honey
817685Thank you for the info. I did not google "hops estrogen" as it was in a book I read. It's called "the natural testosterone plan" by Stephen Buhner. From that book page 30 "German beer makers noticed long ago that young women who picked hops in the fields commonly experienced early menstral periods."on the next page..."There is a well known condition in England- Brewers Droop- that occurs from middle-aged men handling hops. The plant chemistry readily transmit through a man's skin as they did with the women in the fields." and you think it wont get into your system when you drink it?On a page back - "Eventually - researchers discovered the reason- hops is pergaps one of the most powerfuilly estrogenic plants on earth. Just 100 grams of hops about 3.5 OZ contains anywhere from thirty thousand to three hundred thousand IU's od esrogens, depending on hop type."Also this isnt "420 illuminati conspiracy," it's just fucking puritans being pissed, so they made men docile motherfuckers and it stuck. Gruit actually increases testosterone levels. Also let me just leave this here:  Namiki, M., et al. "Direct inhibitory effect of estrogen on the human testes in vitro." Arch Androl 20, no. 2 1988: 131-35 Stammel, W., et al. "Tetrahydroisoquinoline alkaloids mimic direct but not receptor-mediated inhibitory effects of estrogen and phytoestrogens on testicular endocrine function. Possible significance for Leydig cell insufficienct in alcohol addiction" Life Sci 49, no. 18 1991: 1319-29Keep an open mind to things. Just because you like beer and you think that "men drink beer" it doesn't mean you should just write off something you dot agree with. Also, because Alex Jones posted some shit on his blog once doesn't mean it's wrong, not saying i agree with him but don't just write things off.
817685Prison planet actually just stole the entire point about hops and estrogen from this book. Hopefully this was at lest a little enlightening for you. More sources for your brain:Damber, J. E., et al. " the accute effect of estrogen on testosterone production appears not to be mediated by testicular estrogen receptors" Mol Cell Endoct 31, no. 1 1983: 105-16 Moger, W.H. "Direct effects of estrogens on the endocrine function of the mamilian testis." Can J Physiol Pharmacol 58, no. 9 1980: 1011-22
8176858-prenylnaringeninthis is a flavanoid in beer. As i stated before, do you really believe that a flavor in beer just "isn't going to be there?" If you're not ingesting a plant and just picking it, what in gods green earth makes you think it wont be in the thing you ingest?
I've been at it about 5 years now. Just finished up a kolsch and a pale mild. I have a berliner weisse in primary at the moment. Will probably rack it off onto some kind of fruit. I wanted to use persimmons, but don't have a source. I'll probably end up using peaches or raspberries.
My girlfriend wants this post to be secured to the wall, but this is the furthest it gets close to it. How should I go about this? I forgot to bring a tape measure, so I used my fingers instead.
screw a 2x4 to the wall horizontally, use some pipe strap and screws to secure shelf to 2x4
This should do the job, you might also need a shovel.
If you want it to look neat and sturdy use a spacer and a long bolt, use a plastic plug to attach the bolt to the wall.
819138insert timberscrew 2 holes on polescrews through the whole thing into the walldone
How exactly do I make my carpet in my new house look brand new? I'm not seeing any stains, and vacuuming just makes this happen again after a few days.
818669really you don'tcarpets naturally gather dust and shit over time, even if you vaccum what you can out it'll still degrade especially if it's in a high traffic areathe only real "solution" is to use commercial grade carpet in your home, it's not nearly as soft but it'll retain it's color better for much longer if only because only four or five people walk on it daily, as opposed to forty or fifty
carpet is disgusting
Don't wear shoes inside...
818669Get new carpet.
818669Go buy a bottle of Folex, a bottle of carpet shampoo and rent a carpet cleaner. Hit the stains with Folex then work it with the back of a wooden spoon. Dab with a clean rag to lift the stain out. Then clean the carpet with the rented cleaner. Take your time and make sure to extract all the water.
818696Hard floors cost a lot though.
818826there are other options than carpet and hard floors
818669A lot of people frown over having carpets these days. They're literally dirt and dust traps.More to your question though, a good quality underlay makes a difference in prolonging the carpets crush resistance.
818752work it with the back of a wooden spoonda fuq?
818829Foam?
Do americans wear also shoes inside if they have carpet?
Reposting from /g/48233818I'm going to make an audio switch so I can basically have two outputs connected to one input i.e. headphones and speakers to music playerhttp://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-Construct-a-35mm-Switch-diy/http://www.instructables.com/id/Mint-Box-Audio-Selector-35mm-audio-switch/step6/Improvements-and-more/I have plenty of DPDT switches, but these guides suggest to use 3PDT switches to reduce signal degradation, but I would appreciate if someone explained.Also, are there any other concerns relating to signal degradation? I'm somewhat aware of ground loop, but my headphones are not connected to their own ground anyway.
819117A 3P isolates the grounds, so you don't: - connect the two sources' grounds together and get a ground loop - have the inactive source's ground hanging off the active one's and acting as a capacitor
have plenty of DPDT switchesjust use 2 of those basically get a 4pdt and tie the toggles together with a bar across them maybe get a small pipe and drill holes for the toggles to fit into.
I've been working on this for a long time, still don't know how to make the circuit.Details on the deviceI have a 60 watt 40kHz ultrasonic transducer. It's suppost to be in resonance with the powersupply, meaning my AC power supply has to input 40Khz. It's pretty much a piezoelectric tweederThe only info I could obtain from manufactorers is Static Capacity=3800, Resonance impedance=10-20, freq=40000Hz, Input power=60W.Additionally, my seller says it requires 600V excitation Like a motor would, haven't found this info anywhere elseFucking ChinaI know makoing a 40khz 60W can be obtained with an RLC circuit capacitor/inductor/resistor but don't dont know how to get the values for each component. I live in Canada, so the wall outlet is 120V rms, freq 50-60Hz, 15A
819150An RLC circuit isn't enough, you need a way to actively convert the frequency.
This guy made a nice article on their design, but it'd need to e modified to change it from 28 to 40kHz.http://www.imajeenyus.com/electronics/20110514_power_ultrasonic_driver/index.shtml
Or you could just buy one.http://www.ebay.com/itm/100W-40KHz-Ultrasonic-Cleaning-Power-Driver-Board-110VAC-/121231561894?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item1c39f6d4a6
Old Thread 797509 open source communityhttp://reprap.org/http://forums.reprap.org/buyfag buyers guidehttps://www.3dhubs.com/best-3d-printer-guidebasic 3d printing FAQshttp://www.reddit.com/r/3Dprinting/wiki/indexwhat kind of filament do I wanthttp://www.matterhackers.com/3d-printer-filament-comparehow to calibratehttps://www.youtube.com/user/ThomasSanladererhttp://reprap.org/wiki/Triffid_Hunter's_Calibration_Guidehttp://prusaprinters.org/calculator/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_Wb0i0-Qvowhere do I get files to print?https://www.yeggi.com/https://www.youmagine.com/http://www.thingiverse.com/https://www.myminifactory.com/what programs do you make your own files withhttps://www.tinkercad.com/http://www.123dapp.com/http://www.openscad.org/where to buy genuine hotendshttp://www.filastruder.com/collections/e3d-hotends USA E3D resellerhttp://e3d-online.com/ E3Ds regular site, yuro basedhttp://hotends.com/ genuine J-Head sellerhttps://www.printedsolid.com/shop/printer-parts/hexagon/ hexagonhttps://www.b3innovations.com/ picowhere to buy filamenthttp://pushplastic.com/http://www.jet-filament.com/http://www.makergeeks.com/but anon, there are euros herehttp://www.reprap.cc/Changed from /3dpg/ general to /3dpd/ discussion, if we wanna fight and make a poll about it we can.
811538You need to add Hatchbox folamebt to the list.Its very good and cheap
811550Filament**
811553811550Yeah, will doWe need to start listing things to add to the OP
811538/3d pig disgusting/Sorry, somebody had to do it.
What wass your last print? Post pics.I did the classic monkey wrench.
8115383dpd
811904i would be fine sharing a 3d printing board with fat and ugly females all day
811538not to be a whore, but if you check pushplastic on facebook, you can get 5% off. just fyiExpires Friday, June 12, 2015
812049I bought some on black friday and it seems to be decent.Its much better than the chinese ABS I bought on ebay.I havent bought from any other company, but I havent really had a reason to.
811967Lets see it.
812063i placed an order, and then made a phone call cause they were trying to discontinue the teal color i ordered. they ran another batch of the color cause they got so many orders for it. the interaction went well so for being the only place i've ordered from. so i guess i'll stick with them
812073Holy fuck was I distracted while typing that cluster fuck out.So I tried to make a pipe fitting in inventor to print just to see if i could, but it turns out that it really doesn't model threads at all, just puts lines on says it's x threads. Can anyone else speak from experience on modeling threads from whatever program?
812092Solidworks does the same thing. In sw you have to set a geometric curve and came a cut along the curve to make the threads. Its a huge pain in the ass.
812376cameAutocorrected plot for some reason
I have got an Prusa i3 with Greg's Hinged Extruder http://reprap.org/wiki/Greg%27s_Hinged_Extruder and some probably shitty hotend. However, long prints2h+ turn out like pic related. I figured out that the hobbed bolt at some point scraps the filament instead of driving it. What can I do to fix this?Whats currently the best extruder+hotend combo I could get for a reasonable price?
812382this looks quite bad. i had something similar on my delta printer. replaced the broken hotend with an e3d v6 hotend, fixed some of the problems, except it still can result in this type of broken prints if the feed is too high.generic rule is: your hotend needs to be able to heat the filament in the time you feed it through. you can control this by feed rate slower = better or a higher temperature higher = better you will need to play with it thoughalso do NOT reverse the filament feed for more than the default settings or it will break your heater and cause clogging. really bad
812382What's the tension like on your filament feeding setup? It's only one possibility, but I've had similar issues as a result of the reel binding intermittently.
812382To kinda reiterate what the other two people saidClean the hobbled bolt of any plastic shavings, then tension the extruder correctlyIt should barely leave visible marks on the plastic and NOT deform it. Less is more in many cases, the tighter you put it the easier it is to grind the deformed plastic. Not only that, deformed plastic in the hotend gives awful extrusion.After you have the tension just right, turn your print speeds down and your temps up. Get your printer to the point its printing reliably before you push print speeds.As for upgrading the hardware on the cheap?An E3D Lite hotend is 38$ shipped from Filastruder, and an Airwolf hobbed bolt is 11$ shipped from Ebay.A new hobbed bolt and high quality hotend is a worthwhile investment.Just rebuild your current gregs extruder with something like thishttp://www.thingiverse.com/thing:453498and http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:256950
812386I have to disagree with the higher temp = better bit. It has been my understanding that you should use lower temps when possible and increase it only when necessitated by a higher speed.812382I can't tell without a clearer picture, but there are 3 reasons why a print could fail like that.Too hotToo coldFilament isn't feeding properlyIf you're using PLA it can crystallize when too hot. ABS doesn't have this problem but tends to turn brown instead.Even if it can melt on slower speeds, both PLA and ABS come out spotty if you're extruding in greater amounts printing fast on a low temperature.Lastly, keep an eye on your filament to make sure it isn't getting stuck somewhere when printing.http://reprap.org/wiki/Print_Troubleshooting_Pictorial_Guide
812451I have to disagree with the higher temp = better bit. It has been my understanding that you should use lower temps when possible and increase it only when necessitated by a higher speed.That is the case usually, but for me there is an exception for crappy hotends.I had a complete garbage hotend that would do this exact same thing.What was happening was the nozzle was cooling down too much from the filament being melted, and either the heater cartridge/thermisor was crappy to the point I was getting a good 6-7 degree swing in temps dropping below the optimal melt point of my plastic, until it eventually heated back up.I only figured this out after monitoring the temps, I didnt have an LCD at the time.Running 5-10C higher than optimal can hurt overall quality, but can mask a bad hotend and actually give successful prints.Once he starts getting successful prints is where he can fine tune.
811538http://www.reddit.com/r/3Dprinting/comments/35vjfr/i_have_had_enough_i_quit_3dprinting/buying clone hotendsnot knowing how to actually use a 3d printer
812573insulating cooling finsleddit
812573Kapton on the cooling finnsTo the point where I can't show or sell any product to a customer.Sounds like someone wanted to start a 3d printing busines without having ever used a 3d printer.
812452I only figured this out after monitoring the tempsVia an external thermometer or by watching your host software? Nothing can fix a bad alloy but auto tuning your PID settings would help, no?Which reminds me, 812382 make sure to auto tune your PID settings for the temperature you are printing at. Check your firmware gcodes for instructions.
812573They sure love blog posts and free advertising.
In the process of being acetone treated.
812382Lots of good advice ITT, but what I am thinking is I figured out that the hobbed bolt at some point scraps the filament instead of driving it.Are you positive about this?If your stepper is skipping steps, makes a popping noise that could be misdiagnosed as slippage. Thats a stepper driver voltage issue.
Been thinking about 3D printers for awhile and I figured I might just take the plunge next month and build one myself. If I had access to all the support structure material for free as well as stuff like ground rod for a threadless ball screw, what kind of print quality would I expect from around $300 CAD worth of parts?
I always just buy filament from amazon
812635Looks terrible
812866if you work at it and devote time effort swear tears semen and blood? fantastic! out of the box? so-so to bad at first, great hobby 10/10 recommend
Right now I am trying to get my Prusa's motors to move which is a pain in the ass with the voltage pot on the steppers needing adjustmentFor some reason my endstops keep getting triggered whenever I try to move any of the axis, even though they are clearly not being touched. Is there sometrhing that I am doing wrong?Also should the power supply's input voltage be set at 110v or 220v when I am in the US? It is 110 right now.
813068there's 2 types of endstop the kind that are triggered on closed current and the kind triggered on open current. your firmware may be looking for the opposite of what you have.I'd try to manually switch your end stops and see if they give you the opposite of what your looking for.
813074So just unplug the endstops and put them back on in the opposite direction? Will do.
813081that won't make any difference at all if it's just 2 wires. look up and understand the difference between normally open and normally closed switches and figure out what you have/should have
813081He meant to hold down the endstop buttons to see if it will let the carriage move.
currently printing
813081813096813084are correct, sorry if how I said it caused confusion.
812899Very constructive. Let's see your most recent print.
Okay, so yesterday i had this horrible blob monster growing around my hotend after a failed print. The PLA was slightly burned at the tip when i removed it.After that is was unable to print anything due to extremely shitty bed adhesion.Today i get some adhesion back due to bumping the extrusion width up to 300%. However, at the first layer there is still no overlap between the individual lines on the build plate. Furthermore, surfaces started looking like shit behold, my test cubeI'm suspecting a tiny piece of carbonized pla is affecting the outflow just a tad bit, however after 10+ cold pulls and poking in the end the results have only marginally improved.The hotend in question is a genuine Jhead, so i cant just remove the nozzle without dissembling the entire thing.Should i just get a E3D or am i forgetting something?
813454Have you calibrated your esteps?You just may be under underextruding
813470I haven't tried to redo that, as it has printed fine for 2 months. However, what you are suggesting might actually solve the problem in an indirect way.Good call!
811538I'm woking on a project which will be printed. This is only a section of the object which I've sliced in half It's black to hide the detail to stop people stealing the design it's company work so I can't risk losing 48hours of work to theft.The white section is the object itself, and I'm wondering if it will print without the need of supports. It's printing from the bottom to the top. I've managed to smooth the inside corner up because it was at a 90 degree angle. I'm still wondering if I will need to add supports in though.
813514depending on how well calibrated your printer is and what type of printer you are using, it could print without.That is a pretty severe overhang though, might be best to have a light support.
813514I've managed to smooth the inside corner up because it was at a 90 degree angleactually you made it worse to be printed without support. bridging is best with sharp 90 degree corners
813521I was hoping it wouldn't need to be bridged.The object is basically a 'hollow' cylinder. I've been saving at multiple points and there is a save right before I started smoothing.The thing I'm wondering about is with bridges they will need to be cut away but if it's in the inside of the object then it'd be harder to get to them.I'll test print it myself but I was just wondering if support beams will be a necessary
813514I don't know if it is a possibility in your case, but turning it around might be a good option.
813535The model is designed to only be printed one way, so the base of it is flat.I'll find a way to bridge it. I know MeshMixer does automatic bridging so playing with that'll be handy
813539Forgot to post image
813535Again.Here is what I do when I need it in that orientation.I add a round wall in the center of the hole, no thicker than 1mm so there is something to bridge to. The largest diameter I used it at was only 20mm though and I don't know the size of your object.
813553It's pretty large, about 9 inches long and 1.5 to 2 inches wide radius.That support would have to go all the way down which is possible but removing it could be anoying. I do think this is the best way to make the support though.
Does anyone know why there are those little holes? This is 10mm wide brim. Is it because of water in filament or could it be anything else?
813836And also this. What would be a cause? This is supposed to be a streight line, and generally it is, but it is also wavy. Height is 10mm and layer height is 0.2mm
Will something like this print with no issues?
811538I want to build a 3D printer but I don't have a proper workshop for it.I do have a workspace in my bedroom though, so I was thinking about setting it up in there.Because the printer will be enclosed in a case I'm thinking about having a tube going outside to filter out the fumes.Is this a good idea or will I just end up getting plastic cancer.
813844I was also thinking about enclosure and here is what I think that could be a problem with enclosed 3d printer:- If it is small enclosure and it has heated bed, the air inside would heat up to the temperature of heated bed let say 80 to 100°C which I think could be a problem for all electronic components.- if you introduce cold air in this enclosure you could have a problem of unequal cooling and therefore warping, corner lift, etc.If you are making your own 3d printer then try to move all electronics out of enclosure or make extra enclosure for each electronic part and connect some tubes, fins and fans to it and cool only electronc parts.
813856It's a rostock, so most of the electronics will be underneath the printing area. See: http://rwgresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/Delta-3D-Printer-Rostock-RWGresearch-4.jpgI'm only thinking about having a hole cut in the top with the tube running out. The fumes will rise and should flow through the tube due to air pressure.
813838813836the wavy lines are most likely too much play in one of your axes, the holes look like your PLA was too long on the air and sucked up water... does not happen with ABS813839this will print with lots of issues. first: it looks like a pretty tall and thin object, expect most printers to move the object on the higher layers head drags object with it and this may cause anything from bad quality to aborting the print if the bed adhesion failsthere may also be termic problems that will reshape thin walls813844don't worry about fumes, as this printer will be in your bedroom it will be enough to open the window during or after printing, you won't be able to sleep in the same room as the printer813856for a heat bed to heat a chamber up to anything worthwhile the chamber has to be tiny, we speak about 20x20x5cm at most, my rostock with a 1cubic meter volume only reaches 30°C with the head bed at 110°C and the head at 245°C. That is around 160W+ heating power... turn one of them off and the temperature goes down
813859you won't be able to sleep in the same room as the printerEven after its finished? I would imagine I could
813860sorry, brainfart and i skipped the most important bit:you won't be able to sleep in the same room as a running 3d printer because of the noise.The fumes i print ABS are noticeable, but pretty weak, they won't stay long,.
813858In that case it could work.813859That was ABS. It happens in x and y axes and both are linear guide rails.After further inspection I have concluded that extruded filament does not have constant width I hope it can be seen on this picture. But I have no idea how to fix this.
813867Check that your filament is consistent. Some cheapo Chinese filament may have bad tolerance standards.Tighten your belts.If those don't work, play with your temperature a bit and make sure your PID is auto tuned at the proper temp.
Anyone here have much experience printing in HIPS? My hotend's documentation says it can print with it and from what I can research it's basically ABS but doesn't warp as easily in a non-heated chamber. I'm thinking of getting a spool but I'd like /3DPG/'s advice first.
If filament just goes through the nozzle at a fixed diameter why does it matter if the filament itself is a constant diameter?I know a lot of people say to avoid cheap filament due to the size differences throughout the plastic but does it really matter?
814515So the amount comming out per length melted is constant.
814515When the diameter fluctuates so does the volume. When the volume fluctuates at a fixed diameter, the speed of extrusion is what changes.
Anyone had any success monetizing your printers? If so, what do you print? Do you freelance it or work for a service like MyMiniFactory? How much does it net you per month?
814878This is just a hobby with the current generation machines. I have done some parts for free though.
814878monetizing your printersUsing 3D printers as currency would be odd to say the least.
814878people have unrealistic expectations when buying pieces printed from you.They expect injection molded quality.You can easily lose time, money and get real frustrated with people. Not worth it.
Anyone with the same problem as pic related? All my prints have a displacement in the y direction, even when printing extremely slow. I tried varying the driver current but it seems to have no effect. I'm printing on a mendelmax 2 for which I sourced all the parts myself.
815667If you are sure it's not the drivrt current, then mechanichal slippage might be the problem.
815667had the same issues a long time ago, it just means something on the y-axis is slippingfor me it was:first the motor current to low - easy fix, just increase the currentthen the glass plate on the heat bed slipping - easy fix, just fix the glass plate properlythen the belt tension gave in - easy fix: just retension the beltno problems since the last fixprinting like a mad man, breaking parts on the printer now and then, replacing... that's life
815155What if I were to sand/acetone polish my pieces? Would it reach an acceptable level of quality to run a side business?
815747Not everyone wants trinkets, some people want parts for projects that are precise. You can't be sanding and bathing those parts
814434I've mostly heard of people using that as dissolvable support material. Of course, that was a year ago on /leddit/, so don't take my word for it.
814878as 815047 said, I don't monetize my printer, but I do profit from it. I print some plastic parts for my family's business. I'm not getting rich off of it, but I can absolutely pay for the next 5 lb roll of plastic from the first 10% of the one I'm using.
814878i made some replacement shelf hooks for a refrigerator, thought about selling them but i don't think their quite strong enoughanyone know of a stronger material than abs that you can print with?excuse my camera its terrible lol
815747art seems like the way to go, sanding/acetone bath takes some time though/practice to make it look goodi think it would be a difficult sell if the pieces didn't look perfectmade these bunnies the other days, an hour of finishing/sanding and they only look good from 3ft away
816171by modifying your print settings ABS can be pretty ridiculously strong, not metal strong, but as strong as any preformed plastic
816184vertically they are strong enough but any small sideload and the hooks snap offi can't make the hooks any bigger or they wont fitim printing at .2mm 220c 50mm/si dont think there is much i can change setting wiseany ideas?
816181hour of finishing/sanding. Invest in a dremel dude. That's terrible for an hour's work..
816187cant entirely tell cause of blurriness, but if they are even with one side, print with the hooks flat to the printbed with either a solid infill or enough bottom layers to cover to that point, use a little support for the nobs.that should provide a fair bit more shear strength.
Are there any good guides on adjusting the voltage for a Prusa? I am going along but if I try to move any of the motors 100mm they will beep. And the Z axis won't move at all and just beeps.I have switched around the step sticks so it probably isn't their fault. Would improperly soldering the wires screw something up? Is there any way to check the voltage that I need with a multimeter?
816171You can buy carbon fiber filament if you are willing to shell out. There are other high end filaments that do the job.
816402Is there any way to check the voltage that I need with a multimeter?http://reprap.org/wiki/Pololu_stepper_driver_boardYou adjust the voltage going to the stepper from the stepstick.You can adjust the voltage and give it more juice if the beeping is indeed it not getting enough power.
Is it worth buying a 3d printer? they look like they only produce sketchy work and have a lot of issues
812092I have a copy of NX on my work computer that I can use for creating personal models too. The way that NX handles threads is convoluted at first, but it actually does a pretty good job and has a lot of flexibility. Its a built in function that you can apply to cylinders or make internal threads on a bored area. Down side is that NX is pretty expensive and their is a steep learning curve to get good with it.
816415Its hobby status right now.If you want something to drop a bunch of time, effort, and money into it can be really fun to fuck around with.
So I stripped the screw on my stepper drivers today does anyone know part number to replace it. They were polulu a4988
816425You stripped out the trimpot?Its supposed to just spin around, it doesnt get tight or anything it just lets more power into the motor.Its not going to be easy to replace a surface mount trimpot. Stepsticks are cheap enough to just buy new ones.
816426Yes, I have new one on the way, but I'd still like to try to fix them.
816187i am printing ABS at 245°C, go try it,for PLA i did some experiments, best/strongest results where at max spec, in that case around 230°C, weakest was around 200°C could snap layers off with my bare handsalso always think by layer, you need to flip your part 90°C to the back so the hooks are layered. this will ensure they won't snap off.
816222816493thanks guys laying them flat really helped ,can't believe i didn't think of that before
816171Nylon. Layers bond so well it's basically a solid piece.
I'm looking at tearing apart my old robo r1, and repraping a core xy, any printer suggestions to look at? I'm really liking the X3D and the C-bot, any other suggestions?
No offense guys but all the prints I've seen in this thread look pretty bad quality: is this because people use this thread for tech support or is it just the current state of the consumer-level technology?
817130id say a lot of it is tech support, ie all the people trying to fix their shit, but not all prints look bad.a pre-finished piece will inherently look rough though.
Working on a new design here. I have 3 printers atm, a delta and two Mendel/Prusa hybrids. Want to take an old one and turn it into a new one.The issue I have had is large prints 10+cm start to peel and do not stick together perfectly. To counter this I am making an environmental chamber that heats it to ~90C. I am going more for the parts made on MyMiniFactory, ones with higher detail and need a printer that does not have the parts heat shrink off the bed.This is the design so far. It is version 3 or so, as version 1 was akin to a RepRap with the sliding platform and took up too much table space. With not much change in work a vertical lowering table was used instead.Side removed for show, top not complete yet.
817130Looking through the thread, most are tech support prints.With that said, I have a few decent looking prints that look great to the naked eye, but when you take a high resolution pic of they immediately look a lot crappier. Its weird, all the little layer imperfections just look terrible in a decent picture.
816171 Poly carbonate
815667815675If it's not due to mechanical slippage then it's due to your steppers skipping which can sometimes be solved by adjusting currents...if that doesn't work, set your acceleration values to about 1/3 of default. It'll slow down your prints by about 25% but you can adjust those values up until the displacements show up again.This usually happens on the Y-axis because with most printers that's the horizontal axis that has to shift the heavy print bed.
816424Our company is making some money on printing analogue parts for integration & test or rapid prototyping purposes. We also use them to create cast patterns for larger production runs.So there's some business applications even below professional tier equipment but it's still pretty minimal.
I'm thinking of building my father a cheap little CNC XY table for fathers day, so that he can mount up his plasma cutter and/or dremel and have fun making shit. I've done all of the CAD and created a BOM, snd it looks like it'll cost around $200 so far. Not bad if you ask me.Now for the meat of the post:If I were to toss an extruder Printrbot Simple Alu, possibly? onto it, would it have any problem printing at ~17mm/s? I understand that this is pretty fucking slow, but I designed this machine around cost, and not speed.The theoretical resolution is great, though
817306What are you going to do for a Z axis?
817316It's looking like pic related, so far.
817306while its slow, the results seem to be decent, brim is my normal speed settings, without brim is at 17mms
817649Thank you for the reference pic, anonI think that this project gets the green light
817649Those initial layers looks all types of fucked up, and it looks like you may be overextruding
817710yeah i still got a ways to go with my fine-tune calibration. large scale pieces work pretty well atm though.
817649your z0 height is too high. should be around half of what it is now817710it does not look like that at all. it looks like typical ABS thermal problems, active cooling and they are gone
817843ABS doesnt like active cooling
818239bullshit. ABS likes it more than PLA, the trick is to throttle it down to like 10% of what PLA would needi know because i print active cooled ABS and it's the best prints i can achieve without a heat chamber. Pic related, try printing that without active cooling and you will get a mess
818269please continue
818269You need to fine tune your temps betterIf you need light cooling, what do you think would happen in a heat chamber?
Would it be advisable/worthwhile to go balls deep and buy two 3ft sections of drill rod to upgrade one of my axes to ~900mm?It's a printrbot simple 1401 if that makes any difference
818600What do you mean by fine tuning? Not him but I find that cooling helps on small pieces that have 15 sec on a single layer. The expansion becomes too much otherwise.
818839guy that needs tuningive always found cooling to be detrimental to any large pieces and not entirely helpful to small ones. Ive heard of some setups benefiting from it though. the tuning i need is some adjustments to my line thickness on my solid infils. i tried the z-stop adjustment suggested earlier and got a slightly better result. and some prints because images
818839ignore him, he has no clue.818600seriously get yourself some clue. you have none818569with what?for all the other ones that are seriously wondering why ABS active cooling works...it is the slight difference of getting the area around the print head down from the 230°C+ melting mass down to something reasonable around 100-200°C. it is enough to change the print of a mess to a structured object.A heat chamber is no problem as a heat chamber runs at max 80°C for ABS.So you instantly cool down the output of the noozle from 230°C to 1xx°C and then it slowly cools and stays at 80°C in the heat chamber.The only drawback of a heat chamber is that you need to increase fan speed as the temperature difference is not as high as with room temperature
818653Fuck it. Ordered the rods from McMaster Carr. They should be here tomorrow, and I'll start printing new brackets for the print bed.Also, going to have to use foam board as my bed until I can get something suitable, like lexan or glass.
818933What the fuck man. This shit arrived at UPS at 10am, per McMaster. UPS needs to get it the fuck together.
818909The concept of active cooling isnt that hard to understand.ABS just doesnt tolerate it well at all.It doesnt like being quickly cooled, there is a reason people add the build chambers to let the print slowly cool. Active cooling is counter intuitive, its masking some sort of calibration problem you have regardless of your anecdotal evidence some mediocre looking print.ABS's nature and its sensitivity to thermal changes is why its so unpopular to use cooling.This isnt something new, and the heated build chambers are used because things like a gust of wind have been known to curl and break large ABS prints.
818996818839 here, I still don't understand how active cooling could in any way mask poor calibration. I agree that passive cooling is the best option, but in some prints, active cooling is not impractical. Pic related; I had the air blasting 100% on this vertical print.
819079That is some serious quality, bravo.
818996seriously. how can you come up with so much bullshit. it seems you have never 3d printed with ABS at all and only repeat bullshit from redditanyway. everyone who wants to seriously print ABS should try active cooling. it is not a big change to the printer and it's not irreversible.It has nothing to do with: "some mediocre looking print". It is not about fine tuning. you fine tune after fixing the big issues.btw i have NOT done any fine tuning because mechanical parts don't need to look perfect, they just need to be strong and do their job with acceptable tollerances.YES that is a not tuned printer. it has play along all axes and it does not print the exact width all the time.but hey... yeah just print your ABS at 200°C and get yourself fucking weak parts that break from the weakest stress...
Pic is a screenshot from my iManifold appCan you guys guess what I'm working on based on this?100 fake internet points to whoever knows
818805You must make with the real internet points if you want an answer.
818805100 fake internet points is not worth my time
818805an hydraulic ipenis to ifuck your iasshole. ifaggot
818843Well done, that was fast!You have now 100 fake internet points. Use them wisely!
a hydraulic iwhat?
818805A medium temp cooler.
818805A dehumidifier?
818846selling this pepe for 30 internet point818805are you making some kind of air conditioning system?
818805air conditioning
818805Just a regular kitchen refrigerator.
818858818941Those two are sealed systems. The app he has is for checking and fixing serviceable systems. As in central air system on a house or more likely a commercial building.
818805I didn't know computers did Fahrenheit. How many rods does it get to the bushel?
818952you could also just say that 404 A isn't used in fridges...serious question for OP though... if you boot up this program... and the system has developed a leak... and it's leaked all it's refrigerant... will it tell you "error 404 refrigerant not found"?
819015used in commercial units, and more frequently with newer models. They used to use R-134a, but industry seems to be transitioning to R-404.
probably working on a pop cooler at an arab owned gas station, those fuckers never have cold drinks in the cooler....
Hey /diy/, i have a shitty old axe that i'd like to re purpose. thinking of cutting it similar to pic related to make 2 tools. a pick and a small camp axe or carving axe. i don't currently own a grinder, what other methods are there for cutting an axe head?
817587Hacksaw will work. It'll take a long time and you may need 2 blades. Usually, only the first inch or so of the cutting edge is hardened tool steel jacketed over softer steel. So towards the edge it may be slower going than the rest.
817587OP, grinders are quite useful tools, and surprisingly cheap. I would just buy a cheap one they have them here from 25euros on new and a second hand will be even less. You dont need an expensive one at all.Get good discs, like 1 mm cutting discs and thick grinding ones, and knock yourself out on this thing. Absolutely make sure you wear hand/ear/eye protection, and preferably a breathing mask as well.
Why not just re-haft it? It's not hard to do.
819108I heard the HF electric angle grinder is bretty gud, and probably doesn't cost more than $40, if that.
Is it ok to put matt varnish on top of gloss?I want to save a bit of money by using some gloss varnish that I already have as the first coat and just buy enough matt for the topcoat. Will this work?
819017Why are you varnishing your hamburger?
819017It should, as long as the varnishes bond adequately to each other not sure why they wouldn't, but...eh.
819019to seal in the juices.
819017This should work perfectly fine. Allow your first gloss coat to fully dry. Then sand it uniformly with sandpaper somewhere between 320 to 400 grit for good bonding.
819021819105thanks
819017It is OK, and even recommended for optimal protection of your models.Matt varnish is matt because of micro-cracs in it's surface.Coating a model with gloss varnish first gives it a nice layer of protection first.
819017OP I did this all the time with my scale models. Primer  Paint  gloss topcoat apply waterslide decals  gloss topcoat  flat topcoatGloss before and after decals so they'd have a smooth surface to bond to and it'd hide the clear backing of the decal better.
Hi, I have a question, I have a small motor and I want to be able to have it run off 3 different power sources but not all at the same time.Is there a way to do this?The small motor powers a small fan, the three power sources are; A chassis that holds 2 AA batteries, one solar cell, and one solar cell that is set up to work for night time it is taken from a solar garden light
what was the original power source for the motor voltage/current/ac-dc?
818960original source was two AA batteries
long ass time to wait for a question
818957Need more info: voltages, makes all the difference with cheap easy solutions manual or automatic switching? For manual get a multipole switch. Automatic is more complicated.Work automatic switching you're going to have a serious hysteresis problem when using solar power. You might be better off with rechargeable batteries connected to the solar, consistent and simple.
8191271.pretty sure all AA batteries are the same voltage2.manual switching, I cannot be assed with auto.the idea now is to have 3 switches, and only switch on the one thats needed, and switch of the others during. My only issue now is I am wondering if it is possibly to wire more than one solar cell together.
/o/ isn't even worth askingSo one of my belts is making a god awful sound upon starting the car. It's almost 30 years old, and I don't know the last time any belts were changed. I figure I my as well just change them all. My question is regarding the timing belt. I checked a few videos and guides, some make it look easy, some make it look hard. Scotty Kilmer makes it look super easy.Before I remove the belt, loosen the tensioner, and replace the pulleys, Scott says to use a marker, and just draw a line to show where everything meets up, then replace belt, and check everything lines up still.Every other guide I look at says to make pistons sit at TDC, drain fluids, among other things.Is replacing the belt as easy as just making sure not to move anything? I'm a pretty handy guy, but don't want to fuck up my only mode of transport.All advice appreciated.Pic unrelated, went full /diy/ in a department store.
818819In theory it's easy, but in practice it can be a huge pain in the ass. First off, while you're in there you might as well put in a new water pump since you're draining the rad/taking it out, depending on the amount of room you've got to work with.Tips: Have some rubber or cork or even towels or something to plug up the transmission cooling lines.Unless you have a bench vise, you may want to buy two tensioner pins. If you somehow fuck up, once you pull the new pin, you're not getting it back in without a bench vice. You can always return one.Take a photo of all the belts prior to removalUse enamel pen, or nail polish to make your own TDC mark. This is weird, but sometimes your mark is a half cog off from the manufacturers mark stamped on there. Good luck, I don't know why this happens. Deal with it.You may want a friend present to turn the cam for you while you slip the new belt on. I always liked to get it close with a ratchet, then progress to and hold it at TDC with a breaker bar. They can move on you, and you'll wish you had 3 hands. If it lurches forward, it's ok to turn it backwards rather than going forward all the way around againIf you do have to remove the radiator, consider a new one. Do you need new hoses? Now's a good time for that, too.Give yourself at least 2 days, and have a backup plan for work, and a ride to the parts store. Pros can do this job in 2 hours. It will take you longer. Worst case scenario, probably 6-12 since it sounds like you've never done it. Also, you're going to do a better job by cleaning all the bolts and crap and shit off everything because you like your car.Oh yeah, use a fucking torque wrench, torque all bolts to spec. If your belt slips off, you probably killed your car.
818819the reason you are supposed to make sure you change the belt at with engine at TDC is because at TDC the valves are all closed, if any of the valves are open and you accidentally move the pistons when the timing belt is off the piston can bump into the valve.if your valve stem bends then your engine is basically fucked and needs rebuilt. big job.I would say your best friend is light, make sure you have a few of those lamps with cages/clamps and shit, maybe a magnetic one.the one thing you won't have too much of is light.take your time, be careful you will do just fine.you can change your water pump with the belt off which means draining fluid, check the service interval for your car and remember that you need the belt off to change the pump. just be careful just to not bump or knock or move the cogs and shit. although if its really at TDC it won't matter, if its not and you bump a cog you might bend a valve.
why would /o/ not be the board to ask on this
818886I'm gonna guess because /diy/ has a greater amateur auto mechanic knowledge base, and they know how to speak human.
818889Yep. just checked out the /o/ catalogue. Mostly car porn and teenagers asking what used car to buy. Little evidence that more than 1% of them have done much beyond changing spark plugs.
818819Timing belts don't get noisy. They fail and blow up engine. Accessory belts get noisy. Not saying you shouldn't change it, but accessory belts and timing belts are 2 different animals.
818819Look up a proper guide specific to your car.Toughness varies by car. Go to Autozone and sign up and you get access to most of what is in a Chilton manual.A car as old as yours may potentially have a timing chain and not a timing belt. Chains fell out of favor in the 1980s. A few vehicles over the years never switched from chains and some are going back to them.
818991In my experience you are more likely to have a failing pulley or bearing making the noise then the belt.
819025I'm assuming OP looked up info on his car since he's already done research on how to do various repairs.818991819028OP does not know when timing belt was last changed, and it's a 30 year old vehicle, which is also his only car. You cannot in good conscience underplay the necessity of replacing the timing belt, even if accessory belts are the noisy ones. Recommended lifespan is 60k miles. Once it gets to 80k, it could break at any moment, and bye-bye engine. Guys, 30 year old car... This is crucial preventive maintenance. You do this 1-3 times for every car you own.
819035I'm not even assuming said car has a timing belt. Could be a chain. In fact, more likely, govern it hasn't died yet. So OP, what are you driving?
818872 Thanks for the advice. I didn't even even consider that I might have to take the rad out, but I'll make sure to get some coolant if it's going to have to happen. I won't worry about a new rad, but I will replace the hoses if I'm removing them.818877I have a headlamp that I use when working on anything. It was the most useful tool I've received to this day. There seems no problem with the water pump, so won't worry about it at this stage.818886Because they just jack off to pictures of cars, and most likely don't even own one. Useless board that one is.818991I know the belt isn't making the noise. But it probably needs replacing anyway, so I may as well do it while I have the other belts off.819025I sussed out my local library actually has a service manual for my car, and the internet doesn't have a free copy. Definitely a belt though.819028I'm getting new pulleys as well. No point spending hours only doing half the job.819035Correct, I'm not replacing it because I KNOW it's bad, but I may as well replace it for the knowledge, and to keep my car running.819038It's an 89 Mazda 121. Got it for $600, and it runs fine besides needing an AC refrigerant change, and this squealing.Thanks you so much everyone for your input. I also read that for the pulleys, I just use a piece of rough sand paper or something similar to make some horizontal friction to help keep the belt from slipping. Is this good advice, or not?
819043Your car is technically a Ford Festiva that was rebadged that year - if I did my homework correctly. Confirm it uses the 1.3 liter engine and I'll post up some info that you can use.Wizard level mechanic here.
Attached is the instructions that any shop would have access to via AllData Repair. If it is the 1.3 liter engine you're dealing with, this is one of the easiest timing belt jobs in the world - much like old Volvo's. I DEFINITELY recommend you give it a shot yourself - it will be hard to botch the job, and you'll learn a lot that you'll take with you in life. The timing belt is likely not the culprit for squeeling however. It's a cogged belt - those don't squeal. Its likely an accessory belt, and highly likely its a V belt. You should change those first if your car isn't scheduled for a timing belt job.
818819Lol every saying if you fucking throw your car out of timing you basically killed it.. ffs. Worse you would do would be bend some valves...I just had this happen on one of my motorcycles when a chain tensioner failed randomly down the highway and the timing chain inside skipped gears and raped my exhaust valves. Took me 2 hours to replace the valves and that includes chopping up a valve shim bucket because that bitch was stuck in there good. I only had to order a new tensioner the rest I had. And setting the timing was so easy.. but I suppose motorcycle engines have more stuff exposed compared to a car.
819047You did your homework correctly. Same engine, slightly different car.819052Wow man, thanks for the image! I like to do everything myself, because I know that I can, unless I need expensive equipment. I live the /diy/ life. I'd even cut my own hair if it was easy.I know the timing belt isn't responsible for the squealing, but if I'm taking the other belts off, I may as well get this out of the way too!On an unrelated subject; the car has no tachometer it's a manual, and can't hear the engine with music on. While it will be easy to wire one up, I don't want to screw it to the dashboard, I actually want to make my own instrument cluster to replace the stock one. Has anyone here done this before? Seems like a fun project. I'm thinking it can't be more than tracing out the shape of the old panel, cutting it, then installing my own gauges and wiring them in. What sort of material is good for making the panel? Metal? Wood?
819062Wiring a tachometer is really dependent on what provision there is on the transmission for a sensor. Sensors of that era are gear driven, so if there's not one already on the transmission, you won't be able to wire a tachometer. Short of hooking up a bicycle sensor to a wheel somewhere. ;
819068I was reading that they're wired to the distributor cap? It makes sense to me.
819071Oh duh, I was thinking of the speed sensor. Yeah, it comes off the ignition module in the distributor. You can wire it to any electronic gauge. And what material you use to make a panel is really up to you. Its an art kinda thing, do what you like. I've made a panel out of wood before. But I had a band saw and professional paint stuff for staining and clear coating.
819072Cool man, you're a legend. Thanks so much for your help. I don't have Alldata, is it possible to export the entire Mazda B3 manual section easily and upload it somewhere? If it's a lot of effort, don't worry :I have a lot of tools to work with. I just want a black panel, so I'm not sure what would be best. Wood doesn't seem like it would last long, acrylic is too shiny, a sheet of powder coated aluminium seems viable. I'll cross that path when I get to it I guess. More focused on maintenance at this point :
No, I can't export it. If you want Alldata, torrent version 9.8 or 10.https://thepiratebay.la/torrent/9637407/AllData_10.53_%28Q3_2013%29_-_Install_Disc__US_Domestics__ExtrasIt's fucking huge though.
819076I saw that, and didn't want to download it. Got a few manuals of Scribd though, found out you can just upload a fake document, then they let you download stuff for free.Cheers for the help!
819025I second this. Autozone has manuals fir just about every car. Need to sign up for free first.
So I am planning on wall mounting my 60" tv soon. The only issue is that I don't what the fuck they did but I swear one wall doesn't even have studs and I believe the wall that does has metal studs. My question isn't really about how to mount the TV to the metal studs but how do I know there aren't any electrical wiring going up the studs. The electrical socket is right on a stud I from my estimates.
Use these and you'll be fine.
818657I know what to do to mount it to the wall. My question was how do I know I'm not going to drill right into a electrical wire? One of the studs is line exactly with an electrical outlet. There is a possibility that the wires run right up the stud.
818658Guess you'll need a fire extinguisher on hand when you do, then.
Easiest way would be to plug something with a big current draw into the outlet and use a non-contact current detector to trace the cable run.
818658Can't you just use a stud finder then?
818678metal behind metal.... yeahh.. that stud finder gonna help
Electrical in metal stud walls should be run in conduit or armor cable. Just like home wiring they run through the middle of studs and vertically up the sides. You shouldn't have any problem with damaging them by hanging something from a stud. If you need to find them you'll pretty much had to punch a hole in the wall, and look using a inspection camera or a big enough one you can just look in.
818673This
818658if you didn't live in a third world country you would have safe zones for electrical wiring and would know not to drill horizontally or vertically from any accessory or near edges.
818855I live in the US. And what do you mean accessory?
818985switches, sockets, literally anything to do with mains electricity thats on a wall, you don't drill or nail horizontally or vertically around it.and electricians promise not to run cables diagonally.
819011Not just a promise Covered under 17th edition here
Just remember that your screw doesn't have to go through a full 1 1/2" or whatever into a metal stud like it does a wooden stud.
Hi, Im looking to get some assistance if possible with a project Im working on. I want to connect an array of Light-Dependent Resistors to a Raspberry Pi, store the LDR's in pigeonholes, and when a letter or parcel is placed in the pigeonhole the LDR is blocked, sending a signal to the Pi which sends an email to the pigeonhole's owner informing them of the parcel.My current design is using 2 8bit shift registers to create a grid to control which LDR is on at any one time, to reduce processing and power requirements. The idea is that one register would control the GND wires along the rows, and the second register controlling the 3.3v wires across the columns. The 3.3v register would step through each of its columns connected to the grounded row forgive my explanation and the signal from the single live LDR at that time would feed back into the Pi.However, I'm having some issues with the shift registers. I've found an example circuit that controls LEDS instead of LDRs on an Arduino system, which should be fine for adaptation, but I cannot get the shift registers to step through the LEDs. I do not know if this is an issue with the hardware, or with the code.This is where the example Arduino circuit is :http://hblok.net/blog/posts/2013/06/30/simple-multiplexing-with-two-shift-registers/And here are some photos of the circuit i have built to emulate this. http://i.imgur.com/PiuUffw.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/rLQ9PSh.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/iBEQCip.jpgCan you spot any issues with this? In terms of converting the arduino code for use on a pi it should be simple enough, i just am not sure about A: adjusting my current circuit so that it works as intendedB: swapping out the leds for ldrsApologies if this is the wrong place to post this, and any assistance would be greatly appreciated!
819074An LDR matrix is much closer to a switch matrix than an LED matrix. Also, if more than two LDRs can be illuminated simultaneously, it causes problems, unless you add extra components diodes or make sure they aren't lit in a "wrong" way.Post a schematic.
819086The plan is to only have one LDR active at any one time, feeding into one signal pin on the Pi. Yeah the plan was to have diodes to make sure the high ouput wasnt feeding back into the Pi.
LDRs seems like the wrong part for the job since they're affected by ambient light. so someone casting a shadow, or the lights failing, could be seen as parcel. I'd go for and IR LED pointed at an IR phototransitor instead, making for a light interrupter. if the LEDs are pulsed, and the phototransistor is filtered for that particular frequency, it becomes even more foolproof.strain gauges would be even better, but they can be expensive.
/gpg/Anyone Working on something interesting Lately?Just finished the 3rd on of these Ive made so far, Its a great destroyer clone
813416Here are some gut shots of it side by side with the one i made before it,
Anyone lurking?813417Heres the website i found the Strip board layout on Tagboard effects, Its a nice blog with a bunch of really well documented layoutsThis has to be the easiest pedal i have built so far, Considerering my first was a big muff on a PCB i found.
Hi, welcome to /diy/'s #9001 guitar pedal thread.Feel free to post schematics AND sounclips for your pedals or GTFO.
813646yeah.I was doing a rat with the original chip. I accidentally installed the chip in the vero upside down. Rather than starting over I attempted to brute force the layout with more cut traces an patch wires. At any rate, it's not working and I'll have to start over anyway. I'll probably look into sockets in the future.
813716Sorry for not conforming to standard procedure, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCJMl3k-nu8
Heres about 1000 more layouts. with demos. Google tagboardeffects because the spam filter is getting angry at meAnd a schematic from an elder thread for a phaser tremolo
813718But DIP sockets are a dollar.....
813416I'm currently working on a mod of the Lofomofo circuit found in here: http://www.jiggawoo.eclipse.co.uk/guitarhq/Circuitsnippets/snippets.html
No guitar pedal enthusiasts at all? I will just bump this thread with schematics then...
I'm interested in building pedals, but I'm working on a guitar at the moment, then probably an amplifier before I start building effects.
816030Personally, I'd go with building effects pedals before an amplifier, especially if it's tube based. Anyway, what kind of pedals are you interesting in building?
816057Not him, but I'm waiting for an optical compressor not to come in the mail. I want to get to the point where I can design my own pedals from scratch. Does anybody know of any good learning resources for that?Here is a junky sounding fuzz I made on a breadboard. Just starting out.
816096Optical compressor kit*
813416Bumping for interest. I've done a little of this but would like to hear more. Currently working on a contact microphone buffer amp.
thinking of making my own great destroyer clone and have a 74ls04 ic laying aroundif i change the connections around would my ic or one mentioned by813783 work similarly for the not gate or are the characteristics completely differentalso where does one find pedal boxes
816057I was hoping to start with a some simple dirt circuits, explore the differences between overdrive/distortion/fuzz pedals, then move my way up to something that modulates. The first amp would be a very simple single-tube 5 watt sort of deal.
816096www.beavisaudio.com currently unavailablewww.geofex.com/ generally, just google "geofex [insert term]" for good stuffwww.diystompboxes.com/smfforum/index.php?board=2.0www.sessionville.com/articles/how-to-make-your-own-distortion-pedalwww.sound.westhost.com/articles.htm816323Here are some good sites if you want to start with pre-made PCBs:http://buildyourownclone.com/ comes with everything needed in the order. No outsourcing neededwww.madbeanpedals.com/projects/index.htmlhttp://tonepad.com/projects.asp?projectType=fxI'm not well-versed in tube amps, but there are DIY kits that I've seen. Here're some good safety tips:http://www.aikenamps.com/index.php/safety-tips-for-working-on-tube-amplifiers
81629374LS series logic is TTL based, you can only put in 5v or it wont work. if you put 9v in it will probably turn into magic smoke.you could possibly use a 74HC series chip if you had one because its actually just CMOS like the 4000 series logic in 813783so no you can't.
816339noted
816293There's a site called mammoth electronics or something like that that has a ton.
81633974HC series has also limited supply voltage range and you risk burning them if you use 9V supply.74C series would work with 9V supply just fine, but they're much rarer than 4000 series logic.
816293www.stewmac.comMore guitar parts but some nice switcheswww.mammothelectronics.comA great source for Hammond enclosures, Dont buy the taiwanese ones from small bear, they suck.smallbear-electronics.mybigcommerce.comReally great for old stocks on capacitors, and weird stuffwww.guitarpcb.comLike the URL says, great for premade pcbs.www.pedalpartsplus.com/Renowned for predilled powdercoated enclosures.www.taydaelectronics.comLots of parts, cheap shippingwww.mouser.comHas just about everything, Provided you can find it, and sells in bulk for great pricesaionelectronics.comGod tier PCB's with great documentation that makes your project really easy if you follow it, If not... well you find out.
Here a big muff I just did for a friend, might put a Proco rat inside the case with it if money comes my way.
813783lol, $300 for a $3.50 and parts
818267Start selling those if you think it's a good business.
818267818280That's what I am doing. I accidentally bought 10 if the chips when I thought I was buying 2, so far I have sold 2 and people really love them. And the kits are like 150 from dwarfcraft I think. I sold mine for 80 and someone traded me a bf2 flanger and payed me 60 for the one in the OP. Was going to make a red llama with the one if the 7 I have left, but it looks like I need the buffered version if that chip
Anyone have any experience with 1776 Multiplex? I'm about to order the PCBs, looks like one of the best delay circuits I've ever heard. This is a demo of a pedal that uses the circuit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzOhA4AwsVIAlso any other interesting tape/lofi/delay effects I should look into?
Does anybody know of a place that prints pcb's? I'm looking at ordering a pcb for a rat clone, but I think it would be cool to put a 3 way toggle on there to switch between 2/3 different diodes for different clipping tones. Maybe this is just a nubbish desire of mine, but asking here anyway. Just started this pedal building thing and it's seriously addictive.
819031it's possible to etch your own circuit boards.
819031I used expresspcb to order boards for a fuzz pedal I designed recently for school, and while they can be expensive I had to go with the ProtoPro, they are also pretty great as far as I can tell. Their free software's not that hard to learn either.
If you're in the US or close, OSHPark.
819031Google syndrome. Super cheap w/ silk screen
819031https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcM6Ll7Og30
Hey there. I taught myself how to make bracelets out of ling cod and other fish skins. I use leather as a backing and I was wondering where you guys get your leather from? I only need small strips and I was thinking of going to thrift stores to find leather jackets/purses/suitcases of anything similar. Anyone have any better ideas?
817980usually i just tan strips of skin from my latest victim, cheap & easyhope this helps OP
I get leather from tandyleather. Not sure what kind of bracelets they are, but I'm assuming you use genuine leather type stuff so thrift stores would be your best bet.
Gardening General!What are you growing? How's it doing? Ideas? Post pics.
I built an 28 m2 greenhouse, double layer poly.Its awesome, will post pics in 12 hours when i got my camera.Its getting hot as hell in there, currently thinking about cooling systems. I hope for the 3000 L of water in there aquaponics helping to buffer the temperature.How do you guys deal with the weather? Do you notice a climate change?
Here's mine so far. We started wayyyyy too late but we're doing anyway so fuck you. First time we've ever done one, so hitting and missing as we go, but it's a learning experience. Growing:jalepenosbell peppers yellow, red, purplered onions, sweet onions, green onionscarrotsvarious cornsquashwatermelons
811201We started wayyyyy too late but we're doing anyway so fuck you. First time we've ever done one, so hitting and missing as we go, but it's a learning experience.mfw Story of my gardening life so far.
811200Its getting hot as hell in there, currently thinking about cooling systems.Adjustable vents near the top. A string-and-pulley system should do for adjusting the flaps.
811201Used a home-made sieve to sift the shit-ton of rocks in this god-damned cursed Arkansas soil. That pile in the background is only a third of the total rocks removed. 811200We were thinking about a greenhouse for next year so that we could kick off earlier in the spring, but we're looking a bit smaller than that lol.
QUESTION for you gardeners.Will 1" chicken wire keep squirrels out? Websites seem to recommend 1/2" or even 1/4" hardware cloth but that stuff is 3-4 times more expensive than chicken wire.
811205
811208It sounds like it's probably good. We had a full grown brown squirrel pic related before capture as a pet for a while, it was definitely too big to handle that, and I don't think that the young ones stray from mommy.
811205i am going to show you the rocks i dug up during the greenhouse project, its enough to do an entrance way in the front of the greenhouse.You can be lucky with these little fuckers, at least you get them out of the soil.I almost think i dug up some old dry stone walls as i life in an river valley and there were orchards everywhere.
811210811208I've seen this catapult solution on the net..
811195seeboards.4chan.org/out/thread/508279/homegrowmen-farming-and-gardening-thread-31
811219Aw shit, forgot to check /out/
Pro tip : I always hand turn my soil with a pitch fork. It is ass hard and I have broken two but it is worth it.Electric rotors are a little more efficient but something about hand tilling and taking the shit out is just idk better?Also Be sure to mix in a bag of pebbles for every 3ft x 3 ft you'll need it to stop erosion and really helps keep your drainage ditches clear.Also mother fucking weed plants, hear me out.Bugs hate the fucks, as in I had a few in the outer ring of the garden, not a problem with pests.Something about the thc or some shit, Stalks also mulch down great. Garlic and onion with it and your golden.
811378The pebbles sound good.The hand forking sounds unnecessary if a machine is at hand.
811201Jealous? Yes.
811431Hand forking is useful if you have a lot of debris or rocks, they will turn anything but a professional style rotor to shit in about three or for good strikes.Also I feel if you do it by hand it gives you a better grasp of what kind of solid you are dealing with in terms of compactness / hardness/ consistency
tomatoes and habenaro peppers. Dont have a yard because appt living but they are coming out nice.
812038about a week later as of yesterday
Oh i'm so glad you're here gardeners. All of my new hosueplants im growing seem in have the same problem. the soil gets hard and clumps together. .eventually the water just rolls off it. I assume i just need some sort of mulch to go over it, maybe some finely shredded bark would do.
I dont have a picture right now because I'm on my phone and cant upload, but I've recently started a garden using the bio intensive farming method or whatever you wanna call it. Developed by the French. Similar to calorie farming except I do it just for general efficiency and grow all sorts of things, I live in Canada so there are some things I cant grow and some things I had to start inside, But mostly everything else is fine. I live on a hobby farm and among our animals we have sheep and horses. They shit a lot so there's a huge pile of their manure behind the barn, and I you dig into it about 10 inches or so, there's pure black fertilizer that's completely decomposed, perfect for tilling into the rows and laying on top. If you don't practice or havnt heard of bio intensive its basically getting the most kg or I guess ammount of yeild as you can in one spot while still being quality. The modern garden set up is designed in thin rows because that's how tractors and machines do it because no machine can till very deep without risk of breaking big unseen rocks so roots of the plants are forced to grow outward because they can't deep, this limits how close in proximity you can plant to other plants. But with bio intensive farming, you dig about a shovel length down or more depending on your soil levels until the soil changes, I know around here it gets more light brown and red and clay like. This soil has a lot more minerals than the stuff above but less organic matter, both types are bwnificial for the plant but you never mix them. So you dig all the first layer out after you've tilled it, you then loosen the clay like earth with a pitchfork so that roots can easily grow through it. You then out the for you dug out back on. You should be able to easily stick your arm all the way up to your elbow in without effort. This allows the plants to grow deep instead of out, also tapping in to the mineral rich earth below.
You do this in 30-40 inch wide beds as long as you want. This way since the plants can grow deep and not outwards you cna plant 5 plants in a staggered dice formation where you normally xould only fit one. You can google it but for many it increase yeikds by more than 100% its far better than the traditional modern style. I grow many greens and root vegetables, from lettuce to tomatos to onions to potatos.garlic helps keep the bugs away too. I recommend lots of fertilizer mixed in and a layer on top.
OP. Now that you got a nice good starting point, look into no-till gardening.Trust me on this. find some hay to lay down right now to protect the soil from the sun. Right now without ground cover it's like you cut off a thick blister and the raw skin is open to the elements. Get yourself some woodchip mulch. Call around to the tree service companies and ask them if they can dump a load of tree mulch off in your driveway. Being a commercial entity they have to pay to dump it if they don't mulch it themselves.If you can get it early enough this year make a low pile and spread your grass clippings into it to help it start breaking down.You want about 3-4" of mulch on your garden bed at the start of every season. This will protect the soil from the sun and wind. Help significantly in retaining water and keeping the ground nice and cool. Fostering biological activity from bacteria and fungi to worms and other detritivores.To plant just pull the mulch aside and plant into the ground, as the plant grows up start pushing the mulch back around it.If you see stunted growth in the first year or two just sprinkle some manure over the top to supplement nitrogen until the mulch stabilizes. When you're adding mulch at the beginning of the year just add it right to the top of the previous layer to keep the aged stuff on the soil.The biggest reason I love heavy mulching is it has obliterated my battle with weeds. When you start seeing little green things that don't belong you take the back side of a bull rake and scrape them up, the weeds are so spindly and weak from coming up through the mulch they just pull right out of the ground. I can weed my entire 1 acre garden in no time.
Illinois resident here. We've been getting drops in temp to the low 30's, so I've had to move most of my plants inside more than once. Everything else is in a starter box I built.pic related
812119Most of my tomatoes are rooted suckers taken from mature Rebelski plants. I was taking a greenhouse management course, and one of my responsibilities was keeping the plants at one or two manageable stems. Hopefully, if I can actually get them in the ground some time this week, I should have an early crop.
812164I have started peppers and bibb lettuce in rockwool cubes, and will be placing them into respective hydroponic setups once they get a bit bigger and the weather is agreeable.
812168Last pic, cukes started in rockwool and rooted in net-cups full of perlite. I had considered using growstones, but the local store only carries pretty big bags, and I typically don't use that much filler.Each of these will be going into a hanging reservoir setup.
812119I'm Chicago suburbs and the average last frost date was the tenth of may. You could've grown some other shit by now outside.
I threw a bunch of extra seeds out around my chicken coop a while back and completely forgot. Yesterday I discovered a bunch of turnips growing.I made a garden too, have really rocky soil just like the guy with pics, also in Arkansas. I did all the work by hand and it sucked ass. I cleared a pretty big spot in a fallow field. So many fucking weeds but mostly lespedeza and johnson grass. I took about 6 months worth of hay covered in chicken shit and buried it in December and spread it all around once I had worked the entire area. Still having problems with johnson grass.
Hi /diy/, I don't normally post here, but i'm in a bit of a jam and this is the only place I could think to ask. Basically my neighbour is on holiday and asked me to take care of her garden, me being the clutz I am, broke a nice vase. Obviously i'm going to tell her, but i'd be nice to get a replacement before she gets back, only problem is I have no idea what this type of vase is. I searched "garden bowl" and "garden dish", but nothing similar came up. Any ideas?
812313It looks like the base plate for a pot but I don't know what it is called. You could probably epoxy it back together, I doubt you will be able to find one exactly like it.
811195I grow tobaccoThis is my first season and its doing very wellFuck the tobacco horn wormJust imagine 60 plants 3-5 feet tall
812313The picture looks like that may have been wood, and split on a pre-cut surface; if that is the case, should be able to repair with epoxy and clamps to hold it together. good luck!
812238Oh, I have. Some of my tomatoes are already in the ground. Bit of frost damage from two weeks ago, but they've bounce back. I seeded dill, spinach, basil, and carrots outside, and minus some squirrel damage, most has sprouted. will post pics when I get my camera back.
812313I've broke quite a few ceramic pots before. Nice big ones too. Get yourself some nice slow curing epoxy. Clean the matching surfaces with a light wire brush and let dry. mix up a generous amount of epoxy. Apply to both sides. squeeze together and hold in place with a couple band clamps. Use a damp paper towel to take care of drips on the outside as it cures.
812047make a new mixi suggest 1/3rd top soil, 1/3rd peat moss, 1/3rd compost, with a perlite scoop or two mixed ineverything comes out to about 8 bucks, and will fill like 10 small pots, 5 med, couple large
811195Growing tomatoes. Trying to figure out what to use to keep bugs from eating them. I fucking hate bugs. I wish I had more spiders in my backyard to devour them all. I also wish insectides weren't such a wash.
813686I'm trying to figure out some nice natural pesticides myself. I've head about using a pepper-based spray as well as a peppermint spray, but no idea if these things ACTUALLY work. I'm not a up-my-own-ass hippy, but at the same time I don't want to spray that thing down with whacky chemicals that I'm not certain are good to go. No bugs yet though, not sure what to expect because this is my first ever go at it.
813737I did it last year and didn't have much trouble besides those tomato eating hook caterpiller things that I got an infestation of just because I was careless removing them early on.This year I don't want any surprises so I want to be proactive. There are a million recommended natural pesticides like coffee spray, or mashed up radishes and random shit like that, but I'm not very optimistic any of it would work.And actual chemicals are kind of hit and miss from my understanding, and you have to be careful about not killing off good bugs like bees and shit.
tomatoes, beets, okra, green beens, onions, cucumbers, and squashDoing pretty well except the onions, it was a little too late for them.
813737Soap water is reasonably effective against aphids. Dunno how natural it is, though. Nicotine also works, but it's rather poisonous.I once tried pepper extract on one house plant which had lots of mites. Mites died, plant didn't totally die. Assuming the amount of pepper was anywhere near right, I wouldn't use that stuff in garden.
Hi /diy/,Not sure if this is the best place to ask this, but this seems like a helpful board.I haven't been able to get a gardener round to mow my lawn so far this year. It's now mid-May and I don't have the equipment to cut the grass as it's now grown too long.I got an estimate from a gardening firm, but I don't know whether they're overcharging me. The quote may also have been for more work than I need just getting the grass under control basically.The garden is approximately 20m x 14m and most of the grass is 20-25cm long some is longer and the price I was quoted, to strim and mow the grass, was £96 £80 + 20% VAT.To any professional gardeners here: does this seem a reasonable price?How many hours should a job like this take?Thanks /diy/.
813803You could really use a hedge.
813866Seems about legit, but you could it cheaper just getting an old scythe and go wild. Shouldn't take more than an hour.
Is there any way to make gardening a job like in the Shire? I think it'd be pretty neat to have a specialized "position" and go around tending to other people's gardens/flowers/etc instead of Mexicans just trimming hedges.
Hey gardenersI started growing this potato in a cup two weeks ago and now it has a couple shoots and some long root structures growing out of it pic related I've literally never grown anything before but I'm a biology student and I really like plants, so I want to make this a project.how do I know if it is ready to plant? do you guys think it looks ready? also how big should the area be? if anyone with experience has any tips that would be great cheers
814016You are supposed to plant them from the start.
814031That is one way, according to Google what I'm doing is another way, that's allI guess I can plant anytime now then?
OP's picture annoys meget them knees dirty, girl, dig indon't be afraid of breaking a nail
814138Just dig a 3-4" deep trench and drop them in about a foot apart. They'll pop up in about a week.
814016Take a botany class. Potatos will sprout roots even if you leave them on the shelf. Why did you put metal spikes through them?Put it in the ground, water it and fertilize it, and maybe the roots will take hold, and maybe you'll get a few leaves from it, but the plant probably won't thrive. Potatos form tubers so they only send out thin spindly roots, but will need about as much space underground as above ground. If you use a pot, get a large pot. They grow to the size of a small bush or shrub.
811208I use regular window screen. Also cayenne pepper.
813866How big is your yard?Where I live if your grass is really tall, some guy usually comes by at least once a week asking to cut it. Usually they'll do the front and back for $20. Try checking out craigslist, when I was younger I mowed lawns for video game money. Just get some kid to do it for chump change.
These are my wildflowers growing so far this year.I just scattered a bunch of seeds everywhere. I'm letting nature decide who will win.
813866For that price you could just go buy a string trimmer and knock it down yourself.
811201no tomatoes
814170Taking one next year, I'm only in first year. Also the spikes are like bridges to hold it on top of the cup just in the water but also keep the shoots out in the air, it sounds crazy but if you Google it you'll see what I mean again never grown a pant really so I just went with internet advice I have a three square foot space in my front yard that is maybe two feet deep, will that do? Why won't the plant thrive?
814262Forgot tomatoes, yeah, we've got Roma, Arkansas Traveller, and a couple others going.
Is there anyone who's tried growing mushrooms on a plot?What's the quick-and-dirty of it and how much do I invest in it, both time and money?
Hey fellow gardenersBeen growing potted strawberries for about the past 2-3 years, maybe 4 not really sure. none the less, im starting to expand in what im growing. Tomatoes, peppers, herbs, melons, and im seeming to find it more and more difficult each day to protect the plants from bugs and animals birds, bees, etc.. and was wondering if anyone had any ideas/help on protection for the plants? i worry about using certain bug/pesticide sprays as i would like to not kill or taint my foods lol. i was thinking about maybe closing off the end of my deck Thats where ive got everything currently planted but im not sure the best way to go about that either. maybe a framed out 2x4 area over them, and then net it to keep it safe? Maybe a greenhouse type thing? dunno what would be best, just tired of seeing my countless battles with my strawberries lost! sorry if i confused anyone!! Ill include a picture along but right now there all sitting on one table  berries, herbs, pepper, and tomatoes i know its not the best but for now its making due! any ideas/thoughts/ anything would be entertained and very much appreciated!
814958Use rocks, head big rocks. berries love'em.
811201poverty/10
811378Also mother fucking weed plants, hear me out.Bugs hate the fucksare you fucking retarded?pests love pot plants.i'll never forget the six month battle with spider mites in my indoor veg and flower rooms.
815279Spider mites fine yes are a bitch on your shit if you keep them in a contained area like a fuck tard with no natural predators.I give zero fucks about your hate of my methods, they work, eat dick cops.
Any suggestions on squash bugs? They are relentless
814016Metal through the tubber is how they teach primary school children how to grow SWEET potatoes, anon. Not regular potatoes, you baka.
I am growing a little lemon tree in a pot, it has a couple flowers and a tiny little lemon growing, but the leaves are looking a little bit less-green, and not as waxy. How to make my precious tree better?
I'm looking to start an herb garden, but is this actually economically feasible? That's part of my reasoning. So often you see fresh basil, fresh blah blah blah in recipes, and I would just like to bypass all that by growing my own. So, a culinary Herb Garden. Anything I must know?
811195Thats not how you hold that fucking thing!
816504Look at how she's crouching too. Her ankles will be screaming by the time she actually plants anything. And she's keeping herself up off the ground.... the left hand pulled back so she doesn't get her nails dirty. 0/10 would not trust with a dandelion.
816463Drainage, light, heat, humidity, water. That order. Citrus trees need _GOOD_ drainage - think orchid mix, rather than standard potting mix. Those roots need to breathe.They also need a lot of light - they're equatorial trees, so think 12 hours or so at worst. I have grow lights giving mine ~18 while I'm wintering them. Heat and humidity tie into that - citrus trees expect high humidity and ambient temps to be in the mid-high 20s 80-90F and do not take kindly to cold. They really shine in greenhouses.They also don't like being overwatered - I water daily, but have a ludicrously high drainage soil 5:1:1 pine bark:perlite:peat moss. If I was using orchid mix, I'd be dropping that to maybe once a week because it holds water much better. With regular potting soil, I'd be looking even rarer, but I'd probably still drown the plant - it just collapses and turns to muck.Impressed you have a lemon growing though - most citrus trees won't fruit until the second or third year.
816509816504Pretty-female-gardner-taking-care-of-her-lovely-garden-on-a-lovely-spring-day-cutting-branches.jpgcutting branchesSeriously, stock photo website?
816511It has a citrus potting mix, so hopefully it's specifically designed for that. heat and humidity are ok for the area i'm in, although it's winter now - it's outside, so is there anything I should do to minimise the cold? I water about... once or twice a week depending if it rains or whatever. The lemon is tiny and still green, but it has 2 flowers as well. Ironically I tried to pick a plant about 6 months ago that had no flowers/fruits so it would grow better in the early years. I might end out pruning the other ones and just let one grow for now... good idea, bad idea? it's still a very small tree so i dont want it to use all its energy to make a fruit.
816512lol wat didnt notice
Hey /diy/Could you guys give me any pointers about growing tomatoes and chillies ? Also , how do I prevent the soil from solidifying and getting hard ? I've had people tell me that its bad for the plant. One more thing.
816580If you're in the right climate chillies seem to grow super well. We planted a chilli plant here Brisbane and it grew to be huge, with a crazy amount of chillies, and it's never been watered or fertilized or anything.
propagating greenhouse. hydroponic tubs bubbling away making roots
811209im from ohio and our propane tanks have the meter hatch on one of the ends instead of in the center. weird.
I grow hot peppers and I have a few plants but since I started late I'm Argentinian I'm not expecting results soon and just hoping to get the plants through the winter.Pic is a locoto hot pepper plant I have from last year. It's pretty resistant to cold temperatures so it will survive the winter.
Started renting this house in March and made the best of the premade raised bed two rows ~4" by 30" and even expanded into a parallel plot in front of it by hand tilling the clay and mixing in some top soil/fertizlizer. Couldnt be better for a first timer.Im surprised this pic was only a month ago, everything has shot up twice or more. The tomatoes are all exploding and some are almost fist size cherry & regular. In total I have basil, dill, tomatoes, peppers, kale, chard, arugula, mixed lettuce, snap peas, cucumber destroyed by deer, zuchinni and sun flowers. Almost all reared from seeds. Recently planted eggplant, rosemary, spinach, white squash on the side of house and some pole beans.811378Mmm makes me want to borrow my friends tiller and dig up the side yard. Its not too late for a corn field right?
check 'em
816688nice dubs
bonsai x72
/out/521303/out/521303/out/521303/out/521303
813686813737813740Neem oil with some soap water.
816688What's your pump model? How often do you cycle the water/add fertilizer?
818565simmer down. both /out/ and /diy/ have been past places for gardening and they even on the rare occasion pop up on /ck/
, 
I just found this old ass VGA monitor, looks like still working.Any worth components inside? Or maybe a cool proyect to do with? Thanks
I like homemade oscilloscopes.
818412If you really feel up to it, you could probably make your own SEM. The biggest component needed is the electron gun inside an old tube display like that.
818416Scanning Electron Microscope?Where can I get more info?
818420You could start from this:http://benkrasnow.blogspot.fi/2011/03/diy-scanning-electron-microscope.htmlThat old monitor isn't really going to be that useful.
818413calling that an oscilloscope is an insult to calibrated test hardware all over the world
818425that particular picture came from google images, but it's true that a proper oscilloscope would be significantly more refined.
818425They also make good props like for Han solo....
818412Do you have enough electronics experience that you're qualified to work with voltages ranging from 100V up to 30 to 40kV? If no then leave it alone. There are voltages high enough within at sufficient current to stop your heart.
If you can rip out the flyback, you can make a plasma speaker for fun
818412tfw I left one of those exact ones at my ex's place
u can make a burrito
818412MAME cabinet
Rip the flyback out and make some sparks like those autists on youtube.
Thanks you all! The plasma speaker seems pretty cool
818412Use the CRT system and make a ghetto oscilloscope. Lots of fun things to build like a good trigger, a precise time base TCXO?, a blanking system.
TV CRTs are optimized for raster scan though real scopes have electrostatic deflection, so it would be pretty darn ghetto.
What`s the best thing you have seen someone doing with that?
818757
818757use it to program the Atmel chip directly, then put it in their own circuit with appropriate regulators and crystal.
818768Why? I never knew how to use Assembly to do cool things so my brother showed me this and I made my first LED blinkit was a magic gay moment
818769I always assumed that was the obvious thing to do, but people actually seem to use the full Uno board with a stack of shields on top.
818778Well, that's what separates the filthy casuals who will end up working at Burger King or Dominos from the guys who will end up with engineering degrees and actually making shit.
818778the thing is there's a ton of tutorials that make the thing basically legos with copy and paste code so a lot of people just play with it like that. It is pretty stupid to put a $30 board into something just to make LEDs blink but on the other hand, most people aren't engineers so learning to work directly with the chips is overkill.
818781how many times can you read/write to that?
818784data sheet says 10,000 times
818780Not everybody make of their hobbies a job, for example I like to program but I'm not a programmer and I'm happy with this
818778818778I did this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2ViLjXX1zgIt becomes a pretty useful prototyping aid with the LCD+keypad shield. I can write menus with different functions to test many things at once with more or less precision. I made a neat 555 driver shortly afterwards.I also used it to program a bunch of this 818781, I can't think of a better programmable chip when it comes to small circuits.
818792sounds like people are shooting in the background omg r u ok?
818792what even is that? Looks like a regulator but I can't see how you'd use an arduino in it.
818757Used it to run pic related. I threw away the original board and just kept the display.It still needs work, mostly developing a library , a font, and to be taken out a breadboard. At least I got it working last weekend with relative ease.
818814what's this ?
818808Just fireworks, I hate local festivities.818811The thing attached to the heatsink is just a big mosfet, to drive a flyback you basically need to switch the current going through the primary very fast, with the arduino I could control the frequency and duty cycle easily, in the circuit that is done with a 555.818814I remember this, I'ts been a long time.
818833You know those things on shop windows etc. which scroll text? It's that, except without the controller.
818757What`s the best thing you have seen someone doing with that?Is an Arduino mega useful? That depends on your own imagination and what you are trying to do. I would agree that most people don't need one, but then,,, most people don't mess around with building electronic stuff either. Disclaimer: I tend to find that the Uno-size boards don't have a lot of pins to be useful; I just buy the Mega boards automatically.And -tbh- I don't use shields myself because they tend to block access to the rest of the pins.If you need cheap & easy digital control, a Chinese Arduino board is pretty cheap and pretty easy to use. -----------I don't get the "lets shit on Arduino" topics.It sounds a lot like the guys who say "don't buy mini mills and lathes, they suck and you can't do anything with them".?Ardunos and China mini-mills are prolly not the greatest products ever, but not seeing the possibilities sounds like a personal problem. :|
818847It actually had the controller, but no fucking way am I figuring out what went wrong and fixing it. I can design and code the control and power supplywhich will also be more efficient than the linear PSU it had previously with substantial ease. I just need to get off 4chan and get it done.
819030It also uses a proprietary keyboard and connector to program the message displayed when it's running. so yeah, going with a cheap, high level programmable micro is the best way for me. But the working LED matrix+ shit registers, the case, and transformer made it well worth the $1.00 I paid for it at a recycling center.
818836I remember this, I'ts been a long time.yeah, working through some other projects that have been on the infinite development shelf. I'm quite embarrassed at how long it's taking me to be satisfied with this particular one to call it finished.
I implemented a digital PID control to an angular system controlling the pwm of two DC motors. Pic related.
Any hairfags here that have a tutorial for this style? /fa/ failed me.
Another reference pic
What made you think this was a good idea?
818994Short hair on the sides and back, long on top, brush it forward.
819014That's what I figured. My hair isn't long enough yet, but I don't want it to slop over when I get the sides cut. I guess I'll be headed to a stylist.
If you have a Visible Changes nearby...someone there will know....Oh yeah, and you need to take a time machine back to the 80s.
It's a bit late to make this at this time of the year, but it's the only time of the year when i can do stuff for myself. So I want to make a poncho out of a old coat, is it possible?
Forgot to mentionI don‘t have the following:-Sewing expérience-Any particular skill with doing stuff with my hand
818930is it possible?yes
818930818931hi every1 im new!!!!!!! holds up dremel my name is kiddy but u can call me t3h t0rx oF d00m!!!!!!!! lol…as u can see im very DIY!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet DIY ppl like me _… im 43 years old im mature 4 my age tho!! i like 2 watch Cousins Undercover w/ my girlfreind im bi if u dont like it deal w/it its our favorite tv show!!! bcuz its SOOOO DIY!!!! shes DIY 2 of course but i want 2 meet more DIY ppl = like they say the more the merrier!!!! lol…neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses!!!!DDDDDDIIIIIIIYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! --- me bein DIY again _^ hehe…toodles!!!!!love and torx bits,t3h t0rx oF d00mSo, you have some old trash, no skills, don't know if what you want to do can be done, and you came here to ask for advice?
818961So much effort into something that wasn't even funny.
818990copy/pasta is specifically for times like this
818930On the offchance you really are that retarded and not just trolling: Your jacket idea probably won't work out the way you want it to, though you're welcome to try. Here's what I would do if I were you. Go to your local goodwill, find the blanket section... there is one. I've found some great deals there especially this time of year. Grannies be getting rid of them blankets. Practically brand new. See if theres one you like. Then you cut a hole in said blanket, and boom. Poncho. Alternatively, flea markets may have good blankets or perhaps just a poncho you can get on the cheap. Amazon has some for 20 bucks too. 818993If you want to make fun of the guy I don't blame you, but at least be more creative than that shitty pasta.
Since my Kangertech EVOD-2 atomizer was starting to give burning flavour, I changed its wick. The coil is homemade and is exactly 1.0 ohms. Now after changing the wick, my atomizer goes extremely hot my e-cig liquid was boiling inside the atomizer and it produces no smoke. What should I do?
818321Have you considered not being a druggie anymore? Then you could throw all this shit in the trash where it belongs and spend your time doing something productive and creative instead.
818321You shouldnt wind your own coils, thats what you should do.
if the coils are touching it might be gay
818355have you considered sucking a dick.
Assuming you're using the same coil...Too much heat for the juice flow. Either increase resistance or improve Juice flow.-The wick may be too tight.-Check resistance with it assembled to check for a bad connection-It's also a good idea to dry burn the coil with no wick or juice while it's disassembled to burn off the crap and check for hot spots. Since it's hot but not producing much vapor, A hot spot could be the problem. Look for nicks in the wire,ect.818476Coil looks good818355Stop liking what I don't like
818321How do you know the coil is exactly 1.0 ohm? A DMM might tell you that, but those things are notoriously unreliable at that range. The only way to know if it's actually 1 ohm is to measure with 4 point Kelvin style probes and a decent micro-ohm meter.
818539Or measure the voltage drop in both polarizations then compute the resistance manually. You would need a good volt meter and a PS capable of putting out at least an amp, along with a calibrated shunt.
818504Yeah, but then I decided I didnt want to be associated with other vapers.
Is the wrap on the far right a different color or is it the light?It could be shorting since the coil seems to be leaning. It would make the right lead very hot with no juice.818547Vaping helped me kick a 30 year habit, 10 of which I was trying to quit. I can smell and taste again and the morning cough is gone.We're not all pretentious assholes showing off the latest marketing gimmick. I get the hate, they annoy me too, but rebuilding is a money saving hobby with better results than stock stuff for some of us.Hide thread, move on.
818555kick the habitstill vapingI dont think it works that way.
818556Nicotine itself isn't any more harmful than caffeine. It's the tar, added chemicals to cigarettes, and other products of combustion that are what makes cigarettes so unhealthy.
818559Right, thats why smokeless tobacco is so safe.I understand that there are always 20 studies, and they all contradict each other so we get to cherrypick which ones we like.
818564Right, thats why smokeless tobacco is so safe.At least 28 chemicals in smokeless tobacco have been found to cause cancer 1. The most harmful chemicals in smokeless tobacco are tobacco-specific nitrosamines, which are formed during the growing, curing, fermenting, and aging of tobacco. The level of tobacco-specific nitrosamines varies by product. Scientists have found that the nitrosamine level is directly related to the risk of cancer.In addition to a variety of nitrosamines, other cancer-causing substances in smokeless tobacco include polonium–210 a radioactive element found in tobacco fertilizer and polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons also known as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons 1.I understand that there are always 20 studies, and they all contradict each otherSo we should just listen to some anon that doesn't like vaping. Go bitch is a brewing thread faggot. or better yet go back to where ever you came from
818570I come from /diy/Vape threads have never been allowed here.Especially ones filled with deluded people trying to justify their new habit in the name of "health"
818578Good show sir, ma'am?
818578Vape threads have never been allowed here.Mods have deleted bitching in vape threadsIt's not illegal.
818582Sex toys arent illegal.
818589in some jurisdictions they are:^
818321Kangertech EVOD-2After you wind your coil you should use some needle nosed pliers to pinch the coils together. Make sure that there isnt any space between them. Attach it to the posts. Then begin fireing it. Make sure that it heats up from the center out. Make sure nothing is touching what it isnt supposed to what I think is the problem. Otherwise youll short out and be heating up something that you arent supposed to. Finally, only use organic cotton that youve boiled for the wick. Twist up one end tightly, shove though, untwist and fluff. Double check that you didnt bend the coil from wicking. Soak in the fluid and check that it fires correctly. Little droplets should jump off at it is instantly vaporized. Finish the reinstall and enjoy.
Hey /diy, i'm planning on building a homemade smelter similar to the one on the pic to smelt aluminum cans. I'm only concerned about the material used for insulation, because some of them can crack with high temperatures. What easily obtainable material do you recommend?
Similar to THIS, selected the wrong pic.
mixture of fire clay and sawdust
What do you use the aluminum for?
803098Mainly for smelting into ingots for future projects
I'm in the same process at the moment. From what I've read, a 50/50 mix of plaster of paris and sand works well. Sand gives the plaster higher heat resistance and less cracking, or something like that.
803167Are you sure that this mix can withstand the heat? It gets up to 700°c in there.
sawdust?
what
803085Want to make a small note from experience working in an aluminum reserach lab. Pop cans are rather bad in alloy composition for anything really and you will lose more than 50% of the material. There is a lot of surface area in the pop cans that will oxidize. The fact that particulates from the smelter fall onto the aluminum only make things worse. There is a good chance that when casting the aluminum alloy from the pop cans will crack. It is a very tough alloy.I would strongly suggest putting a lid on the crucible. As well, go to an auto scrap dealer and get damaged aluminum wheels. You can get a very large ingot of great castable aluminum that you can cut up with a hack saw.
803265This. I don't get the fascination with melting pop cans here. I've heard automotive pistons are also a good casting alloy with lower melt point than steel. Good luck.
Hope this helpshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBF8zUjAArE
Extended versionhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHD10DjxM1g
803265804216https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtUU1tQ6QR8
804289Great vid; it's what I would have expected for aluminum cans, but he actually did the work. tldw: Can alloy is soft, not stiff, and machines well b/c soft. Cast Al alloy is stiffer. Both cast fine.
Don't use pop cans. They are terrible for casting. They make aluminum specifically for casting. Do not use wrought alloy aluminum for casting projects unless you plan on working it at least 40%.Protip, any 3 digit alloy for aluminum is used for casting.4 digit alloys are used for forgings.Go buy some 319 aluminum ingot and call it good. Also both pictures you posted are unsafe. You only want to handle molten metal on dry dirt or fire brick. Handling molten metal on concrete is asking for troubles.Please before you try any backyard metal casting, read a couple books on metallurgy and safe practices. You will just be wasting your time otherwise.
805422Now you have to give us some titles or resources anon.
804216I don't get the fascination with melting pop cansme eitherthey're worth more to recycle than the aluminum you get from thembeverage companies subsidize the recycle value
803259I made a small forge from the same stuff, it's held up fine. Only wear is from me moving shit around in there and grating it off with the piece I'm heating. It's pretty soft but the heat itself won't do it, so be gentle and it will last.
805614Refractories and furnace design is not my area of expertise. A basic google search on furnace refractories will give you a lot of good information. Ive had to reline a couple of them and it is a pain in the ass. If you want to some good books on basic metallurgy i can give you that. Ill break it up into sections.Physical metallurgyPhysical Metallurgy Principles by R.E. Reed-HillPhysical Metallurgy by R.W. Cahn and P. HaasenFerrous Physical Metallurgy by Anil Kumar SinhaPhysical Metallurgy "handbook info"Structure and Properties of Engineering alloys by W.F. SmithAluminum: Properties and Physical Metallurgy by J.E. HatchMicrostructural Stability and DiffusionStability of Microstructures in Metallic Systems by R.D. DohertyDiffusion in Solids by P. ShewmonThe Mathmatics of Diffusion by J. CrankMetallurgy of SteelThe Physical Metallurgy of Steels by W.C. Leslie  out of print by still a great resourceThe influence of Microstructure on the Properties of Case-Carburized components by G. ParrishSteels Processing, Structure and Performance by G. KraussAlloying elements of Steel by E.C. Bain Phase transformationsPhase Transformations in Metals and Alloys by van NorstrandTransformation in Metals by P.G. ShewmonPrecipitation hardening by J.W. MartinHeat Treament, Structure and Properties of Nonferrous Alloys by C.R. Brooks.Strengthening of Metals and Mechanical MetallurgyMicromechanisms in particle Hardened Alloys by J.W. MartinMechanical Metallurgy by G. DieterDeformation and Fracture Mechanics of Engineering Materials R.W. HertzbergFailure of Materials in Mechanical Design: Analysis, Prediction, Prevention by J.A. CollinsMechanical Behavior of Materials by T.H. CourtneyFatigue of Materials by S. SureshFundamentals of Metal Fatigue Analysis by J.A. BannantineFatigue Design by C.C. OsgoodMetal Failures by A. J. McEvilyMaterials SelectionSelection of Engineering Materials by G. Lewis
806732This list was given to me by my professor for additional reading. I don't come here often because of the sheer stupidity of this board. I have tried to come here before to give advice, but i have found that people come here with an idea already in their head and just want other people to agree with them. They refuse to listen to knowledgeable advice. One example was the guy trying to cast a gun barrel out of some random aluminum alloy. I told one of my professors about it and he just laughed. Ill help point people to resources, but that is about it. I already get this kind of stupid shit from mechanical engineers  the worst kind of engineer. I am over trying to help hobbyists.
806734I don't come here often because of the sheer stupidity of this board. I have tried to come here before to give advice, but i have found that people come here with an idea already in their head and just want other people to agree with them. They refuse to listen to knowledgeable advice.This post needs to be permanently displayed at the top of /diy/ for all time. Your books look like extremely good resources too.
806734i have found that people come here with an idea already in their head and just want other people to agree with them. They refuse to listen to knowledgeable advice.If you add to that the people giving advice that have no idea of what they're talking about, most threads are pretty disheartening.
These Foundry threads are usually crap anyway. They're nearly always the same question, which is easily answered by Google. And they always derail into the same age old debates when one of the following buzzwords is mentionedZincLeadCoinsCans
806817The king of random link really helped me out with ideas on how to make a foundry, before that I only had gingery's guide, which while still useful was hardly written in a contemporary way .
how big a problem are arsenic fumes if/when smelting copper?
807003Just have plenty of ventilation. Don't stand over your Furnace enjoying Monoxide and other fumes. You'll be fine.
807003This has been bugging me this entire thread. It is only called smelting if you are starting from raw ore like chalcopyrite. If you already have copper metal, its just called melting. You are melting copper.Using technical terms incorrectly just makes you look like a retard. Unless you are absolutely sure what a technical word means, you are better off just using common language. I highly doubt anyone here is doing actual smelting of any kind, especially copper or aluminum. Iron is possible to do in a home set up, but you have to know what you are doing and its pretty dangerous. No way someone has the proper acid bath for aluminum or copper.
807274acid bath for aluminumThanks for the info. I thought aluminum used an alkali bath in smelting.
hey so, will little green coleman propane tanks with a cheapo benzo pencil torch pic related work for melting aluminum and copper? ive been trying to use it in small diy furnaces with just a steel veggie/soup can and aluminum bits but it doesnt seem to do shit.
807306and yes the furnaces are all sealed as much as possible without cement or refractory except for a small exhaust port to let the exhaust out. the flame is pointed at the can where the flame makes the biggest red spot on the side on the bottom.
803265804216pop cans that's why I use soda cans
807274Thanks for mentioning that. I do copper and iron smelting as a hobby and it always bothers me when the two are confused. Also, it's not that much more dangerous or difficult than running a regular foundry furnace. It just takes more experience to know that the chemical reaction is going smoothly. If anybody is interested check out De Re Metallica see link. It's an early text on ore acquisition and metallurgy. http://www.gutenberg.org/files/38015/38015-h/38015-h.htm
Been trying to build a smelter for aluminium with friendsFirst time we do it is pretty off-the-cuff, we hadn't really discussed it the idea just came up that nightTerribly inefficient even with an airflow moving through it, all the heat is escaping. Didn't even heatproof the steel trashcan we were using, thing got orange hot and then discolored later.Aluminum didn't melt very well, in the five strides from the smelter to the pouring mold it actually solidified.Try again, this time actually plan stuff outLine trashcan like 803167 said on the sides and bottom, made a lid out of plaster/sand as well with a hole above the crucible for easy accessImprove airflow as wellSmelter now gets hot as fuck, have to wear gloves and use some short tongs just to get close enough to chuck aluminum inIn fact it gets too hotHole melts through crucible, aluminum pours out but isn't noticed at the timeChannel to airblower is actually downward sloped from the leveled bottom of the smelter, terrible design in hindsightWould have traveled all the way through to blower, thankfully melted through ghetto-rigged duct-tape airflow first and out onto the groundIt is at this point we noticeIs it possible to get charcoal briquettes to get hot enough to melt steel? For our crucible we were using a can that we were almost certain was steel.
807331Yes and no. In that case it was probably an extreme form of oxidation that deteriorates the steel. You see this a lot in beginning blacksmithing where pieces are left too long in the forge and then bubble and chip away. This is called scale.
807337How do I avoid it happening again?
807340Limit your airflow and keep an eye on how hot you're getting the furnace.
807331Do you know what designation the aluminum was you were casting? How much aluminum did you melt down? What was your superheat on the aluminum? What was your crucible made from? What mix of plaster and sand were you using for insulation? What kind of floor was your furnace sitting on?The people on this board do realize metallurgy is a science right?Just because you turn some metal into a liquid doesn't mean it will be useful for anything. For the sake of my sanity, go watch all 129 videos on this guys channel. Maybe you will learn from osmosis. Im serious, go watch every single video. Hopefully the lot of you have the attention span to at least watch a youtube video, because clearly it seems you don't have the patience to pick up a book and read.Go search MyFordBoy on youtube and watch his entire channel. The lack of awareness here is astonishing. Do any of you realize that working with molten metal is dangerous? Do you know if you improperly charge a crucible you can cause a violent explosion of molten metal? Ive seen it happen and the man came back with 3rd degree burns all over his face and arms. He didn't pre-heat the aluminum bar that had residual moisture. The water inside the bar instantly vaporized and there was a steam explosion that blew metal in about a 10 foot radius. Do you know if you mix your green sand wrong and make your gating too long and narrow you essentially are making a pipe bomb that will explode in your face while pouring? Its like im watching children play with a loaded handgun here
807331Nice troll story. You caught captain Autism here807368 hook, line and sinker
807306You need to get some air in there. Build a simple burner for the torch.Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZdOmJj4qDoNothing complicated.
803167803259Let is set for a long ass time, and heat it slowly the first time it's fired up. Any water trapped in it could cause some bad damage, to itself and anyone/thing nearby.Or make/buy a steel frame and line it with fire bricks, works well enough, and they can be drilled through for more air flow803259
On a related note, if I were to make a smelter, is there a way to make money from it?I'm just wondering, because I also want to get into blacksmithing, and making money on the side would be nice.
807621The only way to make money is to sell cast objects. No scrappies want random ingots.
807411im sure theres some formula for the area of the air holes to how big the exit is right?
Hard Drives. Almost always the black bottom portion to a hard drive is aluminum. How good is that kind of alloy for casting/working?
807645Nope.jpegCheck out the first burnerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQfIGz7Q5LkI guess it makes a difference - not sure how much.
807331Do you know what kind of aluminum you were casting? If you are just melting random scrap you more than likely won't get good results. Also the crucible you are using is very important. If you use a ceramic crucible the metal won't cool as fast.
807646Shit, unless you are working on an industrial scale.Im going to assume that the type of person asking this question knows fuck all about metal. All metal you see at one point was cast. Aluminum is generally divided into two types of categories. Ones used for near net shape casting  3 digit designations and ones used for forgings 4 digit designations. Most of the aluminum you see has been hot and cold worked. It will not be good for near net castings. That is, it will be shit for anything you want to cast that is close to the final shape. If your goal is to cast some aluminum into a bar that you then plan on hot working by more that 50% then 4 digit aluminum will work. You need to heat the aluminum to about 50% of its melting temp  absolute temperature which works out to be around 200 C. Then you will need hydraulic presses, dies, machinery, etc. If you want to cast things into their final shape you need to use 3 digit aluminum. Even then there are differences. For example a 319 aluminum with only a 20 degree C superheat has better fluidity than a a 212 aluminum with a 120 degree C super heat. It all comes down to what you are trying to do. I suggest reading the books i posted earlier.
807827whoops 212 should be 206, but you get the point
cast a garden gnome
807941That turned out pretty heretical.
805422I would even go so far as to say course sand. liquid metal splashes
806734my professorstupid mechanical engineerspray tell, how do you, as a student, feel you are more knowledgeable than a chartered engineer?
807952the only engineers who don't think mechanical engineers are the largest group of dip shits, are mechanical engineers. My entire job is correcting the mistakes of mechanical engineers. I will never be out of a job.
808067so...materials science? metallurgy?
807368Avoid this post at all costs, anon.Your Jedi mind powers are useless here.
807950I prayed pretty hard to the Omnissiah before casting.
808067It's not that they're dipshits, they just choose not to learn anything outside of the usual shit. I am yet to meet a chartered engineer in their 30's who actually remembers minutia in regards to metallurgy.
807827Honestly, just backyard casting. Random shapes are designs. Mostly little trinkets or symbols to show off, nothing that actually have utility to it beyond a paper weight.Maybe, in the future, do some tooling to stuff. But yes, casting into final shape using lost wax/foam methods.
807368The lack of awareness here is astonishing. Do any of you realize that working with molten metal is dangerous? Do you know if you improperly charge a crucible you can cause a violent explosion of molten metal? Ive seen it happen and the man came back with 3rd degree burns all over his face and arms. He didn't pre-heat the aluminum bar that had residual moisture. The water inside the bar instantly vaporized and there was a steam explosion that blew metal in about a 10 foot radius. Do you know if you mix your green sand wrong and make your gating too long and narrow you essentially are making a pipe bomb that will explode in your face while pouring? I worked at an aluminum smelter after HS graduation and your words needed repeating. Super dangerous work even at professional foundry.807368
Heat = Danger. Who knew? If anyone needs me I'll be here 806660 informing them electricity also kills.
807368Just because you turn some metal into a liquid doesn't mean it will be useful for anything. Yeah, those Bronze Age fuckers were into some advanced tech, way beyond the realms of the /diy Foundryman.Metal isn't Plastic you know - and its not like anyone said they intended to cast Titanium Aircraft parts.
808922they will barely be able to cast a paper weight from what ive seen in this thread
This seems like a good thread to ask. I melted 2 trashbags of soda cans and got like 1/2 a muffin ingot out of it. The rest seemed to be slag. Is this normal? What can i do to increase the yield? Other than melting better quality aluminum.
Can jet fuel be used to melt steel beams in this?
809580Can jet fuel be used to melt steel beams in this?Yes though I expect you were trolling unless you have access to waste fuel which cannot be used in aircraft, for example from fuel tank draining operations.Jet mech here and the only thing that keeps jet engine hot sections from melting into a ball of junk is literally tons of air pumped through them as a cooling blanket. Jet fuel is close to diesel fuel and if you've enough of it would be suitable for foundry work and even better than waste oil, which if you Googled before trolling you'd know is common for hobby furnaces. The internet is fucking packed with casting threads so how about doing your homework and reading them instead of expecting answers here on a somewhat complex subject?
809576soda cans are really terrible sources of al. that said 40-50 cans should make about a lb of aluminum so depending on how big your cans are you might be losing aluminum somehow
809602*how big your bags are
It seems like smelting outdoors would be uncomfortable. Has anybody here built a smelter shelter? That would make it a smelter skelter kind of day for me.
809586being this butthurtpeople being this butthurt is how i know the 9/11 conspiracy is valid, doth thou protest etc etc
809550Obvious Troll is obvious. If you're that great then post some stuff you've cast.Otherwise GTFO Armchair Foundryman.
809608Smelting is uncomfortable. It gets hot. If you want a tin roof etc have at it but smelt first because you may not even like it. It's hotter than welding, for example.
809739your turn
809955Burn. My apologies to you sir. I retract my previous opinion and now classify myself as an arsehole. It just bothers me that everyone has an opinion yet no one posts anything.You go to the Glassblowing thread people are blowing glass, in the Electronics thread people are building electronics etc.The other two things posted are mine as well.
810133
810135
810133Ill be honest, the glass working thread surprises. While its not the best quality work  i know quite a few ceramic engineers who are really good with hot glass, there are quite a few people participating. That is not how it usually goes.What gets me is all of the people here in /diy/ who want to do foundry work, blacksmithing, welding, or machining. They want to go about it the hard way. They want to melt pop cans in a barbecue grill with a hair dryer attached. They want to get a welder than just plugs into a wall that can do everything etc.Its like they are trying to walk to their next door neighbors house. Instead of just walking directly there, they decide to walk all the way around the block to get there. Sure you get there eventually, but you just wasted a lot of time. 1 lbs of high quality aluminum alloy that is designed to pour costs about $5. Using that instead would save enormous amounts of time and headache. Reading a book or webpage on casting design and theory would make their casting more likely to succeed. Again saving time, money, and a headache.Educating yourself is well worth it if you are actually serious about getting into metal working. The people that don't take the time, I don't think they are sincere about it at all. So i have a hard time taking them seriously. Picture is something ive machined, welded, and forged. You already saw one of my castings.
806734I feel bad that I agree with mech eng being dipshits half the time, but jesus christ who the hell do you work with? Everyone that I know in mechanical often goes back to basic material science textbooks every once in a while. Do mechanical engineers in your country not get taught about basic materials, or do they simply ignore materials altogether? This boggles me.
810614they simply ignore materials altogetherNot the same guy, but a lot of the mech eng that i know think material selection is an after thought and should be the last thing that is considered when designing something.That thinking is the exact opposite of what it should be. Your budget will dictate what material you can use, that in turn should affect your design. How you plan on manufacturing it is also a big factor.For example some mech engineers designed and made a drive shaft with splines on the ends. The largest cross section is 0.75" and the smallest is 0.5". They chose 4140 steel. Anyone with a materials background should be shaking their head right now. They start asking why their part is failing.  They chose 4140 because they heard someone else say it was a good steel. They looked up its mechanical properties and saw that it met their criteria so they went with it. They didn't factor in the hardenibility of 4140 and know that your part needs to be at least 5" in diameter or you can get through hardening of the steel and greatly reduce its fatigue properties. There is no way to fix that part and make it usable. If they went with a standard 1045 steel, it would have met all their criteria and would not fail under fatigue. Mech engineers are good for one thing, CAD. That's about it.
810764I'm at a loss for words. I never knew people could be capable of such ignorance, if you could even call it that. I admit that materials is the first or second thing I think about simply because it's logical to see if X can meet or exceed criteria, but your anecdote could cost people lives, man. Shit's pretty fucking scary if you push that for production and shit goes wrong worldwide because of that.
810368question metallurgist, what would be a good alternative to 6061 T6 for casting? I was looking at either 771.0-T71 or 357.0-T6 but I don't know enough about either one to make a good decision. 810764This is pretty much my experience, but mech engineers are so concerned with potential design flaws that they don't really worry about materials and their properties. at the plant I work at, the mech eng's are so concerned with trying to increase machine efficiency, in order to keep their jobs, that they end up causing more problems than they fix and then maintenance has to go back and jury rig something to work. it's a shame but it keeps you and I in a job then it's not such a bad thing. However, I think that they should consult a metallurgist before making a definitive decision on a material, but that's just wishful thinking on my part.
810974question metallurgist, what would be a good alternative to 6061 T6 for casting? I was looking at either 771.0-T71 or 357.0-T6 but I don't know enough about either one to make a good decision.it really depends on what you are trying to cast, Is it a critical part that will be under load or a more decorative piece? Are there any mechanical properties you need to consider?Are you going to attempt to heat treat, deform, or machine it? How thin of a wall section will you have? How hot can your furnace get?In general though, any 3 digit alloy will be better than a 4 digit alloy for casting.And just so you know The "T#" designation refers to the heat treatment the part has undergone. The ones you picked are age hardenable alloys. They require a very precise heat treatment in terms of furnace temp and duration. Too short or too long and your part won't meet spec. Unless you have experience with aging aluminum, i would suggest an as cast alloy. Which means it doesn't need to be aged to achieve peak strength.
810981the part I'm casting is an AR15 receiver which isn't under very much load or stress, It will need to be machined and anodized. the walled sections aren't a problem because they will need to be machined to tolerance, I haven't taken an accurate measure with my furnace, but I am able to melt copper tubing if that means anything. 810981The ones you picked are age hardenable alloys.my friend sent me these suggestions, because I am having trouble finding material similar to 6061 that is meant for casting.
810989In all honesty you are better off buying a solid billet of aluminum that has already been heat treated and machining the whole thing. Machining a part that has been cast can be complicated. Residual stresses from the cast structure can lead to complications.You will already have to machine almost all of it anyway so you won't get much out of casting it. Look into 80% lowers.This way you skip having to heat treat it yourself and make a pattern for casting.
810994yeah, I know about 80% lowers, I wanted to see if I could use my 3D printer to make a mold with thickened walls for thermal expansion and machine it that way, but it would probably be more trouble than it's worth since I've seen some lowers going for 40$. Oh well
what would i need to do to melt steel?
811628Melting steel isn't that difficult. But melting Steel and casting it again as Steel would be extremely complex at a /diy level. Look at making cast iron.
811634 well whats the difference between steel and cast iron? What makes one easier than the other?
811637Carbon
811637Cast iron = lots and lots of carbon. Melts easier, flows better and is mechanically much worse, except when your application happens to require cast iron.
811628kek fuel
805614Now you have to give us some titles or resources anon.Not really. How dare you try to get comprehensive info here when the internet is at your disposal?That's fucking lazy and stupid and you damn well know it. Asking for others to write you an encyclopedia is bullshit.Find metalworking and welding and casting and machining forums then STUDY. You will be glad you did.
803101*meltingYou wouldn't smelt an aluminum can. Smelting is the process of reducing metal ore to a more pure substrate. It's already metal and is as pure as you, a hobbyist, could ever think to make it. All you're doing is remelting it.Sorry. I've been told this over and over, and now even I don't like seeing melting and smelting used interchangeably.
812180You've clearly never Smelted Chocolate Anon It ain't easy. It just proves how great I am.jpeg
812180Many non-English languages don't have that distinction. Thats why.
812409Mine doesn't. we use "smelt" for everything when it comes to luquifying a solid substance by using temperature.
I don't know if there is anyone on here who has any experience with aluminum moulds, let alone moulds for hobby use, but I'll ask anyways.I am looking to make about 50-100+ small aluminum parts about 18x18x18mm that I will be machining to tolerance afterwards. Essentially casting 5 parts will save me at least 3 hours of machining time combined between those 5 parts and the machining touch ups are literally 1 minute operations. I have access to some P20 tool steel at work and machines to make a small multicavity mould out of, will P20 be a suitable material for this purpose?
812861Try the Practical Machinist forums. Much more expertise lives there than on /diy/.
804216803265It's because they're readily available and it's something to do. People who smelt soda cans aren't interested in serious metallurgy and that's fine.
806064um. You can get soda cans for free in the MANY states that don't have a deposit. 803265I will make a note that generally backyard foundrys have a lid with a small hole for venting, even if its something like OP's first pic. Also you lose on the order of 10% or so if you start with an ingot and toss the crushed cans into the pool of molten aluminum.805422most backyard casters are doing it for small jewelry/models/medallions/signs. Of course you would buy some decent aluminum scrap if you're trying to cast parts for a steam engine or something. It's a hobby, if a cast cracks on you, you do it again. There's other places where backyard casters get lower yields from, such as not preheating the cast bed which keeps you from ruining a cast because you had an aluminum clot in the sprue where it blocked off the rest from getting down the channel.And yeah, second concrete absorbs water and can spall explode when rapidly heated.
807633I've considered starting myself and posting on cl etc with ads that if you bring me a foam mold i'll cast it for you. with the usual proviso's of detail gets fucked up, small channels will clog and ruin the mold, etc.I'm sure there's diyers in the area that would love to be able to safely carve their dnd character or religious medallion or whatev out of cheap foam and have you cast it for them.lost foam casting is awesome btw.
Is it possible to get a charcoal forge hot enough to smelt brass? I've been thinking about making one like King of Random's but with silica forge bricks lining the inside.
803085Hey there fellow smelter. Im building one myself aswel.Im just using coal and air to heat it.My first project was too wide and lost too much heat.Im now building an improved version. Im using more but smaller air tubes and connect a compressor to it. Ive welded a 3" pipe to throw the aluminium in. Ill get some pictures when im back home.The thing i have problems with is to get the shit out the pure aluminium.I think its the heating, as it gets sold very fast. So after 2.0 is finished, ill try again.
813813This was me. Ive read all posts now, and looking into those titles to read and channels to watch. I know about the dangers. Also, im stupid for posting without reading. Thanks for helping me already.
811634Or learning the way of the wootz which is what is my next level. I am now just fake-damascus pleb forge welding bicycle chains together and shit.
813845Isn't that bollocks though? You wind up with an Ingot of shitty steel you still have to forge, and you'll probably have to smash your crucible apart to get that.
813751I made one out of 2 big truck brake drums, one as the bottom and of course the other as the top. Used coal and a bathroom fan and easily melted brass. Also made knives from steel leaf springs and railroad ties.
813855Its a fucking holy grail.And yes forging the puck is long and pretty difficult and you have powder steels with better properties nowadays. But it is more about the achievement and dem dendritic structures.If I amange to make wootz knife I will know that I am slowly becoming somewhat skilled
My melter. I have used it for aluminium and brass so far.
Pick is taken during nigth. Writing whith a phone so sorry for the shitty spelling.I use charcole for fule. And hairdryer for air. Outer casing is 10L paint bucket. Inner is 3L . Isolation is expanded clay afregate. Crusiable is small fire extinguigager. The two paint lids are also used. Two bricks on top of the large one.
813872Yeah, I somehow went super Plebian and forgot what it looks like.I now feel that forging Wootz Steel would be a productive use of ones time.
805422I'm dumb why should I not smelt/melt over concrete ?
813972it contains water. Spilling molten metal will cause it to crack+evaporate - basically a mini explosion just powerful enough to spray molten metal around
814208That's a pretty good reason.
Thanks to those of you who have pointed out more information, I am still looking at making a small forge set to get back into making Knives and casting some small objects  used to work with a friends forge setup years agoand I feel like I have forgotten too much the eventual goals to be able to make some Damascus knives, and cast some orachalum spelling.
812409I assumed OP would be of american, english-speaking origin, given the use of "aluminum" over the more prevalent "aluminium"I still get a sensible chuckly when old farts argue about that spelling and pronunciation. My old chem teacher. used to shout "ALUMINIUM" in the face of a british exchange kid in our class, just to watch him get all defensive.As a general question, has anyone here tried melting down cracked engine blocks? I've heard honda lawnmower engines melt fairly easily and produce fairly detailed results. The mexicans around where I live usually pick all the broken gear off the side of the road, but if I get there first, I might scrap one the lawnmower, i mean.
815610As a general question, has anyone here tried melting down cracked engine blocks?YesI've heard honda lawnmower engines melt fairly easily and produce fairly detailed resultsYou've heard correct. They are made via a sand casting process after all. Just make sure you can't use the motor for something else. Being hacked up for its Aluminium and Copper is a sad end for any motor.
holy shit this thread is still alive? can anybody recommend me a decent and inexpensive setup for lost wax casting silver?
815624Oxy-Acetylene Torch, or Oxy-Propane, or just Acetylene.Kiln And a centrifugeIt helps to be able to make silicone moulds for making wax patterns as well. Also a vaccum pump comes in handy for degassing Investment Plaster.
815627the torch itself wont cause any irregularities or other issues for melting it down assuming a crucible with casting grain?
815634No. Just make sure to glaze your crucible before using it - stops metal getting stuck in the grain. Heat crucible until cherry redadd Boraxleave ten minutesadd metal hit it with torch. You can use an electric furnace instead of a torch, but I don't really know much about that. This link is pretty usefulhttp://www.myheap.com/casting-molding/my-heap-mold-book/chapter-10-steam-casting/steam-casting-lessons.html?showall=1&limitstart=
810368It wouldn't surprise me if this is the work around for copper theives. I just wonder what scrutiny the crack heads receive by walking in with a crude ingot they found. If so I hope they get a squirt of molten metal in their eye firstly.
815680Scrap metal theft happens at organisational levels in the UK mang. Its pretty much part of the culture of the employees at all levels within the power network.
815680Thieves don't bother melting the metal as the energy isn't worth it vs selling to a buyer who can legally pass it on.People INSIST on posting metalworking questions on /diy/ because they bitterly, savagely, psychotically resent using a search engine and they are convinced that one thread can make them into an informed hobbyist. It's a cognitive thing, EXACTLY like people who are sure they can learn to effectively use a personal computer or smartphone with ZERO prior practice.Dear motherfuckers, there are many superb metalworking forums of all sorts on the internet. Use them. NOW, and gtfo this thread for your own benefit if you want to learn.If you don't want to learn that makes you shit, go die.
815757INSISTEXACTLYZERONOWThat sums up your shit post.
815792It's a post by an anon with enough sensibility to make the effort to construct several coherent sentences containing several good points that should be absorbed. Unlike your post. Obviously won't be heeded by you. Gud luk wid dat.
815699pitiful. happens here in US too. Obvious knowledge of steps needed to do it. pitiful. good thing it hasn't happened that much. It's rewarding when somebody gets fried doing it. This thing is probably interesting to jewelry thieves and their fences too. Cheers to a shot in their eye too.
Can someone recommend a good, easily obtainable flux for aluminum? Table salt and potassium chloride is supposedly the best, but bulk KCl is kinda expensive and I'm willing to sacrifice quality for cost and ease of acquisition.
815757forums are goldmines.
809576Get a good pool of molten aluminium and push the cans under the surface, you'll get very little oxidation that way. That being said cans are almost pure aluminum and not great for casting.
Super noob wishful hobbyist blacksmith here. Would a homemade smelter be able to double as a blast furnace/ forge?
818215I don't think you know what a blast furnace is
I was planning on building thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHD10DjxM1gtomorrow or the day after to give me something to do
818215Super noob wishful hobbyist blacksmith here. Would a homemade smelter be able to double as a blast furnace/ forge?Everything you just said is wrong.Absolutely everything.Do yourself a favor and just stop.Go to a second hand bookstore and start finding old books written in the 30's, 40's, and 50's about blacksmithing. They will be hard to find but they are there. Start reading. Do this for about 2 years. The next step is important.Never come back here.This place is a cesspit of misinformation.
803085What easily obtainable material do you recommend?Plaster of Paris, Sand, Bendonite Clay buy the cheapest bag of cat litter you can find. usually advertised as "all natural", and a little sifted wood ash.Or just go to ebay and buy a few square feet of Kaowool that's used in industrial furnaces.
Hey /diy/. My weekend protect will be to make some 4 to be exact weight discs for dumbbells out of concrete.There are several tutorials online, but they're for larger, barbell discs and I want to practice by making smaller ones for dumbbells first.Anyway, I'm planning to use an empty Quaker oats box and a PVC pipe as a mold, also I'll be using 3 discs of some material cardboard? to separate the mold into 4 sections so hopefully the whole thing won't end up all fused together and I can get 4 separated concrete discs without having to cut the cement with a grinder.So, my questions are:How reasonable is this?How can I make the concrete as hard/dense as possible? Will cardboard be enough to separate the sections?Once finished, do you think I should cover them with something? I was thinking of just spray painting them if anything.
Concrete has only ~2500kg/m^3 density, 1/3 that of iron. Dense natural stone is ~3000kg/m^3.You can replace crushed stone with bits of scrap iron though.But i would rather find some lead and poured it into tin cans, then probably dip in epoxy.
Buy lead. Is not really that expensive, and you can melt it with an average oven. I did. You could cover it with some kind of plastic once you are done, to avoid lead poisoning, if you are really concerned.
818049The tube of oats is very narrow, you'll only get very small weights. Don't try and separate it, pour only one section at a time.Spray it with Plasti Dip.
818090you can melt it with an average ovenGuess my oven is below average.
818090Do not melt lead in anything you plan to cook food in. It's worth being safety paranoid here.Anyway, concrete is dirt cheap, much better for a weekend project. An old wok or frying pan would make a pretty ace mould. Or one of those dishes that go under plant pots.Make one at a time, you'll probably do something wrong the first time, that's how we learn.Concrete is heavy enough, and you'll feel badass curling giant concrete discs.
drop them once and they will break.just go to some yardsale and you will find some cheap weights
818305drop them once and they will break.thisconcrete is not really strong when you knock it about
818049Thats as detroid as it gets
818306could mix in loose glass fiber... but at that point it's probably more expensive than just buying some weights at a garage sale
You could ask car workshops and the like to buy worn out break discs on the cheap.
818049I'll start out by stating the obvious, that you could buy those cheap plastic-covered plates and 1" barbells / dumbell shafts for nearly nothing. I got a set free in college. But, moving on. As pointed out, scrap iron/steel in convinient circular shapes would be easier. Brake drums, etc. For what you're doing, I'd find those plastic margarine tubs and fill the whole thing with concrete. Remember that a 1 gallon milk jug weights ~15lbs... really no point in casting a dumbell smaller than something you should be able to pick up easily. You could paint the concrete... would make them more interesting I suppose.
818402Also, rather than casting as removable sets, I'd cast complete dumbells. Cast one side and insert 1" black pipe that I assume you're using. Once dry, flip over and do other side.
818049As others have said, I'd cast the discs separately. If you're determined to do them at once and split later, add armature or they can break during tearing apart. Actually I'd try to find mould that doesn't have to be removed - even more, scratch the cement side of PVC and e.g. plastic bottle and just cut the excess off. This would give you some free finish. Pic. related.Think about controlling the final weight - either add in extra material, so you can drill away excess to make them all even. Alternatively you could include holes in mould where you can seal in some extra weight to balance them.Any nice finish will cost similar to complete weights e.g. epoxy coat for concrete floors, so use what is cheapest.Sometimes concrete is covered with Sodium Silicate, to give it smoother finish and extra surface strength. It's not expensive and might reinforce it against chipping.
818311concrete is a mix of aggregates and binders. Add epoxy to said crete' and enjoy the wonders of plasticized concrete. Will probable outlast your family name if done right, especially if laced with non-rusting metals.
818209My oven is a Fridgidare from 2001 and it goes to 650F.
818402Gallon of milk15 poundsUmmm, like on Jupiter or something? Cause it sure as fuck don't weigh that on earth....
8187758.3 lbs for gallon of water. So, yeah, off by a factor of 2.
I have a bunch of rock beds in front of my house that are always growing weeds. I don't want anything to grow in them, can I just sow salt into the soil to stop them growing? Will that work?
817580AFAIK salt won't kill everything might kill some plantsPlus, a few rainy days later you're back to square oneThe only permanent solutions is:take out all plants as much as you canlay a plastic sheetput some big rocks at least in the corners to hold the sheet downcover everything with small rocks/rubble/sand
817580Weeds will not grow back for years if you apply it thoroughly.
817584Plus, a few rainy days later you're back to square oneI live in northern California where it rains less than the Sahara desert.
817580Vinegar or boiling water. Both eradicate. Just pour it on heavily. This is what grass looks like only 4 hours after vinegar sprinkled on them from a watering can.
817599What dilution do you use if any?
817644No dilution by me. I did notice recently that the vinegar is now 5% when before it was 10% and I've not been able to find 10% since. Oh and the price went up. Like some crime boss is hoarding vinegar or something. Use 10% if you can find it.
817588This anon knows. I used to have a house surrounded by gravel. Every spring I'd spray the ground clear and wait about a week until everything was nice and crispy dead. I'd then follow up with pic related to clean up the gravel and wash the ash down with water.
817580817584OP, plastic is fine if you want no rain to soak in. If you have any bushes or whatever that you want watered, there is this kind of ground fabric that stops weeds but lets water in. Also with plastic make sure is is sloped away from the house for obvious reasons.
If you were going to make something to move a lot of weight across grass/dirt without any assistance from a motor or engine, what would it be?Pic related, off road pallet jack.
818102ice
Roll it on logs.
Ice and sledge.
818102ice and logs
818102818102Slaves.
818138Slaves are hardly DIY...
1200 pound capacity
818102move a lot of weight across grass/dirt without any assistance from a motor or engineCommercial airliners are 'a lot of weight' but a pallet jack won't do jack for moving one across grass/dirt'WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TRYING TO MOVE?
818144if you catch them yourself they are .
818172WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TRYING TO MOVE?My money is on 1/3 ton of imitation crab meat...
818102these guys
"A lot of weight" could conceivably be anything from 100 pounds to 100 million. What are you actually moving?
818184topkek
818102Something on large diameter wheels so weight from dat point loading on your soft surface does not bog you into the ground.I'd be looking for old cable drums to pull the ends off.
818199818184818172Let's say 3500 lbs.
8183403500 lbs.Dear god, that's a lot of imitation crabmeat
Ice logs and slaves, just make sure they don't eat the imitation crabmeat.
818342It's not bad, I just bought too much.
818360Two words: cookout.
818361You can have some if you come over...
818362Any strippers?
818364Just you and me. I was hoping we could jerk off while you stomp around my model train set don't break anything. No touching, I'm not gay.
818102If you're really poor a sheet of tarp might work on grass. Depends on the load. For large objects you'd need a sled.
818496Shouldn't there be a mechanical way to move it? I dunno, like put it all on a small trailer and pull it with something. Maybe something with pedals that was geared like ridiculously low.
818532How about some mules?
818542Mules are a great way, but then you actually have to have the room to keep them.
818544Book a donkey show, when they arrive, just pay em to move your shit. Offer cake to Kelly and the sexy stud as payment
818102Huh. I'm surprised no one has said this. Sled/sledge and winch. If you can break it down into smaller chunks, wheelbarrows.
818618Huh. I'm surprised no one has said this. Sled/sledge and winch818496For large objects you'd need a sled.
818532Well I guess I'd build some sort of offroad pedal-powered cart that ran on giant flywheel magic.Don't think we've forgotten about you...
PVC Pipe OP, for example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT0GCx0n-X4
818623I meant no one has suggested a winch. I saw the sled/diy tarp sled.
818938winches can't do shit when it comes to heavy liftingthey be like all talk and shit...
818102
Has anyone used ICF to build their own house?Recommendations? Good resources?
Watch This Old House
I've seen Hometime do a foundation and TOH do an addition with ICF.I'm not talking about having the pros do it with their concrete pumpers. I'm wondering about DIY.
816546816548I looked into it. It is diy possible, but you want to leave pouring the concrete to the pros. Setting up the forms is no problem, and digging the foundation can be done with enough time or the right equipment.
I, personally, would stay away from using ICFs for building an entire house. It is acceptable for places like the foundation since generally things in the foundation will not be modified. However, if you are considering building the entire house from ICFs then you run into some pretty serious problems very quickly. Since everything inside becomes encased in concrete there is no easily/possible way to modify your walls, like adding plumbing or running new cables of any kind. You could run things through the foam, but now you have to cut an entire path for your additions- not fun!
816546See this postLearn about ICFI am now one step closer to my home made bomb shelterSeriously, it is my life goal to dig out a section of my back yard and make a small bomb shelter.Not fully underground, mind you, but sunk in. That way ventilation is easier.
816546I seem to recall arxx had some video tutorial that you could watch and get a cert from them or something like that. Pretty cool stuff, just make sure if you do a full house to leave channels in walls for cable/plumbing access.
816546I want to build a home out of sandstone blocks - will i encounter the same problems re. Plumbing and electricity? How do they do it in older stone buildings? Is there a way around this?
816815Leave room in the walls for expansion, have pipes with plenty of additional room for running additional power,data,water,etc cabling. The problem with sandstone blocks is they are not very sturdy or long lasting if natural. If they're unnatural, man made with materials like epoxy and cement, they'll last. Otherwise you are looking at possible wear and tear of various parts of your house from wind/rain/snow/ice.Plan ahead at least 30-50 yrs. Look at the last 30-50 yrs to get an idea of where things are going for infrastructure needs.
816803Make sure you get a permit.
816803congrats, your life's dream can be done in a weekendfigure out how to make concrete forms and you can probably make a pretty good bunker
816546dat compression doe
816561the concrete pour is the easiest part it takes skills to build forms efficiently concrete is extremely heavy pic related I know what im talking about this is how you build a floor
816871Cheers. So you are suggesting a double brick wall with a cavity in the middle? i didn't consider the problems of natural sandstone so that's something else to work on. I suppose manmade is a better option
816790Eurofag here. Never had a problem with leakage inside a wall or floor. Cables are a bitch thou.816561This. anything load bearing should be use by someone certified. Or at least knowing what he's doing.816815Pic related.Or think in advance and do it like this anon suggest.816871Drainage pipes might be good idea.816887It is impressive on bigger scale for sure.
Homes in switzerland are often made from concrete. I'm sure you can figure something out. I would get on Google and see if there is a swiss club in your area. Send them an email and ask. They're often quite friendly, and enjoy talking about their home land
I have built whole houses with ICF. Ranch and two story, basement to gables. I would never build wood frame again. I even used ICF for a detached garage. See the other thread on concrete construction It's the only pic on my tablet and I can't post it again
816790Nope. We've cut window and door openings in existing ICF buildings with a diamond chainsaw. It's a different way of building for sure but nothing is impossible. Whole ICF houses are so air tight a heat recovery ventilator is a must.
One summer we did an ICF basement for a modular home in one day. Poured footer at first light with fast cure concrete. Slagged footer and pinned, started stacking block around noon. Rectangle and four windows. Braced and ready for pour around five. Done and cleaned up by seven. Braces could'nt come down for a few days but basically a one day basement.
816790We never put plumbing or elctrical in the concrete portion of the wall. Only in the 2-1/2 styrofoam inner layer. The only thing in the concrete are rebar or pass throughs for sewer, gas, electric and water.
818901Actually, adding windows and doors is in one way easier. won't need a header.
just join the party and start stabbing people no one will fuck with you then because of fear of stabbing
818899Here's the detached garage I built DIY with ICF. Only used beer buddy labor on the project.
As summer is here and it was a bit warm yesterday, I kicked-on the A/C for the first time this season and as has happened a few times in the past, it wasn't cooling.The A/C system has a pin-hole leak somewhere and every 2-3 summers, I have to get it recharged with refrigerant.Now in the past, this wasn't an issue, as my next-door neighbor worked for the local municipal gas company and he'd recharge the system for free, but he moved away and I had to call a local heating-cooling company to get it fixed.The gal said it would be $90-some for the visit, $70-some for the first pound of refrigerant and $60-some for each pound thereafter.My question is; how many lbs of refrigerant are were talking about here and what's this going to cost me?The condenser is "Performance Plus" brand which I've never heard of and I seem to remember my old next-door neighbor saying it was a 2.5 ton unit?
817431going to cost you out the butt. Unit will hold roughly 6-10 pounds of R-22, which has shot through the roof.Been making bank the last three years off R-22, not like the old days, when a 30 pound jug was 70 bucks and I was selling it for 55 bucks a pound. Now it is 300~ bucks for a 30 pound jug and I am getting 75 bucks a pound for it.
817480would you recommend as a replacement a Goodman GPH1436H413 Ton, 14 SEER Self-Contained Packaged Heat Pump, Dedicated HorizontalOr Goodman GPH1536M413 Ton, 15 SEER Self-Contained Packaged Heat Pump, R-410A Refrigerant?? both are R410
817480going to cost you out the butt.Yeah, that's what I thought...What kinda bill would I be looking at for having the leak found and fixed?
817507817507Have them inject UV dye into system and let it run for a couple of days then come back and find the leak using UV flashlight.But really, economically speaking, changing unit to a 410 unit would be best. Costly though, but increased efficiency and decreased repair costs most units come with 10 year parts warranty makes the better option.Can't speak prices as I have no idea what the HVAC companies charge in your area.
817519Have them inject UV dye into system and let it run for a couple of days then come back and find the leak using UV flashlight.Ahh, now that sounds like a good idea.Is there an industry specific term for this?
817567Pretty much so. If the fucker doesn't know what UV dye is for leak checking, he ain't got no business working on your equipment.
817519817567817716I use a sniffer and pic related
817431817507817567OP here and I just got the AC recharged, for $356 which brings me to the issue of;Why is the maintenance / repair industry full of scammers?AC guy shows up, I explain the issue no cold, pin hole leak somewhere, shit leaks out after 2-3 years and he checks the condenser and says there is no refrigerant in there.ME: "Yeah, so run some UV dye into the system and recharge it, so I can possibly locate the leak".AC GUY: "Oh... umm well, that won't help."ME: "Sure it will, if I can located the leak I can get it fixed by you guys."AC GUY: "Umm... see, we can't just fix the leak, we'd have to replace the whole AC system."ME: "Nonsense, run some UV dye into there and recharge it."AC GUY: "Well.... I got'a call my boss about that."10 mins laterAC GUY: "Yeah, the boss said UV dye is never used and if so, we don't have it and it costs $100+ in addition to additional labor."ME: "Bullshit."AC GUY: "Umm... You really ought to replace the entire AC system, as it's pretty old."AC system is 15-some years oldME: "No, just recharge it and fuck off."In the event I do have repair the system or even replace it, I _sure as fuck_ won't be going to those guys, who now just lost out on a bunch more money because they're fucking scammers.
817965Total bullshitThe industry is full of that type of shit because it works on the average idiot homeowner.If they tried that on a commercial property, they'd promptly be told to fuck off, and how far. But commercial properties have building maintenance people who aren't typically complete fucking morons.When a furnace ate shit on a rental property of mine, they tried to pull the same type of crap on me, thinking I was a typical idiot homeowner. I calmly explained that he needed to fuck off immediately, and that he and his company were going to get bad referrals to all the friends, family and fellow property owners that I know in the region. He tried to backpedal, but I sent him packing.The next guy in line got a $100 tip from me for explaining the issue like a professional, and a few referrals.
After a pro failed to find the leak on one of my trucks a very slow seepage so I'm not pissed off at him I bought a new vacuum pump, a set of cheap guages a Bourdon tube isn't exotic, a jug of refrigerant via Ebay, and put the nitrogen cylinder and regulator I already had from a Craigslist buy to use. Too bad I'd swapped it for an argon for portable TIG work but argon is more inert than nitrogen hence fine for pressurizing HVAC systems and happens to be what you purge aluminum with if you TIG it.Read HVAC forums including one poster who said he'd rather "make a leak than chase one" and put 300 psi to my truck with some dye. Found leak, replaced seal, then checked and charged my other truck and a bros car. I get to keep the equipment which paid for itself in two jobs. This thread was a nice insight into R-22 values. I have a large industrial cylinder that's partially full and may swap it to my HVAC bro and weed supplier for some smoke. BTW I bought the Fluke UV light because the cheapo versions in auto stores suck. A good value I think.Heard about Red Angel sealer on an HVAC forum where it was recommended for use on old systems.Any opinions? I didn't get back to the last thread where I asked about it.
817965THIS. IS. WHY. I. DIY.Motherducckers think everyone else is also a moron.A/C guys who do not REPAIR leaks, Automechanics who do not actually FIX issues. Esp. Automatic transmission guys. You know and I know individual parts can be replaced/repaired. They rather install a whole different refurb than replace the damn pump or bands. God forbid them fuckers actually REPAIR anything rather than replace.
817969Total bullshitIndeed, they're still making $350 for the recharge service call, plus a few more bucks for the UV dye I see it's $7 a bottle on Amazon and assuming I could even locate the leak, they'd make $X doing the repair.Why NOT fucking do it?!Why risk pissing off a customer, who then won't call you again for any other service issue and will talk shit about your company to friends and neighbors?817989THIS. IS. WHY. I. DIY.That's fine, but I don't know WTF I'm doing nor do I have the necessary gear.The AC Guy suggested he could use a "sniffer" gadget to locate the leak, but then said it would probably take him 2-3 hours at $90 per hour....Also, as I was going 'round with the guy, I said something like;ME: "If the leak is here in the compressor and can't be fixed, you guys could then install a new compressor."AC GUY: "Oh we can't swap out the compressor, the entire AC system would have to be replaced."
817994ME: "If the leak is here in the compressor and can't be fixed, you guys could then install a new compressor."AC GUY: "Oh we can't swap out the compressor, the entire AC system would have to be replaced."He could be right in that they don't have any replacement parts for a system that old.
817994It's bullshit, and you are kind of between a rock and a hard place when you cannot really diy something. Like, when refrigerators go bad - it almost always is an electrical issue or a leak. When its a leak the repair guy REPAIRS the leak. They do not go and say "oh, the whole compressor and lines and shit need to be replaced on this side-by-side fridge". They know that you as a customer would rather buy a whole new refrigerator rather than having him swap out the compressor. They REPAIR the leak because its in their best interest to charge for the job less than what the fridge its worth. A/C systems are functionally the same in cars/ fridges and homes. Scammers gonna scam. gotta keep up with those truck payments... I have seen monkeys fix A/C systems in apartment buildings. Maybe you can approach an Apartment building / trailer park maintenance guy and offer him a little side job to repair your system on an evening after work?
818006you know, actually you might want to call Old-Pops the appliance repair guy and ask if he fixes refrigerators. If he says yes, then most likely he has the tools to fix your home A/C. Tell him you are tired of being jerked off by the pros and you would like him to locate and repair a leak on your system. Certainly, do not pay him appliance rate, pay home A/C rate for his trouble.
817994That's fine, but I don't know WTF I'm doing nor do I have the necessary gear.Oldfag here who found out that with determined study and seeking advice from those more skilled than I while being able to sort out the bullshitters there are few barriers not easily overcome once you understand basic mechanical, electrical, and other theory as appropriate.When I pay others, I watch them, but I don't have to do that very often. I'm not a genius but I do all my automotive work except alignments getting a rack isn't cost-effective, tire mounting and balancing ditto and machining ditto again tho machine shop work is large fun. Determination pays. You can end up with a shitload of quality equipment, learn to use it in synergy with other equipment, and get to where you promptly sort out almost anything from home to vehicles to PCs or anything else you feel like tackling. Labor is so expensive you can comfortably afford to damage a few things while learning any tech or mechanic or machinist who says he never made a mistake is lying. Sometimes shit happens. I cut down a tree a few days ago which was nothing new, but when it twisted a branch hit my power cable and bent the mast going to my meter box. I called the power co. to disconnect, then removed the damaged mast and pinched entrance cable inside it, drove down the street to an electrical supply house and bought replacement parts. They are neatly awaiting electricianbro who does side work to do about a half-hour labor then call the inspector.I still saved bux over paying a contractor to remove the tree and that motherfucker won't be around to collect ice this winter and fuck my roof up by dropping a lot more weight on it. I take that shit in stride because it's not common. DIY let me buy and renovate three houses, pay off my mortgages early, and slashes my personal overhead to little more than insurance/food/utilities/taxes.
817431Spray soapy water on it while full, locate leaks from bubbles, mark it, and jb weld that if directions indicate it can work in that cold.
818002replacement partsIn that scenario, leaking condenser it would be replacing the entire condenser.Why would this also include a new coil on the furnace down in the basement, etc.?for a system that old.It's 15-16 years old. "I need a new water pump on my car." "Sorry, you're going to have to replace the entire engine."
818022Spray soapy water on it while full, locate leaks from bubblesDid that with the neighbor several years back the 1st time this happened and we couldn't find shit.
817431I had an outdoor condenser unit fail a couple years back. it turned out that the motor coils shorted out, so the outdoor unit was the only thing that needed to be replaced. my house is 1250 sq ft and the unit cost around $1500 installed. I think he said the condenser alone cost around $1200the repair guy also checked the coils in the inside unit, because he said that's the most common source of leaks. the water condensate corrodes through those coils. he said it would have cost around $500 more if they needed to be replaced, but he did not say how much of that was parts or laborthe FIRST thing he tried was putting some new start and run capacitors on the outdoor condenser unit's motor. he said those go bad a lot and only cost a few dollars to replace. when it still wouldn't run he took the enclosure halfway apart and hooked up a thing that could tell you if the motor coils were still okay, and they weren't. You can't just replace the motor because of the way the things are built "inside" themselvesthis guy was the son of the local town AC repair guy who has known my family for 50+ years, so I doubt I got shafted. he the son won't even accept new clients anymore because when his dad retired a couple years back there was already too many people calling him.
818676the repair guy also checked the coils in the inside unitIf the AC guy would have done the UV dye test, my concern was that the problem would be with the coils, as that would have been a bigger hassle, as the seams of the coil enclosure on top my furnace are sealed with some kinda silicone putty, in addition to screws, so I'd have cut all that shit off if I wanted to open it up.
818785Old unit is probably R-22, so if you replace condenser, you will have to replace indoor coil and line set.Far as the "replace" mentality, when a unit gets 15 years old, it is usually a good idea to change the system out, because of the chance something else is going to break. Units are designed with roughly 12 year expected lifespans. Plus a new unit will use a cheaper refrigerant, and be more energy efficient.UV dye is used frequently in the field. Fluke UV light, with the laser pointer and LED flashlight? Excellent tool at a decent price point.
818860if you replace condenser, you will have to replace indoor coil and line set.Dry charged condenser units are readily available for retro-fitting to R-22 systems.They have R-22 compatible oil and dry nitrogen charge to keep the unit moisture free during shipment and storage.
818863And they use R-22 which is only going to get more expensive as time goes by and there is no increase energy efficiency if you use a dry charge. Plus the amount most companies charge to install one is going to be prohibitive, especially figuring 7-10 pounds of R-22.
817965As an HVAC tech I've never used dye once.I would've cranked nitrogen into it at 400 psi and found the leakBut there's a chance of the leak reopening, so depending on the age of your unit it is a better investment just to get the coil replaced.
818870You said:so if you replace condenser, you will have to replace indoor coil and line set.No matter the price of R-22, that's still wrong.You don't HAVE to. It may be wise to or may not, depending on your situation but isn't a have to.
818887You are incompetent then. Post the procedure you describe in any of the NATE literature.818898If you replace the condenser with a new R-410 unit, you will have to replace line set and evaporator, if existing one is R-22 unit.
818902If you replace the condenser with a new R-410 unitIf frogs had wings they wouldn't have to hop.Changing the parameters doesn't correct the wrong first statement.If you don't replace it with a R-410A unit, you don't have to make other changes.
818913Well, since you want to be an ass, his old unit, is 15 years old which makes it probably 8-10 SEER. Hook that up to a modern dry charge, which is going to be 13-14 SEER. And keep old line set and evaporator. And in about 6 months, look at blown compressor due to refrigerant starving and lack of oil return, due to lines and coil being too small to allow proper flow. See fucktard, I really don't feel the need to discharge 20 years of experience into each post by explaining every detail. I simply post it will work, it won't work, or do this.Oh,and blown compressor will have no warranty due to mismatched evaporator and line set being too small.
818921See fucktard,So you're now reduced to name-calling because you can't admit you were wrong.I put 13 SEER condensers on 10 SEER evaporators frequently. None have failed in the ten years I've been doing this.I would know if they failed because they are part of the forty-five systems I maintain. Fortunately for the owner, I'm not as smart as you and just did it because that's what he wanted.
818925Watch out, we've got apartment maintenance over here.
817965the guy is completely wrong and right. You can find the leak but he's right 15 years old is almost time bud your unit is 80 years old in human years.
I don't understand why people have AC systems if they don't want to pay out the ass for it. That's what AC is, rich people throwing money out the window to say they're better than the rest of us. There's no need for AC systems unless you live in a mansion.
818902Rude tbhI've fixed hundreds of leaks and never once have I needed to use UV dye.I haven't had to learn about it for any of my licenses or certifications either. Are you from the US?
818945or you live in texas.AUSTIN MABRY HAD 90 100 DEGREE DAYS in 2011
818948yes or that
818948Or anywhere in the great plains.
818022Only works if you've got a substantial leak.
817480PROTIPIt cost out the ass because of taxes. You can get it in south america for $1 a lb, and they don't mind dumping it into the ozone for fun.
818921818913Now kiss!
Inspired by a different anon, and I've taken a different path than he intended to.To save time and effort I ended up using HD44780s. In that I bought a bunch of them wholesale and removed the LCDs so I can just use the backlight modules as segments.They arrived yesterday so today I got all of the machining done. The backplate is 1/4" thick PVC. The HD4480 segments are mounted using female-female standoffsThe colon is simply two white LEDs in holders on a central subplate.
The faceplate is sanded polycarbonate mounted using "sidewalk bolts" and spacers. Two 16mm pushbuttons are used to set the time.Everything is driven by and powered from an Arduino Uno.The process of wiring everything starts tomorrow.
814864just seems like a massive waste to me sorry ophow much were the lcds?
Are you using transistors for the switching?I'm new to this forgive me
814873how much were the lcds?$1.75 shipped each.Couldn't find a better price for buying just the LEDs with light guide plates.814875Are you using transistors for the switching?The Arduino has enough pinouts to drive 4 7-segment displays. You just wire the backlights so that each digit shares a common anode.The Arduino at any given point in time is only powering one segment. But it sequences between them so quickly that you can't see the refresh rate.
814879So you don't need an alternative power source?And can you post the code that would be awesome.
814884So you don't need an alternative power source?Nope. The HD44780s have power regulation for the backlight so the 5V coming from the Arduino is all you need to drive the "segments".And can you post the code that would be awesome.Will post that tomorrow with pics of the wiring.
814888Nope. The HD44780s have power regulation for the backlight so the 5V coming from the Arduino is all you need to drive the "segments".And as an aside most HD44780s have available connections for the anode and cathode of the backlight so if you find that the voltage from the Arduino is too low to get the full brightness of the backlight you can just solder the required resistor there and power the LED without using the normal pinout of the HD44780s.
814890Please elaborate
814864I dont understand , to me seems too expensive and toilful
814879$1.75 eachman i really want to hate this but thats not too bad actually.I would say you should have used frosted acrylic pieces and edge-lit them with leds but for all the faffing around i think you made a good choice.
814906You can supply 5V to the backlight through pins 15 and 16 on the board. Arduinos don't always output a full 5 volts though.Or you can supply a lower voltage through a resistor directly to the LED.Whichever gets you the highest brightness. I'll be wiring the first clock up to pins 15 and 16 because it's simplistic.
814910I dont understand , to me seems too expensive The alternative would have been cheaper howeverand toilfulThe alternative would have required making 28 individual lens segments from scratch. Which either involved a ton of time spent machining, or investing in some die-cutting tools $80 to punch parts out of plastic sheet.
814935I decided to use hd44780 backlights because it wasn't much more in cost, but saved a huge amount of effort. The light guide plates, reflectors, and diffusers included in the backlights give a way more even light output than I could manage with an alternate method.
814937Nice project.I once saw a similar clocl that used frosted glass as a screen and CD drives for each segment of the display. The ejected CD drive front plate was the segment and was really only visible through the glass when ejected.Awesome and big!
$1.75 eachWell damn.
814864ArduinoDropped.
814864Hey OP,You really want to make this something special? Use a high-accuracy, low-PPM TCXO Temperature Compensated Xtal Oscillator as the timebase for this clock. You'll literally have to set it only once a year or so and only have to correct the time by a few seconds.
It looks stupid and a waste but honestly I can't find fault with it after you posted the cost. For a single unit that's not a bad decision. Good on ya, OP I've been following this build now and then when it gets posted. Looks like you're making decent progress.
Cool project OP. Thanks for letting me know LCDs like those can be so cheap, it opens up some possibilities for my own projects.
814864using a whole arduinonot burning the bootloader onto 50 cent atmel chip, ripping a crystal out of a dead printer, and wiring an LM317Why. Why would you do that.I mean it's awesome that you made something. That just lacks so much elegance.
815113If accuracy is what you want, a gps receiver or one of those time signal receivers would provide even better results. They aren't even that expensive anymore.815165Cheaper, sure, but I don't really see how that would be much more elegant. Particularly if the software is still Arduino software.
815100815113815165Yeah yeah, I know. Arduino is Babby's first circuit and all that. There are tons of ways to go about making a driver for a clock. We have Arduinos left over at work from a handful of gas sensor projects so they're being used because we didn't have to pay for them.Here are some other 7-segment display clock links I collected.24" tall digits, GPS receiver, poystyrene foam, 12v light bars, http://www.embedded.com/print/44055678-inch tall 7-segment display, 10.8v 2.5ma $8.90 http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/7-Segment-Display-8-Inches-Red-p-1194.html
814884Here's the program. Save as .ino obviouslyhttp://pastebin.com/8WuBTBwvWiring is underway.
815187gps receiverNow it has to get a signal lock, and you have to write a shit-ton of code to support it.. and you STILL have to have a local timebase to run the clock, with GPS time just to reset it periodically. Or you can use a very accurate, very low-drift oscillator, and set it once a YEAR for a fraction of the cost. Besides which if you're going to go there then why not just use WWVB time signals from the 60kHz receiver designed for them and reset the clock once a day at 2:00am? Still more expensive than a high accuracy low drift oscillator, and requires more code to interface anyway. Sorry, I like my idea better still.
815394..or for that matter, if you want to go so far as GPS, then why not interface via 802.11 to the Internet, and get your time-sync from time-a.nist.gov, and have your gigantic clock be a 2nd-Stratum time display?
We didn't get as much wiring done today as we had hoped because we're low on wire. Two 100ft spools will be in tomorrow and we can get one or both wired up for testing.815394You can use whatever method you want to build a much more accurate clock than what I've made. It's largely unimportant what you use, and some solutions are much more elegant, and much more scalable.I'm simply sharing my approach to building a large segment display for whatever purpose that's fairly cost effective, isn't time consuming, isn't difficult to build, and is very power efficient.In a couple months I might be interested in making an even larger one for the warehouse at work.
Why not leave the LCDs assembled?I can actually imagine a 7 segment display made with working LCD panels to be novel in its own way, you could probably do something pretty cool.
815394815396getting this defensive over clock timebaseDude, take the chill pill.
815571Dude, take the chill pill.What, you can't have a discussion about a technical subject and make your case without being 'defensive' in your estimation? Sounds like you're the one with the problem, not me.
815468*shrug* enjoy your pleb-tier giant clock that doesn't keep very good time. Nothing more annoying. What a shame, you could have made something truly special, but you're going to cheap out on it.
815587Dude just take it and chill out Mann.Loike this is the internet, where nobody cares mann.
815587needs two posts to defend his favorite timebase against the ones offering superior timekeepingthinks it's important to insult OP for not using his favorite timebaseYeah, calm down, dude.TCXO is a compromise among the others and different people like different compromises. Considering how much time and money OP has already spent on his clock, a GPS module or a DCF77 receiver or the US variant wouldn't have that much effect on the total price. Time spent on programming is dependent on OP's skills, so your "shit-ton of code" might or might not be relevant. The GPS modules are small to begin with and considering the size of OP's clock, a time signal receiver with its largish antenna wouldn't be a problem either.Not that this matters, as OP has already decided his timebase.
815588Wow, what an asshole.
815535Why not leave the LCDs assembled?Only because I didn't want blue digits. There was really no other reason to remove the LCD glass. My coworker eventually wants green. So he'll be adding tinting film at some point in time.I'm currently contemplating cutting half the polarizing film off of the glass and putting them back on the segments so I can get more display contrast between on and off without the output being blue. Otherwise I'll just scalp polarizing film off of some dead LCD monitors.815588Okay I will. If it drifts too much and that gets annoying I can add an RTC module for $8.
815664Forgot pic.Also here's some more interesting clocks.http://www.electricstuff.co.uk/mikesclocks.html
815686Personally I'd cover the green part.
815643mockingWow, what an asshole./mockingBunch of plebs in this thread.going to all this trouble for a freakishly large goddamn digital clockwon't spend an extra $10 to make it super-accurate
815784won't spend an extra $10 to make it super-accurateLike I've stated before and you continue to be butt-flustered anyways: I'll get to that later.
815698Yea, Id make a black coverplate so the light guides were slotted out. Then used a little more diffusion on the final cover.Best mancave clock ever
815810no you won't because otherwise my bitching will have been for naught
Success.The brightness level seems to be very tied to the delayMicroseconds variable in the program. The shorter the interval, the lower the effective voltage the backlights are driven to.Any lower than 500 and you can tell that the brightness is starting to drop off.There are two ways around this.1. Raise the interval until you get the brightness you want, without the refresh rate being noticeable.or2. Measure the effective voltage of the output at a given interval, then use a resistor and wire it directly to the LED.
817857holy crap what an abomination.
817857Good job bro
814879The Arduino has enough pinouts to drive 4 7-segment displays.Turns out this is true and wrong at the same time.814875Was correct. I'm going to have to use transistors to switch the common cathode pins in order to get full voltage to the backlights.As it's currently hooked up the effective voltage is only 3.5 volts.
817858Arduino driven segment clockArduino drivenEach segment is a dismantled LCD display
815468814864nice job op, looks clean and effective.ITT: assholes that spend all day trying to be witty trolls online instead of doing something productive
817857Why put a whole display for the first digit?You only need a 1 or even a 2 if you are doing 24 hour clock
818149Wow, he could save one whole bar with only the cost of his clock looking stupid.
815664RTC module$8what the fuck? buy a DS1307 or similar for a couple dollars and the crystal.Also, why are you trusting the small arduino regulator to run all your segments at 5V? what is the current draw for each screen?
818178that ship has sailed his clock already looks stupid
814935 defends price while using a whole arduino? pice of perf board and atmega would have workedas for display you could have just found a pretty piece of card board marked to segments with stencil cut them out with an exacto knife painted it with some fiber glass resin to make it hard paint it whatever color you want then cut out soda bottle plastic glued it one the back and snaded where it shown through the openings then simply make a box and put leds underneatha beautiful unique display mostly from junk and practically free.in fact i'm gonna go make the same thing in the next few days for like $15 and post results
818182How do you research what components to use? or is the only way to do this to ask on a forum?818178Saves only 1 bar only if he is doing 24 hour time. If he's doing 12 hour time he saves 5 bars.818195He wanted to cut down on labor. I can understand that.My project is going to be insane because I need to make custom LED segments, and twice as many per digit.I had wanted to do RGB LEDs, but that requires 2 shift registers per digit I think, and a ton of wiring, or a lot more complex setup. Either way, not suitable for a first project.
Some replies.818149Why put a whole display for the first digit?I thought about it, but truncating the first digit to just a 1 gives the clock an odd proportion.I also wanted the option of 24-hour time.818182what the fuck? buy a DS1307 or similar for a couple dollars and the crystal.Increasing accuracy is the next step in the project. Plenty of people have already posted their opinions about improving accuracy, but it's not something I'm addressing yet. I'll get to it once I have the rest of the project working as intended.Also, why are you trusting the small arduino regulator to run all your segments at 5V?Yeah, turns out expecting it to do that was naive. I'm going to have to switch to using transistors as discussed here.https://www.electronicsblog.net/4-digits-7-segments-led-display-multiplexing-with-arduino/818195then simply make a box and put leds underneathYes that was one approach I considered.This one looks pretty good.http://www.embedded.com/print/4405567I was concerned with getting an even light output from each segment. I was also not looking forward to having to mount and solder 56 to 84 LEDs with resistors per clock.There are lots of ways to do this.818195in fact i'm gonna go make the same thing in the next few days for like $15 and post resultsFeel freeI decided to use light guide plates, but there's just no way to buy those any cheaper than I could whole HD44780s from China.This project is still in the prototype phase. It's pretty comical how annoyed some of you are getting at this point in the project.818281My project is going to be insane because I need to make custom LED segments, and twice as many per digit.I apologize for taking such a divergent path from your project. I'm still trying to think of ways for you or me to make segments easily and cheaply. I think making your mid-layer out of foam is likely to be the cheapest and easiest way to get the depth required for diffusion to be effective.
818195818347/diy/ - Clocks
818281saves 1 barno leading 0now where is that picture of the disgusted little girl...
818281How do you research what components to use? or is the only way to do this to ask on a forum?I found the DS1307 for another project because one Arduino "shield" uses it and someone already wrote a library.However, go to Mouser or Digikey and you can search for different components, look at datasheets, etc.
818347So the issue I've been running in to is that the Digital output on the Arduino cannot supply the current needed to drive all of the segments directly. The total current output maximum from that header is 210ma. When all of the segments are "ON" they will need twice that. To correct this We're rewiring the second prototype to include transistors and solid state relays so we can get the power to the segments from the 5V output pin, while controlling the four common anodes from the digital output pins.If the 5V output pin isn't quite enough I'll add a separate 5V 700ma power supply for powering just the segments.I've ordered the following parts.+ DS1307+ 5V Solid state relays+ 5V Power supply+ 170 pad breadboardsI've also ordered some shift registers in case I decide to just go that route.
818426Some people really hate clocks here I guess
what was your most recent accident diy? I cut my finger real deep on a jigsaw that was not even turned onI was on a scissor lift piecing in a sheet of plywood around some pipes and other shit I had a sheet of plywood on the rails I was marking with the saw laying on topI reached over for my speed square without looking and dragged my pinky right across the bladestarted to bleed pretty good so I wrapped it up with some electrical tape and went on with the day
815858Slashed my hand open on metal owing to fatigue and stupidity. Word to the wise; don't fuck about and try and cut corners when you're worn out, take a break. Nearly got through a piece of steel with a drill, realised I hadn't quite cleaned up the hole. Decided I'd just hold onto it whilst I finished the hole.Of course it slipped. And span around and gashed my hand quite nicely. Idiot.
815858Smashed my thumb in a jigsaw the other day. Got caught in-between the plate and the rod that holds the blade. Nice blood blister formed by the time I finished the cut.
Customer has bad cable to their house.Locatev fault. Customer remembers that's where he hit it last time. He gets in his excavator and goes to town. 8" down, crazy abomination of a splice, irrigation pvc and some black flex pipe covering a DIY splice customer made of a bunch of 16g wire wrapped together and spliced with his fucking power.Other guy working almost goes to touch"whoa that's my power"Guy knocked out his own power to his house while I watched.
Had my lawnmower blade clamped in a bench vise, sharpening it by hand because no bench grinder. Went to pick it up to check it at a better angle. Burned myself AND cut myself, right across the palm.
Slipped with a power drill and Phillips bit trying to get at a stripped screw, gouged a hole in my right pointer.Twice.
Cut myself with a knife...
816035Sorted.
Was leatherworking and using a ghetto as fuck awl which went straight through my palm.
Tidying up a graft line for a toe piece on the sole of a shoe. Was tired and went back to it after serving a customer and for some retarded reason I took it off the last and tried to finish the cut while holding it. Knife which I had just sharpened and stropped slipped and sliced right across my left middle finger.That was a couple of months ago now, I don't tend to get hurt that much. Before that I did a number on my right thumb and index finger when I slipped while trimming a sole on the finisher... protip: don't use finishing belts for exfoliation. Hurts like a bitch and takes ages to heal because you're removing a lot of skin.
I was wasted and accidentally stabbed myself below my bottom lip and pretty much pierced my mouth. I felt it go into my gum and hit my tooth. I was cutting a wrap off of my arm from another injury. I'm pretty retarded.I needed stitches but I didn't want to go to the hospital because I had to go to sleep early because I was so wasted and had work the next morning. but I work in a restaurant and can't have open sores on my face so I heated up my lighter for like 5 minutes and carefully cauterized it in the bathroom mirror. so I was able to put on a band aid and go to sleep.
815858My most recent accident involved me hyper-extending my leg in a fucking bounce castle while playing with my little cousin. That shit was a fucking nightmare because when anyone tried climbing up on the inflatable it caused more pressure to bend my leg worse. Fuck that shit was painful. As far as DIY accidents go, that'd have to go to my brother shooting me in the fucking face with a modded bb gun
Was folding origami. Got a wicked papercut. Rubbed Vaseline on it. Didn't even cry. Got 5 extra tendies at lunch for being brave.
815858I was using hot glue to connect two elements together and accidentally grabbed one by a place where I had already put the glue.Second degree burn on my fingers and hurt pride, I truly felt like I gained a chromosome that day.
815858Stabbed my leg with a chisel that needed sharpening.I was lazy and paid the prize.
815858angle grinder stuck in my leg while cutting tiles 6 cm thick.Was no fun
Went to grab some tape from my tool box. Didn't notice that someone had tossed the hand axe, that I had sharpened the day before, into it. Sheared in to the meaty part of palm under my thumb. Was more pissed than hurt.
816345putting sharps where they don't belongwhy do people do this?
815858Last bad one was took off tip of right thumb and part of the nail. I just wash it, wrapped in paper towel and duck tape, and it grew back. Since then, only minor little burns from sparks from angle grinder and welder.My buddy just got a nasty 12 stitch cut on his wrist from a broken tv.
815858messing with motorcyclecleaning out tank, getting rid of old gasgas tank catches on fireI'm carrying gas tankwhat do
816352put the lid back on and the fire will go out
816353that was my first thought, but the fire was everywhere around the lid so instead i threw the tank on the lawn and grabbed the water hose.
816352How did you manage to catch it on fire in the first place?
816357friend threw a cigarette into the fire pit i was tossing the gas in. it was surprising/funny, but it could have been quite bad.
816036did you take painkillers when sewing that up?
Kitchen business owner here. Not me but my installer.Just replaced all the drill bits in his kit with new, sharp ones. Installer is onsite and attaching an end panel to a cabinet. Is holding end panel in place with one hand coz muh clamps are in my van and starts predrilling pilot hole. Goes straight through cabinet, through panel and into meaty part of hand. Hand starts bleeding profusely and is stuck to panel. He had to reverse the drill to free his hand.hospital visit, couple of stitches and light duties for a week.Pissed off boss here - no installer, need a new panel, pissed off client.
815858I exploded a 40 volt 2200 uF capacitor by putting 30 volts on it backwards.It was loud.It was a $4 capacitor.I'm still pissed.
I smashed the shit out of my thumb with a hammer while replacing the U-joints on my car.
Grinded my finger using an electric grindstone, because i would have had to walk 10 feet to get some gloves.
Hanging bypass doors at side job. Installing glides on the floor. While installing floor glides, solid core door fell off the track and pinched finger on the 3/4 block I used to raise the glides. 1/2 x1/2 patch of skin missing on my finger. Bled like a bitch.
not me but happened to dayguy is using a big drill to bore a 3 inch hole through a beam stalls the bit 6 inches deep his wrist snaps like it was nothinghe drove himself to he hospital down the street
I'm a cabinetmaker so i've been knicked by saws, shot myself with 18-23 gauge pins, stabbed myself with screwdrivers, tools and cabinets falling on my feet, etcthe most painful? pushing down with my palm to open a ladder and getting my finger-thumb webbing caught in this. Cut right through
i pulled a sideshow bob while in an attic
Wasnt paying attention as i removed the protective wrap off a set of new dado router bits.Didnt even feel the cut. Just looked down and my work piece was coated in blood.
818124I stepped on a rake the other day, hurt.
816348I do maintenance for a store and all the employees tend to think my tool closet is fair game.
818124You tried to murder a small boy?
Using metal strapping to secure some shelving to the wall. it sliced through my palms and fingertips a number of times before I even noticed the blood.Hurts like a bitch.
815858working on 4cyl toyotareplacing oil pump and crankshaft timing seal.had just got timing belt offunbolting oil pump and my hand smashes into something when bolt comes freeIt was sharp, half inch cut on knuckle to the bone. Had to get 5 stitches.Sucked, the car just sat disassembled for a while.
Was opening a can of dog food and the lid slipped and went halfway into my fingerLadies love it
818670The Machinist?
818684
818558getting stitchesnot throwing on a glove and fixing your damn carGet on my level, wuss.
815858I cut my finger real deep on a jigsaw that was not even turned onThe real question is, were u turned on?
just rolled a little lawn tractor going up a steep part of the hill I hit a slick spot then the tires grab suddenly and the front end lifted off I just stood up and the tractor rolled over backwards then landed on its wheels I just got back on it started it up and kept on cutting
818558Ha.. i have same car, had same problem. The oil seals always go on the pump. What year? Mine is a 96. I got it with like 112k miles on it for 400$. They overheated it. Put a head gasket on it like 200$ for the gasket set/get the head planed/tbelt. Then the oil seal went on the pump. No injuries tho
, 
New glass working thread. If its glass, it goes in here.Got this baby done yesterday, the face is a bit jank, but I have just recently started experimenting with sculpting. Skull is done with cobalt, star white, and something with half the label torn off of it which I think read neptune sparkle. The shit all over my hands is chain grease, my bike derailed on the way home. What tools do you guys use for sculpting?
818587Internal marble design.
Bizzump with old work.
Since the old thread is slowly dying, I'll just start a new one.I'm collecting/hosting DIY and science/technology/engineering/math textbooks.The last time, the complaint was the lack of possibilities to upload. I've fixed that with an anonymous FTP server.I will verify and categorize the uploads before putting them in the download folder.Anything related is appreciated. Some anon talked about Sci-Fi, e.g.Maybe we should also start talking to /g/ and /sci/.I'm thinking about adding CloudFlare and maybe a username and password that can be shared via the boards or IRC to avoid getting indexed by search engines and other things that could cause DMCA/takedown requests.If you have books: please uploadIf you know titles of books: pls respondBooks can be downloaded from:http://stemdiy.club/Books/Books can be uploaded anonymous FTP to:ftp://stemdiy.club/uploads/tl;dr; post bookspicture semi-related
814973The /sci/ sticky sort of covers this. There's a ton of auto-didact stuff in there.
/g/ has the gentoomen libraryhttp://books.gentoomen.org/but apparently the domain has expired.Here's a magnet link to the torrent:magnet:?xt=urn:btih:0bbfaaf5f469a2bd3d762f6942a302f7014a35e9&dn=Gentoomen%20Library&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.ccc.de%3A80&tr=http%3A%2F%2Fannounce.torrentsmd.com%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Fannounce.torrentsmd.com%3A8080%2Fannounce.php&tr=http%3A%2F%2Fbttrack.9you.com%2F%3A8080%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Fannounce.torrentsmd.com%3A8080%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Fbitflip.uni.cx%3A6969%2Fannounce
#bookz on undernet
814973Could you add a section for /out/ related books, not necessarily the hardcore survival stuff but things like how to make chicken coops or a wood cabin. Things that have a /diy/-/out/ crossover.
814973I'll upload some books I've got tomorrow. Mostly science and math books though. Actually I've got a ton. been in school too long.
Wow i really like what youre doing anon ill find us some books do they have to only be the subject categories in the download section
It's been a while, I've been pretty busy the past few days.814981814977I know about both of those, but I'd like to have a more user-reviewed list. I already have the Gentoomen Library, so I might upload it.816412816744815793That'd be really great. Pretty much anything remotely related to STEM and DIY is welcome. I'll just add more categories when needed.
816949How do we upload does it have to be from desktop?
817437You can upload to ftp://stemdiy.club/upload/ or you can mail them to stemdiy@cock.li
814981Woah, that domain was working fine up until recently. Does /g/ plan on ever bringing it back up?
Bump
Anyone here make soap? Any advice?
816692who is this
816704I don't know.
Just find the Saponification values if the oils fats etc that youre using and do the math twice before doing any mixing. Lye heavy soap is an awful waste of time money and resources. Other than the fact it would be dangerous. Also, a quick inexpensive way to test if your soap is lye heavy is to touch your tongue to it real quick. Seriously they call it the zap test. If it kinda stings your tongue it's lye heavy and you did something wrong. However I've always done the math right so I've yet to have this issue. So just follow the recipes instructions and make sure to measue out the lye and ingredients correctly. Other than that what questions do you have specifically.Source: been making soap as a business for about a year.
816863how did you get started with the soap making business? Is it possible to make money off of soap making as a hobby?
Thanks OP, no amount of soap will wash away the rage that image has started my day with.
816863I've been thinking of going out into a forest and burning the wood to make the ash to make the lye myself. Seems like a good excuse to go camping.If I brought PH paper, think I could make decent soap this way?
816692All those salty women.
816863alternately, just do the basic stoichiometric calculations yourself.
816704Sabina Altynbekova
816692Fuck man. I'd have to hear her voice first but otherwise she'd be a 10/10 in my book. You can tell everyone else thinks so too, which is why she's being jumped on by a bunch of warn out, insecure, middle aged whores.You fell victim to one of the classic blunders OP.
Ok /diy/, I'm working on an old go kart I just got and need help with linkages for the carb. Can't find out what my throttle link is supposed to go to. From what I've found it connects to the choke?
Could really use some help here
818700ask /o/
818705What size engine is it?
818711Its a regular 5hp idk the cc of it
You've literally stumbled across the messiah of kart engines. You can find throttle linkages all over the web for that motor. Hell, you can probably rig something up. Just use this for reference.https://cometkartsales.com/Briggs-Flat-Head-Carb-Linkage-Kit.html
818712Thats missing a plateThe black part with the butterfly is your chokeThe choke should NOT be connected to your throttle. It should have something that allows you to open and close it manually for when you are starting the engine.The bar with the 2 holes you have incorrectly connected to the choke, is where your throttle hooks up to.You need to fix a spring to it, so that it stays closed you see the plate with the screw?, its your idle setting, the screw should be touching the carb, and when you pull the throttle it will move to the position it is in nowSitting on a lawnmower or something, you have a friction throttle that pushed it and holds it.On a go kart, it needs to shut itself when you let off the gas.Im sure there are throttle plates made specifically for this, just need to look around.If not, it shouldnt be too hard to rig up.
818713Just an FYI, that linkage requires the removal of the governor.
Also, is that spring supposed to be there? It was there when I got the kart.
818716Do you have a spring on your gas pedal to reset it when you let go?Also where exactly is this picture in comparison to the carb?
818715Isn't that the whole point, though? You don't drive a go-kart to go slow
818717Yes, and this is where the throttle cable leads to, the spring on it pulls the cable back, but from past experience with another kart, the spring should be pulling it the other way. Throttle also stays in place
818722Not everyone is comfortable pulling the engine side cover off and removing internal engine parts.
818724You don't have to do that on a fun kart. You won't ever hit enough RPMs to hurt anything you've left inside.
Pulled entire assembly off, can someone tell me what step two is?
818727
818728
818730missing spring mountYou're fucked
818731Would it be possible to make one?
818730At least they left the spring for you.Im not sure what id do.818733Shouldnt be too hard to actually make oneMaybe even forget that spring, and use a spring like pic related to keep throttle shut, because you already have a spring on the gas pedal.
818733Maybe. I feel like a short piece of pipe strap, bent at a 90 deg. angle and bolted to the gas tank brace might work.
818739Actually, I'm retarded. Just stretch the spring to the far left side of your motor mount and hook it on.
818740Motor mount is too far. Think this will work?
818744Strapping is pretty lightweight, idk
818744That's perfect. Just bend it into something similar to the silver piece in 818728 and bolt to to the hole that the aforementioned piece usually goes in.
Briggs and Stratton Single Cylinder L Head Workshop Manualhttp://www.uni-power.co.uk/forcedownload.php?file=pdf/wsm/briggs/270962%20Single%20Cylinder%20L%20Head.pdf
818700Can't find out what my throttle link is supposed to go topic relatedMissing screw goes through L shaped arm and into casting.Throttle linkage goes in end ol L shaped arm.Return spring goes in other small hole in L shaped arm.Choke is not connected to throttle in any way.No need to disconnect governor, throttle will over-ride it.
Everywhere I search, I can't find anything about repainting drywall.It's either painting new drywall or repairing and painting over.My situation:Drywall in the house is in good condition no cracks or scratches, totally smooth but I don't like the color and when you look along the walls it looks a bit faded/stained but nothing obvious when you look straight at it, just old age.Can I just paint over it or do I still have to sand it?
817581just paint over it, unless it has repairs like nail holes or patching then you should primer those areas first.
817581You keep saying you want to paint over it but you don't tell us what color it is and what color you want paint it with. That matters a lot.
817592the "original" color was white now a bit dirty whiteI want to paint it very light gray or very light blue/grayBasically it will be a light color covering a very light color.
817581wash the walls with TSPgo to local store ask them for the middle line paint should be about 25$/gal measure your spaces a gallon does 300-400sqft in one coat
817581as long as your paint will cover the other color you should be fine to just paint over it. Make sure you wash the walls down really good before you start though. Plus do not buy the cheap paint. In the long run it is much better to spend the little extra and cut down on the number of coats you need.
817600817603should I plan for one or two coats?
Wash and prime with Kilz... Then paint with whatever you want.
817604This depends on the quality paint you get. And since you'll be painting a light color on top of the previous light color, there shouldn't be much of an issue.
817604Always plan for 2 coats, it'll look a lot better. Wash the walls first with Sugar Soap before you start, easy peasy!
, 
Hey /diy/I need to fab a channel similar to the one in picrelated out of stainless.I'm guessing this is usually done by getting a sheet of stainless steel and using some kinda bending machine on it.The thickness of the channel cross section isn't really important; what matters is precise 90 degree bends and that one final 45 degree lip at the end and the spacing inside the channel should be fairly close.Where could I get something like this done? I need some keywords to search for shops that would do this. Anyone know what kind of cost / foot length I might be looking at ballpark in USD?
818277sheetwhat matters is precise 90 degree bendsSince it's so small, maybe you could get it milled.
818278It needs to be several feet deep... sorry if that wasn't clear. Its supposed to be a channel like picrelated.
818279You're going to need to mortise and weld that. Bending isn't really an option, it'll just fold.
818293yeah or redesign your project around what's available.is that quarter inch stainless? and you want to brake it?
818277channels like that are often extruded - not possible on a non-industrial scale esp. not with 4mm thick wallsThe channel you posted here, 818279 is feasible.Infact, so is yours with a jig and aa good plan of action, but the jig would have to be very strong, the same length as your desired channel, very resiliant to torsion, and even then, the final bend ould be incredibly difficult to produce.I'd guess a jig 's, a couple would be needed for different stages in production to do something like this over 2-3ft would be very expensive. minimum $250. Most likely significantly more. what is it for? can a different product not be used? if it's your own design, redesign it with manufacture in mine. If it's replacing a part, find out where the oem got it from. If you can't source one from them/their supplier, beg/borrow/steal someone else piece of kit and use their bit.
Too bad 3d printing is still underdeveloped.
818277Well, an aluminum extrusion die will set you back $10K. Expect steel will be higher, b/c the die will need to be even stronger. It wouldn't really be an extrusion... more of a folding operation. And several feet long. You really need to go find a machine shop, explain to them what you're doing, and go from there. Most folks don't start a project by designing their own custom steel channel material. You look up one that works and go from there. 818376Seriously... did you even read what he's asking for?  hurr durr stainless steel extrusion several feet long 3D print
What's the project?
818277We need to know the following+ Dimension on the gap, if you don't want it to be closed.+ Maximum radius inside of each bend+ Thickness of the wallsStainless doesn't like to be cold worked, so if you go any thicker than 22 gauge .030" you will discover that fewer shops will be willing to do the work.+ General tolerance on dimensions with priority on inside or outside dimensions+ Any preference on Stainless Steel Alloy if anyYour profile may need to be made out of two bent sections and then seam welded together.You should first consider if it's possible to make what you want out of rectangular tube with some L-Channel welded onto it.
818460You should first consider if it's possible to make what you want out of rectangular tube with some L-Channel welded onto it.Example
If is thin enough 24-26gauge i may be able to do it in 6 ft long pieces, ill report later on monday
everytime I read about some industrial accident like this, they've not even bothered to lock out. why don't people lock out?
one of three things happened here..1. the worker failed to lock out and tag out the furnace.2. the company has such a poor standard of maintenance that they don't expect their workers to lock out and tag out a furnace if they service it.3. someone saw it was locked out and tagged out and decided to cut the tag off and start it.people are idiots.
805625Place I used to work at required 3 lockouts. One for Tool room, one for maintenance, one for supervisor. No fucking way this happens. 3 separate keys and 3 separate people.
805638Place I work at says one key. Your fucking key, not even the supervisor has a copy. If someone wants to turn it back on they call whoever tagged out. Necessary when you might be working on a line that could become energized 3 miles away from you.
At my old production job, the division super and other employees would give me no end of shit if i stopped to take the time to lock out and tag out the machines if I had to work on them while we were in the middle of a big crunch.Even if I had to stick my head inside the compartment of the pneumatic ram to see why it was sticking.They want you to get that shit done quick, even if it could decapitate you.
Explain to me this concept of the "lockout"
805672lockout: industrial machine start switch/circuit breaker box with a hole to padlock it so it can't cut on. lockout. tagout = same thing but with plastic tag to say "hey, someone's working here".
805625boils down to laziness. 805672confined spaces and machinery are required by law to have a mechanical lockout system so workers can work safely on the equipment without fear of incidents like bumblebee tuna cook death happening.It's just means the worker didn't put switch the machine off and put a lock on the switch so no one can turn it on.
805672Industrial equipment, switchgear, power systems, anything that has dangerous energy is built or should be built to be "locked out". This means that the breaker switch or valve can be physically locked in the off or safe position with a key lock. The person doing the work, the person in danger, locks the device with a tag the Tag Out portion and and their own personal lock while they have the only key. The tag will have information like phone, name, picture and the like in most cases.Multiple workers means multiple locks, or a lock-box where everyone has to be present to unlock the system.805677heh, 'boils down"oh.. uh.. shit, sorry dead guy.
805650the only reasonable option in a scenario like this is to report them. it is completely unreasonable for a manager who is being paid on a pay minus production loss penalties basis to coerce workers to risk their lives. what happens is, you die. you didnt follow comapny proceedure, manager gets paid, you died through neglect, no payout for your family.
805684I was never specifically told not to, but if anyone bothered to follow proper safety procedures at the expense of productivity, they weren't very popular.They were just assholes like that.
What country was that in?As I feel that is where the answer will be.
805689That why you need a uni rep on site. Have you considered becoming one?
805625everytime I read about some industrial accident like this, they've not even bothered to lock out. why don't people lock out?often a lot of companies don't get too worked up about rules until there is an obvious problemor somebody gets critically hurt or killed--and only because that ends up costing them a lot of money
805625Because, "Safety is our #1 priority!"Well really its because you have crusty ass 30 year veterans who don't give a shit about their life or know how to do it in their sleep, and make a single mistake and die. Or you have an employee that was shown a 30 minute video about safety once and were taught "this is how we do it" by the old guys in the field. No over sight, so no one cares and that shit gets passed down until LO-TO becomes something pussies do. Some lower management even frowns on it at some places I've been, even though the upper management swears it's important.
805739Happened in the US
that time you see someone used a suicide cord to bypass the lockout switch power because they lost their key
805650if you find yourself in a job like this you need to report them or move to a different job.both paths suck..but both paths suck less than dying in a canning oven because 2 middle aged dickless shitheads can't properly manage a production line in a timely manner without being criminally negligent.
805755and this is why every so often someone dies...and a couple of these shits who pushed this attitude get crucified for it.
805689this is how every workplace operates. they steadily con you out of unpaid lunchbreaks, starting half an hour early and finishing half an hour late and not getting paid for it.just little things. buy your own stationary next, or bring your own tools. no we wont pay for them?
My company has a zero tolerance policy for any kind of accident. LOTO is law. They'll fire ya for not holding the rail when you use the stairs.
806498I was once chewed out for skipping a step, what a joke.
806502you will diedont fuck aroundyou remembered it wellhave you done it again since or did they train you well?
http://worldtruth.tv/bumble-bee-worker-cooked-to-death-with-tuna-batch/
805625A welder died not too long ago working on some ammonia pipes from not loto. He was working on one end of pipe while another working was climbing over it, grabbed a valve that wasn't locked out and opened it. Guy at end of pipe was doused head to toe with ammonia and a couple other workers in the area were injured. Nasty way to go. Lock out Tag out all day every day.
807894Ha saw your other comment on the wrong thread
805625sometimes I forget to LOTO
worked at arcelormittal, worlds largest steel producersafety was a big issue in safety week, go figure get to job, more lax, but follow all the big stuffcontractor does LOTO wrong ~15 locks locked onto a personal lockday long shitstorm ensuesThat place might be unsafe as fuck, but at least they kinda try. reading safety reports was always interesting.
805625On this seismic survey ship I used to work on, we had a set of newly installed 5m diameter winches. A coworker of mine went inside it to connect the slip ring. While he was inside, along comes a mechanic to test it. That's when my coworker learned about the LOTO system.As funny as it is to think of the ordeal as a human hamster-wheel, If he had been entering or exiting when the winch started spinning without a warning, he would've been cut in half because of the beams the winch was mounted on.
805739but happenned to an illegal beaner so it's ok and nobody will care.
I wonder if the guy wasn't sleeping when it happened?
i swear to jesus there is something wrong inside the brains of engineersmanagers, operators, visitors and even janitors get a clue after a couple of yellings-at, but engineers just keep fucking and fucking and they don't stop until they get 33kv to the dick
809467The guy doing maintenance in the oven was just a menial worker, not an engineer.
When I worked industrial maintenance I locked out the equipment or took the fuses out and kept them with me then closed the box.If not sure of fuse or breaker I dead-shorted conductors to blow or pop the thing because I care about me more than equipment. Paid off when I went to work on a room which was wired with only yellow wire!Never openly report to OSHA unless you are quitting anyway, but anonymous reports can trigger entertaining no-notice inspections!I'm a dick if someone doesn't put safety first. They just lost their right to be treated with consideration so fuck 'em.
809343http://www.oregonlive.com/clackamascounty/index.ssf/2013/04/portland_man_41_falls_into_mea.htmlThis poor guy. LOTO errytime...
809467Illegal Mexican janitors and cart pushers are now engineers.Just fuck my shit up.
https://www.osha.gov/dep/fatcat/fy15_federal-state_summaries.pdfRead this and never again will you question safety regulations.
805625it's dolphin safe, that seems like enough
809581worker killed when caught in screw auger
809612809581Worker struck and killed by wrench.I'll bet any amount of money it was a lathe chuck key
809581open it upfirst one I seefatally shot
809617forgot to tag the safety
just got my job in HVAC can't wait to get my first 240V shock I had a 120 and already couldn't let go.
809617Worker gate struck and killed by glass table-topblown from balcony by high winds. ...he never saw it coming...
809632Worker struck and killed by roller that disengaged from hide fleshing machine.that's how I want to go out
809617Gun store owner shot and killed during attempted robbery.
809619I had a 120 and already couldn't let go.I had a bad shock like that too, fuck that. My hand was numb for hours...
805755Upper management has to pretend to care because its the law, but since they can blame any problems in productivity from people following said law on lower management, lower management has to take the professional risk by implying implications that you should be risking your life to do shit slightly faster because of reasons. office politics. Guy on the bottom gets the short end of the stick and is killed, guy in the middle gets repremanded, guy on the top pretends to be ignorant and gets to act like the hero even though everyone damn well knows it is ultimately his fault and responsibility.
809467this is what happens when you outsource to illiterate illegal immigrants.
809581Worker on top of truck electrocuted after contacting powerline.Worker electrocuted after contacting overhead power line.Both on the same day, in different locations.
805625just read an article on this. i'm sure he suffocated before he was cooked. but the thought of it still makes my nuts curl up into my stomach
809581Worker killed in hydrogen blast when water reacted with titanium liquid. inb4 full metal alchemist
809581I'm seeing lots of falls through skylights... That's something to keep in mind.
809888The fun thing there is that even if you clip your harness on, there's probably still enough slack for you to actually fall through the glass, and cut yourself to all hell. You might not hit the ground but you'll dangle there bleeding.
805625I work with recycling/disposing of construction and landscaping waste. We do a good deal of separating picking grinding. We have some very large machines that need to be respected and requires a certain amount of professionalism to use safely.Twice we have had fatalities and both times it was people getting too comfortable and skipping safety steps. Once it was someone working on a conveyor belt that is 25-30 ft off the ground sticking out the back end of a grinder. He did not lock the machine out. The lock was there he just didnt do it.When you run such a company managers arent enough you need to regularly and randomly just check shit cause people get confident and comfortable. He was working on the belt in the air without the lockout and someone who wasnt very bright came into the machine and turned it on. He got tossed off the belt hit his head on concrete and died a couple days later in the hospital.I had someone die by a forklift as well. He was unloading a trailer on a dock filled with cardboard bails and some wood. He stopped his forklift on the edge of the dock at what we call a dock plate. He then stepped in front of it to remove some wood from his path by hand.Turns out he did not secure the forklift with the parking brake. It rolled foward the dock plate has a very slight downward slope and pinned him between it and a bale.The bales and the forklift are both 1 ton or more and his chest was crushed instantly. Reviewing a security camera that caught it showed a truck driver walking past about 10 seconds later and he heard nothing.I also had numerous truck driver accidents. Once a mechanic moved what he found to be a faulty trailer in front of out mechanics shop. He had done this at night before he went home.
809892In the morning the driver who had been with us for 15+ years found his preferred trailer had been removed and another in its place. Both trailers were preloaded for the morning. He took it upon himself to make the call and take the unknown to him broken trailer.He took it out went onto a circular ramp and flipped the fucking 25 ton load and its trailer.The bottom line is you have to constantly watch. And people will find a way to fuck up.Time is your enemy because with enough of it anyone can become to comfortable and too confident.You need to constantly refresh shit and always add a third eye to randomly watch for people slacking.Even then youll find someone fucking shit up occasionally.
809894Should also add that the old timers are fucking doing it to themselves. Ive seen so many of them removing or bypassing the basic safety shit on machines. And honestly its cause they know what they are doing and are fine 99% of the time. Until that 1% time. Then they get fucked.Last year I saw someone die pulled into a asphalt machine for a company doing roads.A piece of rock or something had gotten in front of the machine laying the asphalt and he decided to do that thing your never supposed to do. Kick it out with your foot. That got really messy.Also saw someone fall into a grinder he had taken the safety mechanism off. No idea what happened cause apparently he was alone at the time. Report after hinted at a heart attack or something making him pass out.Hard to tell from the pieces after.
809897I used the words I saw here and I should add I didnt actually see it im talking about two things that happened with companies I worked with.
809581"Worker struck and killed by tape measure that fellfrom skyscraper." Would a hardhat even save you?
809581In australia, unions mean nothing.click on report linknonunionnonunionnonunionin america you die if you work non union apparently.Worker killed after being caught in extrudermachine. Worker killed when lanyard became caught in pumpmotor. Worker performing landscaping activities died fromexposure to weed killer.owner operator beanerDepartment of Veterans Affairs, El Paso, TX79930Doctor fatally shot while working at medical facility. Serrato did not earn the Purple Heart award for sustaining any injuries in combat, and did not earn the Combat Infantryman Badge, which goes to infantryman who have personally fought in ground combat. shot by medical receptionist, not even combat vetwelp, there you go, you're not even safe from the guy who answers the phones if you're a doctor.4 dupont workers killed by chemical leakmethanethiol as a colorless, flammable gas with an extremely strong and repulsive smell. At very high concentrations it is highly toxic and affects the central nervous system. Its penetrating odor provides warning at dangerous concentrations.they could smell a chemical leak but kept workingA 32-year-old landscaper went into cardiac arrest after he was stung hundreds of times, according to witnesses at the scene. Douglas Fire Chief Mario Novoa said a total of seven people were stung. Four were landscapers with a group called Douglas ARC, which works with citizens who have developmental disabilities3x8ft hive on house809888a lot of them are for winter reports. so skylights covered in snow. make sure you inspect the inside of a building first if the roof is covered in snow to look for holes in the roof before walking over them I suppose.
809894He took it out went onto a circular ramp and flipped the fucking 25 ton load and its trailer.Idiot shit didn't pretrip the trailer which you do EVERY trip or you suck. Of course broken equipment should be locked but that's rare.
809925We usually put tags on them but it was the guy who was preloading after we close and everything was locked up. He was there alone and just move it in front of the bay for the shop instead.So ya its usually marked up. But still it was a spring on the one side and he was a good driver. Just got confident and skipped shit on the one day he shouldn't have.
809581NOPENOPENOPE
809932So did those elevator people die together?At least they werent alone.
809581None of those mention whether or the not they follow safety regulations, and I doubt most of accidents have anything to do with not following safety rules.If you're stupid or if other people you're working with are stupid or if you're not lucky, no amount regulation is going to save you.Worker fatally beaten and strangledCompany owner killed in fall from roof of vanWorker killed in vehicle collisionWorker struck and killed by vehicle after falling from back of truckWorker killed when pickup truck rolled oveWorker died after falling and striking head against paving machine.Worker killed in fall from a bucket truck.Worker riding lawnmower struck and killed by car.Worker engaged in tree trimming struck and killed by falling branches.Worker killed in fall from ladder.Worker drowned in residential pool.Worker struck and killed by compressed air line that failed under test pressure.Worker fatally crushed beween equipment in storage room. etcDid you even read the list? You think safety regulations cover this shit or is a magical solution to all accidents?
809899You'd be surprised how much a hardhat can withstand. The better ones have a pretty good suspension system in them.
809941How romantic.
809581Worker fatally shot by coworkerWorker fatally shot. Worker fatally shot during attempted robbery. Gun store owner shot and killed during attempted robbery. Doctor fatally shot while working at medical facility. Worker fatally shot during armed robberyWorker fataly shot while in route to make a deposit. Worker fatally shot by hunting club customer. Employee fatally shot by former coworker. Worker shot and killed in a shooting. Worker fatally shot during traffic stop. Worker fatally shot while servicing ATM. Employee fatally shot by coworker. MERICA
809945Much of it would be prevented by safety regulations though. This list includes ALL workplace fatalities. Technically you are supposed to be harnessed or have a railing at any level over 4 feet high. Much of this could have been prevented just by having more than one person on site.
809945 Canada's safety regulations Lit. "Don't do something not safe."
809973http://www.hse.gov.uk/foi/fatalities/2013-14.htmctrl+f: shot0 results...Well at least we're allowed to even have guns.inb4 this list doesn't consider shootings a workplace incident
809581Videogames have made it so that I can't take anything that includes the word fatality seriously. That report is hilarious.
809973shall we talk about Europes human trafficking and stabbing numbers? or should we just ignore that like you euroshits do and pretend it doesn't exist? I'd rather people getting shot in the streets for pissing someone off, then someone breaking into houses all along a street block taking peoples kids to sell them to the highest sex slave bidder. fggt.
809581Worker killed when lanyard became caught in pump motor. Worker fatally engulfed by gravel after falling into silo during cleaning operationsWorker drowned after becoming pinned under wheel of tractor in irrigation canal.Worker electrocuted by highway exit ramp light postTwo workers killed in explosion at pyrotechnic plantWorker killed in fall down unguarded elevator shaftWorker killed after being caught in power transmission shaft of concrete crusherWorker killed in fall from skateboardWorker delivering mail killed in fall on slippery walkway. USPSWorker killed by exposure to cyanide. Worker struck and killed by ice in ice room. Worker died from multiple bee stings. Worker fatally injured by bearI got so excited when reading this one. Worker operating wood chipper on the side of road struck and killed by vehicle.
809932
809988shall we talk about Europes human trafficking and stabbing numbers?Hahaha, yeah because Central American women are never trafficked into America and no one ever gets stabbed in 'merica.
810003that's like something out of saw
810005More like something out of Final Destination.
Worker killed in fall on portable stairs.I always wondered how many people got killed on those things.
809961809899I saw a driver saved my his hard hat from a brick throw off the 4th story of a building and bouncing off the rim of a dumpster.The helmet split but it deflected the brick enough to avoid straight on head hit.It was less the helmet protecting him and more it redirecting the thing slightly.
809581shit like this happens every single daysometimes multiple times a dayare people really this careless or are the safety measures they use useless?
810046Careless. When people do a job for a while, they tend to get comfortable and make mistakes that can be fatal. Alternately, they're new and haven't figured out what the fuck they're supposed to be doing.
810045I meant the eurolist.There are plenty of shootings on the osha list.
805625I've bee to power plants that do it Ina fairly good way. The plant operators deenergize and lock all the equipment out. The keys then go in a satellite box and then the contractors my guys and I included hang locks on the satellite box after inspecting the locks for everything they're going to be working on. Even if the contractors are retarded, they won't get electrocuted.
809899don't know, but I'd sooner try it with rather than without...
Easy, same reason i left the screaming metal death trap of a plastic factory. A middle management prick up the workers ass 3 ways to sunday trying to get him to do three times the normal amount of work in the same time with half the amount of people so he can get a bonus. The company doesn't give a fuck because lol quarterly looks good and OSHA is a fucking toothless joke.
809899There's a lot of variables to consider weight of tape measure, distance of fall, striking angle, etc., but I can say with some degree of certainty that a hardhat would at least deflect a portion of the blow. It's what they're designed for.
work on aircraft carrierone day lights in my room don't workwtfsomeone tagged out the power to my room to fix a lighttagged out FOR A FUCKING WEEKdressing by flashlight the whole timefinally the maintenance gets donelights come back onTag Out is great. It's safe and effective. The problem is when shit stays tagged out FOREVER because people are too lazy to do the maintenance right away, or they didn't plan properly.
809918in america you die if you work non union apparently.Pretty much, because union workers often make 3-5 times what their nonunion counterparts make, and a precondition of that is a zero-accident environment. Showing up to a job without gloves/ppe will get your ass replaced by someone who can, and doing things like not locking out or not shutting things off results in getting fired for risking everyone's job because accidents cost money.The flip side is that nonunion work is strife with OSHA violations, though it depends heavily on the contractor and type of work. Electricians, by nature, can't fuck around as much as a roofer and not die. This is especially so when many nonunion contractors will readily hire illegals that don't speak english, or have minimal experience around heavy equipment. The result is that they try to operate a grinder only to get sucked into it or they try to rewire hot equipment because that's how papa did it on his farm in the ass end of Durango. I knew a guy who fell to his death from a bucket truck because his friend on the ground needed to move the car so he could get closer to a tree. Why did something that stupid happen? Because neither of them spoke english and didn't read the operator's manual or any of the warning labels plastered on the vehicle.Not even trying to be a hater here, but it's true.
810422fellow navyfag hereOne time we had a stowaway get crushed by a pallet of engine blocks strap had frayed, and we had run into a storm and nobody noticed for a week until it started to smell. Another time, I watched a janitor spray cold water onto a hot panel, and then touch it electrocuting himself because he thought the water would "cool it down". He would have died from a heart attack if someone else wasn't standing right there ready to take him to the med bay.Oh, and I know a guy who got 3rd degree burns to his face and mouth because he was in the arctic and did the "lick a pole" thing outside, only to have his tongue stick to it and require a buddy of his to heat it up with a propane torch. And then there's the time where I watched someone get hit by a truck that was being unloaded because they weren't wearing a reflective vest.
I work as a heavy tow truck operator. The shit I've had to come into clean up at loading docks is amazingly stupid.Trailer is just dropped at loading dockDriver starts to lower landing gearAs soon as pressure transfers to trailer frame it cracksDriver runs inside, tells supervisor that its fuckedSupervisor arranges all the necessary equipment to support the trailer and keep it from destroying itselfAlso raises the ramp from the dock into the trailer and parks a forklift in front of it, along with warning signsA mechanic shows up with all the stands and stuff needed to support it to be unloadedBefore he even has one out of his truck the trailer starts to groanAnd its gets louderCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-BANGFrame is killnoJust then, a forklift goes flying through the side of itRips the side of the trailer offShit gets everywhereIts full of pallets that are basically a ton of small things held on with shrink wrapEVERYWHEREGet called out to remove what was leftSupervisor marches a kid up to me"This is the clown that went into the trailer, he'll be helping you"Ya no, if he can't figure out not to go in a trailer, he ain't helping meGet to watch the security tapes for an hour as they clean upKid actually checked for shit in his pantsAnd thats only a sample.
810444topkek810443Are there really people who don't realize water conducts electricity in most circumstances? That's something you can teach a child by having them play Pokemon.
810449Are there really people who don't realize water conducts electricity in most circumstances? That's something you can teach a child by having them play Pokemon.There are people in the world who believe electricity is magic.
810449funny i'm more concerend that he thought cooling it down was the solution rather than just treating symptoms.
810443Yeah I'm just waiting for something stupid to happen on my ship. Luckily all we've had since I got there is people falling down ladders horseplay and people slamming fingers in doors.
810496protip: always wear your safety glasses. It may seem stupid, but I've seen people randomly get hit with shit because someone was trying to dremel a doorhinge off or because someone didn't secure a light fixture correctly or because someone put gasoline into a diesel generator and it blows up. Just get into the habit of wearing them whenever you're on duty.
810508That sounds like a good idea. I've already made a point of only wearing the FRVs, those new flame resistant coveralls, after hearing a horror story of a LT's khakis fusing to his skin in an electrical accident.
809581Worker fatally injured by bearGuess the bear wasn't following the safety precautions.
809581 Worker struck and killed by ice in ice room.What a cool way to go...
810528It's ALL preventable.http://lionstigersandbears.org/standards-of-care-new
810532But bears can't read!
 Worker killed by carbon monoxide from gasoline powered generator running inside truck.Wow, just wow.
809984..dont mean the Brits are entirely stupidity-free:http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-merseyside-30717512- an industrial oven that required regular cleaning inside - an oven whose 'energy saving features' included of course a door that closed and locked automatically, the second someone switched the power on. Genius pure.
809932I remember one incident years ago where kids somehow bypassed locks of manual plain doors and just up/down controls + electric locks elevator and were able to enter the shaft. They figured it would be a good entertainment to ride on top of elevator AFAIK it was two on top and one inside, operating. Someone's clothes got caught in some shaft installations and he got smeared between shaft wall and car. Imagine being the kid inside car..
810046Usually carelessness, but you need to consider how many "workers" there are.
809340Heh, my dad used to work in a steel distributor center that was taken over by arcelormittal. He went from regular worker to foreman to safety inspector/enforcer don't know the English term over the course of the years.One day, some time after the takeover, one of the big bosses, almost top of management, came to visit my dads' workplace. The guy didn't feel like wearing a helmet, so my dad refused him access to the steel halls. Being used to having things his way, of course, the boss gets mad, but my dad explains how he is responsible, so he cannot let the boss in without a helmet, eventually the boss puts on a helmet.Afterwards the guy comes back to my dad, apologizes, and praised him for taking safety so serious.
810444I'm back with another one from Friday afternoon. Get a call to an auto shop in townThey need assistance removing a vehicle from a hoistOh boy, these jobs aren't funArrive on sceneCar is pushed right into the ceilingGlass everywhere from windows blowing out, roof clearly caved inThe hoist it was on had been malfunctioning all week, was shut off in several different areas and a lock on the controlsGuy came back from being sick all week, wants to use this hoistHe broke out his air cut off tool, cut the lock off and found the breaker box and 2 other electrical switches leading to this hoist and turned them all onDidn't even phase him when it didn't stop movingOwner made him help me, which involved swinging a very heavy sledge hammer in excess of 100 times Promptly fired before he finished because he kept bitching about it not being clearly out of serviceI love this town and all because the retards keep me in business, but they really fuck shit up sometimes.
810532There's no mention where and how the accident happened. Nature's Capital is a management company, not a zoo. It could've happened in a national park. You're just assuming the worker didn't follow safety precautions.
810949muh free as in freedom bearsJust look at Switzerland. They solved the bear problem and now they are all in cages.
809945Worker fatally beaten and strangledStop pissing people offCompany owner killed in fall from roof of vanGet a proper ladder, retard.Worker killed in vehicle collisionLook before you walk into traffic. listen. If a blind corner, safety mirrors should be installed and usedWorker struck and killed by vehicle after falling from back of truckRide in passenger compartment. wear the safety beltWorker killed when pickup truck rolled overDo not drive on uneven surfacesWorker died after falling and striking head against paving machine.Maybe legitimate? What did he fall from?Worker killed in fall from a bucket truckWear the safety harness/tie-off.Worker riding lawnmower struck and killed by car.Probably the car driver's fault here. But, why was he in a traffic zone? was he paying attention?Worker engaged in tree trimming struck and killed by falling branches.Larger branches should be tied off and lowered down. Also, hard hats are required in tree-trimming.Worker killed in fall from ladder.It happens. Was the ladder secured? was he over-reaching? Using the top rung/platform?Worker drowned in residential pool.Stop swimming during your shift. This was probably someone weighted down with tools or something. Or drunk. Either way. use your head.Worker struck and killed by compressed air line that failed under test pressure.This falls under "Shit happens" That said, you should be leaving room for hoses when testing pressure. Hose failure, or loose connections are exactly what is being tested for here. assume failure.Worker fatally crushed between equipment in storage room.Climbing shelves to get something probably. Manlets. Will they ever learn? Get a latter. It's a storage room. it's not like shit moves under its own power.5 of your examples ignore safety protocols. The rest likely ignore common sense.The world is a tough room. Keep your head on a swivel.
805625I work at a union place where it's almost impossible to get fired, including for multiple failed drug tests, telling management to fuck off, and calling in 20 percent of the time.If you don't lock out once, and you get caught, you will be fired.
810545if there is one thing I have learnt, it is to never get inside an industrial oven, silo or vat. someone will always turn it on while you are cleaning it.concretegrainfishlumberfuck that shit, if you wouldnt climb inside something while its being operated, dont climb inside it. that is straight up engineer work. if something goes wrong inside a machine, an engineer fixes it because it wasnt build properly so it couldnt just be quickly pressure hosed from the outside.
811193or I don't know, just installing a jam on the door. all that guy had to do was get a brick or steel beam and jam it in the door way.
809988Man you americucks are instant butthurt when talking about guns crimes and shootings.
809945811187I didn't mean that these all have to do with safety. Keep in mind that this list includes ALL workplace fatalities, not just negligence related ones.Here's another interesting report:http://www.bls.gov/iif/oshwc/cfoi/cfoi_revised13.pdf
811207Also this:http://www.bls.gov/iif/oshwc/cfoi/cfch0012.pdf
I work at lowes. Even we lock out tag out. Any compactor, bailer, or cutting equipment gets 2 or 3 tags. Power equipment gets 2 and the Keys are cut off
809581Flight Safety International Inc., Wichita, KSWorker killed in plane crash.
809619Not to worry- 240V will throw you...
806482This. My boss did this to, then i adressed it and he stopped it. ut i know shit will be talked about me.On the other hand i have to say i experienced the perspective of an employee and an employer. In certain branches the people who work for you fuck you over systematically. Just lurk /diy/ and read fro yourself.Guy gets a job, disappears for weeks and calls in sick retroactively. Guy works at constrtuction site and steals everything.My favorite:Guy works cleaning company and, i kid you not, steals expensive cleaning equipment to clean his front yard while living just over the street from the manager of the company. The manager even observes him for an hour or 2 doing this before deciding its just to much to ignore.
810443stowawayIs this common on naval vessels?
811455more than youre willing to believe.
811458How do they even get on?Why would they want to?Is there a brig?
8114601. multitude of ways, not my area to discuss, opsec.2. i'm not them couldnt say.3. yes.
806502Co worker was backing down from like a 1m hight, used a chair instead of a stepladder or something more apropriate.Fell down, a total of 50 cm height.Broken bones in the hand, severall operations later, and more than half a year missed at work. He had a bunch of wires and screws trough his hand, and they had to fix it one more time, wich basicly meant redoing a good part of the operation. And it happened because he fell from no height at all and landed on a flat surface. Sometimes there is a reason people are bitchy about safety. Maybe they have been around long enough to see the most mundane shit cause serious injury.
809897Oh god, you should see the shit i have seen... a mobile grinding unit grinding up stones, concrete etc. had some power issues. Well the workers fixed it by bypassing the breakers and just forced the switches to stay on.Sure, the thing worked for a while, a couple of months later.... ireppairable damage, pretty much all of the electric wiring has to be replaced.Sad thing? The boss supported this shit all the way trough. No, why call the repairman if you can just diy it on a machine that costs this fucking much.
809581worker died from complications related to fall on a wet floor and breaking leg."Sorry mate your leg is broken. I'm not a doctor but we have to take it off as soon as possible."
811455811460I'm 810443It depends heavily on the vessel and where it stops. Generally speaking, most container ships from China tend to be stowaway-free now sans people actually inside containers due to post 9/11 security anal retentiveness. Doubleso for oil tankers, due to the cost and explosive nature of the cargo. Anything that heads through a conflict zone like the gulf of Aden or chokepoint has more security as well.However, people still manage to get through the cracks especially at smaller ports where security is local and is either incompetent or corrupt or where people actually live on the water like Bangadesh and can get on board if the crew isn't attentive.As for the incident my boat had, it was a transport ship coming out of the Philippines. What was later discovered was that he had dressed up as a crewman complete with PPE and was able to sneak on board by sitting casually inside of a truck. He simply hid in another storage area, until he was killed on accident. He probably could have made it all the way out to SD if he could get food from the kitchens. Dunno if he could actually make it off the boat, through the port and off base though, but then again if he jumped into the water at night nobody would notice.
811445this is considered normal. what constitutes expensive cleaning equipment?if my work had a wood chipper, I'd borrow the wood chipper if i needed it.borrowing equipment for an hour or two if nobody else is using it doesnt really count as theft in my books. that said, i would ask the boss first.
805740uni repWhat's that?811480Never borrow equipment, if it gets damaged or was damaged and you were the one to find out guess who's the one that'll have to pay the repair.
809994Worker killed in fall from skateboardWorker delivering mail killed in fall on slippery walkway.A little lame, sorry for their deaths tho.810535Fuck you.
811474This isn't all that uncommon. A little debris from the break gets into the blood stream. If you're lucky, it gets stuck and blocks a single artery. You'll have some tissue death, but surgery can keep you alive. If it gets to the heart, that's it.
810451Only magnets are magic
I was involved in a workplace injury. I was hit by a forklift i was spotting. It was my fault for walking across a pallet, the guy on the lift, speed up to catch upto me.  he was supposed to be 10ft behind me the double load of drywall. He was carrying cliped the pallet.Threw me off into thr path of the lift. Load hit me just below my elbow, floor hit me just above wrist. Broke my arm in both places. Had the driver set the load down it would have crushed my arm. OSHA investigated.Fined my company for pallets on ground, pallets leaningIncomplete training records for operators Lax training and safety standards.Workers comp paued for all the medical , 4 surguries, bone groth stimulator, pt, and 9 months off work.It sucked. Im now the safety team leader...  as punishment, but ive kept us accident free for 2 years by being a safety nazi and using my accident as an example
811563Congrats on staying accident free for so long.
811600Congrats on staying accident free for so long.not him, but I have a story parts guywork in small machining place who has contracts with big name companypays well for the operators, they dont hire retardssafety guy is strictnot one work related accident in the 2 years I had been workingget a bonus for having no injuries at end of yearbringing in new UPS shipment of parts I orderedget some dust and shit into my eye from the outside of the boxignore it, use eyedrops and it doesnt bother menext day notice something in eye starts rustingafter I go to eye doc to get it properly flushed outuse my insurancethey considered it an on the job "injury" and we all lost our bonus last year because of it.Bunch of horse shit, I didnt take time off work, I didnt ask work to pay for it.It was put through insurance as an on the job injury I guess, which didnt mean shit to my copays or anything.
809581Worker fatally engulfed by pile of ground corn.that's just... How do you tell his/her significant other?
811660We regret to inform you , that your loved one was tragically killed fighting the High Fructose Corn Syrup conglomerate.
811661Worker killed in fall after tripping on steel rod.
811747We regret to inform you that your loved one has tragically succumbed to early onset steel poisoning.
Worker fatally choked by large breasts.
809932same companysame dayalmost same accidentdifferent locationuh...
Ah muh gawd, this thread just works my shaft...Be Health & Safety Inspector for manufacturing companyJob is pretty much "find stupid people and fuck with them".Company has been through wringer with OSHA, so I am pretty much god inside my facility.I've got some stories...
811794Good thing you didn't post any.Now you can wait for people to ask you, so you can inflate your ego.
811782worker struck and killed by two motorcycles.twosome of these, with their lacking context have my imagination running wild with freak accidents.
811794Find out 3rd shift skeleton maintenance crew has been getting lax with their LOTO procedure.On end of 2nd shift, I lockout one of the large industrial ovens at the electrical power panel.3rd shift finds it, decides to cut it off since they figure the guy who put it there went homeAs soon as they energize the machine, from the far side, I start screaming like my foreskin just got caught in a paper shredder.Machine shut down, maintenance guys and supervisors come running.I'm still screaming bloody murder as I'm standing there, filling out a corrective action form.Maintenance thinks it's funny, supervisors are pissed, guy who threw the switch cant stop shaking, and has to take the night off.He thought he maimed someone.
811799Not hard to imagine, motorcycle riders are awful drivers, haven't you seen their threads on /o/ or /wsg/dbt?Probably one saw a pedestrian worker and aimed for him and then another biker behind saw him on the floor and ran him over again.
811799http://www.floridatoday.com/story/news/local/2015/03/20/worker-electrocuted-struck-by-motorcycles-in-melbourne/25069781/It's much wilder than you could have expected!
811801On end of 2nd shift, I lockout one of the large industrial ovens at the electrical power panel.Was there any reason for that other than just wanting to fuck with the guy?
811804811801That's a fucking evil thing to do to a guy. But entirely necessary, he brought it on himself.
811794Workers using milling machine with 4" fly cutter.Fucking temp workers, dumber than dirtFind worker wearing loose-fitting cotton gloves to handle pieces near fly cutter.Worker also wearing hoodie with dangling pull cord, pajama bottoms, and flip flops.Flip shit.Worker gets sent home, "coached" on correct workplace attire.Couple days later, in same part of plant, hear someone yell.Run over.Same worker. Wearing one glove. Other glove if going FWIP FWIP FWIP FWIP around in milling machine.For two seconds, thought their hand was inside the glove.It was not.Flip shit. They get fired so hard they bounce. I get stuck having to come up with an even more idiot-proof guard for that operation, since it seems you can still touch the fly cutter if you wedge a finger in between the guards with an extra 1" of glove hanging off the tip.
811802Not all motorcycle riders are shitbags, just like not all car drivers are shitbags. You only notice the shitty ones, though.Also, I will admit that motorcycles are attractive to the shittier members of society, but they're just as douchebaggy in cars as they are on a cycle.
811804it's not just fucking with them.. if they were being safe they'd ask who was responsible for locking it out... theres a pretty set procedure for dealing with finding a machine locked out.. and at no point does it say "just cut the lock off"
Facility has loading docks.Instead of the industry-standard dock lock, we have wheel chocks.Wheel chocks do not work in the winter, when snow/ice accumulates at the dock area.Forklift drives into trailer.Hits brakes.Trailer rolls away from door.Forklift falls, driver shats, fun is had by all.Pic related, not mine but a familiar sight.
811814Correct.Attempt to contact lock owner via radio.Have lock owner paged over PA system.Contact lock owner supervisor.If lock owner is not at work, attempt to contact lock owner at home.Drive to lock owner's home, kick the drunken welder out of bed, and get his keys.If all else fails, assemble as many people as you can, and go over machine with a fine toothed comb, visually inspecting every component and cavity for problems. Then contact Safety Inspector, Managers, and the fucking pope so they can do their folder full of reports, and then cut off the lock.They went from "call on radio" straight to "cut it off and fire it up".
There's actually a particular way to open these things safely. You have to stand clear of both the opening you are creating as the door swings open, AND the path the door will swing in. Otherwise...Open door while in the path of the opening.Thing that was against the back door of trailer that came unsecured falls out.Get hit with 40lbs of angle iron right in the bridge of the noseNose gets broken off your face to the point we can see into your nasal cavity.orUnlatch door and begin to open while standing in path of door.Pallet that was loaded badly has shifted400lbs of wood blocks come falling out the back of the trailer, striking the inside of the door.Force slams the door into your face, driving that little toggle latch piece into your teeth.Life with dentures at 24, woo hoo!
811810Worker also wearing hoodie with dangling pull cord, pajama bottoms, and flip flops.
I thought I had more OC pics to share, but for some reason I cant find them. I had a good one of one of these units. They're oscillating band saws for cutting big ass blocks of foam.Problem with foam cutter.Worker stops machine.Does not LOTO.Climbs on the material bed to re-position large block of foam.Worker #2 notices machine not running.Thinks it "stalled".Cycles emergency stop button, machine resumes.Worker #1 is pushed into the blade by the foam block, cutting across the back of their legs just above the knee.Much screaming.The guy was incredibly lucky, since the idiot that restarted the machine still had his hand 2" from the emergency stop button, blade only went in a fraction of an inch. We kept the jeans he was wearing, with the two bloody slices in the legs.
811818out of curiosity.. do those radios work if you have it on your belt while your.. say inspecting the inside of a giant furnace? ...idiots
811563what country do you live in that has functional worhplace safety laws?in australia if you get hurt on the job, you get fired.
811826Does a radio work if you're inside a giant 20-ton faraday cage?No, they don't. Not only that, but lots of industrial equipment generates a lot of EM noise, which has the same effect as a signal jammer.
811882OSHAThat's America
811504union representation
809632I worked on a site on top of a hill where we had some 15 ft x 5 ft sheets of corrugated tin lying on the ground. A high wind whipped up and blew the top sheet on each stack horizontally across the site. Literally flying guillotines. Narrowly missed taking a couple of heads off, fortunately nobody was hurt in the end.
 work at Weatherford safe as fuck because I live in North America every month there would be a safety meeting weatherford employees working in pakistan always fucking up no one calls 911 when people are crushed, they just load them into pickups and drive
810049Alternately, they're new and haven't figured out what the fuck they're supposed to be doing.Laborer for stone mason job here, fucking told nothing-not a thing.
811810wearing hoodie with dangling pull cord, pajama bottoms, and flip flopsJesus christ man, that's cringe worthy.811945"fired before you hit the ground"
809899People greatly underestimate the purpose and ability of protective head wear. Hardhats are designed to turn fatalities into injuries, not make you invulnerable. When they first started assigning helmets to soldiers in ww1, the number of deaths went down but the number of injuries skyrocketed. At first, the commanders assumed their soldiers were just being stupid and were frustrated at this 'unfortunate turn of events', it costs a lot of time and money to take care of a wounded soldier.Apparently it took a long time to explain to high command that the helmets were working as intended, and that without helmets, these men would simply be dead.
809988I like how stabbings have become such a huge problem in the uk that they have to differentiate between the kinds of stabbings in order to make the numbers look smaller than they are. For example, if someone tries to kill you by stabbing you with a broken bottle they report it as a "glassing". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glassingin the United Kingdom, there are more than 87,000 glassing attacks per year,[1]
812325glassing attacks87,000 per yearutter fucking bullshitLink below is actually not much.. more helpful, but the 'correct' figure is/was indeed around a 1/16th of that, and I doubt even that.. The only thing you should definitely Trust Even Less than a drunken Brit with a glass in his hand, is fucking *anything* published as a UK Home Office Staistic. Either, it's invented to provide funding for something else, or its simply invented. Fucking Hobbits, Liars & Bullshitters Supreme, the lot of them.http://petebrown.blogspot.de/2010/02/how-87000-glassing-injuries-year-gave.html
809581actually had a lot of near misses that almost ended up like the stuff on this listjust last month while trying to remove a cement mixer from a trailer hitch, got launched up when the foreman tilted the load back with mixer controls and nearly crushed when it came back downthinking back, all my near misses and injuries have been around this guy
812338Refuse to work with him again or see if you can get another job.We don't want you dead, anon.
812250because you're a laborer. you are literally on the same level as shit to a stone mason. they dont want to tell you that legally they can't even ask you to carry something weighing over 7kg by yourself.
812325stabbing with a broken bottlestandard glassing used to be you thrust a pint glass into somebody's face.it wasn't broken until it made contact.
812350standard glassingMan, there's an array of glassing now? How do I learn this stuff; do the EDL offer any OU courses?
812370EDLspend a few weeks up in Scotland, you'll pick it up.standard glassing is just a glassing.a bottle isn't a glass i know its made of glass, and a 'glass' pint glass wouldn't be easy to hold as a weapon after you smash it.never heard anyone refer to a bottle stabbing as a glassing.you could say using a bottle either intact or smashed was a bottling, but nowadays people say bottling when you throw bottles rather than smash/stab which is a bit cowardly
805625I feel sorry for the person who had to fish him out out of the batch.
812372Riddick did it.
812663Technically it was a tin teacup.
809581Oh God Worker cleaning silo fatally engulfed in cement.Horrible horrible way to go
812720How would that one get classified then?Tinned or cupped?
812727All of the "fatally engulfed" ones are horrible, but potentially wet cement would be especially terrible.
812853Cement could be referring to just about any adhesive though.
812921..and, exactly which adhesive would Sir personally find preferable to drown in?its not the best way, anon.
810443electrocuting himselfHe would have died from a heart attack if…So he wasn't electrocuted then?
812853I think narrowly escaping the ground animals just to burst to the surface, gasp for air, just in time to see the door closeno air in lungscan't scream because out of airdoor closescooked aliveout of the freezer and into the frying pan.
813009expecting a navyfag to understand what happens when you're electrocuted
812934Well, I'm not that guy, and it's not adhesive.But I wouldn't mind in a batch of Nutella or whatever the cream filling of Kinder Bueno bars it.If I had to go drowning, those would be the ones I'd choose.
811813I think it really depends on the country, i must say that there arent many shitty motorcycle riders in the netherlands and that is reflected in motorcycle related deaths i guess
813054does elocution mean talking someone to death?
810443Oh, and I know a guy who got 3rd degree burns to his face and mouth because he was in the arctic and did the "lick a pole" thing outside, only to have his tongue stick to it and require a buddy of his to heat it up with a propane torch.811804To check what the third shift would do, obviously.
813592810443Oh, and I know a guy who got 3rd degree burns to his face and mouth because he was in the arctic and did the "lick a pole" thing outside, only to have his tongue stick to it and require a buddy of his to heat it up with a propane torch.tfw forgot to add txt2poastDid he apply the torch to the guys face? Why not heat it up as far away from his face as possible? Fug.
813593frostbite is sometimes called burns. and/or tradeoff between frostbite nose and burned tongue.
806498Same here. I'm one of the health/safety coordinators at my company and we work with/around some seriously dangerous shit. A no bullshit safety culture is the only way to keep people safe day to day.
809616I'm goddamned terrified of lathes.
809833Sadly this is true. That and in their pathetic juvenile culture giving a fuck about safety isn't "manly."
813765I respect all tools in the shop, but only the lathe truly terrifies my. It will grab you by the arm and skin you alive before you can even scream.
813765813771I've probably gotten waaay too comfortable with lathes. What really terrifies me are moulding shapers and jointers.
813733Ah, good point.
I work at my families auto shop / towing companyHaven't had a single injury outside of small cuts for 4 yearsOne day we fire a guyHe calls the Ministry and says we're unsafe as shitTries to claim that we fired him after he hurt himselfIn reality he fell off a ladder at home and didn't show up for a week and never said anything4 people from the ministry show up to do an inspectionReally hammer away at EVERYTHINGFined for having a small pile of dirt in the cornerFined for having a small drop of oil on the groundFined for having an extension cord on the ground, despite the fact that it was clearly plugged into somethingFined because out ladders weren't off the ground or otherwise secured And the best part? They showed up well I was doing vehicle roll-over training and fined us because we were working beside it and it wasn't secured to prevent it from falling on us. Of course, all these fines magically disappeared when one of our guys showed them a text that mr angry had sent him saying he fell off a ladder at home.
810003wow, that's something that happened
I've worked at Graham Packaging in the past, surely some of you have worked there/heard of itThey have an absolute zero tolerance policy about LOTO. If you're caught not following proper protocol, you're done, fired, cookedIf you get injured on the job, generally speaking it's your fault and you won't have a job with Graham anymoreWe can pretend it's because they give a fuck about you as a person, but it's got way more to do with insurance
805625I think people commit suicide on the low. They just keep the issue to themselves and go out in a non-obvious way because of shame.
814144Apparently it happens enough, yes.
814254suicide is one of the leading causes of death.that's only known suicides. how many car accidents, and other accidents, are spur of the moment decisions to die?suicide may in fact account for over half of all human deaths.
809988its not the guns you legally have, its the society you guys nurture that brings people into the situation where they consider murdering another person as an option so much more often. europe has that, too, but so much less. explain that.
814291its the society you guys nurture that brings people into the situation where they consider murdering another person as an option so much more often.lol
814291Pretty sure you got your fill after both world wars
814269This is why elevators have had interior doors since like 1890 in developed countries.
814355I assumed related pic was paternoster related. No doors, and still a few around.
814136You remind me of a family story. My uncle runs a university chemistry lab.Working with nanomaterials back before they were a big thingNew enough that nobody knows how dangerous they areThis thing might cause a a slow, horrible death. Maybe does nothingHe runs a very safe, super safety-conscious lab, no serious accidents everAnother lab on campus has a serious accident, student is maimedAdministration pushes new safety initiativeCalls a surprise inspection of all labs with a notoriously harsh inspectorThis inspector is known for always finding *something* to citeThis is a point of pride for the inspectorSafety record is a point of pride for my uncleBattle of the titans commencesInspector searches high and lowUncle is doing cutting-edge enough shit that he has to explain lab equipment to the inspector and their safety practices they've internally developedInspector is impressedFinds and cites uncle for having a box of expired band-aids in first aid kitAll of the labs on campus were cited for something. His was the only lab that didn't have a serious citation. The dean apologized to him afterward. The inspector said that he ran a shockingly safe laboratory considering that all of his workers had minimal lab experience relative to industrial labs undergrads and grad students.
811820Why the fuck are they sending iron or heavy pallet loads in a closed truck? Company is fucking stupid.
810530Underrated post.
814372university chemistry labLet's not get started on that: http://pipeline.corante.com/archives/how_not_to_do_it/
814269Paternosterhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhFI_6Mrg6k
814538there is a special thrill for riders who traverse the top or bottomlarge cogwheels and chirning chains are visiblewhat the fuckwhy would you want that shit to be accessible?
814538https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCmGz8zgGJc
814291most stabbings in world aside from africa
814629boring as fuck814538this led me to believe compartment would get flipped upside down.
814629https://youtu.be/9ZFwU11iIQs?t=152
Work at a wholesale clubbasically just a warehouse with food and assorted dumbass shitCustomer wants 8x10 rug, can't get it out of the crate, I get to help as designated tall/semi-muscular guyLift rug from crate, cardboard tubing begins to slide out and catch edge of crate, lift higher to try and compensateRug catches a loose crossbeam in the steel above it. Hear it slip out and start to fall.See it coming at my faceCATCH THE FUCKER ONE HANDEDIt wasn't heavy, like 15lbs max, but it was coming from a reasonable height, had some hard edges, and was aimed straight for my face. I proceeded to note the other pieces of loose steel up there, get the rug for the customer, scream at the MOD for yet another blatant oversight occurring, and have a smoke.
814538I'm going to be spending a few months in germany soon, are there any left near Stuttgart I could take a look at?
http://detroit.cbslocal.com/2014/09/03/criminal-charges-not-likely-in-deadly-accident-at-menards-store/One from last year. Another source states the wife and her lawyer are attempting to sue Menards for one hundred million dollars.
816109The Michigan Occupational Safety and Health Administration was notified of the incident but likely will not conduct its own independent investigation because the accident did not directly involve an employee, officials said.Um, okay. So employees and companies can do stupid crap and as long as an *employee* doesn't die, that's okay? What odd logic.
816116No. It's just not OSHA's job to investigate those cases.sue Menards for one hundred million dollarsNice gold digging there.
816119Asked how much money he intends to seek in damages from Menards, Fieger [wife's lawyer] responded: “There aren’t enough zeroes on your typewriter.”
809973
Any good drunkard or hungover employee stories?
816116816129I worked at a menards where an employee paralyzed a lady by dropping some crates on her. Allegedly it was the largest lawsuit in the company at the time. Everyone sweating about their bonuses. Turns out store was still profitable everyone gets their bonus. Tragic yes but goddamn that was a nice check. And I've met some of their lawyers funny as shit but those dudes are like death claws.
816109816119816129Feiger can be an alright guy, as evidenced by him defending Kevorkian, but jesus it's always GIMME INFINITY DOLLARS, SHITLORD.
816180their is an art to lawsuits...give it some time to settle out... he has no reason to name a serious number now... they will set some insanely high number for it to go to trial, and then depending on how that goes they'll either risk it and the judge or jury decides... or menards will try to settle out of court for a lower amount. either way if your going through the trouble of a trial you may as well start out by setting the bar high.
816398Oh no, I know. Feiger just has a reputation as a bit of an ambulance chaser.
810046well, there's a whole lot of people in the country, it can't be too surprising.
809581Worker delivering pizza fatally stabbed during robberyIf only he had remembered LOTO...
811206We get tired of hearing the same old meme. Cars kill three times as many people per year by accident as guns do on purpose. McDonalds kills more people every 8 days than guns do all year. Marlboro has roughly the same kill rate. Lay off the guns and focus on the real problems, will ya?
816109I worked at Home Depot a few years ago. Guy at another store got gun over by the large LP forklift. Shattered his leg. Got a multiple million dollar pay off as settlement.
809581The machinery of capitalism is oiled by the blood of the workers.
805625cause loto is for pussies
812338He's trying to kill you m8.
805689So? Then you slap them with a hostile workplace suit for creating an environment that promotes unsafe practices. Eventually, all the fuckheads get fired and things get done right rather than "right now". I'm not risking life and limb just to be popular. They don't give a shit about my life, I don't give a shit about their bottom line.
816025Paternosters, still-working, etc.http://www.flemming-hamburg.de/patlist.htm- in german, but, scroll down till Stuttgart, you get the idea, few addresses with still working xamples, or GoogTrans it.bits in red - "nicht offentlich zugänglich" - means officially, a working Paternoster, but only for employees, not open to the public - in practice, most of the good ones still working are in German Gubment/Public Office buildings, and no-one really GAF if you want a look, usually - and if you do get pulled up? - just explain, you are a Paternoster fan, etc.Stuttgart also used to have the worlds highest Paternoster -http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tagblatt-Turm- you missed it by about 50-odd years tho, pagans swapped it for a lift.
817103And then you get wrote up for being 2 minutes late, for going to lunch a few minutes early, and then for something else and get fired. They then immediately replace you.
809581Worker operating welding machine killed by arc flashSheeit.
817136I'd rather be fired than dead. It's not worth the pay. Also, I'm never late, always take my lunches at the prescribed times and they haven't got shit on me. I'm basically perfect, while they're doing shit that's illegal and will get them prison time.
817176I think it was his point that they'll start making shit up to write you up over.
817103817136817176817188pretty much this. managers know that employees are weakminded fools. and that you have responsibilities like high maintenance waifus and mortgages. cant afford to get fired.so enters the beligerant manager. in australian mines, managers get paid a set amount and then penalties come out of that for every hour of downtime. you can imagine why locking out machinery would cause downtime and major butthurt. the person in charge of making sure that everybody is LOTO should definitely not be receiving incentives that would encourage them to discourage safe working practices. with our shitty working laws, everybody is a contractor essentially. so liability falls entirely on the worker. their contracts are on a per week basis. so doing whatever you're told is essential.
809581Worker fatally beaten and strangled.Worker fatally injured by bear.Employee fatally shot by coworker.Worker died from multiple bee stingsWorker struck and killed by ice in ice roomWorker fatally shot x6
didnt LOTOhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHriwdaEbms
810565That's heart warming. Man does the right thing in face of boss. Boss probably got told by bigger boss to stop being an idiot.
809581Jesus fucking christ.
809581Jesus fucking shitchrist, there are multiple entries a day, some's only a few weeks old.3 people will die at work today. They probably already have.Shit.
817280~157,000,000 people go to work today3 don't come homeI'd say we're doing pretty damn good
817285Considering the list does not include those who come home permanently disabled, let alone those who can somehow return to work after a year in hospital, I wouldn't celebrate the death toll that much.
817287anything other than loss of life doesn't matter
817285settling for anything greater than 0 accidents and fatalities...it's like you want to be third world
817294Yeah, seems to be a common view on 4chan. Because, you know, there are those medical kits lying around everywhere which restore you to 100% health in no time.
817301Trying to force overbearing safety on 100% of the workforce because 0.0000001% are dumbness that will get hurt/killed anyway.Why. I swear if I get on one more jobsite that has tenants in sandals and shorts but I still need full PPE + gloves and color tape my chargers to work on my laptop or tablet, I'm going to have a fucking aneurysm.
817361Dumbasses* autocorrect.
817361They'd only have OSHA investigate the cause of your aneurysm.
817280More than 3 people will die just driving to/from work each day.
809581PIzzaman stabbed during robbery, shouldn't we lockout tagout niggers?
805625i have no idea wtf is lockedout tag out?
805625I just googled this, wtf is this? Some sort of automated power cut off for people who are too retarded to press the off button or remove the plug themselves?This shit is useless, people who dont get the concept of taking out the plug before working on the inside of a machine shouldnt be allowed to even be near any machine
817414817415Try reading the fucking thread before posting, you fucking retard - start here:805672- which was also about the fourth post - which was obv. too much to hope for, you could read that far.
817414817415Are you dense? I never worked in the industry and hadn't heard about loto before this thread, but it's pretty damn obvious.Lock out: put lock on machine controls so someone else can't start it while you're working on itTag out: put personal details on a tag on the lock so they know who locked it and who to look for if it needs to be started again.
817415Are you the sort of person who waves power tools around while they're spinning, "because it's faster"?
817415So you googled it and still couldn't understand it? Who's the retard here, it's obviously not automated as the question at hand is why people don't do it.
I run furnaces at a areospace repair shop.If you get seen not locking out something even for reaching in a furnace where your head enters the confined space there is a near miss investigation and disciplinary action taken. 2 people have been terminated in the 5 months i've been there.Safest place I've ever worked.
817415... You realize this is for machines big enough there is no plug? they're wired directly into the mains. LOTO is going to the breaker on the machine, flipping it off, and locking it with a padlock for LO or with a zip tie tag for TO so the next idiot on shift doesn't go, "Why not work? oh, breaker flipped. must have been power surge. I fix." BLADES ERRYWHERE.Of course, it takes time to get behind the machine and get at the breaker box and then fix it when you're done. 5 mins per machine, if you've got to wipe down 50 machines and it would take 2 mins of work, LOTO people take 6 hrs, risky idiots take 2. Guess who manager yells at, because the line is off and slows production?
805650Unfortunately what you said is correct in many cases. You can have all of the safety procedures and lockouts you want but in the end workplace politics dictates.
818036true but not correct
817415Yeh my machine at work is hardwired to 440v. And plumbed with a 500psi air system. it's also big enouph for me to crawl inside and get crushed.Theoretically with all of the door safety switches it shouldn't be possible to start up while I'm working on it, but anything is possible. Also lets say some malicious asshole wants to see what a human milkshake looks like. they could easily shut the door on me and start it up. Also someone could come along and turn the air pressure back on while I'm working on the air system, I don't really want my eyes getting blown out of their sockets.
817415You're in high school, aren't you?
Buddy of one of my buddies is in MarinesBesides sweet marine cargo pants, I got a S&G 951Use it for LOTOOne day, LOTO some 480v stuffGit to werk checking printsFinish werkGet back to panelSome joker's trying to snip my lock with a bolt cutterShroud's making it impossibleFinally gets purchaseCranks downBolt cutter breaksI roll upHe gets firedFortunately I was already out of the panel by the time this guy decided to cut the lock, but still gives me chills.
809581Worker fatally crushed between platesin filter press.goddamn
818381$1000 padlocksaved your life possiblyguess its worth it after all.
809581worker struck and killed by chain
818399$1500ftfy
810559I used to do that to access locked-out floors on my college campus. You don't have to bypass anything, just make a drop key.
811475What happens to stowaways who are caught? I would imagine, since they're stowing away and nobody knows where they are and the crew isn't supposed to know about them anyway, that the crew would have no reason not to just kill them. Are stowaways usually killed, or thrown overboard? Or just imprisoned and turned over to authorities?
818809 the crew would have no reason not to just kill themI really hope that was a sad attempt at funny and that you aren't really this retarded.
814358I thought there were only like one or two paternosters still working, and then only as historical curiosities. Do they really still use these things?
818381He gets fired10/10 ending. I hope it was made perfectly clear to the special buffoon precisely how much a fucking moron he was and precisely why he was being fired.
805625how can this be possible ?every company have security rules the unique answer is that man was stoned to death
Hello guys.I bought these lights. If you connect it to the usb it is a lantern, but I would like to convert it in a battery feeded lantern.Do you know if I could do so with a capacitor? If so, how?
818743look up schematics of usb port on googles, attach a 5v battery correctly, with a 300ohm resistor in series,done
Get a cheap power bank with USB output, that's the easiest way.Resistors are already on that PCB as it is designed to run of 5V, so connecting like 4AA cells in series with correct polarity will also work.
Yes, I know it.I have also tested in a powerbank, but what I would like is to keep it as small as posible,
You're being too vague. Why do you need exactly these lights if you were going for portability and size? Capacitor wont do. Their voltage drops linearly as they discharge. This can be countered with DC-DC converter, but it is very inefficient and the run times will be minuscule compared to any batteries.
818776I bought them on the bay and I thought it was usb rechargable. Unfortunately they aren't.BTW, my phone has USB OTG, would it work there?
818755/thread
could I do so with a capacitorNo I thought it was usb rechargableWhere would the battery be?
All right, I will start my own thread then.Can you successfully and correctly self-install one of these A/C units?would you recommend as a replacement aGoodman GPH1436H413 Ton, 14 SEER Self-Contained Packaged Heat Pump, Dedicated HorizontalOrGoodman GPH1536M413 Ton, 15 SEER Self-Contained Packaged Heat Pump, R-410A Refrigerant?? both are R410 and come pre-charged as I understand it.This is for a south-texas doublewide install. I am being quoted upwards of $5k for an A/C install, I think the quotes are insane. Not trying to be a cheapstake here but for $5k I can put two window units ON EACH ROOM and still have money left over. House is a 28*54 used doublewide moved to a rural area. I have done all the plumbing myself water and septic, as well as electric. Again, I realize its a LITERAL pain in the ass crawling all day below the house, but it is most definitely not a $5k kind of pain.Anybody has any ideas of what will I need to install one of these self-contained units myself?
817502Shows why you you are incapable of /diy/ this install.Double wide, has it been switched to standard duct work? Oh, noes, it hasn't, so it still has the high pressure/velocity ductwork, good luck getting either unit to perform correctly.Two, where you going to get the unit from? Internet? No warranty there. Good luck getting it passed by local code inspectors, unit is not approved for manufactured housing units.Why did you decide 3 tons? Because previous unit was 3 Tons? How do you know that was correctly installed and not slapped in by jimmy in the station wagon?I personally know everything you need to install one, and make it run correctly. But this is /diy/, not /spoonfeed fucktard 20+ years of experience in field/.
817510Goodman GPH1436H41Shows why you are incapable of helping a DIY question.These units are made for mobile homes with the high static pressure ducts configuration.should brush up on CURRENT A/C techJimmy does not come by anymore. Told him to beat it with his shoddy worksmanship and his "I do it that way because its the way everybody does it" shitty attitude. BTW, the bastard still recharges his a/c every summer "because old gas stops cooling"... instead of fixing the damn leaks.Why 3 TonsBecause there is something called the BTU/ heat load chart that is easily calculated with a simple google search.no warranty cause you rednecked the install yourself blahblahThe vendors include a 10 year warranty on their equipment.local inspectorswhat local inspectors?I personally know everythingWell, good for you and your 20-year old knowledge. At least you made pappy proud for a moment there. Will you excuse me if I decide not to finance your new A/C guy uniforms for this year? I am sure you can do the same job without your name in italics on your chest. money is tight you know...Anybody outthere actually willing to HELP a diy'er with their experiences?
817536Kek
Package units are 'window' units that don't go in the window. It sucks air in one hole and pushes it out another after 'conditioning' it heat or cool.It will require some sheet metal work to connect to your duct-work.Level the set up area.Put down whatever style base you choose.Build adapters and connect ducts.Run thermostat wire.Connect thermostat.Connect to electrical service.Turn it on.It can be done by someone who is 'handy' with somewhat advanced electrical and mechanical work.You're in Texas - probably a bit of a redneck - you should be 'good to go'any steps i left out will become obvious once you start the project
why did you make a new thread?
817502http://www.alpinehomeair.com/related/IO-394E.pdfLooks like something any muppet who can follow a manual can drop in. No more complicated than "building" a PC.
817536817538817574817579817597And you see why I told OP h was incapable of doing it himself. Any /diy/er could see in about one minute of looking, what would be needed to install a package unit.As far as warranty goes, good luck. It will not be under warranty at any local supply house. You will have to hope some internet reseller will still be in business and will honor that "warranty" three or four years later. Notto mention if they require proof of installation by a qualified company, protip, your ass ain't a "qualified company".
817625Inspection, yes. Installation, no.http://www.alpinehomeair.com/view.cfm?objID=EF90B5D5-ABF4-43EF-91EB-1D6019A0E079
817574Thank You, that is what I had figured so far. Feelsgoodman.jpg having someone else confirm it.817579Did not want to hi-jack the one in which the R-22 unit had a leak and was going to cost him an arm and a leg to have the unit serviced/recharged.817597I am a master DIY Muppet, thank you. I do read instruction manuals and follow them to the letter. Everything has worked out excellently so far, so I intend on doing this install as per the book so to speak.817625See, that is why you are so butthurt. In your old age you realized you got assbroken by the career institute you went to with the intent of being a "Prufessiunal A/C guy". You realize that like others have said, any MUPPET who can read can install these on their own - suddenly you are no better than a Jimmy with a beat up station wagon who can read instructions.  TFW Suddenly you realize that any baboon with with google can do what you charge $250 an hour forIt must suck to be you. 20 years wasted. Time to learn a new craft to see you thru your old age. Learn to Javascript, or php at least. Try to stay above the MUPPET level on your skills.As far as warranty goes, good luckHURRDURR. this aint the 70's anymore bub.Your door-to-door salesman scare tactics do not work. Any MUPPET would know that even if you installed and warranted the system your self 'cause I got patches, racing stripes and shit on my unitard, I am a prufessiunal... you would still scam into charging for the service call and any shipping/handling of the replacement parts. Any MUPPET here knows the scam, that is why we are all DIY'ers.817642Any Local A/C guy with the aforementioned decals/racingstripes/prufessiunal designation will be jumping at the bit for an easy $300 for "inspecting" an install. They have nothing to lose, and its easy money for them, peace of mind for me.
My local "pros" fucked up my install ductwork resulting in ponding and rust through. I brought a nice nicer because free, collect all you can! sheet of stainless by my local machinist bro, bent it on his brake, then bonded and sealed it with automotive structural adhesive which passes NHTSA crash tests. My house could burn down but that panel would survive in the ashes.
817625Station wagon Jimmy says hi
817934Proof that there is a Jimmy on his Station wagon behind every "pro" shop with racingstripes.
817949'But muh license and shit!!!
this whole thread is hilarious.a few points...1. the difference between a good install that will work for decades, and a terrible install that will be dead in a few years and cost just as much to fix then as it does to put in now is pretty slim and can usually be defined as "that thing you didn't know how to do and didn't know to ask about"2. even jimmy with his station wagon learned a few good practices and tricks to keep himself in business... 3. the difference between jimmy with his station wagon and old jaded hvac guy is that jimmy most likely screwed his customers learning this and moved on, whereas jaded hvac guy either put in the time upfront to not have these problems, or fixed them properly rather than just not answering his phone when they called to try and get him back out.4. part of good diy sense is knowing when to try it yourself and when your in over your head.... 5. regardless of what I post here op gonna do what op gonna do.. 6. I do appliance repair, have seen WAY more jobs where homeowners tried fixing it themselves and made it worse than I have where homeowners made it better...7. keep in mind the absolute worst scenario for you here is that it dies next year and the warranty company says since you didn't have it properly installed they won't honor the warranty... yes you could sue.. no this would not be worth your time or money in the end... so really your options at that point are "do without ac for a while" or "pay for a brand new one" ... if your prepared for either of those possible consequences then go for it.
8180876. I do appliance repair, have seen WAY more jobs where homeowners tried fixing it themselves and made it worse than I have where homeowners made it better...Okay, I've seen this argument so many times, and I have to point out...maybe that's because the ones that fix the problem don't fucking call you? Because...you know...they fixed the problem?
818089Exactly, when was the last fucking time someone called you out because it wasn't broken?
817510817536817929Fuck yeah, fuck HVAC guy
818089gonna have to agree with this guy.
818092go to check work orders for today... 1 stop has 5 appliances... get to house, lady says "the washers making a weird noise, and since your here I want you to check everything else out the stove, dryer, fridge, and dishwasher... they're all working fine, but since your here I want you to check them out anyway" get at least two of these a month.or "my warranty is up in a month, nothings really wrong with it I just want you to look at to make sure nothing goes wrong with it after the warranty is up"is another really common one...818089fair enough, I don't have the metrics to know how many people try and fix their own equipment and succeed.. but their are only so many people out there that will try this... and I'm swamped with work from those that failed... sometimes horribly... the main reason I say this and why in my opinion most hvac threads go to shit is because if you do this stuff for a living you see a long steady stream of people who thought they could try and do it themselves, and then you have to give them terrible news that they've fucked it up and it's expensive to fix... just today I had a customer who's washer door wouldn't open.. so they forced it, in doing so they cracked the latch off... bosch only sells this door as 1 whole assembly for about 200$... the reason the door wouldn't open was because their was a sock in the drain pump... and until the water level dropped it won't unlock... so for that customer it went from a quick 80$ fix that would have taken me about 20 minutes tops... to a 300$ fix.. hvac and sealed system work in particular has a lot of things that are easy to get wrong and will usually end with expensive equipment failing... and yeah, there are hacks out there who will charge you to install it and then fuck it up themselves.. but I doubt that they'd be going out of there way to answer questions about it on an imageboard...
818097continuedthe folk you do get on here who post about it end up being like HVAC guy... whos opinion that I agree with in this case is that OP is more likely to screw it up somehow while installing it because he doesn't know how to do this and the manual will only get you so far since it's intended for use by someone who does installs for a living... he just lacks the proper social skills or possibly is just out of fucks to give to explain this without sounding like an asshole... at the same time OP here in my opinion has already decided what he's gonna do... I sincerely hope it works out for him... because this shits expensive to fix and it might not be immediately apparent that your fucking it up horribly... or it may be immediately apparent that you've fucked it up, but it's too late to fix because it's broken now....
4chan is happy to tell someone to mix ammonia and bleach for a fun science project, but there's never any good information in the HVAC threads because "we don't want anyone to get hurt".I think it's the HVAC guild trying to keep trade secrets and protect their racket. Don't want anyone learning a little too much and deciding they don't have to pay an "expert" to do the same thing.
818107I don't really care if you hurt yourself. you want advise without credentials and your going to have to sift through it and decide whats good and whats bull.the idea that theirs some kind of organized hvac cabal thats trying to keep this knowledge from the common rabble is hilarious though... fuck it's not even organized enough to get the obvious hacks and frauds out of the damn business....
818111I wonder whos behind this post...
817929Yeppers, let's see you solder any joints in a split system. Let's see you design and make and install a proper duct system.Let's see you install a rheem or ruud split heat pump and try to figure out why it won't heat properly in heat pump mode.sorry chump, but this field is doing nothing but getting more lucrative by the day.I make ~55 bucks a pound on R-22 and go through ~45 30 pound jugs a summer.Good luck finding someone with a HVAC license, capable of pulling a permit, for a /diy/ install, to even bother to piss on you for 300 bucks much less put his license on the line for your install.
818099out of fucks really.More than happy to help out an anon when the problem is within the realm of what I figure they can fix.Too much shit is not in the manual, and that is the stuff that fucks folks over. Can't tell you how many times I have had folks in the field, with licenses, pay me to come out and diagnose their issue with installs and service calls. I did a swap out the other day and got bit on the ass when it came time to set the charge. Could not get it charged right.Took me almost two hours to finally figure out the homeowner had removed, patched and reinstalled the out insulation on several return ducts he had removed. SOB had less than 200cfm of return air for a 2 ton system.So when OP installs his system and it doesn't work right, then what is he going to do.And I have reached the limit for what the HVAC/R cartel will pay me for posting for the day, so good night.
818153I have reached the limit for what the HVAC/R cartel will pay me for posting for the daykek
this whole thread. holy shit. lmaoisn't there some youtube channel dedicated to this sort of thing?
818153What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in HVAC-R, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed installs. I am trained in Heating, Ventilation, AND Airconditioning, AND basic electricty, ALL THREE PHASES, and I’m the top tin snipper in the entire US. You are nothing to me but just another rookie. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of engineers across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that freezes your pipes and floods your house. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my tin snips. Not only am I extensively trained in snip combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Plumbers, Pipefitter & Refrigeration Union and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
818107A subset of psychologically damaged 4chan users are happy to tell someone to mix ammonia and bleach for a fun science project.FTFY. Fuck you for lumping me in with that particular heap of wasted flesh and gore.  but there's never any good information in the HVAC threads because "we don't want anyone to get hurt".And the people telling you "dude, no" are the same ones telling people not to mix ammonia and bleach. They know the chemistry, they know the results, but they know any explanation to the person who does not know will generally go in ear and out the other, wasting everyone's time. Same with HVAC and other "complex" systems around the home. Yeah, you can recharge your AC, but do you know where the hole is? Is it worth dumping in a bunch of gas at this point when that compressor is telling me it's going to shit the bed in a few minutes? There are two types of posters on /diy/. Those who have studied a subject enough to know there are pitfalls they need to know and ask about before they cement their final plan, and those that don't care, they just want to here someone say "yes, good idea", even if that one yes is drowned out by a sea of no. So fuck you, they're going to recharge that AC, and when the compressor shits the bed, it's going to be someone elses fault because that one guy on the internet told me not to worry about, and confirmation bias. Fuck you for telling me I'm wrong! If you choose to ignore that advice and melt a lung or set your house on fire, all we can say is "I told you so"818111 I don't really care if you hurt yourself. you want advise without credentials and your going to have to sift through it and decide whats good and whats bull.Fucking this. If the last thing you do before taking info from 4chan onboard is not running it through as many search engines as you can muster, you are doing it wrong. But hey, I guess that's why half the peons on this board end up here anyway. Can't into search.
818111So what exactly is it that you're doing here?You've never in your life actually helped anyone; all you do is tell people not to try anything because it's far too difficult. You introduced yourself with "I'd like my dick sucked, AMA", and then when no-one did, all you've done is be wrong about basic physics, and try to discourage anyone not in the club from doing elementary work on the sacred machines.If you're not here to do exactly what 818107 described, then why are you?
818147They don't even need to inspect it; they just need to hand over a sheet of paper saying they have.
818482HVAC contractors do not inspect shit. They pull a permit and a local government official comes out and inspects it.You level of ignorance on this basic fact shows you are too stupid to do what you want to do.
818537Your assumption that permits are required everywhere and government officials give a shit what I do on my private property in the county shows your level of ignorance on basic facts of life.
818538The federal government requires certain standards when it comes to SEER/EER and Efficiency for gas and oil furnaces. And since you obviously don't comprehend, those standards require inspection by qualified government officials, all over the USA.Keep posting though, I enjoy a chance to make money posting for the HVAC/R cartel
817502Do all the ducts and shit yourself, but I'd have someone put the unit in. They have the tools u prob don't to get the air out of all the tubes and shit. My dad is in his 50s, always did everything himself. 'Someone else can do it, i can probably do it, and better because i care about my own stuff'. He replaced the hvac ducts in his crawlspace after they got flooded in a hurricane. His cousin does a/c. Called him for help. He told my dad he should put the ducts in the attic. So he fuckin does. Has his cousin put in the ac unit. Watched him do it. When it was all done says 'i coulda done that myself, but it's not worth buying the tools for just one job'
818548Your posts are all shit because you're so full of it.I can buy a furnace tomorrow, hook it up during the day and have heat from it tomorrow night WITH NO INSPECTIONS OR PERMITS.
8185545k is normal price for a new unit install. Our company is like 6k but everyone in the area only fucks with us because we have the most knowledgeable hardworking techs.
818554And? Doesn't mean it is legal or done properly. All that shows is there needs to be stronger measures in place to prevent unqualified people from buying potentially deadly pieces of equipment.There is that case of the pool heater. www.dailykos.com/story/2013/06/18/1216978/-Three-people-killed-in-NC-hotel-by-CO-leaking-pool-heater-installed-without-a-permitStuff can be deadly,and most /diy/ folks ain't up to par.
818480You've never in your life actually helped anyonelol how would you know if I've helped someone or not? how would you expect me to prove or disprove this? motherfuck.... it's anonymous man...I'm on here because it's fun. and also I'm not your aforementioned hvac guy anyway. and as has been said a few times in here sometimes the best advice is to advise against doing something...jesus it's like those self surgery threads.... if you've got a passing familiarity with this stuff you can look at it and just see that the odds of it turning out good are pretty much null....if by some random chance you meet a woman, and get her knocked up... I hope ... sincerely hope, that 8.5 months later you don't hop on diy and start posting "how do I deliver baby?, I've got a plunger and a fresh roll of paper towels so I'm pretty much good to go, what am I forgetting?" .... because thats basically what op is doing with his aircon in this thread....
818551Good vacuum pump from HFT will run you $150 tops these days, professional install will be higher.
81751020 years experience to plug in an appliancetop kekI dont know how an ex-con can feel so cocky about being able to read brochures.
818688818551The unit is self-contained, and comes pre-gassed. All OP has to do is hook it up to power, ducts, and a thermostat.All you guys had to do was read the thread.
818097818099818682you're not anonymous...their can't be ANYONE else in the world that writes like you and is allowed out unsupervised...
Hey there diy,So I made a gun rack whiskey rack thing... This is my first time ever using a hammer outside of hanging things up or a saw.I moved in to a new place and lots of stuff was left over - including a couple pallets, a saw, a jigsaw, some stain and pre stain.I've never used the tools, never stained before. And there was no sand paper.I decided to say fuck it and try things out and figure it out as I go. No instructions just see what I can do.This is the end result of the first piece. I'm putting on a door that opens parallel with the floor that will be able to hold a shot glass and such. I think this will be pretty neat. What do you think for a first timer, /Diyarbakir/?
817759/Diyarbakir/?Autocorrect...
817769What monstrous language do you speak where that is in your autocorrect dictionary?
Not bad for not knowing the hell you were doing, but kinda oversized for shot glasses, eh?
817794I'm American. No clue how that happened817806No, whiskey bottles go in the rack at the bottom. There will be a shelf going across the middle where the shot glasses will go.Any advice on staining, any obvious mistakes here? I'm really enjoying doing this and want to make a lot more things in the future.Unfortunately when my dad tried to get me to do projects like this, I wanted to play video games instead. Unfortunately he passed away 4 years ago, so now I have no one to go to for fatherly advice.
817806Also should I apply more stain? What type of brushes do you recommend? I just got an old T shirt and cut it up, but it wouldn't hold stain after a couple goes. Also aluminum siding nails are not going into this wood very well, but it's all I had.Also, staining it before I put it together seems like a better idea. Would just make it easier, right? Or should you stain it in parts after bits of it are assembled?
817839I stain with brushes and a rag. Cheap dollar store chip brushes if it's oil based I hate cleaning up oil based and my better brushes if it's water based. Apply stain, wait, wipe off with rag in the direction of the grain. Simple. How much and how long are entirely up to you but the can should have a recommendation.And you'll want to stain AFTER your're done with everything else. Assemble, sand then stain.
817759nice first project. I would however attempt to cut all the horizontal planks to equal length
817968I left those there as extra support, would it not need that? I guess it isn't too much weight. Four whiskey bottles and an old side by side shotgun.
817838arbakirturrists happend, dispatching van now.
817759Inshallah my fellow /Diyarbakir/ those infidels will get what was coming to them
817839Cut up t-shirts are what I use for apply and wipe down. Just follow directions on can.
817759i like the rough wood look on your whiskey rack, good work anon!
Where can I get drawing and schmatics to build my own R2 unit? I've checked online and only find sites that want me to buy their parts.
Look up "R2D2: How to Build / Make a life sized R2-D2 Droid Robot Fully Autonomous" on blogspot by poster Julian Blackmore
In a galaxy far, far away...
818750Well the first thing you must acquire to build an R2D2 replica is this elusive thing called 'an imagination'. They're apparently quite rare these days, good luck finding one.
I want to make some chain mail and the guides I've read all use rings made from coiled wire. I read that the best chain mail is made differently and the rings are somehow fastened. Does anyone know how to make that kind?
818697I believe you're talking about riveted chainmail.And it's pretty much made exactly how it looks. Rings made. Ends flattened together. Hole punched into them. Put onto another ring. Rivet smashed into the holes. Repeat.As you might also expect, it takes for-fucking-ever to do this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_NdBxcj-OI
818704That seems to be what I'm looking for, but does flattening the whole ring make the mail stronger or easier to work with at all?
818709Flattening the ring made it much more strong, that's why you must anneal it before punch the rivet hole; otherwise you can ruin the tool you are using.You must anneals before flattening AND before punch the hole, depending on the diameter of the wire. the ring must glows red-yellow for some minutes and cools slowly. I am making mail with a 2 mm wire i am european, and even if the ring is flattened and annealed, punching the hole is a pain in the ass.
818704818697You can also just spot weld the rings. That is what I do. It is far easier. You can even DIY up a super cheap ring welder from an old transformer.
Not sure if this is the correct place to post this, but I was curious all the same. If I wanted to paint this image on the faceplate of my 3DS how would I go about doing that correctly, in regards to scale, paints used, ect. Without messing up too badly. I would like to start tonight using some of my enamel model paints which work well on plastic. I am most worried about the image cracking or fading.Thanks.
Saw this a while ago, it may help youhttp://imgur.com/gallery/Mcf1t
818707THAENKS
Hey /diy/. I have a leatherman rebar that has some rust spots on it. I don't have the tools needed to take it apart Could I soak it in apple cider vinegar? I know you can unrust tools with that, but i'm not sure weather or not it would fuck it up.
818486only if you have oil to oil it afterwards
818486Scotch pad removes rust.
818486Is the rust on either the knife or serrated knife?If so, these knives are supposed to be 420HC steel, which is a form of stainless steel. You could take advantage of the warranty since the blades are supposed to be rust-proof. They'd likely send you a refurbished Rebar.
818486Hit it with fine steel wool
I clean and oil mine with CLP
A good long vinegar soak will soften the rust to an icky sludge. You'll still have to remove it mechanically, by wiping it off with something. But it'll be really easy at that point.Actually, carbonated water/soda/etc works for this too, just takes forever multiple weeks, depending on rust level.Easiest fix for light rust is steel wool, takes about 30 seconds. No need for a soak treatment unless it's rusted into the joints where you cant get it.
So I found this knife. I thought it would be fun to fix it up a bit. I've never restored anything before so I'm not sure where to start.The blade doesn't lock into place. How would I fix that on a knife with no screws?Any advice you can give would be great.
Just tap it a bit with a hammer and wood block to tighten it.
In all likelihood the locking bar is made out of shit and the tooth on the locking bar is rounded out. You could knock out the center pin, copy it out of a new bit of metal, tweak the tooth till it engages right, then put in a new brass pin.A bit of work for sure, but you'll learn something.
sup ethan
WHAT'S THE NAME OF THIS??
816058a clamp
816058a vise
My sister's birth canal
dick compressor
816058vice
816058Bench vise
816062I've been in your sisters birth canal, along with most everyone in this thread. I assure you that you cannot get a tight grip in that model, it's just got too much mileage on it and been stretched too far, have you considered trading in for a newer model?
816062816081Yeah, I've used it once before and it barely grips wood.
816058
816058meat grinder
poop
schraubstock
816058gato
816058Looks like a problem with your spark plug
Hold-fastener
816111
816058bankschroef
816058menghina
Oval
A Clampwell™.
816061816075Wrong. Filthy mongrel English.816068You sir are correct.
817193What next, are you going to go apoplexic at the difference between Aluminum and Aluminium? It'd fucking semantics, grandpa, get over yourself.
817193The proper british machine shop term is a"scribbling hold-downer"
817193http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/vise: a tool that is usually attached to a table and that has two flat parts that can be opened and closed by a screw or lever in order to hold something such as a piece of wood very firmlyhttp://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/vice: bad or immoral behavior or habits: a moral flaw or weakness: a minor bad habit
817035Heh, ja zo noem ik hem ook.
817307You failed to consult the one true dictionary. I have no time for cheap imitations.
816058Benedict Cumberpatch
816058Vice
817436http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/viceImmoral or wicked behavior.Criminal activities involving prostitution, pornography, or drugs.An immoral or wicked personal characteristic.A weakness of character or behavior; a bad habit.http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/viseA metal tool with movable jaws that are used to hold an object firmly in place while work is done on it, typically attached to a workbench.implying british matters
imadło
816068good, now name the rest of them.
817193Incorrect.Its a twisty-tighty grabbyclamper.
816118I have one of these.I don't drink,I don't smoke,It's my only vise.
817783what do you do?
816058Prensa de banco irwinfirst time at /diy/
nigger hands.
817440underrated post
817789Fornicate profusely. Actually I do drink but the joke wouldn't have worked as well otherwise.
817850https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o41A91X5pns
Un tornillo
I have a fey questions I was hoping you guys could answer.I'm taking care of my 73 year-old dad with dementia. He opens and closes the fridge and freezer 30+ times a day and just stares for about 10 seconds and then walks away to only repeat it every half hour...ALL DAY!Would adding frozen water bottles, or gallon jugs into the freezer help the freezer and fridge to not go through so much strain and wear and tear? Would it help or hinder the freezer? Does keeping ice frozen in a freezer require more energy than if the freezer had no ice in it? Or is it easier on the refrigeration system if the fridge/freezer were empty?In other words, if you tested Kilowatt hours on X freezer that's empty and Y freezer that's full of already frozen items, which would use more power to run at identical settings for 24 hours?
816413think of it like this... to get the water bottles to freeze you have to remove the heat from them... once the heat has been removed and the ice frozen then the only heat the freezer is removing is what leaks in... this will be the same regardless of what is in the fridge and is based on what the insulation of the fridge is like and how often the door is opened...now... once the door is opened if you have the freezer full of frozen water bottles the fridge will react less to the influx of heat... so it'll help keep the stuff inside at a more stable temperature... however the components of the fridge are still removing the same amount of heat as before....tl:dr no once the water has frozen into ice it doesn't require more, or save you any energy.... and it's not going to reduce wear and tear on the system....maybe just look for a model with a glass door...
816420Hasn't heard of thermal massWhen the old man is sleeping, the thermal mass in the fridge is charged back up, reducing the change in temperature incurred by the door opening.The amount of heat lost in the opening/closing is mostly a function of the air exchanged during the opening/closing and some convection/radiative heating of the contents. The less air empty space in the fridge when it opens and closes, the less cold mass is exchanged during a opening/closing cycle.tl:dr, filling your fridge does in fact help with energy consumption.
816420It could reduce the load on the motorThe cold locked into the water bottles isn't going to pour out the door as soon as he opens it. They won't warm significantly in the time. There will be less air that the fridge will need to cool down again.Does he have a problem remembering to close it when he's done. Could figure some way to spring load the door.
816423Does he have a problem remembering to close it when he's done. Could figure some way to spring load the door. No, it's just that every fifteen minutes he walks to the bathroom, asks when's supper ready, goes and opens the fridge, fiddles with shit in the fridge for 15+seconds then shuts the fridge door. He can't remember he's doing it and when you tell him, "Hey Pops, you just looked in there 15 minutes ago.", he'll freak out and throw a tantrum. We were thinking about putting in a fridge lock, but that just sucks!Glad to hear 816422and816423agree that it at least can't hurt and will probably help.
Bottles of frozen water would help as less warm air would be getting into the fridge every time the door is open.Maybe get a fridge with a glass door?
816440Its going to be inefficient due to the poor insulating properties of glass. The question is will it stop him opening it.
816422nah. the fridge only knows to turn on the compressorassuming its a compressor fridge based on the air temperature. so when the fridge opens, the air temperature rapidly rises. the compressor then stays on for a minute or so. if a compressor stays on for a short time it just heats the contents of the fridge.
816473But with less air in the fridge due to the volume being taken up by the cold bottles of water, there's less heat added to the system when the door is opened, and hence less heat that the cooling circuit needs to remove from the air.if a compressor stays on for a short time it just heats the contents of the fridge.Now this is just pulling stuff out of your ass.
816413Putting a heap of frozen stuff in could add to his disorientation. Is his reading comprehension still ok? It might be worth putting a sign of some type on the door saying that it isn't working well.Don't padlock the door, it will probably aggravate him. Good luck
816413Sorry to hear about your situation, I dread the day I end up on either side of that kind of situation. Chest freezer would help with the freezer side of it - much less heat loss when opened. Not sure that's really an option though - extra cost/space and if he's rerunning the same routine, he wouldn't be checking it anyway, or would be completely disoriented and upset by a rearrange of his kitchen.As noted by others, sticking more things like water bottles in the fridge/freezer will increase the thermal mass. In slightly more laymans terms, they take up space that could be being filled with warm air when he opens the door, and water changes temperature very slowly. This reduces the time it takes to get the temperature back down, the time the compressor is on, and thus reduces wear on the system. Exact same principle is at work in a properly packed cooler.
Can't help you with the fridge, but speaking from experience, if you dad is still lucid you should be looking at a long-term care home/assisted living. This disease takes a terrible toll on relationships and either he or you will resent one another eventually if you don't have help or have someone else to "be the bad guy". It's also absolutely heart breakingly terrible to check them in when they're totally gone/you know they're not checking out or able to go out with you.If you don't want a facility then you should be looking at in-house full-time care. But I wish you the best of luck.
816413have you considered putting a lock on the fridge?
816483while it doesn't heat the fridge, short runtimes are terrible for the compressor... thats why the new models are all around 90% runtime vs 40% for the older ones.
816522If he's ex-military there's a crapload of services available to help. My 80+ year old father in law qualified for the visiting nurses a few days a week, which took a huge load off the rest of us as he got bathed and medically checked out regularly.Talk to the VNA and get some assistance, even if it's just an ear to talk to.
Stop green texting like that.
816818greentexting like how?is there a sticky for how to greentext within 4chan rules and regulations?can you link said rules?can you be my friend?use a tripcode next time so I can see you are my friend.
816470816440The glass should be vacuum sealed, probably the most insulated part of the fridge.
816473WTF?Heats contents of the fridge?You seriously should stop giving advice on shit you know NOTHING about. lol
816529lolThat is not why runtimes of the new models are more than the older ones.The mfg's found they could put a smaller DC variable speed motor in a compressor and run it all the time compared to the older AC motors that only ran when needed and still save energy overall. It had NOTHING to do with durability and everything to do with energy savings.
816413816433hey anon, i went through similar things with my mom, she had Alzheimers as well. i feel your pain.i seriously doubt that pops getting into the fridge will harm the fridge, or raise your bill very much. I do know that locking the fridge will piss him off and ruin your day as a caretaker.816440a glass door wont change anything, Anon's dad has alzheimers, hes not looking for anything, hes acting out.816485Putting a heap of frozen stuff in could add to his disorientationthishang in there breh, its a long hard road
816413Don't think about using locks or whatever. Like others said, he's not doing that because he really wants to check what's in the fridge. Stopping him will only anger him and make things worse. There's nothing you can do.Went through all this with my grandma. She kept walking through the house day and night, went to the toilet every few mins and had hallucinations too at which she screamed. Tried to talk to her, explain it to her, yell at her. Nothing worked.It's sad to say, but now that she cannot walk anymore it's kinda better for the rest of the family. She's either in bed or we lift her into a chair. Dementia got so bad that she doesn't even know us anymore; she barely talks either. Downside is we have to diaper her and all that.Dementia is the worst shit that can happen to you, and your relatives. I hope someone kills me if I ever get it.
816413medfag heredementia patients need institutionalized/professional careany other type of care no matter how well intended is an unnecessary strain on both the care giver as well as the patientWhat I'm trying to say is that the fridge is the least of your problems right nowI hope this helps at least a bit
My nan who lived with us started getting dementia about a year ago and died a few a months back. It was fucking awful watching her go through that. It was even worse watching my father take care of her and how over time he, and the rest of my family began to resent her. It got to the stage where he was wishing that either one of them would die. But in fairness to him he took good care of her and was with her 24/7 up until the very end. I wasnt as good, I ran off to college and whenever I was home I would avoid her. I just couldnt stand seeing this person I'd known since I was a kid fade away before me. If theres one thing its thought me is that there are faiths out there worse than death, and of those faiths dementia is the worst. With anything else you'll die in pain but at least your family and friends will love you and miss you after. When I heard my nan died all I felt was relief.
817178Ultimately what I'm trying to say is that you should put your father in a home, but better still would be to put him out of his misery while you're still capable of loving him.
816413Our dad got dementia several years ago. It got so bad that we ended up keeping him locked in the basement. We'd bring him hand edible food on Styrofoam plates and just hose him and the basement off when he got too covered in shit.The last three years I don't even think he knew where he was.
817113817152Thanks, guise.817182Please say you're joking... You locked him in the basement and hosed him off??? Wut?
I have a solution OP.
817206Where were we supposed to put him? A bedroom which would soon become uncleanable? The VA refused to provide a home for him.We are not rich so private care was unaffordable. What we did kept him safe and as healthy as possible.
816413Can you buy a cheap fridge of craisglist, fill it with empty milk and egg cartons or whatever, and keep the cooling elements turned off? Put the real fridge in the basement or something.
816420If all the air gets removed and needs to be cooed that's more work than only what fits between the bottles.
817182this is great.
Sorry about your Dad OP.Have you ever tried asking him what he needs or is looking for? Try asking in different ways each time, eventually you might be able to tap into his remaining lucidity and accommodate his needs.It's an awful situation, but I would want nothing more to help him enjoy his time left whether he knows it or not.
817221jesus christ it is just selfish keeping these people alive.take him to a country that allows assisted suicide
816413Just buy a second refrigerator for actual use and let him have the old one for fridge staring.
816413Put your dad in the mental asylum instead of turning your house into a pillow chambre maybe
817163That's what we thought about, but the montly costs are too high for us. Simple as that. We cannot give my grandma a good care because it's too expensive. So she is living with us.But you are so right. You will go through a lot of shit. Literally even on some days.817178So true. When my grandma still was able to walk, I sometimes did not sleep for more than 30 mins straight over a week because I always heard her walk around, and always expected her to fall. If you brought her back to bed, she promised to sleep. 5 mins later she got up again. It was actually a relief to go to work.817338Even if he understands in a lucid moment, he will forget it again. With dementia, there is no "let's talk it out and it works". When my grandma told me the same story thrice in a row, I explained that she already did. She had a lucid moment and apologized, somewhat embarrassed. 5 mins later she told the story again.817365I remember that the vet said we should put down our dog because he got cancer and it coudn't be operated and would be humane to save him from all the pain. Cried my eyes out back then grew up with the dog and he was the best friend you could wish for.Today I would see death as a relief for our family and my grandma. Her greastest horror was to be a nursing case.
817621All we love we leave behind.
816413I'm taking care of my 73 year-old dad with dementia. He opens and closes the fridge and freezer 30+ times a day and just stares for about 10 seconds and then walks away to only repeat it every half hour...ALL DAY!tfw I don't have dementia and I do that all the time without even thinking about it.I don't know what it is about it. I always feel like I'm looking for something and I don't know what.
817655I don't have dementiaI have bad news for you buddy
816470816440Why wouldn't they make double walled and vacuum sealed glass doors?
Take the poor guy out for a walk you ass hole
817221The damn VA. Protest their decision OP. You will probably win now.
817182ourI have bad news for you, anon.
818108Fuck you. You're out of your league, son.
Has anyone ever modded a Squier Bronco Bass? If so how did it turn out?
Or really any Fender / Squier Instrument
816866If so how did it turn out?It turned out better than your stupid thread, especially after bumping yourself on the slowest board on whole website after only 3 minutes.
816866$99 Squire Strat. Dropped Seymour Duncan Hotrails into the bridge slot and ran it through a MXR distortion + and Vox Brian May amp into a Peavy PA sytem set as a stack. Nice semblance of Bob Mould's early Husker Du sound.
816866Squier Bronco Bassnot a bronco bass
816866look more like a mustang bass with jazz pickups
816866If you want to try a simple non invasive mod that is reversible. You can add a push/pull pot for series/parallel.Your pickups are wired in parallel which can give you a broader frequency range but in series they can be hum canceling and have more output. Or just wire them like that with out a push/pull it's up to you.Ive done it to J basses and it sounds great.
816905This is the best value mod imho, cheap and effective. Switching to quality tone caps such as Orange Drops is easy to do too, but useless if you never use tone controlsAlso, rounding fret ends can make a budget instrument feel like a million bucks, but this falls into setup territory
Took a squire vintage modified jazz bass and dropped in bartolini dual coil j-bass pickups, applied a cyanoacylate coating on the fingerboard, sounds like sex. Oh, also removed all squire logos from it, had the owner of the recording studio my band records at compliment its sound. I've also defretted multiple basses and a guitar, all with multiple different coatings over the fingerboard to sharpen sound and reduce wear. Might post some pics soon.
816873Slowest BoardThis isn't /3/, man.
818552i bet you're fun at parties.
What kind of PICO PSU do I need for an old Pentium III motherboard? Right now it has a 150 watt PSU which is probably more than enough. It has an old 733mhz Pentium III.Here is what I know about the mobo:ATX power supply connector+12V power source for DC fan3.3V unbuffered PC100 SDRAMI've included a pic of the psu I'm using nowI don't fucking know what I need.
Why bother with a Pico PSU?
817811I am using it in a recording studio. The PSU I already have is noisy as fuck. I need something quiet and tiny since it's a micro atx case.
I think what I will do is see if I can replace the fan with something quieter. That might solve my issue the cheapest.
817809OP, why do you even Pentium III? Any of the current breed of small computers  raspberry II, banana PI, olinuxino,cuboxi, etc, etc is much more powerful than that, uses 1/20th of the power and has no moving parts and is thus completely quiet.Most will have a decent enough DA converter, and if that is not enough, plenty loose DA converters on aliexpress that cost next to nothing.Most of these will cost less than a power supply.
817825recording studioMaybe he's using some Windows program on it. Or using some fancy ISA sound card.
817829fancy ISA sound cardISA sound cardISAoh, the memories ...getting back to topic, I doubt Pentium III MBs still had ISA slots
817861You can even get LGA1150 motherboards with ISA.It was still pretty common in the P3 era.
817825The recording unit I'm using is old, PCI, but 8 track digital. It won't work on anything but windows 98/ME, and it only works with intel CPU's. It may work with celerons like Celeron D's, or maybe even Core 2 Quads, but it's such a pain to get to work I don't feel like finding out. It's picky about motherboards too, which is why for now I'd rather just make the system quieter. I have another, more modern, PC in the same room where I transfer everything to after recording. The Pentium III hunk of junk is only for recording not mixing or mastering.
817999can you keep it outside, lead the microphone lines to it, and use like vnc or something to connect to it remotely? I normally only use linux, so no idea if win 98 will even support that
I think what I'll do is just build a cardboard box and spray glue some cheap foam or carpet padding and cover it. Allowing for some ventilation.Another option would be for me to just turn the computer off, but that would make the system less usable.
818000hmm.. That isn't a bad idea. There is a door to the outside a few feet from the console. I could put it on a cart or something and wheel it out when recording.
817999wot u using, anon?- idle curiosity, indulge me. TIA.
How the fuck are computers connected to DIY? And what happened to technology. Is this a post from 1980? Fucking hell!
818017Somebody did not take their meds today!!!
818017
818017See, little Jimmy, computers used to be the size of briefcases and the screen wasn't attached to it like your little iPad.
Homemade RC planes and full sized planes thread.Here we discuss about method and we ask questions. I'm too poor to make a plane myself so I will just discuss about it.
I was wondering, can a pulsoreactor like this work? The mobile part turn, when it's open the air enter the tube and when it's closed fuel is injected and explode
If your a poorfag build a control line plane.I even built an engineless one out of cardboard box when I was a kid.
805743You can build a foamie from dollar store sheet foam, rubbing alcohol, a knife and hot glue. Poor is no excuse. Neither is time, they are quick to build.
805764I don't want to make a model, I want to make my own plane
805786As in fullsized that you can go in or an rc? A foamie can be a glider, then when you can afford itaka save up $100 attach a motor, battery, servo and a receiver to it.
805743I have all the RC stuff ripped off of another wrecked plane, rx, esc, tx, outrunner, 3s lipo, etc. any good sites about how to make a total noob plane for slow flying in parks? Ive got all tools already, pink construction foam, hot wire cutter, etc.
805816ex, but as i say, i don't want to buy à plane to build it, i want to make the fuselage, wings, etc
Hobby king for cheap parts.Easy planes can be made from election signs and aluminum tube
805863start by building a hang glider and go from there. Realistically planes are expensive and there's no need to own one unless you're crazy rich or can use it for money like crop dusting. Even a $40k plane would be money better spent on a house or land. But microlight's can be had for a few grand and it'll still get you up there.
805746lol'd
805743google flitetest, planes less than $60
805746Just go with a valveless pulsejet.
805906Pulsejet without moving part create even less thrust than one with moving parts and it's not compact.Unless if you are talking about a stratojet. but i think you're don't talking about that
805913Ramjet*
805904I built the Tiny Trainer last week, waiting for decent weather to maiden it. I might extend the trainer wing with another sheet of foam to make it a better glider.
806004skip that gay shit and make a few funbats with removable pod
check out my plane lads
Hey guys, do you think this bird with proper weight distribution and powerful enough EDFs would fly? For more images type Viper Mk IIB in Google. This ship was taken from Battlestar Galactica.
807120If you put enough power on it, even a brick will fly.Proof: the F-4.. . . but seriously, no, your model is not aerodynamic, there is almost nothing that will produce lift, and so absent a shitton of control systems stuff and huge motors it will fall like a rock.
808252It was interesting being a military brat when those were being phased out. They were some workhorses.
I know dihedral and polyhedral can help stabilize the roll of a plane with negative feedback and keep it going straight. Is there some similar technique to stabilize the pitch?
808252Well, i will try it anyways, first as basic as possible, then trying to develop more advanced version of the plane.Thanks for the response.
FT Mini Cruiser I'm building with my boyfriend. This is what I did before I handed it off to him
809012It's made of foam board and hot glue. This thing looks awesome IRL.Also forgive sweatpants and huge mess, table and bed became my work area since this thing is much bigger than I'm used to.
809012tfw no gf to build model planes and be crafty with
808987Different angles of attack and lift coefficients on the wing vs. horizontal stab.
805743Look into a Kolb Firestar FR 103 legal ultralight. You can find them on Craigslist all day for less than 5k. It's scary but I taught myself to fly it. Put 25 hours on it, counted my blessing and sold it. I'll buy another when I find the right deal.
809012tfw no /diy/ gf
foamboard is great and all, but you can't beat a bit of fibreglass
another
810191 Damn that fucker must be fast
805872fuck hobby king and their knock offs.
810186Cruiser femanon hereI'd much rather fly it around, beat the shit out of it, repair it when I can, and then just build a totally new plane when it's dead. That way me and the boyfriend get more time to be creative and make new designs.
810191Why is the propeller like this? Do it make the plane more aerodynamic when the motor is shut down?
807111Does it fly well?
805743what material is best to use if I plan on putting a chainsaw engine in a RC plane, frame from aluminum or will it be too heavy ??
813413yes, folding props are very common on motor gliders or hotliners.
813415What size for the plane ?
812983I still get to beat the shit out of them, it just takes longer to rebuild. I enjoy continually refining my design and construction to get the best out of my materials and methods at least what can be accomplished in a spare bedroom. Currently on revision 8, and aiming for a top speed of over 150 mph. Poor rev. 7 on the left imploded in mid-air due to a lack of torsional stiffness.
811543The one above is much faster. Although the prop is only small, it spins at over 30k rpm. Although there is nothing quite the whistle of a full speed throttle-off low pass with the prop folded back.
813574What speed does it go? Btw what motor?
813415That's a simple question with very complex answer.
This is our plane for the sae aero competition.Had to carry 15lbs, and a 3lb sandbag that was to be dropped on a target from 100ft. Wingspan of 2.6m, selig s1223 airfoil on the wing. Irvine 0.46 nitro engine
814028Isn't the tail weak?
811728elitist faggot who doesn't fly dont know about my 120Mph $90 radjet
805833what motor do you have? what sized plane was it on? just make a square fusealage and if you want hot wire cut a nice wing and tail and off you go. or make a wing.
811728why? ive spend more than 1k$ on them with no problems
814202weak how?
815028Fragile
Guessing carbon fibre structure, but even if its conventional materials, no, triangular tubular structure should be good.Not poster btw, just another 3rd year aero student who has friends doing the RAeS Heavy Lift Challenge Although I think this year is the first year they have changed fro the Irvine .46 to electric - may be wrong
816069Where you studying at? I'm entering that heavy lift competition this year as well, the bmfa one at york? The having to have a 'camera' on the front component of the challenge is a pain in the ass. I've pretty much copied the chinese teams plane from last year and it should be pretty damn light
816069Also yeah the boom was composite panels connected with unidirectional fibers at each join, it was incredibly strong and completely overkill, but didn't really hamper our overall weight.
Anyone know any good sites for different kinds of wing design?
816406Just go on aeronautics sites, I don't think there a patent on wing forms
OP here, I wanted to see if I could make something fly so I made a shit tier glider out of paper and cardboard paper, and it made me notice something, how do you stick together piece of your plane? Is glue good?
816920hot glue or epoxy is probably the best
816924And btw did you use a book or a site to have the knowledge to make your planes? Ps: we should give ourselves name, not knowing who I talk to is annoying
So if someone want's to get into this hobby any particular area to start or anything like that?
805746I think it would work, but there would be little to no advantage compared to open-close valve, because it wouldn't rotate smoothly anyway.
817015It's easier to build
816938i dont know i just sort of learned it just by watching random rc videos or lurking on some forums.
817003i suggest starting with flitetest they have pretty good beginner series, and you will find your way from there.
814028that looks sick as fuck, also i have wheels like that on my old Easysport .40How slow could you guys get it?
Hey /diy/, an outdoorsy /g/-man here. My dad just dug out his old Hank Roberts Mark III, and I gotta say I'm impressed. Way better packaging than the newer stoves. Sadly, we only have the one can of fuel left, and the stove uses a weird needle-type can. Obvious painful fiery death aside, how would one go about rigging up an adapter for a modern fuel can?
818577Ummm..... /out/ ?
818577 OPInstall gentoo and then google for "Hank Roberts Mark III mod"
818604This is a DIY fix, not hiking innawoods.818606I did, they all refer to either a part a guy somewhere made at some point and might or might not have sold.
818606Before you use up the last fuel can.1 Look up the producing company online2 Look up the can manufacturer online3 Make sure you know the type of fuelie alcohol/propane/kerosene/mix/etc4Guessing, JUST guessing, but a needle-type can is probable under HIGH PRESSURE. Get the PSI of said can before you can't run the stove anymore.Now you should have, type of fuel, pressure said fuel is needed to run said stove, type of valve used to fuel said stove, manufacturer and producer history. Google-fu and try out.
818609relatively low pressure - butanenot a mix - just butanewick inside cannisteryou should google it
818619In that case wondering if you could refil with h butane lighter refill.
818608Im no expert in gas and cant say if this is safe or not, but have you considered just making changing out the fittings on the end so that it will work with modern gas canisters?
Lots of talk here about refilling them or maming adaptors.http://zenstoves.net/Canister.htm
Id like to make a chest that is similar to pic related, Im looking to make something that is about 28"x26" roughly 66 x 71 cm with a decent depth and about 7 drawers.The problem is I havnt done allot of wood work before and pretty much dont even know where to startDoes anyone know where I could find plans for something similar, or have any advice?Ive tried looking around but the only thing Ive found is woodcraft trying to sell crap.
818246pretty much dont even know where to startNot with this. You WILL fuck it up. Make a couple of small boxes with the type of joint you want to use in the drawers. After you've fucked that up a few times and are now making something decent you can switch to trying to make an actual drawer. Now you might want to have a go at making a small box with drawers, but still not your final project.Does anyone know where I could find plans for something similar, or have any advice?Google around for wood machinist's chest plans, because thats seems to be basically what you are trying to make.
818253Ive taken into account many fuckups before I get it right.Ive thought about doing some boxes, a single drawer box does sound like a good pactice project for thisIll look around more to see if the term "wood machinist's chest plans" turns up better results.Thanks
818246Make a miniature mock up and then give it to your mum as a jewelry thing. Cheap, good practice, quicker to build and you get a good idea of what you might want.
818246Carpenters used to make tools boxes to not only carry their tools but also to show their skills. Since you don't have any experience I'd say look up tool totes or something similar and try to build that first. You'll learn about twisted and cupped all kinds of other things.
818246https://books.google.ca/books?id=Zs8DAAAAMBAJ&pg=PA80&hl=en#v=onepage&q&f=falseWhat tools/budget are you working with?
818636I have access to a fair amount of tools, I do not have a drill press or a bandsaw though.Budget isnt really set, but I dont really want to spend hundreds.
Hey guys,I was wondering if it would be possible to power a gameboy with a microcontroller/alternate power source, such as USB . Something other than batteries.Would it be possible to do something like this? I have no idea if electronics working on batteries need different powering.Thanks in advance, if I find anything useful that might work I'll post the results back on here!
818429literally anything that supplies 3V and can supply up to 0.2A will power a gameboy.
818429818430This.also do NOT go over 3v, but make sure it is atleast 0.2A or 200mA.
818432GBA has a VR in it anyway; may as well see what its top voltage is.Alkalines are 1.5v nominal, meaning a pair of fresh alkalines would be over 3.0v anyway.If it can take a Lithium cell ~4v fresh or USB 5.0v regulated, that'd be pretty convenient.
818469might as well see what it's top voltage is.not recommended.
818492Most voltage regulators are rated up to 24V, some higher. I doubt OP would be dumb enough to manage that.
818503op is on here asking how to power a fucking gameboy without batterys, you know damn well he would try it if you told him to.
Yous can buy rechargeable battery packs for game boy advances. They're pretty cheap, but they're not made by Nintendo. I don't know how trustable they are
818511Normal batteries arent made by nintendoWhats your point
818592get rechargeable batteries with usb power supply, preferable one that is incredible tiny. Remove plastic and metal packaging, being careful not to damage circuitry and wires. Open GBA carefully, wire said battery charger into battery port, leave opening in case for usb. Now have GBA AND!! usb battery charger. Enjoy. Hard mode, figure out basic electric circuitry for said battery OR super capacitor power supply giving 3volts and .2amps.6 watts power. Source materials and make it. Attach to GBA while adding brownout/surge protection.
818429GB SPs are cheap and they can use a power cord. Thats always an option.
Is it possible to use rope as thread?
818052Sure.
818052More information is needed
818052NOA rope is a group of yarns, plies, or strands which are twisted or braided together in order to combine them into a larger and stronger form. Ropes have tensile strength and so can be used for dragging and lifting, but are too flexible to provide compressive strength. As a result, they cannot be used for pushing or similar compressive applications. Rope is thicker and stronger than similarly constructed cord, line, string, and twine. Ropes made from metal strands are called wire rope.thread: 1. a fine cord of flax, cotton, or other fibrous material spun out to considerable length, especially when composed of two or more filaments twisted together.2. twisted filaments or fibers of any kind used for sewing.twisted filaments or fibers of any kind used for sewing.If you use rope for sewing it becomes thread.
818117/rope
818117Never seen anyone go all out over rope before
818117
818477yes you can, BUT, just like newer sewing machines can't handle jeans and thicker threads. ROPE requires INDUSTRIAL levels of machinery and materials. Rope and THICK/tough material fabrics/sheets. Useful for manufactoring sheeting for housing, bulletproofing residences/vehicles, art and more. Even making boats and such structures. Because weak, easily bendable threads WILL tear, but so would regular fabrics that are put under stress with LARGE ROPE THREADS.Good clothing can be fixed/repaired because the threads give instead of the materials. There is a reason rope is not used as thread in most cases.
I want to have backup lipo for starting my car if my car battery goes flat. What kind of pack should i get?
818224What kind of pack should i get?One that comes from a highly reputable company, because one large enough to jump-start a car contains enough energy to make for quite the firebomb if it goes south on you.I assume you're talking about something installed in the car that you switch over to when needed? Why not just an identical battery to what's in the car and a setup to charge both, along with a switch to change over to it when needed? Cheaper, safer, and easy to install.
818224Get a car with a manual transmission and learn how to perform a rolling start. My driveway has a slight incline so I can get my truck rolling backwards down it and start it up that way no problems. I had to push start it once. Not fun but totally doable on a flat road.
818232Get a car with a manual transmission and learn how to perform a rolling start. Neutral Safety Switches dont let you do that anymore, since like the early 90s
818238Ahahaha no. You sir, are retarded. Manuals have a thing called a 'clutch pedal'. That is the 'safety'. Clutch pushed in, engine will start. Doesn't matter what gear you are in or if its in neutral or if the car is moving or at a stand still. Every manual transmission car I have ever driven, which includes 3 vehicles made after 1995, could be started this way. Get the car rolling with the clutched pushed in, make sure its in a low gear, make sure the key is in the 'on' position, pop clutch, engine turns over, done. Takes a little practice but thats the basics.Anyway, confirmed for driver of a vaginamatic, the closest thing you will ever see to a real vagina.
OP hereI want to have portable pack because i have two cars and i want to be able to also jump start strangers car if they need help.I know how to do a rolling start but its not always possible also if the battery is dead below alternators voltage the alternator wont be able to generate electricity. Also during winter rolling start is almost impossible. What kind of discharge rate should i be looking for? What kind of cell count?
818245Don't worry about cell count. Worry about voltage I'm assuming 12 volts, amp hour rating and peak discharge rate. You wont need as many amp hours as a normal car battery which is around 40 amp hours iirc but the less you get the less starts you'll be able to handle between recharging.
818247I'd worry about cell count - rather than having 1 massive lipo, and possible firebomb, having multiple in individual safety boxes makes it safer...818240THIS. I helped my cousin start his 2006 VW Lupo like this recently.UK so, automatics are pretty much relegated for old people who cant use both legs effectively
818247also, Lipo's come in 3.7v cells, so 11.1V is the closest you could get...Would be significantly safer and longer life if you use LiFe batteries
818240manualfag here. No need to be so crush about it to autofags m8. I mean, I love my MT but god knows I curse the shit out of it during stop and go.
818224Lipo like to violently explode and set fire to things if you put the wrong voltage in them.When you start a car you'll probably get a poorly regulated back surge from the car's dynamo. It's the reason why car's have lead acid batteries, they are resilient to that kind of mess. Lipos are not.You'd need some good quality protection circuitry if you wanted to use a Lipo battery. That is not easy to make. Also this is a high current job that makes it more risky/difficult.Just use a car battery.
818238Neutral Safety Switches dont let you do that anymore, since like the early 90sget a load of this guy... cannot into manual tranny
818224don't blow yourself up, just get one of theseinb4 buyfagthere's times to DIY and times not tothis is one of the latter
it would be SAFER zto just buy a portable jump box and keep it in the trunk. it will jump your car a few times before needing to be recharged which you can do by plugging it in a outlet in the house. why go thr all the BS of building a battery pack with expensive lipo batteries. plus you will need a suitable charger for said batteries because you cant charge them from your alternator. when it comes to safety, some things should bot be DIY'd especially with the possibility of exploding batteriespic related
818240low gearAhahaha no, you want it in SECOND gear, if you'd ever actually done it you'd know that.
818411Generally I do it in reverse, because I'm parked in a driveway facing the house. Second is normally ideal but you need higher speed then in first and really the only reason to use second is it jerks less and is a bit easier. It works fine in first and first works best if you can't get the vehicle moving very fast or have a short distance to get it going. For example, parked in a short driveway or a parking space. In first or reverse I can get the vehicle started after traveling less than a full length of my truck.
818240818411taking the car out of gear for a bump startwhat a bunch of wimps put you back into it men.
818238lool - americans can't drive manuals.
818240818317The neutral safety switch wont let you jackrabbit your car, it disengages the ignition while the clutch is out.I have had 2 different S10s, and my 2007 Ford ranger have all had it. I had to actually replace in in my 02 S10 because it failed and the car wouldnt start.
818517818256There are more americans that can drive a manual than eurobongs that drive at all.Its like you people forget that the US has over 250 million cars on the road.Car manufacturers take liability into account when there are so many drivers.
818224http://www.canadiantire.ca/en/automotive/batteries-accessories/power-packs/booster-packs/motomaster-eliminator-1000-booster-pack-0111912p.html?utm_campaign=bazaarvoice&utm_medium=Default&utm_source=AskAndAnswer&utm_content=DefaultGet one of these, my dad has one and its been great. Useful for more than just starting cars.
818320I second this. I have something similar to this. I can charge phones and laptops with it, and also jump start a car. Even a diesel truck. It's small, useful, and effective. The only con to one of these is that the jumper leads are really small gauge for jumper cables. I would not let the car run for long with one attached. Otherwise its pretty great.http://www.matcotools.com/catalog/product/VERSAPRO/18000-mah-portable-jump-starter-power-supply/
818553this againto push start a manual you have to have the clutch ENGAGED then you DISENGAGE IT and ENGAGE IT REAL FAST and your fucking car starts. stop spewing shit you know nothing about, ive push started many times and it works fine, you are just an autotragic moron who knows shit
818575injectors firing when electronics are shut offWhat dont you understand about the NSS?
818575you are just an autotragic moron who knows shitAlso I love this distinction that you people make.You are so proud of your widespread manual transmissions, yet you drive around 1.0l shitboxes.Impressive.
818585protect your batteries, have drainage protection circuits between the battery and the cars circuitry. Those sub woofers and various sound/jumping/blender systems should NEVER drain the battery like this. Also look to see if a short/bad circuit exists in the vehicles power windows/locks/clocks/etc. Might find a gps or something jerry-rigged into your vehicle.Just get a couple trickle solar chargers for your vehicles batteries, attach to said batteries and keep the cells attached to the dash of your vehicle. Bonus points attaching a fan to run in hot weather.
818575TFW I had to push start a flatbed truck in reverse with a forklift.... You've got be kidding me Travis... Then agian Travis would fill his radiator off the sillcock everytime he came back into the lumber yard. He'd also tell me he'd use the donkey on his truck to jack his car up to work under it. Crack heads be crazy man
I've never been on this board. So I apologize if I'm doing it wrong. Anyway, I live in a flat with a front and back porch. The back porch is where we smoke, where we keep trash that needs to be brought down stairs. Yada yada. Anyway, the front porch is basically a solarium. Three sides of the room are windows back to back. I've ripped almost everything down to the original style. Cedar rafter trusses which I'm leaving exposed, wainscotting, and hardwood floors. The only thing I did not pull off was the old school asphalt brick siding. I'm just going to paint that white. At one end of the porch I'm building a day bed. Using old cedar tongue and groove floor boards that were used as nailers for the previous ceiling and 1x4 and wrapping the frame with that. On the opposite end of the porch I'm going to put a couple club chairs and probably a pedestal table inbetween with a ceiling lamp overhead. So, I'm trying to find suggestions for the center wall. I have no idea what to put inbetween the two ends. Was thinking about a porch swing but we have enough seating. Was thinking about shelves, but that's just boring. Don't need another table. I would like to do some sort of built-in feature, but my mind is running blank. Anyone have any ideas that would make somebody that has never been in there be like, "Damn, that's fucking cool."
Make it a table that folds down vertically, and behind it have a liquor collection/shelf. Jazz it up with some LEDs and maybe have an ihome or stereosystem on the top shelf for some tunes while you hang out with your buds.
818535818598Even better, have what looks like a sidebar and put in a tv lift with a whole bar setup on it instead.
any of you know where I can buy p -nitroaniline , p like myself can synthesize?
818599..OK, what is it used for? Quick search shows it's not any sort of human-use narcotic or drug or anything like that. What are you trying to do?
818599Did you try your local lab supply shop?If you're doing anything illegal, keep in mind that large purchases of chemicals by individuals not associated with a legitimate occupation get reported to the DEA.
Long story short, I thought it would be fine to recycle some old creosote soaked railroad ties that were originally used as fence posts for my new green house's foundation. They had been sitting outside for decades and thought it would be fine. After a day with the green house shut, it smells heavily like creosote. Temperatures average 65F at night to 100F during the day, and while I'm not an expert, I imagine this represents a significant long term healthrisk if I don't do something. Tearing the whole thing down is not the route I want to go, what would be a temperature/moisture appropriate sealant that I could paint onto the ties to prevent or significantly cut down on off gassing?
817938you could put greenhouse plastic on top of the railroad tie foundation, sealed against both the floor and the greenhouse walls. that will force the offgassing to happen on the outside of the structure. Bonus for reduced air leakage from the cold outside to the inside.
817941I've seen someone do this before for that very purpose. It works.
Paint the ties with elastomeric roof coating on the green house side.Use plastic as mentioned above
great advice, thanks for your time.
817938after a few weeks time at 100F, the more volatile materials will have evaporated off and the smell will go away.
817938The ultimate poor boy solution is cheap plastic sheet like the plastic bag stuff. Could be a temporary fix at least.
818499Get that rubber/plastic paint used for truck bedding/gutters. Paint those boards/planks/ties with it. Now it'll gas the outside of your greenhouse, reducing weeds and pest problems, give you good traction so you don't slip when you over water something, and will make cleaning the greenhouse easy as hosing it off.
I'm not sure if this is the board for this, but what's the quickest and cheapest way to fix this hole in my wall?
How big is the hole?
what material is it? some shitty american drywall shit?
wallnot glorious ceiling master race
818298put a picture over itcall it a day
818301oh god I bet it's that asbestos layden chinese drywall from a few years ago.Now op, go and get a bucket of premixed mudbutter and a six inch drywall knife. get some of that mudbutter on yer drywall knife and spread it over the hole to fill the low spot.It may dip in a little when it dries so you'll have to go over it again.If you do it right you won't even need to sand when you're done.then paint over the dried up mud butter and now you won't get grounded.
818316Mud butterNot SPACKLEI am disappoint.
818301yes, america is the only place that uses plasterboardthe rest of the world just wallpapers sheetmetal
818323yes this is correct. never understood why americans still cling to stupid standards nobody else uses like inches and 12-hour clocks.
If that's from punching the wall, just mudding it is not going to work. You'll need to cut out a square hole, screw in some wood for backer and cut a replacement piece of drywall.typically I tamp down all the esgea lightly with a hammer and cut the paper back a 1/4" or so on all edges so the you have a nice groove to fill with mud and hide the transition between the new drywall and old. Let dry. Then sand and paint. Use a roller if the wall has a slight texture, otherwise its gonna be real obvious where the drywall is sanded flat.
Go to the hardware store buy the appropriate stick on mesh get some ready made spackling and start applying the layers. Sand down and paint. Although you might have to paint the whole wall. If you want it done 100% you're going to have to screw in a new peice of drywall I'm assuming but either way will work from what I assume the hole size is.
818298The best way would be to not have a temper tantrum in the first place and not punch a hole in the wall.
818353But punching holes in drywall is so much fun!
818353818367How edgy do you have to be to punch a wall? Your own easily collapsible drywall, at that. 818298Put two giant plasters on it, a la Rayman 2.When you get pissed off again, throw a barrel at it, and unlock a shortcut.
818380Whoosh
818302I laughed
818319because that much spackle wouldnt dry for a week
81833312-hour clocks.Show me your metric 10 hr clock and I'll admit you might have a point
818319Vinyl as opposed to gypsum....818588Ah yisss.
, 
I'm looking into making a cake for my significant other that has either a band logo theme, or genre reference. I have had a hard time finding photos to reference to go off of and am looking desperately for some ideas. Post band logo photos within these genres/bands?Stoner DoomDoom MetalDesert RockPsychedelic Rock70's Psychand genres of the like...THANKS
817725This isn't pinterest or google images. Fuck off.
817726No, but it is Do It Yourself and I make cake myself.
817730Well then google it yourself fuckwit.
817731I did, although I can't find anything specific enough.
817732do you just want bands from those genres? /mu/ could help with that. Off the top of my head, one band from each category: bongripper, electric wizard, truckfighters, butthole surfers, and iron butterfly.
817725What bands in particular? Dopethrone is a massively recognizable album in Doom Metal and Stoner Doom, and the front figure may not be too difficult to copy. /r/DoomMetal and other such sections may be a decent place to look for this.
817725Do you not know what bands your partner likes? If it was me id be way more excited to get a cake with my favorite band on it. As opposed to someone I've never heard of in the same genre.Inb4 SunBatHer
817725You can't go wrong with a pentagram flower. Ultimate combo of doom - stoner - psychedelic.
817725This is the only true answer
817725Is he a marijuanaut?
i have1 dead controller for gc with a good cable1 2p gba link cablelots of time to killcan i make a gba to gc cable? yay or nay?!
818509http://www.mksmks.de/technical/gbmtocube.htm
818514didn't help really...
818519well if you look at the pictures of the open gc cabe you see its got all interface circuit shit in it.so no.
818522really.. fuck me! ok, cheapest buy where?
, 
I'm looking at purchasing a studio suite. It's pretty nice, except that the wall which my bed will be on is shared with my neighbour's sound system. The wall is also textured, which is not something I desire. I was reading that I could put Green Goo on the wall and then new drywall on top. Two birds, one stone. Has anyone tried this? I know I'm not going to completely remove sound, but I could hear the lyrics of the music. I'd like to deaden it as much as possible. Thank you in advance.
818210This is the wall in question. I estimate it may be about 20 feet long. The cabinet is a murphy bed.And unfortunately this is as "nice" as my money is able to afford me.
818210I could hear the lyrics of the musicForget it, a bit of goo and drywall ain't going to do much.
818210You mean green glue? Green goo is the shit cyclists use to get a popped tube sealed up for cheap. Buddy of mine used it on a garage conversion. He got it super fucking cheap but said it still wasn't worth it. He got it half way through the renovations, which he was doing as money permitted. He did staggered studs and doubled drywall on one half of the garage and double drywall plus green glue no staggered studs on the other. The staggered studs are better and it basically cost him nothing extra.
818217Unfortunately the option is to either do something or be homeless. :818220Yeah, Green Glue. I don't think I'll be able to do staggered studs. It's a common wall and in a strata. The place is tiny, only 327sq ft, so I don't want to build out a wall and lose a lot of space. See 818211 That's the entire place from the entry. The bathroom is to the right. Amazon seems to have decent reviews on Green Glue. The three star'ers seem not to understand the product: http://www.amazon.com/Green-Glue-Noiseproofing-Compound-Tubes/product-reviews/B005OJY94K/ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_4?ie=UTF8&filterBy=addThreeStar&showViewpoints=0&sortBy=helpful&reviewerType=all_reviews&filterByStar=four_star&pageNumber=1I was thinking Green Glue combined with Quiet Rock: http://www.rona.ca/en/gypsum-panel-09935095If it doesn't work, I won't be out much money $200? and I'll have the strata to fall back on if talking to the guy next door doesn't work. I also want to retain my privacy - if I can hear him, he can hear me. Still very much open to more ideas/suggestions. Much appreciated.
818220This.There is no 'soundproofing' an existing room/wall. You have to build it soundproofed in the first place, like this, otherwise vibrations will come right through.I'd suggest either some sort of treaty with your neighbor, or invest in a large supply of high-attenuation earplugs.
It isnt worth it op. Your better off making sound pannels using roxul pannels. Make some for the guy on the other side of the wall, to put behind his speakers to help too. But your best bet, move your bed.
818227818220How far will that come out from the existing wall? I have 327sq ft. It is a shoe box, I don't want it to be any smaller.Not able to move my bed. The heater is on the other wall and I'm not able to move that.
818379How far will that come out from the existing wall?The width of whatever sill plate you choose to use plus the thickness of a sheet of drywall. If you want to rip down the existing wall you can just beef up the existing sill and top plates, pull out every other stud, replace them in a staggered configuration and put new drywall up.
http://www.british-gypsum.com/products/gypframe-acoustuds-70-as-50I know wooden joists are a big thing in the states, but consider those. Its an acoustic metal profile, meaning it'll help absorb vibrations by being somewhat flexible.Using these means going with the whole wall system though, otherwise it won't work. You can find plenty of similar systems from Knauf, Gyproc and the like.Basically the idea is your new acoustic wall will have exactly 0 rigid contact points to the existing wall behind it. The acoustic vertical profiles would be fastened with flexible metal brackets to the wall behind it and riveted/screwed to the profiles running on the top and bottom. All the airspace would be filled with light fiberglass insulation to absorb the higher frequencies and the heavy drywall panels would absorb the lows. Double layer of drywall is even better.Keep in mind though, that just fixing the wall won't do dick to the sound vibrations coming in through the floor and ceiling joists. You might get a few dB of attenuation at the wall but 0 at the adjacent one. Might be cheaper and easier to fix your neighbour. :
818419Thank you. 818437I'm in Canada, so I will if that product is available here.I have a friend who works in construction and will pick his brain about costs. The unit has sat empty for several months and I'm sure, if I buy the place, my new neighbour will keep things down once he knows it's occupied. I also want to soundproof it for him too. I don't want him to hear me talk, or the odd chance I do end up having sex, not hear that either.
818210I was reading that I could put Green Goo on the wall and then new drywall on topHows she goin eh?since your willing to do drywall, goto lowes or Canadian tire and get acoustic insulation and put it in the walls. then do the drywall.Giverrr
Hello guys. Noob here. I'm planning to make a home entertainment system where I can view/stream media to mobiles/computers and the TVs in my home from a centralised storage system. I have a few old computers lying around and a spare router, and would like to keep my spending to a minimum. Any suggestions or ideas to help me out ?Also, I came across DLNA while researching viable setups. Would like to know whether it could fit my needs. Thanks in advance.
I think /g/ would be the best board to ask.
816941Thanks. Will post the same over there .
816939It sounds like you want a Network Attached Storage.An old computer with a few hard drives could suffice.I have a thecus NAS with transmission for torrenting and Kodi used to be called XBMC for streaming music, movies and tv shows to every device on the network.
816971Thanks for responding . Yes, that is precisely what I want out of the network . Unfortunately I meant it when i said that I'm a noob . Do you have your NAS connected to a computer/server or can one directly run transmission and Kodi off it ? Could you elaborate on how to set up a network that'll allow me to stream the media through a router ?
816939I would suggest Serviio $5 or a 30 day free trial, mix it with a Dynamic DNS service and you have a internet/local streaming service must have smart tv to stream to tv
816939hi opi have a linux computer running mediatomb and a smart tv.before smart tv i used a dumb tv and ps3 to play files from the server. ps3 is picky about what files it plays you should learn the difference between codecs and containers and so transcoding computer converts file to something ps3 understands had to be set up and it was a pain in the asshole and it uses a lot of computer resources.if you have an media consumer e.g tv or ps4? idk that handles all your files its much easier to set up and less of a headache. probably all new things will manage, i guess ps3 is old now.oh and don't use wireless to try and stream HD stuff, its probably possible but if you hit some high bitrate stuff it might start to stutter.the other point is your router, what exactly do you want to do with this? do you already have a router for internet?are you trying to isolate your internet & home network from media network?you probably don't need a router for a media share network but DHCP might make setup a little less painless.
817019I know what you mean anon. The PS3's compatibility issues are simply endless . I have two older TVsdumb and a pair of old computers to connect them to the main media server . I was hoping to use my spare router 20 Mbps to run a media network to stream content to wireless devices . Yes, it will be separate from my main home network, so i don't foresee any problems with stutter . My main priority is to set up a media server for now. Any better ideas and setups with the existing hardware are appreciated.
Repeating the NAS with some sort of media server plugin suggestion. There are multiple good options. I currently run FreeNAS with Plex on a little dual core Atom ITX machine with a 1TB drive. It does a good job streaming to just about everything I use now, except the PS3.Back in the olden days I just ran PS3 Media server on my desktop, but the network/CPU overhead of streaming raw video is annoyingly intensive. You can still do that it can stream to just about anything, PS3 included, but it's much nicer to decode at the point of use.You can stream 720p all day long on wireless G, even with PS3 media server. If you're not decoding at the source, 1080p is nearly impossible with wireless. Many N routers still only push ~100mbps in ideal conditions, despite their claims of a much higher link speed, because the internal router link to the wifi radio is 100mbps.If decoding is happening at the device, the network throughput can be much less. For 1080p, you're still going to need about half a 100mbps link, though; possibly more.Personally, I prefer keeping stuff at 720p, unless it's something absolutely amazing that I need to see hair and freckles and sit inches from my television for. I've had 3 people streaming 720p content over a 100mbps link with no trouble, using my current setup.I don't think you can stream anything above 720p over a 20mbps link. Poor guy... If you were nearby, I'd just give you an old Linksys with DD-WRT on it.
816939I have an asrock 890fx with 16G ram and 4 2tb hard drives running freenas from a usb stick. also running couch potato, transmission and plex.i can watch any movie or listen to any music on my server from anywhere i have internet capability.
816939OPENELEC on any computer that has a decent videocardmediaplayer that automatically shares its drivesinstallation takes 15 minutessharing is done by defaultthen go on youtube and search for "KODI video add-ons" and you'll soon realize that you only need storage for personal files family pictures/videos
816939Yea.. first off rotate your subwoofer so it can actually work right.
818148Subwoofers are absolutely non-directional. That's why there's one of them, not five.You'd have to actually bury the port in fiberglass for it to make any kind of difference.
Sup /diy/,first time poster here.So I bought these old PNW 57a Tankers night vision set about 2 months back and have had no luck starting them....properly.I've done some stupid shit to get then started and I'll just say,they work.But I need something useful so I can use these whilst being mobile.Help me out guys.BTW these are 12/24 v and were originally commissioned to UAZ 469 and GAZ 69 Jeeps and T-64 tanks for Polish usage.There gen 0 and originally required an IR light for usage.
Please excuse the pictures if there sideways cause I'm taking these with a shitty iPod,These are mounted on a Tank helmet.
I haven't been able to open up that thing in the back due to powerful Cold War nuts and shit.Here's some shit that came with it.This is some sort of battery?I dunno lol but it uses Cyrillic "A" and "Ka"? For positive and negative at either ends.
This one is self explanatory,I got a phone charger and cut the charger end off and used electric tape to put it onto the wire,whatever.
An input lead running from that thing on the back of the tank helmet connects into the thing I was holding in the last pic,
816663I've been scoping these for a while, How much fov do you get out of these?. Also, just get a Lipo and a BEC RC stuff that A BEC will safely use the lipo and output a steady 12V, most bec's come with a low voltage cutoff so you dont kill the lipo. BTW just cut that shitty connector and solder up an XLR or something a bit more "up to date" so you can use xlr plugs and jacks and make a variety of powersources
Don't test it while it's on your face. You can easily fuck your eyes up.
816689yeaaaaa nop. That wont ever happen. Its plain movie bullshit. Please don't spread shit like that. Do some research on the subject.
816691He's right you know.some one did say that thing on the back emits a kind of radiation,but it's non lethal
816691This is the most vaguest post I have ever seen.What wont happen?What is movie bullshit?Spread what shit?RESEARCH ON WHAT
816698What wont happen? They will not damage your eyes. What is movie bullshit. That Nvgs blind you.Spread what shit. That nvgs blind you.Research on what? Nvgs and how they work. There was that clear enough?
816699This post is trash.What wont happen? They will not damage your eyesFalseWhat is movie bullshit. That Nvgs blind you.The statement is can, not will.Spread what shit. That nvgs blind youStop.Research on what? Nvgs and how they work. You haven't even done this yourself, or else you would know that what OP has uses cathode ray tubes compared to LCD matrixes.There was that clear enough?There's still shit on my roof from that post.It shouldn't take a dumbass to figure a flash of light causes damage.
816701suck my dick
816701Ha, Point still stands. These Gen 0 and 1 nvgs arent capable of that sort of thing...
816709No,no there not.I said they emitt radiation and shit,but blindness nigga....So can someone tell me about something I can use as a battery for this shit?
816709Wanna know how I know you don't know shit jack about shit? It might not cause permanent damage, but it can definitely cause temporary blindness and it hurts like a BITCH. Also, everyone's eyes are different. Not to mention, OP is messing with the power supply and whatnot. That changes things. What the fuck is wrong with you. It's no different than warning someone taking apart a CRT not to lick the flyback.
816717Guys seriously,I just want to know how to work this thing
816719These fucking screws,will not budge and some polish guy was like,un screw that and put in a 11.1 volt Airgun battery lead.But sheit,shit won't unscrew.
816716Sorry. I was typing and 4chan ate my reply. Unless you can find a spec sheet, you're in for some fun. Trying to fix stuff on older military hardware is a complete fuckfest because they're so private about shit, especially during the cold war. I haven't mucked about with the guts or power on nvg though. Your multimeter is probably gonna be your best friend. I'd try posting about this on /k/ as well, just prepare to get memed on. They don't care about much except innawoods, moist nuggets, and casual racism.
http://www.electronicspoint.com/threads/polish-pnw-57-night-vision-goggles-conversion.268486/
816722I've been hunting my whole life and all I know is gun....and being /k/ommandoThese bastards aren't powered by much except whatever was there at the time.I used them with a friend a few weeks back in his car,try work alright.But I really need something to make these more mobile.There are sheets on how these work and I might know where to get them.Thanks man
http://4chandata.org/diy/Hello-Just-turned-on-my-brand-new-50-years-old-PNW-57a-nightvision-scope-for-tank-mechanic-driver-with-helmet-bottom-side-of-picMa-a606475
816726Well that's convenient.
816728I tried it man,and well,it didn't help me by much,can someone please just tell me of something simple I can do?
816729I'll keep looking, but I'm at work so a lot of websites aren't available to me. No promises.
Ive been looking around, you might want to look into PNV-57 E which is the second generation model. They apparently they have better tubes. The battery pack seems easy install but there is a buzzing sound with the transformer. You can find a driver here that will fix the buzzing issue:http://shop.gruppa-l.com/en/stuff-n-fluff/pnv57e-driver
tomorrow i'll post some pictures of the nvgs my girlfriend bought me
817293That is an B tipe, russian. E is different, left on the picture.
816663There is a cap on the high voltage section backbox unscrew it, and set to 12V there. After you can use 9V battery, but for the good light 12V recommend, And, wait for it, the connector is similar to the PC Molex, so you can solder battery on the molex, connect it to the npw, and profit.
818290I was just going by the color. Any idea of where ot get the E type?
Hello, I bought the same NVG some weeks ago. I got them run with 6v batteries in a row. You have to figure out which is the + and which is the ground pin on the connector. If you do it right you can hear a little noise from the grey box currentchanger.With an external IR Lamp this thing is great.My one is a PNW57a from 1966.
sry i meant two 6v batteries in a row, so mine runs with 12v
Im trying to clone one of these 433mhz transmitters. I was able to clone the orginal transmitter back in 2012 to same kind of 433mhz clonable transmitter. Both orginal and 2012years clone work perfectly for our gate.now i bought few new transmitters from few vendors. all should be the same frequency. I am able to clone them but they just dont work. What could i be doing wrong?I have tried;Making sure the frequencies are rightcloning from orginal transmittercloning from 2012 clone transmitterchanging batteriesdifferent buttonsdifferent types of clone transmittersdifferent cloning angles
818282Sounds like the only thing you haven't tried is returning it on warranty. That would be my next step. You've done literally all you can do without voiding it, you may as well use it.
So what I understand is that you've bought a transmitter, that has some sort of clone function. This transmitter confirms it has successfully cloned input, but activating it doesn't work?You mention few vendors. Are you sure they are the same system? Even with the same frequencies there can be number of differences as to what the cloning transmitter actually stores, outputs and thus is able to clone.Does your original transmitters work as well as they used to. Maybe an interference source has appeared nearby that makes the cloned transmission corrupt. Try cloning in "quiet" place - out of city, away from industrial places.You could try listening to what the transmissions sound like. Set radio receiver to AM mode and tune to any free spot with lower frequency. If you bring the key-chain next to receiver you should hear some interference. This way you can determine if it actually transmits, if it sounds as loud as original one, and if the noise is at least of similar pattern - if it's not either it's from different system or something gets corrupted during the cloning.That's all you can really DIY. If it doesn't help, return them and try to get the same vendor/model.
Hi. I have the plans for a stage for a small venue I help operate. I am concerned about the thickness of the deck or floor, if you will. My research has lead me to 3/4" for the minimal thickness, does that sound about right for a medium use stage? It will only be for DJ's, small bands, and maybe very small theatre acts. Thanks yall
817974What is the distance between the supports ?Clearly the firtwer appart, the thicker the wood needs to be. Even 3mm plywod would work with supports 5mm apart
No specific material/building advice to offer, however, I have also ran/run venues "with small stages..", and:It will only be for..- is srsly not a good vantage point upon which your build ideas should venture forth If its a venue with public access? And, its a stage? Assume-the worst, capacity-wise, load and weight-bearing tolerance, etc. - and then multiply that by about the number of days till Christmas.Not to be that guy either, but, be sage with a stage, because it will *always* will get 20 times the abuse you originally planned for.
3/4" decking, joists at 16" centers. Stick with what works. And screw it to gather with coated deck screws, no nails.
817981Originally, joists were to be 24". 817985Honestly didnt think about this, thanks 817987And double thanks, back to drawing board
does the stage sit on existing floor?24 inch joists is quite far apart I would personally put on an extra layer of joists or put in at least 2 inch thickness of floor board given its use
817974A buddy of mine worked heavy construction building a bridge. When they took down the concrete forms he loaded a couple up and dropped them off at my house. 2"x10" covered in 1" ply. They did stage and dance floor duty for a few years until I gave them to a neighbor who uses them as a deck.
Any idea how to make a couch out of a matress or two, two cinder blocks, and a wall, perhaps?
818120Today, on this old abandon house...making furniture out of construction materials and diseased mattresses.
8181201. Put cinder blocks on the wall2. Put matress on the cinder blocks3. sit on matressdone
Do you own a chainsaw?
818120Jesus, I remember when it was the beginning of the school year that the retards showed up.
, 
Sup /diy/, I need your brainmeats.Pic related is part of a larger project. The blue section represents a 900x800 section of toweling backed canvas. This will be for the sake of argument 4mm thick. The red section represents the same canvas rolled up. I need to calculate the diameter of this roll. I don't into maths at the best of times and honestly, I don't even know where to begin googling. No, this is not my homework, it is part of a bird cage cover.Halp?
818285there is no information about the red sectionyou just gave information about the blue part
818286 there is no information about the red section818285 The red section represents the same canvas rolled up. So, it would represent D, where D is both the diameter of the roll that would result from rolling the blue part up, and the value I need to calculate.
818285Use this but backwards.http://www.had2know.com/technology/rolled-material-sheet-length-calculator.html
818285actually depending on how tightly you roll it up it will be differentso what exactly is this, what is the use and how tightly it is rolled upin fact for this sort of calculation it is better and easier to just do a real life test
818299That looks useful in the same way an umbrella looks useful in a thunderstorm. I'll review all that nonsense when I am less not sober.818304 in fact for this sort of calculation it is better and easier to just do a real life testThe outcome doesn't actually matter in *this* particular case it turns out. Application is pic related, a roll flap all weather cage cover for my three cockatiels, think tent and you'll get the idea, front flap attaches to rear section at red line, rear section affixed to back of cage.As I was drawing all this up I was wondering how long I would need to make the straps at various points to tie the rolls back, and got to wondering how one would calculate the diameter of a roll of [insert dimensions here] material at a given length. I can think of other applications where this would be a useful thing to calculate and I had a live example of the problem, so I thought I'd ask. As I say, doesn't really matter here, but if the brain rape 818299 has unleashed upon me comes to make sense, I may be able to work it out from there. I'm certainly still curious how you'd do it.
818328realistically you cannot "calculate" it since it has to take into account the material compression, surface tension, actual rolling starting point, and possibly rolling technique, moisture content, material deforming, etci.e. it is not a simple maths problem, and if you do simple maths, it is just an approximation anyway. and if you just want an approximation, it is probably quicker to do a test in actual.
818330I realise a compressible towel is a poor material example, lets try something else. Consider pic related. Lets say I am designing a bunker with various length height roller doors fucking everywhere; I have selected the type and know the dimensions of its roller and each slat. How do I know how much space to reserve in each wall for the door roller when completely retracted?
818339If you want an exact number, you'll be looking for much longer than it takes to just try it.Going by cross-sectional areas though, and with a 10mm diameter gap in the middle, you're looking at about 70mm diameter minimum.
818285This sounds like calculus or some miserable shit like that. Try /sci/.
818339... you ask the manufacturer for specfications, and they will give you info say 4 meters of roll will need X amount of space.And how do they get it you ask? They have a roll rolled up and then measured from the roll itself and then probably give some extra space.i.e. you don't calculate everything in real life.
818285Google roll diameter calculator:http://www.handymath.com/cgi-bin/roll4.cgi?submit=Entry
So erm, this isn't quite DIY, but not sure where else it would have to go. I've got little clue when it comes to doing this shit so erm.I'm setting up my piano stool, and the legs have this rubber piece on their screw/steelwire/whatever the proper english name is. That's just for protection during transport right? As in, I take em off before putting this thing in and screwing on the nut on the other side of hole.
818352ermThis makes you a bad person. Stop this shit.
818356Thanks man, this should get me going now.
818352 DO NOT REMOVE THE PLASTIC SLEEVE.why do you think it would special protection during tranportation ?
Hello there, i was wondering if /diy/ is handy with ropes and pulleys?Got this Fender Fuzz Wah. It has a tricky system to move the potentiometer. Mine had this system proken, the thin rope was just attached to point "A".In the image:GREEN is the potentiometerRED are pulleysGOLDEN+SPRING THING is rope plus a spring that was in the middleBLUE are screws where the extremes of the rope is attachedBLACK is the bolt where it rocksI did what is seen below. Didnt work. It pulls the nose of the pedal down. It shouldnt. It should stay fixed in whatever position you leave it.Any ideas?
818335proken*broken
bump
How do i get about sanding down and leveling the sections that i carved out? I wanna make it flat and smooth.
220 Grit and a pencil eraser.
817213routeror dremel with router attachmentdepends on how big it is.
if you have a drill press, congratulations, you're half way there. If not, you are going to want to build a jig that can support your power drill in an upright fashion at an adjustable height.Now, go out and buy yourself a millbit. yes, I know what I said, a millbit. pic related.Put your millbit in the drill and zip-tie the trigger. lower the millbit into your beveled channels until desired depth is achieved.Gently mill out the areas, and presto! Perfectly smooth emboss. also, you now have a DIY mill.
Clean up with spoon knife? and then get in there with a flap wheel on a dremel?Or, you might be able to carve a custom wooden block that will fit into the grooves and attach a piece of sandpaper to it.
817251You'll prematurely wear out the bearings in your drill press doing that. Just an FYI.
Detail sanding stick
817268Will they wear out from the horizontal forces or something else?
817464Yes. Drill press bearings are primarily thrust bearings and not made for high lateral forces. Light milling in wood should be okay, though, really, this is a router's job, not a drill/mill.
817469how well would a dremel handle the forces?
817743IME, a dremel will handle just about anything. Problem is, it's kinda hard to get things really level and even when you're holding the tool. But I sand, cut, rout, grind all kinds of shit with my decade old dremel and she gets hot, but she never quits.
817743The sell routing bits and an actual routing attachment for cheap, and it works alrightI routed out a bunch of MDF with one, and it roached the bitDremel just kept on kicking while I was bogging it down. MDF is really really tough on cutting tools.
817748Ive seen them, been thinking about gettin gone,817747I know they are pretty toughJust wanted to make sure this kind of stuff wasnt just something that you can do but probably shouldnt do for too long.Thanks for the replies
Did you get the arm reattached?
817743WEAR A FACE GUARD WITH DREMELS!
817802The trick is to just cut on the other side, but thanks for the heads up
817798not yet but i did do some more carving and hand sanding with 100 grit. im kinda scared of using a disk sander cause i might sand more than i want to and mess things up.
818268i might sand more than i want to and mess things up.Solid attitude/10. I see tonnes of people at our hackerspace go full retard because powertools and wreck all sorts of jobs with messy lines and overcuts everywhere. Do a bulk of the work then use hand tools to get to your final line. It's much easier to wreck a piece with an out of control jigsaw than it is a hand file. Pic related, all finished by hand. Only powertool used was a rough cut of the arcs.Also, save some of the sanding/saw dust if you still can, mix a bunch into a spot of wood glue till you get a toothpaste-sih consistency, then use this to back fill the crack where the arm broke, leaving enough in and over the hole that the "putty" will sand down smooth when two days dry. Use this anytime you overly molest a piece and need to back fill defects.
Hey /diy/, I'd ask /o/ this question but I figured it would be better suited for /diy/ since you guys know about electronics.I got a new cigarette lighter socket for my car. The new lighter socket only has one wire going to it and it came with the plastic thing shown in the pic.It came with no instructions, so I'm not totally sure how to use it.I'm guessing that I'd strip all the wires, put ground in the innermost slot of the plastic thing, put the hot wire on the outermost slot, and put the wire to the socket in the other side of the outermost socket. Is this correct?
816114Thats a wire splice.You don't strip the wires at all you simply put that on the two wires that you would join.
816121Thanks, I get how to use a wire splice now....but what about the ground wire? My car has one, and my old socket was hooked up to it, but this one doesn't. Would I just not connect the ground wire? That doesn't seem right.
816114They are mean to allow you to slice wires, however they're just terrible. Once you install them you have no easy way of verifying a proper connection. If it doesn't connect in a warm area, solder and heat shrink are your best options. You save yourself hassle later on.
I think you'll need a different socket, it seems like the new one is designed to connect to ground through your car's frame instead of a ground wire. Why do you need to replace the other one?
816145I think you'll need a different socket, it seems like the new one is designed to connect to ground through your car's frame instead of a ground wire.I see. Thanks for the info!Why do you need to replace the other one?The old one was rusty and full of cigarette ashes. Didn't work when I got the car. Took it apart and cleaned off the rust reasonably well, then it worked for a couple weeks. Stopped working again, took it apart again and did a more thorough cleaning and it still wouldn't work. Checked to see that there was power going through the wire, and there was. Figured I'd just get a new one since they're so cheap.
816127That fucking keyboard
816200Yeah...I need to clean it.
816201Those look like spiderwebs.Seriously. Clean that shit.Mfw
816114If you connect the wire in the cars wiring harness that goes to the original socket directly to the replacement socket you don't need the blue thing. Scotch-Lock816114new lighter socket only has one wire going to itLook for a different style that has either a ring with a wire or connector tab or a tab spot-welded to the shell of the socket in addition to the connector for the center pin.
816127File: IMG_20150523_083135226.jpgAre you sure there isn't a tab on the shell that screws on those big thread to hold the socket in place?
816127Depends how the socket is hooked up. If it's screwing into a metal panel and there's any bare metal, then chances are it's grounding through the chassis. This is fairly normal in cars - the entire chassis is electrical ground. This makes wiring much simpler and indirectly protects you from lightning strikes but it's also how you end up with those wonderful pictures where someone has dropped a wrench across the V+ and chassis and welded it forever in place. Or the same, but with their watches / wedding rings. Remember kids: you can spot the married machinists because they're the ones missing the ring finger on their left hand. GIS "Ring Injuries" if you want difficulty sleeping.If it's going into plastic and the original had two wires, then yeah, find a better replacement part. Sounds like you're not really technical enough to ground it yourself.
816495File: wrench.jpgenh... that'll buff right outI tried to teach my son:I warned my son to always take the ground cable loose first and replace it last when removing/replacing the battery in his vehicle.How he actually learned:When he had to kick the wrench loose being welded to the fender because he was taking the positive clamp off first.
816114its a shitty wire "splice" holder thing, Throw it away and install the new cigaret ligher socket RIGHT.as for it only having two wires, Im thinking they jewed you out of a wire, or the old one has a nut that you screw in.Take the old one out and see if you can make sense of how it goes together. When you figure out how to hook it up, look up how to splice a wire with solder and heatshrink.The #1 problem with car electric is half ass splicing.
816540How I learned.  removing power wire to car amp, direct connect to battery BC stupid kid pulling wire though hole in firewall. Gets stuck, pull harder.  wire suddenly turns to jelly, casing melts off, red hot didn't disconnect from battery first. Fortunately had wire cutters handy
816907Batteries can also explode BC h2 gas. I treat them with a lot more respect now, and wear goggles when replacing or working around.
816375Yeah, it did end up having that. Thanks for pointing that out!Anyway, socket is installed and working fine. I listened to you guys and ditched the splice and used the kind you crimp shut.
Hey, fellas. I need your help. I need to find out exactly what this is called. This one was in my neighborhood my whole life and now they are tearing it down. I need to find another. Thanks in advance, guys!
It's called a "Swing Set."Glad I could help, gentle anon.
817124I understand its a swing ha. This rotates in a circle from the center post. Think of those massive ones at fairs that spin in a circle, just built for two.
817127It has a special name: it is called a rotating swing set.
817131Thanks, bru. I never thought to search that. Very helpful.
http://www.playgroundcentre.com/products/spinning-circus/ Close enough?
817168No.
817121If you want to talk about building one go ahead otherwise /out/522147
817168da breakha
You would need:SteelChainTruck stub axelSeatsWelding and cutting equipmentMisc bolts etcHow would anon go about bending some old leaf springs for the top springs?
817242go to a local fab shop and they could roll them for a few bucks
http://chestofbooks.com/crafts/popular-mechanics/The-Boy-Mechanic-700-Things-for-Boys-to-Do/How-To-Make-A-Merry-Go-Round-Swing.html#.VWPxoZPtSXg
817121Grab it before they throw it out.
I love these things my uncle built one out of 3 water heaters and a car rim in his back yard about 25 years ago
817283this, just steal it OP.
817121why don't you just ask the people removing it if you can have/buy it
Hey /diy/. I have an old answering machine still functioning that I can play with. What are some things I can do with it? I don't have very much experience with electronics so simple projects would be better.
816991What are some things I can do with it?desoldering 101, there's lots of tasty through-hole components there to be harvestedyou will need:- a solder sucker ooh- a decent soldering iron Velleman VTS55 or eq.- a spool of 63 Pb/37 Sn solder- a tin of tip tinner- a steady hand- a dose of patiencehave fun you lucky anon :3c
816991I'm bored and want to break shitGo outside or something and stop breaking shit.There is nothing particularly useful you're going to get from breaking that into pieces. You'll end up with a bag of junk parts that you won't know what to do with.Want to learn about electronics? Buy some kits to assemble. I recommend radio receiver kits.
817006Buying kits is like buying an Ikea chair. The design is already laid out for you. Also it costs too much money to be practical. you have to break some shit as well as build your own shit if you want to learn and don't want to end up with a big bag of parts and some broken shit. 816994specifically:  7 segment display buttons The image won't load for me so all I can see is the thumbnail
816994desolderingneed spool of solderfor what cleaning the tip or something?817006kind of agree with this, you really want to sit and desolder the WORST KIND of soldering a 7 segment display when you can go buy one of any size, shape, color, pin arrangement you want for what $1?is it even worth your time?throw it out of a window or drive over it with your car or something. set fire to it.I don't get people who have bags of desoldered components, all odd value resistors with short legs because they have already been trimmed. like what are they useful for?do people design projects around resistor/capacitor values they find?i get it if you are after some VFD or something obscure, heck i read about some guy got a good deal on relay boards and sat and desoldered them all to build a relay computer and saved an assload of money, sure i get that, it makes sense.but you want a 7 segment display or a couple of tactile keyboard switches?just smash it up.
816991 old answering machineIt doesn't even have a tape
817022Having a bit of lead based solder can dramatically lower the melting temperature of ROHS solder.
817089noted. thanks anon.
816991take the bottom board out and flip it over
817089even if you aren't dealing with RoHS solder which you probably aren't since this is elderly enough to be using exclusively through-hole parts, a little dab of new solder on the iron tip can make it a lot easier to get good thermal contact with the existing solder bead and melt it so you can get a clean suck817022it's often easier/cheaper to get unusually valued passives as pulls than it is to buy them, especially if you only need one or two - small orders tend to have an opaque surcharge just because it's inefficient for suppliers more used to satisfying large orders to fetch, package, and ship just a few of a given partalso, even if you just want a few special parts, it's better to desolder them than to remove them mechanically, you're a lot more likely to end up with something you can actually useanyway, if you're just sitting watching tv or whatever, why not desolder at the same time? like needlework, it's a simple hand chore that doesn't need all that much concentration, and it's pleasant to do at the same time you're doing something else that doesn't occupy your hands
817008The design is already laid out for youThat's the whole point. OP knows Jack Shit about electronics, so what's he going to do with a bunch of junk parts that he'll probably ruin removing from something that still works? It's wasteful and kind of dumb. You buy kits that give you assembly and soldering practice, give you a *working* device when you get done I always recommend radio receivers because anyone can use them and they do something useful, and once it's done and working you can go through the schematic and learn *why* it works. It's a learning experience and a fun project, not a waste of money or time, and it says much about you if you say it is. If the OP likes building kits and learns how and why they work the way they do then at some point he can move on to trying to create his own projects. Until he learns some basics it's just having a box of junk parts around and not really knowing what to do with them. Seriously, how many guys here buy Arduino and RPi and displays and all sorts of stuff because they think it's 'cool', then post here asking what to do with it all? Rhetorical question, there's plenty of them. It's not a good way to learn electronics.
I have to agree that kits are a good place to start. Something simple, I wouldn't recommend a radio.
817154So, just start with a 300 in 1 kit?http://www.sciplus.com/p/300in1-electronics-kit_204?gclid=cmeutdku3sucfqioaqodccyaea
817192Yeah, you could do something like that, too.What I was thinking is more like what these guys are selling: http://www.ramseyelectronics.com/Hobby-Kits/b/6290126011817181'Radio kits' as in simple TRF receivers, which can be as simple as a single transistor or a single diode detector for that matter. Teach you about RF tuned circuits and transistor amplifiers and such.
816991I don't have very much experience with electronics so simple projects would be better.Internet's your guide. Take this opportunity to teach yourself something new.Increase the memory of calls it can record before deleting them?Put something neat and fancy inside it so that any missed call from your mobile instantly goes to that answering machine?
I want to build a skateboard in the style of a Ferrari F40.I don't know much about skateboards, what type of things can I add to the deck thatwould make a skateboard resemble this car?
818126uwat?
818126Popup lights...Rear spoiler...Lambo doors...
818141indeed, lambo doors are what makes a ferrari a ferrari
818141Windshield HeadlightsMirrors...
818126Charge fourhunnerd kay for it
818126For balding bankers with middle-age crises?
So I got this wrist rest today. It's all sanded, stained, etc. However, no oil has been applied to it. I'm not sure which would be best to use, since it's stained black. I would like to not have any kind of yellow tinge to it after applying the oil. Is mineral oil my best option? I have no idea which kind of wood it is either.
tung oil
817495Would that not give it quite a lot of colouration?
817494I use olive oil on the ones I make.
Clear varnish. Or a couple coats of clear poly, going over it with a Brillo pad between each coat.
anyone here ever build a boat?i found a website that has free design plans for canoes and sailboats, fucking hell sailboats are expensive to build. i originally wanted to build something for 4 to 6 people, but i think i'll just start with a two person canoe for this summeranyways, any tips, links, stories, etc. about boats would be appreciated
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3HJtuO1-n5aVk5TZHo4bVNlVzQ/viewthat one is my favorite from http://www.diy-wood-boat.com/probably won't be starting that until next summer though
816164something for 4 to 6 peopleI'd start with a Sunfish honestly
816175seems neat, found this link http://www.bateau.com/studyplans/MF14_study.htm?prod=MF14you ever build one?
816164see816185
not OP, but which canoe is easiest to build?
I gutted and repaired a Hunter 23.5. Whatever you do, don't buy a cabin cruiser, sail. Sail you ass off because it is how the water should be experienced.
816164sortofIt was a ductape cannoeTerrible boat design, very unstableThe thing was strong and water-proof thoughBamboo is surprisingly good at an improved skeleton
816164Built a one sheet skiff for my kids. Exterior plywood, zinc screws, and construction adhesive with exterior paint. Cheap build, weighs ~40 lbs, can hold ~250 lbs. I looked at building a sailboat and concluded that anything beyond 2 ppl / D4-like dinghy, you're better off buying an old one and fixing up, b/c there are tons of them in areas you can actually sail.
817408Plans: D4 http://www.beymer.com/D4/boat.htmlOSS: http://www.duckworksbbs.com/plans/oss/index.html
816164I once built a boat out of an empty milk carton and then I used toothpics and elestics and carton to make it so I could wind it up and when set free on the water it would automaticly propulse itself a little forward
I was around 12 years old when I built my own canoe. My younger cousin and I built two of the same model to go whitewater canoeing in the backyard creek when the water level rose post-rain. We used what we had available.How to build my design:Bundle 6mil plastic sheeting into a canoe shape by tying the ends with mason line.Use small creekside bamboo to line the bottom of the canoe for flotation.Go to raised flowing creek and have your cousin/friend/whoever put you in.....PROFIT???Word of advice: Never do this, unless you like sinking immediately.lessonlearned.jpg
for anyone still interested, this is probably the coolest video series i've ever seen: dude moved with his family from the states i think to costa rica, and then built them a house boat to live on. still in progress, but done enough that you can see how cool it is.starts here, i think he's up to video #18 now.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfVWFe-0UxM
, 
Anyone here a fan of perler beads?
Anyone here a child in a Joann fabrics?
2015not picking charmanderits like you want to be a faggot OP
People eat this up at conventions.Get an artist table and make a few hundred bucks with keychains and bigger display pieces
807338also, get creative with your designs. Big flat pieces are cool and eye catching, sure, but if you make something unusual, it'll set you apart.
I've been making perler for about, 5 years now. Have a collection of pokemon, NES sprites, 16 bit characters, did a full size Haunter sprite 1:1 scale but it broke apart :
I remember playing with these as a kid and the fucking adults never realized you were supposed to iron both sides so they always feel apart.Now I realized I just really want to make a pick and place machine for these. That would be fucking cool as shit.
808133To really do them right for game sprites, you'll want to flat iron them. Like really press down. On the display side, you want no remnant of the holes, and the bead should become a square sprite when pressed evenly by the beats around it. Of course, if you go for really flat, it will deform the outside beads. So to get good squares all around, I put an extra row of throw away bead all the way around. Typically in clear, and then cut them off afterwards.
808280I feel like I should be taking notes. This is a good thread.
Where can you buy these in bulk for cheap?
808315The cheapest I've found is the Perler manufacturers themselves, EK Success brandshttp://www.eksuccessbrands.com/perlerbeads/Products/1000_Beads__See_All_Colors_041500P.htmYou can order packages of 1000 beads of any color they produce which is a lot less than it sounds and they discount them to about $2.00 a bag if you order enough bags.
808133make a pick and place machineFund it
Sup op. I am a perler bead fan.Made these. I have carpal tunnnel so havent made many. Gonna make as many characters as I can for when I move. Theyre sick wall decals. 2d ftw.
Ikea sells a 700 gram box for €4.99http://www.ikea.com/pt/pt/catalog/products/50128572/Is this price any good?
808133how do you iron both sides?Asking because I tried just flipping it off the pegboard, turning it round, but a lot of them break when I iron back.Noobishly requesting step by step guide, expecting d'oh moment. Thanks
I love the smell of the warm plastic after ironing it.
808126Haunter 5 feet tall. Why.
808433put something on it then flip it sandwiched between your ironing boards. like flipping a waffle iron
808433I'm ironing them with baking paper between them and the iron if that helps.
808510808576Many thanks, kudos and thumbsup!
807338This, especially pony people. They will spend crazy amounts of money on these
8084192d ftwThey can always make some great 3D stuff as well as long as you don't push it too far.Like those parasprites in 807338
807075Millenial Bedazzling
Where do you find layouts/blueprints for these?Seems like a neat hobby for someone like me with nothing to do with most of my time
810068what is pixel art
810068You use the sprite directly. Just enlarge it if you need too.
810075810076ok I get the pixel art easy enough but I mean like the 3d ones like the bomombs and such
810098Those were designed from scratch and made by me for our table
808642Not really. Lot's of sellers, but they seem to take home most of the stuff they come with.What sells at pony cons are 1. high end plushie commissions of custom characters, 2. mini-figures that have been re-painted or bits added on create new costumes or transform them into custom characters, 3. art prints.Hasbro encourages Bronies to make and sell 3D printed ponies, but *only* if it's printed at Shapeways - http://www.shapeways.com/superfanart/mylittlepony - I guess they figure they can't stop it, so they'll profit off it. Even so, hand molded and painted figures still sell because they are much cheaper.
friend just found his old box of these in his closetfuck yeah perler beads
I have dabbled.
810068http://www.spriters-resource.com/http://spritedatabase.net/Match the colors as closely as you can. 1 pixel= 1 bead. 16 bit art will be bigger, because it has more pixels.You can also look on sprite cross stitching forums. Their patters will typically work for beads too.
811131Very helpful thx
807338I made those parasprites and bob-ombs and let me tell you, even though it'll take a LOT of trial and error, it's really worth coming up with your own designs because you can make little tweaks as you go to make future projects go smoother.For the 3D spherical look, start with a circle pegboard and work from the outermost ring inward. Make each layer only 2 bead rows thick so that you have enough surface area for your glue to adhere to, but the finished product will still remain hollow inside and save you a bunch of time if you want to add details like the Key on the bob-ombs or the wings on the parasprites.Keep in mind that perler beads are just about as tall as they are wide, so if you can get them juuuussst melted enough that they stick together without actually flattening them like you would for a 2-D piece, you can plan to mixing the layers of your 3D piece with 2D accents like the key or wings. Since you're gluing layers together, that will supplement the strength of fusing them together that you're sacrificing for the thicker look you want from each layer.pic relatedHere's a layout of all the individual layers I used when making a parasprite. The top layer is a single disc while the bottom layer is the same size, but with holes in it to accommodate the little 2D legs that I hold in there with hot glue. The tab that I've labelled in the middle sections is used so that when the layers are assembled, you have two 3-Bead tall slots in which to insert the 2D wings which I used glow-in-the-dark beads for extra effect with.I really encourage people to use this template for their own fun ideas and I really hope more is done with 3D perler stuff. All I ask is that maybe, if you're planning to sell them, just give a link to my page. http://hoodoosteve.deviantart.com/Best of luck! I'll answer any other questions I can if folks are still interested
808431As long as you don't mind sorting them yourself. I recommend getting super high and putting on decent relaxing tunes while you do it. It got me through a tub about twice that size.
Doing these are great ways to pass the time, but I always fuck up the ironing. Ive tried stuff, like using masking tape, but I always heat it up too much and it ends up sticking and its just a big pain in the ass. Is there any method for getting the shit ironed properly easly, or should i just get better at what I do now.
Perler beads look amazing with an EL panel under them
812682Great info. Thanks anon
813375Do yourself a huge favor and just get the individual color bags. You won't waste hours of time sorting them and you're guaranteed to get as much of each color as you need.
814682Wax paper, my man.
Straight out SotN. I think it came out ok. I didn't have a few of the odd ball colors that were placed, like once.
816732Not bad at all! If you were going to sell it, you'd probably have customers bitching about it not being ironed flat enough to close the holes, but for my tastes and personal decoration, it's looking good & even
815258NO, not wax paper. Parchment paper. Wax paper will stick to the beads.
814682815258817800Why not a normal baking paper?It's even recommended on Ikea's website.When your design is ready, cover the beads with baking paper and iron over them with an iron set to medium warm/hot for a few seconds, so that the beads melt together.
817905You don't bake wax paper. Only parchement paper is suitable to go in an oven, hence "baking paper"
Can I reverse the direction of this motor by swapping the T3 and T4 connections?or will i have to separate the winding between T3 and T4 from T9/SW?
, 
Have to make a mask on school. Have decorate it and it have to be original. Tips pls
817896gill selvmage death masgguarandeed a+
817903/b/, you are drunk. Go home to /b/. LURK MOAR. And stop disabling your ankle monitor and eluding the guards.
Architect student?
Cover with living moss.
, 
Can you ever have too many c-clamps? I keep buying more and I still keep running out.
814639You can never have too many clamps.
814639oh man i need to get more clampsthanks for the reminder op.
814639Those are mostly bar clamps, but no you can never have too many.
Hell no, you can never have too many clamps!
I only have two clamps right now but I've been considering getting more clamps. Should I get more clamps?
814660No, those are C-clamps. Also called G-clamps. Bar clamps don't use threaded shafts.
814639I need to get another Handscrew Clamp. Handier than the C-clamps for about everything but heavy or hot work.
I just ran out of clamps while doing some work today. I'll take this thread as a sign to go buy more tomorrow.Thank you.
814669Yeah, you'll probably want two or three hundred more clamps.
Nah man. F-clamps fo' life. G Clamps fuck you, they ain't C clamps are good for a lot of pressure. But a F-clamp has a wider range / clamp size. Quick to change size too. Great things.
814639You need more bar clamps. We don't have all day waiting for you to adjust each clamp, and those are limiting you on work size.
8146604 out of 37mostly
pipe clamp master race
Have push cart full of c-clampsNeed to do something thats going to take almost all of themRoll it over and tip it on its sideMindlessly reach for them as requiredSpend 5 minutes feeling around for something that isn't thereWelp, time to go for a drive and hope this shit doesn't explode
814639N-no?
814639Just the experts I've been looking for! So in my research for buying pipe clamps, I see three types: galvanized, black and zinc. Seems like there are two camps between galvanized and black, with the criticism of galvanized that they slip, and the criticism of the black is that it comes off on the wood. And I have yet to find any opinions about the rockler zinc pipes, other than that they are expensive. So what does diy think?
815054You just get standard pipe from the hardware store. Don't but the clamps with the pipe. Places that sell that shit over charge you for pile by a mile.I've used black and galvanized. Their points are valid. I don't care though. As for your 'zinc' pipes, what do you think galvanized pipes are coated with? Hint: its zinc! Unless they are selling a solid zinc pipe its the same thing.
cabinet frame clamps are pretty nice if you do a lot of that
815060But so do yours ever slip? It sounds like the tradeoff is the black grips better because of the paint, yet the paint gets on the wood. So it's one or the other. Would you agree with that assessment?
Jaw clamps are by far my favorite, I only have two and I use them more than c-clamps by far. I just like how fluid they are when adjusting, and dont take forever to open or close either.This would probably qualify for a "ghetto DIY thread" but one time I needed to file down a small part I was tinkering with in my kitchenno want to go to shop room because cold.first jaw clamp goes onto roorframejaw clamp #2 secures part against clamp #1proceed to hand-file part like a boss
815070I always put scrap wood or something under my clamps if I'm afraid of marring the surface of whatever's being clamped.
815060As for your 'zinc' pipes, what do you think galvanized pipes are coated with?Galvanized means they were hot dipped in zinc, zinc or zinc coated refers to being electroplated with zinc.
I love some n-clamps too.
815072Jaw clampsThey had them in HS and called them 'wood clamps'. When I just searched 'Handscrew' clamp came up. Whatever, they're handy as fuck!The large hold and ease of use keep me going to the one I bought just for the large hold. I use that thing all the time. Fence post saw guide for one. I need to get another one.
815976815072worth mentioning that if your buying these whole then your doing it wrong...you can buy the threaded rods and the inserts to make these, then cut the clamp sides out and mortise them yourself for a much cheaper price than buying them prebuilt....
815981Thanks Anon for this! Where do you go for your hardware?
815984used to get them at woodcraft, ordered them from grizzly at some point I think...googled it and on amazon you can get the jorgensen kits for about half the cost of the regular clamp for the same size..grizzly sells the shopfox ones... http://cdn0.grizzly.com/manuals/d3015_m.pdf
815993Thanks much!I'll work those links out.
815993Many thanks for your time!At least for me it's appreciated when a poster formulates a post and still makes sense
I pretty much believe you can never have enough clamps. Every time I go into a local hardware store I buy at least 1 clamp, even if its just a 6 inch jorgensen bar clamp.
OP here, I have a confession to make. The picture in the OP is just some picture I found on google some guy that makes guitars I think, this is my actual clamps collection. It's small but growing. I have a few more clamps that are currently being used.
Fuck year G-clamps.Just bought a few more the grey ones the other day.
816211whats that Styrofoam tube on top?
816038is there special hardware you can buy to to turn a c-clamp into a tabletop vise grip?
814667kek
817762That's a pool noodle. It's an essential tool in any task.
817781yfw you have a $300 cart that lets you pull out double wall ovens without risk of dropping them and you modify it with a $2 pool noodle so it won't mark up a cabinet if it's bumped into one...
817763I happen to be planning something like that, a small vise for Dremel work, My plan so far is to use the ball-joint from an old camera tripod and a Wolfcraft quick-clamp. With the possibility of exchanging the clamp for a holder for the Dremel itself.
817904Why don't you use a Panavise?
817975I didn't know about them and i really like the Idea of them but it seems a bit harder/more expensive to get them here in my part of Europe... Also, I saw the Dremel multi-vice where they had a holder for the Dremel attached directly to the ball-joint and that seemed like a nice feature.
817993They have been in production for decades, see if you can find a used one cheap on eBay or something.
, 
So, remodeling a porch section by section. Kind of ended up framing myself into a corner here, in a tight spot with less than optimal choices.Can I hang a joist hanger for a horizontal 2x8 directly in the middle of a 4x4 vertical post?
Why would you want to, can you post a picture for reference?
Why would you ever have a horizontal 2x8?
The very large, very heavy concrete steps are in my way, and I need to connect the two halves.I redid and then expanded my house into the porch one half at a time. I'm running into trouble just at the entrance here.....The post is solid on concrete there, but if I frame wood underneath it, it would end up mostly on dirt, which doesnt seem like a very strong foundation to me....
What I want to do is connect the 2x8 to the other joist just out of frame here and also under some existing construction, hard to show which has the same problems as this post.
817957I will strongly suggest "nope". You would be much better off to run a 2x4 against the 4x4 from the foundation below to the bottom height of the 2x8 you wish to install. That way you're not trusting the nails holding a hanger to not back out over time. Nail the 2x4 to the 4x4, then toe-nail the 2x8 to the 4x4. I know floor joist use hangars, but the 2x8 you plan to use will have the added weight of the deck attach to it, right? My opinion.
Anyone tried to make one themselve? Since they start at like $50, I feel like it's a given to make those instead of buying them
817024ask schools for old rusty ones they throw out.paint them if you feel the need to diy.
817024Yeah. Steel tubes with inner thread + a table with suitable bolts on a 100x100mm grid, bolts countersunk so that won't protrude from table's surface.Pros: you can have lots of stands.Cons: fixed spacing, making adjustments cumbersome sometimes.I see no reason why you couldn't make single stands using the same basic idea.
817024Fucking plank and a dowel rod.
Cleaning out the shop. What is this for?
817223Dunno lolHave you tried googling for the number 5, there seems to be one printed on it, it may give you some clue.
817223Put it on a plain white surface, take a picture of it, then do a Google Image Search of that, see if it comes up with anything.
could be used for wrapping up cord or shortening tent cord
817246The number 5 is probably referring to the type of plastic used in the construction.
817223looks like a dovetail template
Something like this
817262817275correcto
817254
817223its used to keep extension cords and the things plugged into them from being separated.
Need the name of a cutting torch tip smaller than an inch. What do they call it? Thanks in advance.
817499It's called a cutting torch, retard.
817499they are numbered less that an inch is going to be the smallest size you can get
817499Need the name of a cutting torch tip smaller than an inch. What do they call it? Thanks in advance.warning: I am not a welding expert....the smallest proper cutting tips I have heard of is the ones for the old Henrob/Dillon/cutslike plasma GOOD GOD that is so retarded torch:hXXp://www.cutlikeplasma.com/Disclaimer: I think the Henrob torch is nothing that special really, unless you need really small proper cutting ability. It does have that advantage.Other than that it is an overpriced, heavy, pistol-grip torch, and no other company makes pistol grip torches, because they don't work real well for most stuff.I have a "B" size torch kit a port-a-torch setup and the tips are only a little bit smaller than normal-size torch tips.I have a Gentec jewelry torch kit and it only has heating tips ----- https://contenti.com/soldering-n-joining/torches-n-regulators/jeweler-s-torches-tips/gentec-small-torch-kitpic related: the "B" size torch next to the tiny jewelry torch
Question format is incorrect.Cutting torch tips are sized by number which refers to appropriate cutting range for that tip.There are multiple cutting torch tips and brand interchange charts if you need those whose proper range is under 1" plate.
Hi,im working on some developmentboards such as xplained boards from atmel, or raspberry, arduino, ...Now I'd like to have a proper protection for my USB Port of my notebook. Just an external powered USB hub is not reliable, as i suggest.in first place, i'd like to protect my usb port against overcurrent and overvoltage!!, since some circuits are also externally powered. Also reserve voltage should be respected.in second place, maybe also the same protection for D+ and D-. Just in case.
817315Google "USB isolator". Buy a premade or build it yourself. Doesn't cost much.
this is something i thought about. a zdiode, to ensure maximum of 5V at the usb port. a self resetting fuse with about 500mA. and maybe a external powersource for more current output.pic related
817317damn... thats what i searched for... thanks
817319If the "port" is meant to represent the laptops USB port then put the clamping diode on the other side of the fuse, that way it wont burn up in the event of the 5v rail in the laptop going too high. It should simply clamp momentarily and then blow the fuse.
817749but then you can get into serious trouble, if the voltage is getting to high, the diode might not handle to sink all the current and will burn. imediately after, i will have a high voltage at my usb port. or am i wrong?
817834The typical failure mode for overvoltage protection zeners is short circuit.Add another fuse and then no matter which port tries to push overvoltage, the fuse will blow.
, 
I'd like to put a cat door in to a cat cage on my deck. I'd like the cats to have full in/out access when I'm around and I'll close the door when I'm out. That's not a problem in the summer, but how do I winterize it, so completely seal it off, in the winter? I Googled, but nothing came up about it.Thank you in advance.
Does snow pile up outside the door?
817238I will be in a ground floor suite with a deck above me and a forested view so sheltered, so there will be some snow, but very little.
817236It's tough to do, mechanically. The door needs to push open in both directions. The only thing I can think of, is to have two cat doors, both mildly spring loaded to go in opposite directions. the spring will push them against foam weatherstripping. Strong wind would still push open the in door.
817351Two-way door spring
817236Uncle has one that is held by magnets, the animal collars have some kind of rfid or something that releases the magnet. They had to install it when coons started stealing the catfood.
817360The racist in me laughed way to hard.
Kind of ot but do domestic cats hate snow like they do water?
817376Most don't but some door.
817236buy one of those doors that only open when the chip your cat has is near
817236
817376My one cat has tufts of fur on her paws, so cold or wet doesn't bother her. The tabby cat is a huge pussy and doesn't like to get his feet wet at all.817426Yes! This is what I'm going to do to the deck. I'm not worried about animals coming in because the cat door will be behind a cat enclosure. However, I don't want the cold winter air coming in 24/7 in my small studio, so how do I completely block it off? I was thinking making a wooden box and putting insulation in it and putting it against the cat flap.
817441Wish I had an answer for you but I think you're on the right track with sticking some foam insulation board on the flap. I have a similar but totally different problem. I have 3 french doors leading out to the deck and can't put in a cat door. I just leave one door ajar all day. I need to figure out something too because, yeah, open doors in the winter isn't too efficient and if it's windy the door will blow closed.
817236Try using a double door system, about 1 cat length apart, so that only one of the doors is ever open at once.I've been practicing my drafting. What do you think.
817489Oh god, those are beautiful. I have a patio door and a window beside it and there's enough room under the window for a cat flap. I'll be living by a busy road and there's coyotes, etc, that I won't let them go out unsupervised. But, my place will be so tiny, I want them to have as much space and stimulation as possible.If I make a wooden frame and stuff some insulation in there, and propr a rock up against it, it should be good? Should I bother putting plastic around or not bother since it's just a small bit of insulation and easily replaced?
817523I've been practicing my drafting. What do you think.10/10 would hireThat's a great idea and I think I'd be able to do something like that. I'd have to have the box bit on the outside, but I think it'd be totally doable. I'd also be able to put insulation in the entire box part. Thank you very much. I would never have thought of that.
817533Careful about putting nsulation on the *inside*. Choose material very carefully if so. These are cats after all.
817758I'm going to get a door that I can close when I'm not there and in the winter, close it so they can't get through and then put the box on the outside with insulation. Not worried about the tabby cat, but the other one… she did some midnight plumbing once and I found a foot long shower drain hair creature on my bathroom floor in the morning.
817523uses draftingto prevent drafts
Evening /Diy/I have a problem with my sisters car. It has a major battery drain and im gonna chase it down tomorrow. However. Im not experienced in working on cars or electricity. So im wondering if any of you can suggest where i start?Have a voltmeter, I understand car basics/constructionThey are not a mystery to me. Just never got around to work on them myself. I can work a wrench.The car is a 95 toyota Corolla sedan. 1.3xli but i doubt that matters.
1.Goto /o/ they will help you more
Connect your multimeter on your car battery.You want to get the current reading.Then start pulling fuses and checking for larger drops in current.Once you narrow it down to the specific component you'll have to figure out what's wrong with it, but that comes later.
815865i thought /o/ was a Honda civic circlejerk. I will try it if 815866 doesnt work.It sounds pretty simple. Ive read multiple ways of doing it but this one seems easiest. i will try it out
815872civicplease, they're all about their miatasthey are not really very helpful there. most of them just shitpost about trim and headlights and have never even changed a battery let alone attempted electrical work.does your sister have an imobilizer or alarm system or a subwoofer or external amplifier in her car? because usually its the sound system or the immobilizer.
815903The only thing is an electric parking clock. Im gonna check the connections on that when i get there tomorrow. Everything else is stock. The car was a recent purchase. And its had that problem from the beginning. We tried replacing the battery but that didnt help. We have zero history on this car. Owner died. Bought it off his daughter for very very little after it was sitting for a few months. 146.xxxkm on it. So i have no clue whats been done to the car previously. All we know is all work was done professionally. No backyard diy'ing.Oh yea. The car had a slight bump on the rear left taillight while it was sitting. The light is okay. But the left indicator blinks like a bulb is out. Could it be a short in the rear taillight eating all the juice off the battery?
815953The indicator and or tail light would have to be on for the battery to start draining, but yeah could possibly be something down there that has constant voltage, like what was said above, amplifier or whatever.
nothing on the indicators or tail lights. I did find a torn trunk seal. I think that created a short in the back. as i found a drain on the dome fuse. Dome light didnt work. Neither did the light in the trunk.. So pulled the fuse on that. Hoping thats good enough. Guess we'll see tomorrow if its good or not.
815863Corolla sedana quick google says the 94 and 96 model have an alarm fitted.which indicates to me that the 95 also has an alarm fitted. usually when these shit up people just cut the wires going to the alarm horn thing so it shuts up. a cat sitting on the car can make the lights blink all night. a lose wire that's been cut and just hanging in the engine bay can do this. a dodgy alarm system can also do this. find the alarm box and just disconnect it and see if the car still starts. should fix the problem.
816124the car doesnt have an alarm. Eu spec.
815863major battery drainHOw do you know? Is it a new battery? If its voltage is below 12V it's drain. To manually recharge the battery in case it can still be charged which is only possible if there're still enough electrons in the battery fluid/gel start the engine and let it run for an hour or two be sure that this isn't against the law [spoiler]In Germany it is[/spoiler] to let the alternator recharge your battery
816913run car for an hourwaste gaspollute the environment morenigga u srs? who doesnt have a battery charger, or a portable jump box handy?
816913It was the only thing that made sense. It doesnt drain anymore after removing the dome fuse. Battery was less than a week old at the time.
816943We do this a lot of at work and yes I'm a an automotive mechanic engineer
Alright guys. Thanks alot for the help. This solved it. It was indeed the trunk light that was draining. Less than 24 hours after fixing this another thing broke. Now the trunk no longer wants to open. So thats great. Hopefully i get a chance to take a look at it this weekend. Thankfully the rear seats fold down, so i can get a chance of getting in there.Apparently, my sister has the only corolla E10 in the world that actually breaks. Damnit
816943 he thinks either of those will help diagnose a dodgy alternator. conformed for no idea how ca DC works.
Can we get a DIY outdoors thread?What are some things you can make or modify that would help you for camping or hiking trips?The most famous of course are the penny can stoves, there are tons of different designs. They use alcohol as the fuel source. They cost next to nothing and can boil 2 cups of water in about 5-10 minutes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Okm_irIXFwThere is also a wood gas camp stove, made with a few metal cans. Uses wood/small branches as the fuel source.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luO3_08iqZIFeel free to share any more ideas.
816794Different ways to use standard/camo pattern tarps for tents/shelters. How to use walking sticks as poles for said shelters. Proper assemble of cheap/quality parts for first aid kits. How to make good bows/slingshots/kniveas/etc. for hunting/survival.How to power your electronics while in the wild, DC style. Solar power DC to DC converters. Power management. Wind mill/water wheel designs.Good resources for identifying plants and animals for food. How to help said plants/berries to spread for future usage/generations. Proper handling of human wastes, how to properly burn wood/create charcoal for future burning on trail/filters.Look up all those crazy/not so crazy survivalist cook books.
816794 some things you can make or modify that would help you for camping or hiking trips?My dad spent considerable amount of time on making all kinds of pouches and covers for shit. In addition to those, he made a couple of tiny saws and a tent-like contraption from some tubing, rope and tarp.
816794you know theres an entire board dedicated to outdoors... /out/
At the moment I'm working on a solar powered rasperry pi in a tupperware container using a kindle as a display. At the moment is running on a Solar Battery Bank added an additional solar panel to this + USB Hub + Rasperry Pi. It's only using a 200MaH battery so only runs for an hour or so. I'm looking into switching to a 12v system maybe using a drill battery, 12v usb car charger and buying a 12v Solar Panel.Can upload pics if anyone's interested
Sup /diy//o/ are being useless again.So I set up a new head unit last night, and I now have no interior lights. It was a weird set up, the stock setup was a tuner, a cassette player, and some kind of small amp, all with crossing plugs.Anyway, I wired it up myself using a multimeter, because I couldn't find a wiring diagram for this car, but I found a similar looking one. With the "interior lighting" wires, what do I hook them up to now? Do I just run one to the acc, and one to ground?
OP again, maybe one is for the illumination wire coming from the deck?
I've been working in electronics for 20 years and I can never get why the car idiots have to invent their own terminology. Head unit, crossing plugs, acc - these are all meaningless to me. Why not use standard terms?Anyway, someone with a multimeter should be able to figure it out in a couple of minutes. Determine if the mystery connections put out a + voltage, put out a ground, or are relay contacts that short or open, then proceed accordingly.
817820I'm not even a car idiot, just a regular idiot. The little piece of advice you gave me should have been simple. Thanks :
I am planning to create a retro controller to use with MAME .I am fairly new to the diy's world, so I was wondering if you could help me out by answering some of my questions .1  I have an Arduino UNO R3 , it is possible to use it for the management of the controller and for managing the software MAME ?2  Is present on the Internet a step-by- step guide of a similar project ?
It would be easiest to use a teensy with the USB Keyboard library like this guy did:http://www.alfersoft.com.ar/blog/2014/02/23/arcade-joystick-with-teensy-3-0/There is also a keyboard library for the Leonardo:http://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/MouseKeyboardThe Uno won't work with it since it uses the Atmega328 with another chip for the usb to serial communication whereas the Leonardo uses the 32u4 with USB built in.It could be done with an Uno but the easiest thing to do would be to get a teensy or Leonardo
any kind of Arduino as a keyboard encoderJust hack an old $8 USB keyboard, or buy a proper keyboard encoder ready-built for this sort of thing. You'll never do better than an I-PAC. If you were building a cabinet, I would HIGHLY suggest skipping directly to one of those devices.
If it's only for digital inputs an usb interface would be the best idea, plenty of inputs and plug and play or almost technology. And easier to configure.On a side note, I turned a PS3/PS2/PC stick like OP's pic in a MAME machine, with it's own power input, 3 USB connectors and its HDMI output, replacing the stick and the main buttons and putting a RPi and an old 2.5" hard drive inside.
Here, this is exactly what you need.http://www.slagcoin.com/joystick.htmlI hope it works out for you.
Doing various projects read: following guides people have made with microwave over transformers and had a couple of questions; what purpose do the shunts between the primary and secondary serve?how important is the paper/cardboard wrapping on the coils to the safety and operation of the transformer?
816193I think shunts prevent the transformer from magnetic saturation, by doing so it drops the available power that can be used. If you remove it you might get more juice but the transformer might get magnetized, and i think it might get too hot.The paper is to increase creepage and prevents arcing over i guess.citation needed
816193No safety things at all. It is only for better efficiency. The cardboard is just for fitting it into the block so the thinly enameled wire does not get scraped and short out.
816205I think shunts prevent the transformer from magnetic saturationI hear the local hams talking about this regularly. They say they normally run hard into saturation under regular use with an almost square wave output. When the hams re purpose them as HT supply transformers they run two matching transformers with the primaries in series out of phase. They then series up the two secondaries by joining the grounded ends together.816221It is only for better efficiency.They claim the shunts give them a higher output impedance and they remove them.Reference:http://amfone.net/Amforum/index.php?topic=13049.5;wap2
The shunts increase leakage inductance, which is a series inductance. It acts as a series load on the transformer which limits current without consuming much power. Without it, you have to limit current some other way if your load has negative resistance characteristics like a jacob's ladder or neon tube .
816193They act as current limiting under short conditions, but also increase the magnetizing current undesirable in a power supply.You should probably add more turns to the primary whilst its open like that to further reduce this magnetizing current. What are you using it for? For drawing arcs and spot welding keep the shunts in to prevent breaker trips, for use as a regular transformer remove the shunts and add some more primary turns.
816193I think the paper/cardboard is there as a protection to keep the enamel coated wire from being scratched by the metal core. A small vibration over time could cause that metal edge to scratch away enough enamel to short the winding to the core.You'll see dielectric protection as a sheet of mylar between the windings.
816221No safety things at all. The cardboard is just for fitting it into the block so the thinly enameled wire does not get scraped and short out. No safety thing at all.Bruh.
Evening leatherworkers of /diy/I do alot of bicycle work. And im trying to get more over into the custom scene than just repairing and rebuilding. I want to try making a leather saddlebag. Not sure of design but i know that im not gonna get anywhere without the tools for it. Is there such a thing as a leatherworking starter kit?
817118god fucking damn it have you even asked google for fork sake how many times we are not your personal google at least ask bing if you are too dumb to google
817118https://www.tandyleather.com
817118Tandy leather has starter kits, but a lot of their tools aren't that great of quality or are overpriced for what you get. No matter what it's going to be fairly expensive to get into.
I recently got a couple high voltage DC power supplies, not realizing that they were high-voltage and not very suitable for low voltages that I normally work with. Since I don't really have a use for them, the current plan is to sell them and make some money off of the whole thing. Before I do that though, I was wondering what fun things requiring high voltage DC I might be able to do with pic related.
815842If they can generate 20kV you could make a Ion-lifter.
815842Even 10kv would be enough for a Jacobs ladder.
815842aren't these things good for only up to ~500V?cheap HV = neon sign transformer 9-12kV
815977Not OP, but your right. These supplies only put out a few hundred volts tops, but at possibly up to an amp or more.Neon signs put out the 12kv or so, but at a few miliamps. If I'm not mistaken.
The EC Apparatus Electrophoresis Power Supply EC-135. Maximum Voltage 250VMax. Current 300mA @ 150-250V; 500mA below 150VLaaaame.
81598275 watts. It's not *totally* lame, but I was expecting more. Nice research anon.
You could use them for insulation testing your latest projects if you make that sort of thing?
Has anyone got experience installing LED strip lights? Do you have any tips for a newbie? I'm looking to install them under my kitchen cabinets.
815282They're very easy to install, I've got some installed behind my desk and my parents have them in the kitchen.
815282use waterproof ones if necessary /thread
815282very easy to install. Measure twice cut once...
815282They fade pretty badly with time if they are the ones with series resistors - if you can adjust the powersupply down to like 11v instead of 12v, they will be 90% as bright but run cooler and last much longer.Also if they come on a reel, unreel them and leave them out flat and sit something on top of them so the adhesive tape on the back sticks properly - when they are on the reel it bends and doesn't stick properly.
815307Thanks. Can I just buy the cheap ones off Ebay from China, or should I buy the more expensive ones from an actual lighting shop? I can imagine them being manufactured at the same factories anyway.
815309Might as well really.
815309the lighting shop will have the same ones.my advice would be to get the RGB adressable ones if you can. you can get a better white light or adjust the tone of the light then. however if money is tight, get the cheapest 5050 strips.
In my experience, don't bother with the adhesive the strip comes with. It will be crap and your LEDs will fall. Get other adhesive or come up with a different way to fasten them.
I have installed a couple of reels..RGB is not good for anything beside party/mood light, as CRI is poor..depending on power, it might be a good idea to supply power from both ends of a long line, if above 2 meter..To achieve good CRI or tone, mix two different kelvin temperature LED strings.Supply with a bit less than rates power to keep cooler, and prolong lifetime..Preferably mount on metal base to keep cool.Mount so no led can be seen directly..clean mounting surface with rubbing alcohol or similar acrysol
Ive used several hundred feet of them in various projects.815315This, cheap china stuff is the same as anything else.815370Completely true for all strips i've ever purchased from any source, ever.815419Ive only ever used RGB and they have worked just fine for me in the past.Advice on mounting is moot, since no matter how you mount them the base adhesive will never be enough fr long-term.Obviously don't mount them in a place that bends frequently like in the back of cabinet doors.There are also signal amplifiers you can get to extend existing strips, they require a power source though.I can also tell you that in a wearable costume application 16x D-cells will drive 60 feet of RGB strips for... probably a hundred hours or more, i don't actually know for certain because at one point i just tossed the batteries when they were still good due to paranoia, rather than carry replacements the whole day and wait for failure.
I'm using a few of them. Nice and even light for the money. These little dimmers from ledwholesalers are great.
815282Sweet memories Yeah i stick a few strips on my car's numberplate and at night it looked cool as fug.A few months back i was stopped by a cop and was told to remove them because anything on the numberplate is illegal.Even had to pay 200$ fine.
not having led everywherericing your car makes you cool like f&f
815573what this guy said
815419You can feed power from anywhere in the line. All the diodes and resistors are in a ladder configuration. You can attach power anywhere the copper ribbon is exposed.
815552How could you get a driver license without knowing basic stuff like that
815426I have mounted several meters without any problems using the standard adhesive, only place that I have experienced problems is where the wires connect to the strip.. solved with glue or strips for strain relief..815601I'm well aware, but usually not necessary..
815639Where in the driver's manual does it mention same?
815766the part where it says the license plate should be able to be read clearly and unobstructed? i learnt that in my manual. now you can replace your standard license plate lighting with colored ones, than can give you the same effect and depending on location might be a little more legal
815282I've got some in my room, they are pretty decent but will start to dim after a few years. In my small room they keep the room heated too but I went for the brighter 5050 reel.
I just started using my AC. It works perfectly up until the compressor shuts off. Every single time, about a second after the compressor stops, it blows the fuse. Last night it was running without this issue, and nothing on the circuit has changed.Pic related, that's the model I have.
817605and then I post without including the model number.253.70101
817605The breaker isn't popping because the compressor shuts off, the compressor is shutting off because it's popping the breaker. Either your AC is drawing too much current because it needs the compressor replaced, or the circuit it's on can't supply enough current, or the circuit breaker is defective and needs to be replaced. Or maybe it just needs to be serviced.
817620Or maybe it just needs to be serviced.I can understand that, it's fairly old and I haven't had time to service it regularly.The part I don't get is why the breaker trips one to two seconds AFTER the compressor shuts off. If it shuts off because it's tripping the breaker, wouldn't the breaker trip at that time?
Try cleaning the intake filter and blowing it out really well.
817627Already done before I installed it. Filter and radiators were brushed and blown out.
817631Anything else on the breaker? Try running it with everything else off... Does the same problem occur in other outlets?Might be time for a newer less power-hungry model.
817638It was running without this problem last night with a heavier load on the circuit.
I'll just pull it open and do some maintenance on it. My specialty is more small electronics, so I was trying to get a feel for what its issue may be, since the only google results involved having fuses under the required rating.
817605Lots of possibilities come to mind.What's in your electric panel? Are they actual fuses, or are they breakers, or are they GFI breakers, or arc-fault interrupters, or what?Many coolers/heater have a secondary circuit that turns off the cooling/heating element but continues blowing for a minute or so in order to get all of the heated/cooled air out of the system. It's possible that this secondary circuit is shorted to ground.Many inductive appliances such as a compressor motor pull peak power when they're stalled. If the compressor motor ere to freeze or otherwise stall, then the current will spike and your fuse blows.
817658The one in question is your standard 15A flip switch breaker. It's about 20 years old.I noticed that sometimes the compressor will putter down or otherwise stop roughly. I guess that would explain why it trips a short time after it stops.Any recommendations on its maintenance? I'd just buy a new one, but I would have done that already instead of trying to use an old unit that's been out of use for a few years.
817666I'd just buy a new one, but I would have done that already instead of trying to use an old unit that's been out of use for a few years. if I had the money. The heat is constricting my brain.
817626fairly oldHow old is that? 10 years? 5? Replace it. The newer ones are amazing, save tons of electric, and are cheap! 817667Get a dishtowel or durag, wet it and wrap your head with it.
817677How old is that?It was bought new about 5 years ago. I don't have the money to buy a new one.Get a dishtowel or durag, wet it and wrap your head with it.It's not actually that bad, I just wanted to blame my incompetence on something other than my incompetence.
Well, I found the problem. I've been running out circuits and apparently the circuit I have the AC on in the second floor has an outlet in the basement, which had some stuff plugged in. I tallied the amps I could find up and it sat at ~14.3 out of 15 with the AC running.The people that built this house were morons. I still have yet to find where the kitchen cabinet lights draw power from.
Guise, suppose I can only buy two liters of liquor, which two types should I get? What two types of bottle mixers should I get? Should I get bitters and club soda?tl:drHow do I in drinking like a respectable manWhat are some must know drink recipes?
816445respectableRespectability is out of style, but I'd suggestbourbon or ryeginred vermouthwhite vermouthRose's limetonic waterAngosturalimes, lemons, oranges
816445Gin and vodka. Vermouth, club soda, and tonic water for mixers. Now you're set up to make 2 different kinds of martini plus gin and tonic or vodka tonic. The club soda is extra weight, but it might come in handy if you have to interrogate somebody.
816445respectableYou misspelled "pretentious." Drink what you like, no-one cares.
816460Whiskey and vodka is a better option, because gin tastes like ass boiled in pine sap to a lot of people.
i think you should drink some le whiskey, its for classy gents such as myself*tips fedora*oh and, on the rocks. heh
816445Vodka and some white rum.Its summer.Make some tasty refreshing drinks nigga
816586anything but neat, or a splash of water to open the noseanyway, OP, get stuff to mix what you like. Bitters are good to have on hand, a vodka or white rum avoid flavored rums would be good, and a brown liquor of your choice. For mixers, I like ginger beer something very heavy on the ginger, like cock and bull and juice of some kind. Given the time of year, I'd get supplies for drinks like an old fashioned, whiskey sour, mint julep, or mojitos if I'm drinking with the wife.
Your finest bourbon pls*tips fedora*
816631Funny story. There was this autist that hung out my regular bar in college. He was a 1-2 years behind me. He knew me from a class we both had together so he sat next to me at the bar. He was like 5'5", had ginger hair, and wore a suit every day. Well he tried to act like a classy gentleman so when he sits down at the bar he tells the bartender who is a buddy of mine he'll have a "glass of your finest Scotch". The bartender asks if he's sure, "Of course my good man!". Asks him if he wants a dram or a half dram. Autist clearly doesn't know what that means, "A dram please". Bartender comes back with a snifter of a high priced scotch. Tells the kid it's $40+. Autist is obviously flustered at the price but just says "That's a pretty good price". Proceed to watch him choke down scotch for 20 minutes.
816641What a waste.
/ck/
816445only 2 liters
816445get some scotchmy favorite scotch based drink is scotch. To make it, you put some scotch in a glass. Enjoy!
816858True /diy/
816445OP i recommend you get vodka and white rum, you can mix vodka with any soft drink and it will taste decent, try apple juice or coke. The rum will go well with sprite/7up or orange juice. Just make sure there is plenty of ice in your glass and it'll be fine.
I usually have the stuff for Manhattan's, Mojitos, and Mai Tai's on hand. Covers most people's tastes.
816858whiskey  scotchscotch tastes like it was filtered through gasoline
816455Someone likes Old Fashions and Manhattans.
816631 Bartender brings out a bottle of Pappy Van Winkle 12 year
817143scotch IS whiskey, faggot. Venn diagram that shit.
Hey /diy/. I'm attempting to assemble a decent sound system for my '70 Skylark and so far i've got a retrosound model 2 taking the place of the original casette head unit. I just got 2 6x9 JBL gto938's to replace the originals but the frequency range on these aren't too well in the lower range. If I wanted to add a subwoofer to my system, would I absolutely need a sub enclosure? Or could I simply mount it in between the two 6x9's in the rear deck and still have that lower range? Thanks.
the enclosure's pretty important.most bass speakers aren't made to work without a box, and parcel shelves aren't beefy enough to deal with the vibration of a bass speaker. you'd get lousy volume out for the power you put in, and lots of panel rattling.
815946Is there no anti-vibration material I can put between the sub and the metal frame? I just don't want to sacrifice the rear seats all for a sub as that's the only location I would imagine an enclosure fitting in. I pretty much want the car to look stock, but to have a clear sound throughout the frequency as I listen to music all the time.
You need a good enclosure. It can turn a shitty speaker into sounding much better. Sealed for a punchy, more even sounding bass. Works well with rock and most electronic music. Also easy to build and requires less space.Ported for a louder, more rumble'y bass not as responsive. Better for rap music/constant bass lines. Where you tune the port greatly effects the sound; making if a bit harder to build/design.There are other box types but if your going to build it and it's your first time those should be your options. The others are harder to sound true and more difficult to build.
815952Thank you. Appreciate all the info. Any ideas on where I could mount the enclosure but have it look stock?
815949It's not just about vibration, though yes it can cause load metal/box sounds if not properly braced.An enclosure helps developed a pressurized chamber to help make the low notes cleaner and louder.You could just set a sub in your rear deck but understand it won't sound nearly as good.
remove the BACK of the back seatcut hole in body panel behind seat backattach sub woofer inside trunk facing back seattrunk becomes enclosure for sub woofer will need to attach plywood piece inside trunk for seal around speaker
815958forgot to mentionreinstall back rest for back seatbass sound comes through seat easily
Post pics of the Skylark. My dad had a '72 in burgundy when I was a kid, god that was a beautiful car. Some inept cunt totalled it in the mid-80's when she ran into it WHILE IT WAS PARKED.
81595810" subwoofers mounted in custom fiberglass baffle behind rear seat in BMW E39 sedan
816010I get the car from a relatives autobody shop by monday hopefully...When I got the car only about 3 weeks ago it had no headliner and all the insulation was pretty much rotting away. I changed shocks, tires, gave it an alignment and balance, and the head unit/ rear dash speakers so far. If the threads still around ill post more when I get the car back.
Subs go in the trunk you dolts!
815939OP here is my advice regarding this.dont install a powerful sound system in your car. they have a tendency to rattle the cars apart. the vibration can make bolts in the car vibrate loose all over.
816142That ol' Buick is gorgeous! Love the wheels, too. Take good care of her. Hope to see more pics if possible.In my opinion, as for the sound system, just put a modest sub in the trunk with quick connects in case you need to remove it temporarily for more trunk space when needed. Bass is relatively omnidirectional - you really don't need a sub directly inside the car with you. A modest sub in the trunk when combined with your 6x9s should be more than enough low range.
815939Is there no room under any of the seats? You can find low profile subs that are meant for thinner front to back enclosures that work well hidden under seats or between a seat back and rear cabin wall.
816879Not really. Bench seats up front. I think i'm just gonna end up using just 2 6x9's and whatever speaker is under the front dash i'm assuming theres 1 4x10 speaker. Unfortunately I didn't take into consideration that todays memorial day. I can't pickup the car untill tomorrow. I'm way too impatient to take this car to others for work.
817203Seems like a good way to go about it. You may end up liking the sound more than you thought. You can always make changes later anyway.The sound of that engine would be enough music for my ears. =
Does anyone here know the exact name for the part pictured? It's a 4 pin connector of somesort for a NEMA 17 stepper motor. I have another motor that's missing the connector and no matter what I search for in google or amazon I can't seem to find the exact piece. There's so many varieties that I can't be sure what I order will be the right one. If anyone can point me in the right direction I'd be very grateful. And since I hate to start a thread for just my problem, I'd like to open up the thread as a General "what the fuck is this piece" Thread or Part Saucing for anybody else who's looking for something.
817569It might be an MTA connector. Unless it has to fit in to a keyed housing, the exact shape isn't too important. What is important is the gauge of wire that you will crimp pins to and the pitch of the pins. It looks like the pitch is the standard 0.1", and I'd guess your probably going to use 22-26awg wire.Any additional information about it would help. Any markings on the case, an isometric view and a top view and a side view picture would help. Anything indicating the manufacturer. Even the data sheet for whatever it's attaching to might help.Tl; dr need more info
that's a super common part. here is one with 6 pins instead of 4: https://www.adafruit.com/products/206?PageSpeed=noscriptyou could search for one with 4 or cut off the extra 2.
if you work with computers, you probably have a bunch of these CD-ROM audio connectors. they'll work if the motor doesnt take too much current, coz wires are thin.
4-pin IDC connector, no?http://www.aliexpress.com/item/100PC-S-2-54mm-1x4-4-Pin-Female-IDC-4P-connector-leads-Header-Pin-Male-Socket/1676002598.html- usually used for computer fan headers on PC boards, etc, also LED stuff.
The connector pictured is a Molex KK type housing. You will need to buy the housing and pins separately. They are the same connector used on 4-pin PC fans, so an easy source may be a 4-pin PC fan extension cable.As 817573 said, an MTA100 IDC connector could be substituted.
817577This, it's IDC817575 is incorrectly linking to a Dupont connector, although they can connect to one-another just fine.
817577817665IDC stands for insulation displacement connector. They're the things you get on ribbon cables. 817585 is correct.
In advanced, I'm not sure if this is the right board for this type of build, so sorry in advanced.I want to build some type of outdoor planted enclosures.daughter has huge collection of snakes, frogs, and turtles in terrariums in laundry room.can't be there anymore, only other place is outsidedon't want a yard full of shattered glass next time a hail storm comes throughDetails: 3 garter snakes, small rattlesnake, water snake, 2 painted turtles, snapping turtle, countless tree frogs and water frogs.
817607What's your climate? If it's warm enough you could just build a Patagonia. Or a covered porch.
817609Midwest, really cold winters, blazing hot summers.Everything in her collection is native except a few of the frogs which are tropical.
817611Did she just got collect these rattlsnakes/water snakers/snapping turtles and say can i keep them pleaseeeeeeee?
817607How large are the animals in question and how much are you willing to spend? Are they aggressive/predatory or things like garden snakes? How hard do they try to escape what you currently have them in? What exactly do you have them in?
817623Rattle snake is something I caught and she wanted to keep on a duck hunting trip out in the country. She's 16 and knows very well to not handle it without assistance. Garter snakes are just about everywhere. Water snakes are also pretty common non venomous kind. All turtles found by nearby creek. Frogs found in various places, some of them were bought from the pet shop.
817630Turtles are all around pretty chill. Snakes can't dig nor climb. Main escape concern are tree frogs.
So i'm staying at a friend's place for a month and certain parts of the walls are dirty as fuck. This is where his younger brother kept an unwashed towel and eventually it developed these dark stains. How do I remove these? more pics incoming
By the doorknob, not even sure how this would accumulate or where this is from but how do I clean this shit?
816756dirtythese dark stainsYeah that's black mold.
By the light switch, probably the same accumulated dirt and oil and gunk by the doorknob816758How do I get rid of it along with everything else on here?
This one should be easy, he drew on the wall with map pencils and markers. Still don't know what product to use
816761For the mold on the door you can use a mold treatment, but if it's stained into the wood you'll need to rub it back and repaint.816761Just wipe it down with any old multi-purpose cleaner816763Repaint.
816761Good old fashioned dish soap and warm water. Add the tiniest bit of bleach to the mixture to kill it and hopefully it won't return while you stay there. That's not healthy at all to be among black mold like that. I don't blame you for wanting to clean it.
816767Ha! Had green texted when I shouldn't. Sorry.
816756your friend ans his brother are disguting and this is just a small taste of what the rest of the place is like. dont stay there its a health hazard for you. friends bro probably had his fap towel hanging there, so thats cum mold
816756816757wipe down816761816763repaint.
816758black moldI have had this once and just looked up what it is out of curiosity. turns out some of it can be a neuro-toxin
816975I have had this once and just looked up what it is out of curiosity. turns out some of it can be a neuro-toxinevery mold that looks black is not the dangerous neurotoxin one. and even that one is only bad if you get a lot of it, such as inside the walls.... how you kill it is you mix a bleach/water solution maybe 1:10 in a spray bottle, spray a bit and let it sit there for a minute or two. it will literally disappear. spray it again and wipe off. the doorknob stains you just use any ordinary household cleaner like 409 or whatever. it's just grime from dirty hands, it aint gonna kill you.for the wall drawings: that can be tough. a dry scrubbing sponge like scotchbrite pads can get a lot off sometimes. look for a cleaner meant for removing the type of writing, and cross your fingers. even if you were going to repaint anyway, you STILL want to clean off as much as you can, since the new paint may not bond well to the markings
816975Most black mold is just common mildew.
816756Pic related works really good on textured surfaces like walls. Source: Being a parent
Unlikely to be mold + you said a damp towel was left in there, its caused by condensation + poor ventilation not leaving a window cracked or turning on an extractor fan.Get some warm water in a bucked, add a squirt of bleach and wipe the areas with a sponge.9/10 it will leave stains and need repainted but it will look a lot better than it does now.
817516Unlikely to be moldyou said a damp towel was left in there, its caused by condensation + poor ventilationYes; poor ventilation causes condensation, which encourages mold growth. Specifically, mildew. Which is what that is.
Dishsoap + hot water + magic eraser = happyI was a custodian at a school for years. Magic erasers are god tier. They remove just about everything because they actually sand the surface very lightly. Stuff on door looks like mildew. Wash with rag then hit with magic eraser.
You wash it.1:10 bleach should do it.It will take less time than it took you to make the OP.
Hello again fellow /diy/ taken a little break from prop commissions to build an all tube guitar amplifier for myself...anyone else here build their own guitar amps.? mine is a scratch built AA764 Champ Vibro coupled with a 1960's Edwardian Elite 4 reel to reel amp that runs a ECL86, ECC83 and a EM84 Magic eye. only have about 20 connections left and a few minor components to fit.
Looks very well done.What does it look like 'under the hood'?
816820not very pretty, as it's my first build... It isn't quite finished
816860Once you have it running you can always adjust the 'lead dress' later if you want to pretty it up.
816864oh true!, I spose there's always room for refinement after it's functional...So here's a little something special I had made up for it. It's a bezel for the EM84 magic eye, 3D printed in mild steel and gold plated.
816884going all out!very nice, pretty even...
bezel fitted
Someone in my area is selling an old Lincoln electric welder for cheap. We're talking *old* here. I was wondering if anyone could identify from their shitty pic how old and what its capable of. Its super cheap so it might be worth it just to learn on.
You need a room that's been fireproofed to weld in too.
815836how much are they asking for it? If it is really cheap, even if it is broken you could always resel for copper and make a pretty penny.
815836OP here. Correction: its a Marquette welder, not a Lincoln. Lincoln bought out Marquette but that happened long after this guy was made.815839I'll keep that in mind.
815836The thing with really old welders, they are either really awesome or really trash.There is literally no way to know until you set it up and lay down some beadsThey aint made like they used to be holds true, but at the same time nothing handles repeated and prolonged abuse.If its cheap there is a chance that its a beastly welder.
815836That's a big old AC welder. I'd try to test it there. I think on that type each plug represents a different amperage. DC is better and more modern. But that is a cool unit; I'd buy it just bc of that if you have room for that sort of thing.
815836those 18 jacks for a different voltage/current setting each?
OP again.815880From what little I've been able to find about it yes.815859DC is better and more modern.Okay. I wanted this as my first welder as I can probably get it off them really cheap. Maybe I'll pick up a Lincoln AC/DC welder then, as they often go pretty cheap around here. I swear around here if you throw a stick and hit 15 unemployed welders before it hits the ground. They are always selling their gear.
815891AC will throw more spatter than DC. Mig of course is even better. If money is not a major object and you have 220v, I'd personally pick up a 220v mig. That will do anything most guys need done in one box.
815901FYI I think that thing would make a great conversation piece. Buy it and use it next time you need to weld 3/4 in plate.
815836275A and 90OCV, fairly respectable specs.it'll run 6011, 6013, 7024. stick welding generally sucks for plate thinner than 1/8" but a big cheap stick welder makes an ideal companion to a small cheap mig.
815940That's my thought. Typical 220v mig will only go up to 3/16. Having one of these allows you to weld thicker metal without having to switch to flux core.
I have a Hobart 400 that I originally bought for the heavy leads to use on my other machines, but that old AC industrial beast has a nice fucking arc and I'm comfortable with AC electrodes. Got a bulk deal on those when a company that bought them for a contract to weld cement plant equipment that had a lot of arc blow had excess.At one time AC stick was the main game because you needed a motor-generator welder or an engine driven machine to get DC. Use it and enjoy. Visit welding forums to learn about good AC electrodes. 6011 is a classic.
815962Anon, how does AC stick welding compare to DC stick?
OP here. I went to see the welder today but decided not to get it. There were no leads or other equipment with it and the power cord was in pretty poor shape. They also didn't have 220 volts anywhere in the house so I couldn't even plug it in. It hadn't been used since the previous owned had moved into his current house and that was about a decade ago. He had recently passed so it was his kids handling the sale and they couldn't tell me a thing about it.
816105how much was it going for?those old welders are pretty damn hard to break  they're pretty much a giant transformer with wires sticking out . also it's pretty cheap to rig up a new power cord / leads.
816120They wanted $100 for it. I thought I could talk them down but they were firm. They thought it was worth more than market value because its antique. Like those people selling broken Singer sewing machines for $300 just cause they are old. Thing is, I can go out and buy an oldish Lincoln or Hobart AC/DC welder with all its gear for $75 any day of the week. $50 or less some days. Like I said, tons of unemployed welders out here selling their kits.
I wouldn't give over fifty bucks because no one gives a shit that it's antique except a very few people who already have more machines than they need.AC welding with the right electrodes is just "stick welding" though with a bit more spatter depending on electrode. When hunting welding machines I strongly suggest lurking and posting on the weldingweb forums with make, model, serial yes, it matters as there are many variants to see if your prospective buy is a good deal or not.
815836I like the old design. It has a certain Art Deco look to it. I'll bet there's not many of those left.As others have pointed out, get it for as cheap as you can.
That's not a welder, that's an arc gap electro-fuser that's libel to get you branded a witch from the stories I read about it.
816788haha! Do tell.
815836oh god I have this fucking marquette "farm welder" that my 90 year old neighbor gave to me. It would strike an arc but that was pretty much it, the leads are so old that the insulation is cracking off of them so I'm afraid to do anything more with it, and those cables are expensive as hell. I keep meaning to pop it open to see how much copper is inside so I can just recycle it. I tried to list it for sale on cl and nobody even responded to the ad.
815891Oh that's awful. Where are you located? Just got into welding and thought it was a "huge need" job
816869Its very region specific. If you are willing to move to where the work is and you are not retarded you can get a job and keep it. Out here though we had a farming equipment manufacturer that moved one of its factories to Mexico. So on top of all the retired welders in the area selling their kits the one in my post was from an estate sale we have all these unemployed welders doing the same thing. I wasn't gonna pay $100 for a 70 year old welder that was untested and had no leads or anything when I can get a working one with gear for half that.
816213like a tombstone lincoln stick welder? those are about $100 around herecheapest i've seen a hobart mig + big inert bottle go for here was ~$450
816869Brother in law is a union welder in mid 30s. Started non union, went to school, now supervises at a plant, guys doing pipefitting. You can make it.
816105Walk away... You did the right thing. I despise that flavor of seller... I got this shit free and of course valuable BC old and I know nothing about it and no you can't test itEff that.
Re: "Tombstone" Lincolns:The round-top Idealarc AC-DC 250 is a fine industrial machine, still produced but with a flat top for stacking. Round tops shed moisture which was a consideration when they were first designed.Smaller home use Lincoln AC-225 and AC-225/DC-125 stick machines are very good I've had one since the 1980s and though I own industrial machines now I've no reason to sell the convenient little Lincoln are both referred to as "tombstones" but the round top version started the nickname. Some older round tops came in low "home/farm use" output ranges.Many outlive their original owners and you can find threads on restoring them paint job, labels, adding rectifiers to AC versions in welding forums.Switches cost money so older welders had multiple plugs instead which is actually superior for durability. I would buy ANY Idealarc 250 that ran for 150 bucks and I don't need any more welders. I'd park it by any 50A single phase outlet they run well enough off those for most stick use at home shops and be happy.The Miller Dialarc 250 is the Miller equivalent and a bit better since they can use remote amp controls which are plentiful on Ebay and whose range can be extended using heavy three-wire "extension cord" cable.
I would buy that thing and restore it just for a show piece, but I have a stick/mig/tig and a stick/tig/plasma, good luck on your search
Hi, Could it be possible to add two gears for different speeds on a bmx?I was thinking if possible they should be added on the pedals axis, as on the back wheel would hold the sticks Not native english :S and i dont think it would do any good to the mecanism.Also approximate cost of the parts needed?
I wouldn't really bother adding gears on a BMX.The use that those bikes are intended for doesn't require gears.Having gears also increases the chance for the chain to slip off the sprocket since it's not going to be as tight as it would be normally.Adding a sprocket and the shifting mechanism to the front should be easy enough, but consider that you'll also need to add a chain tensioner to the back.If you really want to do this, there are kid size bikes with a full set of gears, and I'd just try to find a junked one to rip the gearing from.
I know is not the intention for BMX, however, the nearest park is a while away and has some cliffs? and i dont want to suffer to get there.About this tensioner, would it endanger the sproket on the back wheel? And can't it be placed on the front?Good call on the junked kid bike.
EDIT: The "cliffs" are on the way to the park, hence the problem.
817550The issue with the tensioner is finding room for it.Apparently front mount tensioners exist, can't say I've ever seen one. So you'd probably want to look into that.
817550the tensioner should be on the side of the chain that has no tension ... therefore the lower part when going forwardputting it under the read sprocket is the most "common sense" place easy to attach, no clearance problems
817543817550817561817562He doesn't know about hub gearing.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hub_gear
Seems to me that the Hub gear would solve my problems, also the tensioner on the pedals seems a desproposite. Well thank you all for your help i will dig into these advices and i will see what i can do. For now its time to sleep.
Sram automatix or dont bother. I know that sounds like a shitty thing to say but thats the only way your gonna make it work without it being a hassle. The automatix has a thick axle like all Sram internal gearings. So they should survive the beating BMX'ing puts on it better than shimano hubs.Look into it. Thats the way i would go
Hey /diy/, I'm thinking about buying an FPGA since I've had to return the one I got from college.My question is would the cheap chinese FPGAs from ebay be sufficient enough for small projects or should i bite bullet and buy more expensive FPGA?recommendations?
817450Obviously it depends on your definition of small.See what chip it has, compare it to the chip your college used, use your existing projects and their logic requirements to see if it's good enough.It is said that some cheap chink boards have shitty power supplies, though.
EP1C3Oh, it was that old. Newer versions of Quartus don't even support that chip.
817450AlteraNot glorious Xilinx master raceaside from shitposting, yes OP that should be good for small projects. DIPS,LEDs, Buzzer,Buttons, some IO, VGA and a decent amount of logic slices.
817463817466817479noted, thanksEP4CE10 along with some sdram/sram will be more than plenty for my small projects in mind
Question;I would like to start learning about FPGA programming - what good free online tutorials could you recommend. I would prefer to use some demo board and not worry about fucking up with my soldering.
Hijacking the thread: I would like to get into FPGA programming for networking think hardware switching and routing, MII interfaces.What would be the advice for a board? Are there any with two ethernet PHYs for example? Or can/should I build them myself including 8b/10b and CSMA/CD?
817503You could find a college course based around a commercially available dev board. Or look at fpga4fun.817606I think Xilinx has some but it's more like SFP high-speed stuff.
hi /diy/, this is my first time coming here.I figured there were people here who could help me with something, so I'll give it a shot.I'm currently working on a project to build an autonomous mobile robot with some friends. One of the choices we made was to buy a frame like the one in pic related, and control it with an arduino board.We removed the remote control part, and electronically speaking, we're left with : the motor, a servo for direction and the driver.The driver is connected to the battery and feeds both the motor and the servo. It is controlled by a PWM, and as we recieved it, the frequency was 51Hz and the command is done using the length of the duty cycle.Anyway we decided to increase the frequency of the PWM on the arduino board to ~200Hz to have a better angular and speed resolution.Now the problem I have is this : the pins on an arduino board are in groups of 3 : ground, 5V4V in reality on my board and signal.But the pins from my driver also have a ground and 5V, and there is a voltage when the battery is connected.I tried only connection the ground and the signal pins together but the driver doesn't even start, and as I understand it, it seems that the arduino is powered from the driver, and then feeds the servo not sure this is normal, I'd think it's not the expected behavior. I also can't for the life of me figure out what sequence of actions can allow the driver to start properly. There is a switch on/off  I guess for the driver but as I said the arduino board seems to override it sometimes.Does anyone have insight on this matter ? I'm afraid of destroying something if I do more tests like this.Thanks a lot for reading !
816960bumpity bump
816960start againyou have a servo and a motor.where did you measure the 51Hz? between the remote part and the controller or the controller and the servo/motor?where are you connecting the arduino? directly to the servo or to the controller?if its connected to the servo i would say you can't increase the frequency because the servo won't understand it, depending on the servo. if its connected to the controller i would say you cant increase the frequency because the controller won't understand it.how do you signal turning and speed? you have two pwm channels in the controller?
817026hi, thanks for taking time to respond.The 51Hz is the frequency of the signal recieved by the controller in the initial design so between the remote part and the controller.I connect the arduino to the controller via two 3-pin connectors, one channel is for the servo and one channel is for the dc motor.We figured we could change the frequency because the controller works using the length of the duty cycle rather than the ratio duty cycle length/period.For example, at 50Hz, a duty cycle of 8% gives a certain torque on the wheels full speed backwards, and 12% gives full speed forward. To have a higher resolution we thought about using 100 or even 200Hz and duty cycles that vary between 32 and 48% unchanged duration.I will try using only 50Hz for now to see if it works perfectly, you're right !
817046start with that, let us know how you get on.
817056A quick follow up : After toying with the arduino timer registers, I found out there was a pretty nice way to overcome this problem. The function writeMicroseconds in the Servo library does exactly what I need : it generates a PWM at a frequency of 50Hz with a duty cycle equals to the argument in microseconds. I guess I'm lucky the controller was designed this way.Thanks for the help
817530A better way is to use the timer overflow ISR to update the PWM value. Even better is to use the ADC to trigger the PWM and simply adjusting the threshold value how it's done fo realzies. The advantage to these methods comes as reduced MCU load and stability.
817554Hi,First thanks for your response.I'd rather use functions that already exist for the simple reason that I don't have much time left to complete this part.We already optimized some parts of our robot designed, machined and built everthing from the PCB to the mechanical parts so we had to sacrifice the time spent on other parts like this one.But I agree it would be optimal, thanks for the advice, I completely forgot about the possibility of implementing it myself.
Sup, /diy/.I've bought a product called "Dryppstopp". Norwegian for "stop the damn dripping".It consists of aluminium profiles screwed and sealed into the main beams holding the balcony up. They are mounted with a decline of about 1.5 cm height for each 1 meter length. Then, a sheet of plastic is bent up in between the profiles of the beams. This sheet will catch most of the water coming from the balcony above and pass it along the profiles to the outer edge, where I will install a gutter.In the end, I will have a dry area underneath my balcony.However, the railing of the balcony above is fixed to the outer beams in a way that interferes with my plan and I need help figuring out a smart solution for it. More pictures follow:
Pic is of the underside of my balcony.
Closer look at a mockup of the first profile put into place. Looking good.
The railing here is being stupid.
Seen from the inside, where it interferes with where I wanna put my aluminium profile.What do I do, /diy/?The same issue is on the long edge of the balcony, but since I'm gonna have a gutter there anyway, it doesn't really matter if I cut the plastic sheets a bit to fit around the railing columns.
817380You just use flashing around the posts to divert the drips around it and keep the water from pooling up on them causing them to rot.You'll also have to cut out portion of the tray, or mount them slightly lower.
817384cut profile to lengthcut slot for rail postflash it if you think you need toNot hard.
817382That's mounted too high. Per the instructions you need a gap between the decking and the plastic sheet.
817388The instructions say 10 cm from the top. I measured it to 10.
817386817387"flashing"?
817384That railing can't get much worse than it already is so, just cut the bottom of that board off.
817390just be sure to angle it down to the gutter
Hi /diy/, I recently started planning out making an automous ball catching quadcopter, and so far things have been going well. What makes this special from other quadcopter projects is that I want all processing being done onboard the quadcopter. No external motion tracking or information processing is my goal. I've already set up a stereo vision system to detect the position of the ball relative to the UAV using 2 raspberry pis in a master-slave config. My plan is to calculate the projectory of the ball by continuously measuring the position of the ball with the stereo vision system and send the future coordinate to the flight controller, and I already have that done in pseudocode. However, the problem is that sending exact coordinates for a quadcopter to go to is just not feasible. What I have found out is that most flight controllers use a GPS when accepting a coordinate, and these GPS's typically have error margins of +/- 20 meters. This is impossible to work with for a quadcopter that has to catch a ball. Is there some sort of control strategy I can use to solve this problem that doesn't involve sending exact coordinates to the flight controller? Remember that I can continuously update the flight controller with the relative coordinates of the ball from the quadcopter. I also know very little about commercial flight controllers, so recommending one to me would be very helpful.
I also thought about using an IMU instead, but I'm not sure the flight controller could handle having to apply a double integral, applying a filter to the noise, and then applying a Kalman filter. Because my Raspberry Pi's sure can't...
I would go with the IMU and consider making a custom flight controller using a beaglebone if you're concerned about power limitations.Relevant:http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6647314/how-can-i-find-distance-traveled-with-a-gyroscope-and-accelerometerBecause you're moving in three dimensions, you will need the gyroscope. I haven't tried this in practice but from what I can tell it's not a very taxing amount of computation depending on your sampling rate.
You need an IMU anyway just for flight stability, but catching a ball is probably out of the question for current MEMS-based IMUs. There's a reason why the GRASP Lab and co use external motion capture.
2 raspberry pis in a master-slave configLOLmy Raspberry Pi's sure can't...yes it can, stop writing shitty slow codeIs there some sort of control strategy I can useThe answer to this question is almost always "use a PID loop." I'm not sure how you're even planning to get absolute coordinates. If you can locate the ball and estimate its trajectory relative to the copter, just tell the flight controller to move toward where the ball is going. You might need some sort of gravity reference for trajectory prediction which means either a dedicated imu or a flight controller with telemetry output.
816034I like the idea of using the beaglebone as a flight controller. There's also already an open source flight controller out there for the Beaglebone so that's conveniant.816039Yeah my onboard quadcopter is beginning to look dire.816094At the moment I'm thinking my last chance is to implement a PID loop using the current distance of the object from the quadcopter. It sucks because there'll be a lot of wasted movement considering I won't be calculating the projectory, but it's the only chance I have.
816023You know there is dedicated hardware just for this task right? mainly used in gimbal controllers. look it up
If anyone's still interested, I've decided to use an optical flow sensor to give the x/y position of the quadcopter, and a dual ultrasonic/barometer for the height of the quad over the earth. I'm going with the APM 2.5 with a supported optical flow sensor. If anyone can give any insight, feel free to.
816094yes it canI sure hope OP can write his own RTOS from the ground up, because Realtime Linux is dead
817513Is it? Why, when loonix is quite popular in embedded devices?
817513It is? https://www.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/projects/rt/4.0/
816021To do anything close to "continuous" I would go with a FPGA. Basically you can use a typical control system model for the movement of the quad, then make the movement referenced based off of the ball, the ground, and IMU. So you give the quad a "box" to fly in and trust the IMU to keep it there. The integration error will make it off but should keep it from the ground. Good call on the APM2.5 there is a guy who uploaded a control system model for Simulink for that one, you will need a cracked Matlab to use all the library though. Basically, your state space should be referenced off of the ball and should output the position of capture. Best I can do over 4chan, good luck.
Previous owner had dark blue carpet installed throughout the house even the stairs.The carpet needs to go. Period.Now, the house is a split level. Two of the levels have concrete under the carpet, the third has OSB.Carpet - I hate dust and I have kids they'll spill stuffHardwood - expensive, hard or expensive to install, not waterproofLaminate - I need some base under it same OSB, not waterproofVinyl LVP - I need some base under it, considered by many as lowest of the lowWhat to do?
816381Linoleum is pretty okay. I don't really understand why so many people have a low opinion of it, it can look nice, and generally non slip and easy to clean.For me personally, I like floors. Obviously it's going to be expensive to tile all your floors, but you'll love the end result.
816393I like floors*I like tiled floors
816381level and polish the concretesmall carpets where needed
816393I'm leaning towards it but my wife thinks people will laugh at us when we'll tell them notice that it's not "when they'll notice" or when they'll see it"816405Sounds at least interesting/intriguing ...But how about the winter I live in Maryland?
816521winterunless u have underfloor heating, or have carpet, or have timber floor, or have floor insulation, it is going to be cold anywaywear a sock or slippers or whatever
816393I like floors too anon! They re great for putting stuff on and allow you maximum usage of your house.
816527I like floors too, some buildings have more than one floor and they have a lot more space to put stuff in
816381Hardwood, it's expensive but so nice, I mean, you own the place you might as well make it as nice to live in as possible you know.
816575I'm with this anon. I've lived with hardwood for the past 15+ years in a few houses. Sure they get dusty but that's easy to clean, and they look great. Spread rugs around your living area and bedrooms if you're fearful of the cold.
816393816527816528I like floorsPersonally, I prefer the air.
816521my wife thinks people will laugh at usHow much is her neuroticism worth? Like, how much are you willing to spend because of someone else's mental illness. I wonder how much you've already spent because of the same person's same illness. The answer is clear: The problem is not the floor, it is the bourgeois culture where actual, real money is spent on physically changing a house because of concern over gossip. You obviously have too much spending money.Because I, like any Marxist, know the bourgeoisie better than they know themselves, I can help you get what you want and make your wife happy. Tell her idiot friends that you went with polished concrete floors because they are *different*, and with the money you saved, you were able to give to charity. Tell them you saved brown kid in some god-forsaken part of the world. Since I've helped you out, add that the only reason the brown kid needed saving is he, his parents, and his country have been exploited by white people. Likely the very same people and certainly the very same group of people your wife is so concerned about impressing.
816608You must be some sort of insect or bird cos people cannot air.
816642problem is wife gossipingsolution, go the cheap rout and advise wife on what to gossip about.
816381I just installed what they call Luxury Vinyl Plank flooring because it's waterproof pets and looks a hell of a lot better than vinyl/linoleum flooring. Not all types are waterproof though.It's not too hard to install. The kind I bought comes with it's own foam backing. If you go this route be sure to get the tapping block that fits the click lock of your planks.
816381Concrete slab? Put tile over it. It is an easy DIY thing to do really.
OP hereI decided to take the Luxury Vinyl Plank route but because the concrete slab it will feel very hard and cold during the winter.So I'll lay some OSB on top of the concrete this will also give it a "wooden" feel to the floor.I'll just have to decide between screws and glue between the OSB and concrete. Screws are easier but glue will allow some expansion/contraction.As far as gossiping, I won't tell anything to anyone. Let them guess.
816528Yeah, make sure you NEVER buy a house with multiple stories but only one floor, because you'd climb the stairs and just fall back down to the ground. Useless!
817137Do you really want to tapcom osb to your concrete floor? Just fucking PL the osb to the concrete and be done with it. Better yet just put that underlayment foam down it'll give that play that won't feel like concrete. Even if you put osb down you realize you may have to grind all your seams depending on how fucked your concrete is. Also have you looked at the diferences of height when puting plywood down. Will it raise the finished height above your baseboard ? Are you prepared to pull up and or put down shoe. One those concrete floors in the basement? How often does water appear if at all. May have to get treated plywood. You realize you will have to face nail boards at the ends of your run. Depending on your floor thickness brad nails will only hold so much.
817179Right now the thick carpet sits on thick foam/sponge like thing. Total thickness is more than 1" meaning that the OSB plus LVP would be just right thickness-wiseNo water signs anywhere the "basement" is a few inches higher than the outside ground.As far as imperfections, I found a nice video on youtube where a guy would cut 3/4 of the board thickness every foot or so on both directionsand place them cut down - surface is smooth on top but it can also follow the floor's irregularities. He used glue and not nails though - it seems that that's what I'll use.
My husband and I just bought a house and the master bedroom had carpet which was ungodly stained and smelled like a dog died and decayed in it. We were torn between new carpet, hardwood or laminate. Now we don't have kids but I am pregnant so we wanted something that would withstand kids and would essentially be the best bang for our buck. A lot of places tried to sell us on carpet but we ended up going with tile and I'm so glad we did. As another poster had mentioned, it is chilly. We put a huge area rug under our bed and just have slippers on each of our sides. I say if you can afford it, go with tile.
816381Just wanted to say house in OP's pic is godlike, 10/10 would use that tower for all my mad scientist needs
816381Cork is an expensive option. It doesn't get all cold as hell and is easy on bare feet.
I think carpeted floors are generally a pretty poor idea. They absorb stains, harbor dust mites and are hard to clean. A better idea is to have some sort of hard flooring and use rugs in areas which you inhabit and will get cold. You can easily clean a rug and mop the floor when needed, Also rugs are beautiful. Personally i like hardwood flooring, especially herringbone patterns. Its a bitch to lay, but worth it i think. I helped my dad lay the flooring in our kitchen when i was younger. He used oak and treated it with Danish oil. The result is hard wearing, waterproof and doesn't need much maintenance. You can also refinish easily. Resin flooring can also be pretty nice, especially for kitchens, bathrooms and downstairs utility areas. It has the advantage of a seamless surface, making it easy to clean.
OP here. Thanks for all the advice, the decision is like this:Living room, dining room and downstairs bedroom concrete slab as base - OSB glued to concrete covered by Luxury Vinyl Planks light brown wood model. Add a few rugs.Kitchen same as living/dining - Luxury Vinyl Tile glued directly to concrete light gray stone modelStairs - just remove the carpet and paint the wood underneathUpstairs bedrooms OSB or plywood base - Luxury Vinyl Plans darker brown wood model plus some rugsThe main factor in deciding this are my kids 3 and 8 y.o. who will try their best to scratch, wet, destroy everything. Also, shopping around, I noticed that good quality LVP/LVT 4mm thick, long warranty, thick wear layer, nice colors etc etc is not much cheaper than hardwood/tile
I want to do something I've never even done before. I want to get into crafting "decorations". Let's say my first goal would be a hearthstone box like this, what should I read? What should I do? How do people start doing shit? I'm legit lost here. I just want a book that helps up with the fundations, or a website or I don't know, anything. I don't even know the tools I need.Basically I want to do kickass decorations.
www.google.com
817490this is very beutiful! This is not CGI?
817490Pic is a relief carving in wood, aka carving in 2d ish. Google that.
817517 is the most difficult/time consuming/authentic way.A simpler way would be to cut multiple pieces from card/foam/3d print and glue them to a simple box and paint.
817490http://www.therpf.com/showthread.php?t=202395This is the build log for the one in your picture
817522Who would want to do it the non-authentic way?:/
