The /g/ Wiki:http://wiki.installgentoo.com//g/ is for the discussion of technology and related topics./g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.For tech support/issues with computers:https://startpage.com/ or https://duckduckgo.com (i.e., fucking google it)https://stackexchange.com/http://www.logicalincrements.com/You can also search the catalog for a specific term by using:https://boards.4chan.org/g/searchwordAlways check the catalog before creating a thread:/g/catalogPlease check the rules before you post:https://www.4chan.org/rulesBegging for cryptocurrency is against the rules!To use the Code tag, book-end your body of code with:&#91;code] and &#91;/code]Abuse of the code tag may result in a ban.
Is this an actual viable and good build and possible build or is this just a troll picture?How good it is if it's actually real?
it's not possible for me.. first thing i looked at was the processor on micro center and it's $50 in-store pickup only (none in Oregon)
That's fine, but I would spend an extra $50 for an ssd over a 7200 rpm HDD.  That would be a very noticeable performance boost.
ssd is a smart choice
Slight downgrade on the graphics, but here, this might be around what you're looking for.Also dear god never go 2x4GB on RAM.https://pcpartpicker.com/user/AlexWindia/saved/#view=LXqgXL
>430w psu
why never go 2x4 GB ? I rapidly checked on the internet and i found out people said everywhere that 2x4 is better than 1x8 for some multichannel reason that I don't understand
>implying that build needs more than that>buying a dual core>2015https://youtu.be/JxUPJdcChzE?t=212
>How good it is if it's actually real?It's fine for 95% of all gaymes and will emulate with no problems.

http://scienceblog.com/78553/tvs-screens-bad-combination-advertisers/>If you’re watching television while using a second screen – like a smartphone or tablet – new research suggests that some of the most expensive marketing messages aimed at you are missing their mark.>While the trend of “second screen” use has become pervasive, this is the first study to show that viewers have trouble recalling brands they see (or hear) on TV if they’re using such devices.I noticed this the other day /g/, with the AdBlock article. What's with this disturbing new trend of painting advertising companies as victims? Their main argument always seems to be "but they spend SO MUCH MONEY on those ads, don't you feel bad for not watching them?" As if that gives them an inherent entitlement to our attention! And you, you poor stupid little consumer, who can't even remember the brands he saw on TV -- why, it's a tragedy!What the fuck is happening to our society?
We freed Margret, and now she is shitting on the carpet.Eventually we will remember why we locked Margret away to begin with.
that picture, op>few sites can turn a profitYou have a right to profit as much as I have a right to content, dickhead.
I always recommend normies to uninstall adblockers.
the tears of those add companies are delicious even more delicious is the tears of the sites that don't get the money from the adds
It's that thing /pol/ is constantly talking about. That thing where "they" attempt to control our opinion.

>However, trying to actively filter ads from websites is stealing.Any facts to back that up?What about PVR and outright skipping TV ads?
"you're entering an extortion racket" Kill me now
>turn off ad blocked>malicious ad happens, something that can't be controlled by a site before the damage is already done>get fuckedFuck off ad companies, and i don't mind stealing from irrelevant people from irrelevant countries that are not my own. Suck my dick. You ain't my people, and i don't pay taxes to you or for you.
Good. Cable gonna be the new radio soon.Also it's just 2 articles, one of which is just citing a study. Calm down
It's funny cause the websites that complain about adblockers are websites that are such cesspools that deserve to die off anywayinb4 buzzfeed creates an anti-adblock video
is this really a patented thingy?source?
http://www.slashgear.com/new-sony-patent-shows-off-interactive-commercials-23243781/
AFAIK it's for that Sony kinect-like thing.
thanks
I think there is a significant amount of people who would rather pay a little bit of money and get what they want on demand and without advertising.Netflix is an example of a service done right.  Pretty much everyone who isn't poor or underage has Netflix  I also pay for Google Music All Access, as opposed to using Pandora.  Many people use similar services like Spotify.Hopefully companies will understand that if their service is good, people will pay for it.
>not focusing 100% on the TV is STEALING! How DARE you look away when there are ads, you filthy thief!They did not say that exactly, but this is where we are going.
They don't get money if you watch them, they get money if you CLICK THEM, if you don't plan on clicking them they don't get money period, so if you don't click the ad your still stealing content
What are you on about
>pay for Hulu Plus>still get ads
What is pay per view?
Except Netflix doesn't make money
Self-absorbed underage b& /v/irgins whining.  That's gaymergate.  Take it elsewhere.
Are you dyslexic?
Wouldn't you know someone who doesn't know the difference between "your" and "you're" has no clue what he's talking about.
>muh boogeyman>muh gaymergate>muh pol>muh "i don't like it, remove it"
No, I'm Patrick.
I hate this trend of people stopping at "The ads pay me" so they're good.The ads may pay you, but that doesn't mean the "morality" of the situation stops with your pay. To target ads efficiently, a market has been created for personal data. This encourages a reduction in user privacy (harmful) without explicit informed consent from the user (harmful), in short, it is abuse of the user. Tracking a user to target ads at them, without their explicit and informed consent is abuse, and this is immoral.If you are helping this model by running ads from such harmful ad-providers, you are, knowingly or unknowingly, aiding an immoral act. It is at best morally neutral and possibly even morally beneficial to block ads from such providers; hopefully if nobody sees their ads they will go out of business while a much nicer service which provides advertisement with far more limited targeting (ie, put tech ads on /g/ because it's a tech site, but don't track specific users.) will not. In the case of technology and games, sponsoring individual e-celebs is also an ethical alternative (in terms of privacy at least, unless they're explicit that they've been sponsored /v/ probably wouldn't be too happy to see someone 'shilling')Now technically it doesn't all stop there, perhaps the money they earn was being sent to feed starving children in developing nations, and perhaps they do so on such a scale as to outvalue the privacy of the billions of people currently using the internet, but I have severe doubts about that, and it's getting pretty esoteric on that level. Simply within the realm of Ads and the internet, they are abusive to 90% of users who do not give informed, explicit consent to being tracked.There are also cultural problems relating to funding and how that links into content quality (clickbait, etc.) but that's another story altogether.
That's why you don't pay or even watch Hulu Plus.
I don't even use adblock on youtube, but I can't remember any of the companies that advertised to me. Except the couple I'm already a customer of.I don't even need a second screen for it
But this isn't even /v/ related. It's about ads. Jesus.
UBLOCK ORIGIN MASTER RACENow with blocking in the logger.
Self-absorbed underage b& /v/irgins whining. That's gaymergate. Take it elsewhere.
if you don't like it then get the fuck out of my interwebs bitch.
Or else you're gonna harass me on Twitter, gaymergater?
You got me. Successfully baited.
>advertiser tears
10/10
If people wouldn't get paid to write 500 word blog-"articles" that they have done "research" for by googling for 15 minutes, the Internet would be a better place.The most informative articles are still the ones using only most simple html and having absolutely no SEO work done. At least that's how i feel.
Around here, some liberal organizations who are lobbying politics (supposedly elected) and aims to pass or regulate software, the most remarkable bullshit is:- adblockers or ad-blocking methods are judged as being harmful software just like cracks, or viruses. supposedly, the users don't know they are blocking an "essential source of revenues"however- trojans and rootkits embedded in commercial software are perfectly legal as a plan of revenue since the user agrees in the EULA.so, basically >herp
uh.. I was not talking to you.Please stop quoting my posts.
Can you translate the text in the picture?Do not feed.
The advertisers don't give a shit.  All it means is that they'll refuse to pay as much.  It's the content creators who are upset when ad revenue takes a hit since it means they can't create quality entertainment and will end up doing mind-numbing, tedious labor instead.Or propaganda.  The right is a sucker for that.
https://youtu.be/lI5YFVagu8M?t=1m50s
Neither does Spotify.How does these companies even stay afloat?
It isn't that hard for sites to detect if you are using an adblocker.They could easily deny you access to their content if they detect you are but they won't, the reason they won't is because they know that the only way they will get more viewership is for their visitors to share the site with others. People who can't access the content won't share the site, so the number of people using adblockers must be a significant portion of their viewership such that they won't just block them out.Because they can't block them out they have to resort to making adblocking illegal.[spoiler]Of course, if the ads are intrusive then the people using the adblockers won't visit the site if they legally couldn't use an adblocker anyway.
>Can you translate the text in the picture?I last took French six years ago, but I'll try.>Blocking is steaking>Are you using malicious software without your knowledge?>People(?) who block ads on the internet are also blocking a considerable amount of revenue for entrepreneurs, their affiliates, the honest users, and also you.>Tell your (?) and friends!
Netflix has a subscription. Spotify has "premium".
>Blocking is steakingHurp, meant stealing.
>Blocking is steaking>Are you using delicious software without your knowledge?Tasty info. Thanks for the translation.
shut the fuck up loser, stop trying to telling people how to behave, I'm not your dog and not your fucking little kid.
Not sure about Netflix. But Spotify haven't made a profit since they started if I remember correctly.
>I'm not your little kid.You are free to stop acting like a kid, any time.
It stands to logic that a business cannot grow/improve/continue to exist for a long time without profit. Wikipedia says that Spotify has 1500 employees.
>every time you use one of these services, you're enabling an extortion racket where ad-blocking companies charge content providers money to let their ads through the filterHas this ever happened with Adblock? Is this actually a thing?
doesn't adblock charge to put non-intrusive ads on a whitelist.which is bullshit because they still keep privacy-harming ads on, even though they're more harmful than shitty fake windows 95 boxes.
Some truth, exaggerated by the Whine And Moan® gang, of course.Some adblockers allow some ads through. You need to "allow non-intrusive ads", but that is obviously subjective. I do not know if these adblockers allow companies to pay to be labelled "non-intrusive".
Greatest scam of all. What's the point of paying if you're still subject to ads? It's not like NBC/Comcast really need the money.
shut up loser.
I think ArsTechnica went through something similar a few years back, but they ended up compromising.
Better watch out, Falcon, or he'll harass you on Twitter!  You'll never survive the hashtag he has in store for you!
Egads, no! Not the #hashtag! Please have mercy!
>Wikipedia says that Spotify has 1500 employees.Dear god, why would a company like that need more than about 100 employees?  It's a music app.  All they need labor for is to (1) run the server room, (2) maintain the app, (3) sell ads for the free version, and (4) the usual support team of accountants and lawyers.   They need 1500 people for that?   Holy shit.
Maybe they have multiple physical locations, each with large server rooms that need lots of maintenance? Wikipedia also says that Spotify covers Europe and both Americas.
I use adblock, because I'm a Nazi!
>What's with this disturbing new trend of painting advertising companies as victims?ITS MARKETING>our job is to control the public opinion>shits arent watching ads>time to manipulate the public opinion so people stop using adblocksWhat SHOCK
Just a daily reminder why blocking ads is theft.https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/wiki/Tips-and-tricks-waterfall
Twitter has never made a profit ether and they're making huge losses year after year.You'd be amazed at how much money investors can pump into unprofitable companies if they've got enough users.

You'd be surprised if you knew who really is pumping cash into stuff like twitter.
Good point, and a healthy set of quads to boot.
>Tell your (?) and friends!Tell your close ones and colleges.
Doesn't that make adblockers pretty much illegal then?
This is lame, I don't use Twitter at all but even I can see that it's an interesting platform to get information from famous/interesting individuals.Hopefully they'll find a way to turn in a profit because Twitter shutting down would suck for news.
If those investors are also advertisers, does it matter in the end? Twitter is one of the most shill infested sites I've ever seen. When any event happens, the bots come out to spam.
Twitter isn't going down soon mainly cause of  and cause security agencies like the NSA won't let it go down either.They won't let go of their shill and propaganda network so easily.
based gorhill
Copy writer for an ad agency here.Jesus Christ, with your bellyaching. We're just trying to make a living. Then ignore the ads, how is your life any worse for having ads in the content you consume?
here's your reply
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO KNOW YOU ARE LITERALLY POISINING SOCIETY
The problem with twitter from a financial standpoint is that they just went and created a service and decided they'd figure out how to properly monetize it later on. Now it's years down the line and they've still not been able to monetize it. Not even close, they're miles off even the break-even point.What's going to happen is that eventually investors' patience will wear thin and they're going to shove in really pervasive ads. This will ether drive away users or get twitter to start breaking even.As for the crackpot theories involving the NSA, the NSA isn't in the business of manipulating public opinion, they're in the business of tapping into and recoding all forms of electronic communication. Even if they were, they won't have the budget to cover the costs of a company that made a loss of 511 million USD in 2014.
Get a real job, bum.
Poisoning society? Do you have a private sector job? If so, you work for somewhere that 99% of the time has to generate its income off of other people. You will not get paid if that income isn't generated. And to get that income off other people, you need to let those customers know you exist.Jesus Christ, why am I even wasting my time when you're more likely a NEET who's one or two dead parents away from being homeless or a teenager who has no idea how our economy works.
Can't say I'm very heartbroken about an ad company copywriter being worried about their job...On the other hand, my plan for when I come to power does involve having all copywriters Auschwitz'd within the first 6 months.
Someone else noticed the authors name
The author literally changed his name a bit in order to not look so suspicious.

Macbook faggots BTFOLiterally GOAT laptop http://www.trustedreviews.com/dell-xps-13-2015-review 9/10
Thing is really good I agreeStill>windows
You forgot to mention the part where the article said "If you have the option of getting a MacBook instead, go for that, it's significantly better in every way possible."Fucking shill.
>http://www.trustedreviews.com/dell-xps-13-2015-review 9/10I forgot to mention it because it isn't in there you fucking appledrone.They mention several times that this thing undercuts the air while being better in most departments
>can't control the brightnessAYY LMAOYYLMAO
>fresh install>can now control the brightnessI wouldn't expect crapplefaggots to be capable of doing this
The XPS13 is an amazing laptop but I doubt it has the fell of a macbook pro.It's cheaper though and doesn't use iOS, which is good if you're not some babby
Shitty trackpad and bad Linux support, though.
Nope. Still can't. Brightness controls are broken.
>Nope. Still can't.Yes you can
>Kensington slotAll Apple laptops beaten.
Waiting for the Skylake upgrade edition and also to not be a poorfag.
What do you mean, the fell of a macbook pro?
I forgot.  I know the RAM is soldered in, but can you upgrade the SSD yourself?
Macbooks don't come with iOS, wtf?
No you can't.http://en.community.dell.com/support-forums/laptop/f/3518/t/19615395>posted 4 months ago>no reply from DellQuality tech support.
If people can't steal your laptop they will destroy it instead. It's a sad world we live in.
Nevermind, answered in the review.  You can upgrade the SSD.  Although the review said it's a hectic process where they fear you might damage the machine prying the cover off.
No niggers live here only gypsies, and those either steal or...or have already stolen.Also why bother breaking a laptop when theres endless amounts of easily recognizable expensive laptops around assuredly lacking any security features - like A HOLE.They can just steal Mac shit and sell it to the millions of "I want to be snob but can't/don't want to actually afford it so I buy secondhand macs".
That's not an example of somebody who tried a fresh install, stop being such a fucking idiot.
Man its fucking ridiculous how instead of making the replacement easier its just getting harder and harder...if not made impossible.They can make a tiny aluminium door for the serial number but cba to design the thing to be serviceable...
You're fucking retarded.
It's still a minor thing to pick one, and it's something that can easily be solved with a software update. The screen is rated as excellent and amazing in the reviews, I guess you are just jealous the macbook screen is a piece of shit compared to this.
>macbook>iosNice try shill
>macbook screen is a piece of shit compared to this.Source?
>easily fixed>hasn't been fixed in 4 months>thinking that any screen that won't let you control the brightness is worth anything
Not him, and I'm actually considering buying the Dell this summer, but I've read that the brightness control bug comes from the firmware, not the OS. Because otherwise I'd Fedora on that thing and not care less what some buggy bloat on Windows does.Anyway, someone said that if you set the brightness to max it won't change, but that was one guy. On /g/. Pile of salt.
I'm sorry, I ment OSX. Which is inferior to windows in my opinion because it lacks programs I need.Obviously I mean the feeling, you know with pure alimium frame and rubber keys.
Even without adjusting the brightness it is reported to have excellent battery life, plus no reflections because it's matte.Now when they fix the brightness adjustability it will be the icing on the cake, but right now it's still a fantastic screen.>you know with pure alimium frame and rubber keys.This thing also has an alimium frame , excellent build quality and a great keyboard
>when the fix itWhat makes you think they will ever fix it?
Because it's a common complaint, an easy software fix and pretty much the only thing holding a otherwise flawless product down, they would be mad not to.
>great keyboardI heard otherwise. They say key travel is too short and it feels a bit unresponsive but I can imagine it's better than my €500 laptop
>easy software fixIt's baked into the firmware of the display driver.Good luck. There's a reason Dell completely ignored the issue for ha!lf a year.
>It's baked into the firmware of the display driver.Does that make it unfixable?
Is the brightness flaw on the 1080p screen, the 1800p screen, or both?
I owned one Dell laptop about a year ago and it was an absolute pile of dogshit. I ended up selling it for no loss after a few months and buying an 11" macbook air.>windowsugh no thanks, ill pass
post in here if you're stupid and/or have a questionold bred>
can i download torrents through tor?if so my ISP will just see encrypted traffic right?i pretty much only download porn but sometimes a LOT of porn
>can i download torrents through tor?no, get a vpn
If my graphics card has a 6 and 8 pin power connector which do I use.
I basically have no programming experience. Whats a good book to learn coffeescript
How better would a high end 2013 15" rMBP be compared to a 2015 low end 13" model?15", 16GB Ram, 512SSD, Intel HD Graphics 4000 1024MB
What is appchan x written in
both, read the manual you dumb ass
english
there is a possible date for CM12.1 Stable? i dont want to use nightlies
is Veracrypt legit?I like the file container methodology from Truecrypt but I think it is time to upgrade?
I'd expect any book wound be worse than online resources. I can't point you anywhere specific though.
My Android phone doesn't show up in Linux when I do lsusbOr in windows, anywhere in device manager. Not even when I show hidden devices. Also, it doesn't have a rom installed, only has TWRP. How can I get Linux or Windows to recognize it via USB?
It's possible, but it's going to be very slow, and tor supporters STRONGLY frown on it because it uses a huge amount of data and the tor network really isn't made to support your gigantic porn habit, so you're using far more than your fair share.Get a VPN if you want a better solution. Using torrents via tor makes you a gigantic asshole.
trying to get my network driver to work on archlinux, i need ipw2200. However i cant install the package directly because i cant connect so im trying to do it through USB and having major issues help. totally new to this shit.
You only an asshole would clog up traffic for pedophiles and criminals
codeacademy and other generic free learning sites like udemy and khan academy
my friend wen't full retarded and tried to transfer his apple account to my email and now he got it locked (probably used the wrong email). is there a way to re enable his account? his birthday doesn't work (probably because he changed it to mine) and when I click email it doesn't send an email to either of our accounts. anyone know how to fix his apple account?even better does anyone know how to set up an iphone 5 without needing his account?
will an SSHD improve performance on games loading over a HDD?
inb4 tyrone
only if you play a few games a lot (depends on the size of the cache mostly)
 an 8gb cache? also in general an SSHD will outperform or perform just as well as a regular?
Is ">install Gentoo" a meme or is it genuinely good system.
here let me try to make this clearer so its easier to help. totally new to this stuff. I have my USB mounted in /mnt/repo. inside it is a file called ipw2200-fw-3.1.5-any.pkg.tar.xzso I set file://mnt/repo/ to the server and sig level at PackageRequired.Then I pacman -S ipw2200-fw-3.1.5-any.pkg.tar.xz and nada.  whats the issue here.
if you play a lot of smaller games (small enough to mostly fit on a 8 gig drive) then yes you are good. but some larger games (like gta 5) it won't make that big of a difference.and no, sshds tend to perform worse (outside of the cache) because they tend to use slower 5400 rpm drives instead of 7200
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/phQR99did I fuck up? Waiting on the 300 series hype. This will be an upgrade to my existing workstation, and I'll be reusing my seasonic x650  + nas.
If you're waiting for the 300 series why not just wait for skylake tooAnd why would you get an M.2 SATA drive, that nullifies the benefits of using M.2 in a desktop.
Think this will go any cheaper?http://www.ebuyer.com/614541-asus-r9-290x-directcu-ii-4gb-gddr5-dual-dvi-hdmi-displayport-pci-e-r9290x-dc2-4gd5
when will skylake be released? The amd cards are expected to come mid June, and leaks of broadwells i7-6700k show it performing worse than the 5820k. The m.2 was mainly because it was the same price as the 2.5" version and I don't have the cash for a pcie one so why not.
can someone tell me how I can run my own DNS resolver instead of using my ISP or google (I have a VPS with CentOS 6.6)
Is there any good software for adding multiple workspaces to Window 7?
Is it true heating protein powder renders it useless? I was thinking about mixing it with my steaming hot oatmeal in the morning
Can I install a live USB linux distro on a micro SD card with an USB adapter?
>/fit/>/ck/
So a 7200rpm SSHD will perform just as well if not better then a regular 7200rpm HDD?
I just updated to windows 10 from windows 8.1 and I cant use my start menu, I already googled it and nothing works, what do?
Probably I guess, but it will also cost more for not that great of benefit.
I ran windows troubleshooter and my registry is corrupted, am I fucked?
It might be repairableI'm not sure what you expected updating to an unfinished OS
How do I get a software engineering job that won't end with me being homeless in a year?I feel like I know nothing
go out, meet people and network. start with a linkedin or something
But I'm shy and antisocial; why do you think I'm posting on /g/?I'm worried that nobody will notice me
Is there any package solutions for fixing missing fonts on GNU/Linux. I need my moonrunes.
thats the point of networking, you need to make your self seem different than the crowd through projects/skillset/something that makes you worth hiring. Unless you're working in some sketch incubator or in game design you'll have a solid job in software engineering. gl my friend
Sometimes after i finish a match in cod and want to quit to the main menu i get a blue screen. It only happens in cod, what could that possibly be?
Corrupt install or drivers. What's the bsod code?
keep getting this error trying to open a cue sheet in foobar. any help? cue sheet in next post
aaaand this is the beginning of the cue sheet. everything seems to be in order, no idea why this error keeps coming back?
just tried opening the cue in fucking vlc and it works perfectly, is it just foobar not properly recognizing the japanese letters in the sheet?
How do I lower my CPU temps? I recently installed a GTX 750 and it's located right below the CPU. Is that what's causing this?
So if i wanted a script/program to skim through a particular text for me and then have it list the 6 most used words in said text (starting from a specific amount of letters to avoid having shit like "and" listed) as output values, how exactly would i go about that
70 at load is still fine, what was it before?
Maximum 30 when idle. Up to 70 when I did some extensive work.Now, the temp goes up to 100 when gaming.
Try reapplying thermal paste, you might've made it shift when you were messing around in the case
no, not at all. If your smoothie is hot enough to denature protein it's going to denature your mouth right off your face as well.Check for dust. replace thermal paste. get some cardboard and test using it to direct GPU airflow away from CPU.
cm11 or cm12?
Are you sure it's not the gpu placement?
Also will the temps damage my cpu?
Over 80C is not good for your CPU, 100C means you stop what you were doing right now.
play around with the airflow in your case and see if it makes a difference. Would be surprised if it was just that though. I think your cpu cooler is loose or something.
Well, I'll get some new thermal paste then.Thanks for your input guys.
I tried to check where the heat was coming from but I cant feel any hot air flowing inside the case.I'm thinking maybe, because gpu is located below, the hot air rises and heats up the processor.
I noticed that when I push the cpu fan a bit it, it moves a bit I.e. its not fixed in on place. What should I do?
Based on your speccy pic the air being blown off your card is <32C. Hot air can interfere with CPU cooling but it's not going to bring it to 69C.
holy fucking shit. I pushed it a bit and it set in place. I am a retard...
>dismount fan>clean old thermal paste off fan and cpu die>re-apply new thermal paste.re-attach fan>invoke the gods of cooling>see if that fixed it.
don't push it
May great cooling and smooth fps come to you all brothers
congarbultians.You probably got voids in your thermal paste now so if your temps get high again considering re-mounting and re-applying paste. If your temps stay normal then don't even worry about it.
Yeah sure thing.
Using RSSOwl 2.2.1 in Win XP Professional 32-bit SP3. Yesterday I updated Java and now RSSOwl won't open; it says>A Java Runtime Environment (JRE) or Java Development Kit (JDK) must be available in order to run RSSOwl. No Java virtual machine was found after searching the following locations:C:\Archivos de programa\rssowl\jre\bin\javaw.exejavaw.exe in your current PATH"What do I do? I followed that path and noticed that I indeed have no jre\bin\javaw.exe.
I can't explain the reason that doesn't work (I'm not an arch guru), but have you tried pacman -U /mnt/repo/ipw2200-fw-3.1.5-any.pkg.tar.xz ?
How much time do you need to get used to a trackball mouse?
It depends, for me it was zero time for a thumbball. After a few days I got even better at fps than with mouse actually.
Well I won't be playing with it but I want one for work, so it would be kinda neat to get used to it pretty fast. What mouse do you use? I'm thinking about getting the logitech m570.
Posted this is another thread but nobody replied..I'm relatively new to GPUs. How do I see whether a card is a reference cooler card or not? I'm in Denmark and prices differ a shitload on the 290x here, this is the cheapest one by far - is it shit?http://cdon.dk/hjemme-elektronik/asus/asus-radeon-r9-290x-4gb-directcu-ii-hdmi-displayport-2xdvi-p33295602
That's the one I have, works great but you have to clean the ball supports often.I had some prior experience but only for a few minutes, and back then symmetric ones felt very awkward to use unlike thumbballs, but ymmw.
>ones felt very awkward to use unlike thumbballsYeah the thumbballs look more comfortable. I guess I'll give it a try.
Is buying a book about HTML and css unnecessary? Can I learn everything I need to for free?
I'm noticing at least a 30% cpu usage difference while using flash video on Project Spartan compared to Chrome.What magic is Spartan using? Some sort of light version of flash?
Honestly when it comes to web design/dev i find that video tutorials are better than regular books. Sure, you can buy one book that's like huge reference but do not buy intro books, watch countless video courses instead
Got a chromebook with a messed up keyboard (came with a USB keyboard) for cheap.Is there anything I can really do with it, or should I just try to flip it?
Anyone? I've installed QuiteRSS portable and it goes fine, but I'd like to know what to do about RSSOwl.
 giggled
I have an xperia z3 and I know it has an FM radio, I listened to it on the stock ROM, but I'm running the latest CM 12.1 nightly and it doesn't support it, is there any way to get it back? Will it at least be there in the stable CM 12.1 release?
Is Crossfire another term for SLI?
Send it back to the retailer (i'm assuming ebay, if they gave you the laptop, without telling you it was broken, you are entitled to a full refund.)
I wanted to code some gui-code in Python or give it a shot at least. So I intended to work with PyQT and when I run the following code in cmdpyuic4 -o Output.py Input.uiI get this error message:"'Pyuic4' is not recognized as an internal external command, operable program or batch file."Why do I get it and how do I fix it?
Crossfire is for AMD cards, SLI is for Nvidia cards
Non reference, it's a good card
Why has my thread watcher stopped displaying threads in italics when I'm replied to? Used to work fine though I'm not sure what's wrong with it now. I don't use any extensions outside of the default one though I did used to use 4chanx
no, i knew the keyboard had issues and it's still completely usable with the USB keyboard, i just want to know if it's worth keeping and if there's anything interesting i can do with it or if i  should just sell it.another stupid question i suppose, is there any other way to access the recovery mode without holding esc, refresh, and tapping the power button? i would like to access developer mode, but it seems to need to be done through the recovery mode which i can't reach in this fashion due to the defunct keyboard.
cm12
Is it possible to make files from the external D: drive initially go to a recycling bin when deleted? If so, how?It's a Micro SD card
you can learn everything you need for free in the internet.
Ordered one of these the otherday; http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/291469795173?_trksid=p2057872.m2749.l2649&ssPageName=STRK%3AMEBIDX%3AIT.Tested it out with h2testw using one of those microsd to sd card adapters and the sd slot on my laptop, it checks out fine but the transfer speeds are half of what they should be. Could it be fake or could that slot just be bottlenecking it? I don't have any of those SD - USB adapters either but I have got a phone I could test it in. What do?

>windowslook therec:\Python<version>\Lib\site-packages\PyQt<version>\
so obvious phishing mail was obvious but i still misclicked and now it downloaded a .zip which obviously contains an injector.Of course i didnt open the file, but im still afraid it might have compromised mysystem on the download page.this is the filevirustotal.com/de/file/a3fbfc4945a715293f57a2b0452d844bf17955b1070efd67dfde644fe50c1fe3/analysis/Imworried because i received the exact same phishing mail simultaneously intwo seperate email accounts which should not have a lot in common.How fucked am i?
Most likely fake. Run a speed test with it in your phone
btw this was the download site. Mfw its actually the hacked side of a yacht manufacturer.http://www.walconmarine dot com dot au/v2aEeVRoT3p/DHL_Report_3752645758.zip
Thanks, it worked!
Don't open it, nothing will happen
Is 290x a safe choice?Is it likely to stop working and/or set my house in fire?
thx
*on
posting again because dear fuck i can't find anything.i got a used acer c710 chromebook with a messed up keyboard (using a USB keyboard right now) that i would like to be running ubuntu. to do this, i must first enable developer mode. the only way to do that, is by rebooting into recovery mode which is done by holding esc and f3 and tapping the power button. unfortunately, because of the keyboard issues, either the esc key, the f3 key, or both do not work. i have tried doing it with the USB keyboard, but it does not work. is there ANY other way to reboot into recovery mode without using the key combo? maybe i'm just bad at googlefu, but i can't find any help.
After applying for an Inbox invitation, I received one but unfortunately it requires to be downloaded from either Google Play or App Store, in order to work on desktop browsers afterwards. I don't own a smartphone or a tablet. Is there a way to bypass this problem?inb4 — the caveman of 2015.inb42 — Gogol products.
Can't you use some google play apps in chrome? Or is it just for local apks?
what is the best image viewer for windows?
I tried that and I can't even open anything since it tells me that "No device is connected to this account."
... why wouldn't you just treat it like a package from the AUR?
HoneyViewMaybe try android VM?
Thank you, sir. I'll give it a try.
how do i disable virtual buttons in GravityBox[Xposes]?
lurker for a total of 4 minutesKeyboards:Why are mechanical keyboards good? Should i look into them as a filthy casual who doesn't code/program?Macs:Is the general consensus that macs suck? I want a mac for the sleek, lightweight, sxc design and battery life. It really just seems very versatile and perfected. Forgive me if that is nothing special, I don't have much experience with windows laptops. There is a high chance I would resort to bootcamp on a mac. Is that completely absurd?
pls helpI meant to set up my drive with a partition for root (50G), and a separate partition for /home (500G)but I set it up with everything on root including home by accident, so I barely have any spacenow I need to know if I can permanently mount the 500G partition onto /home without screwing shit up. Will that work, or am I going to have to need to reinstall or do some other shit?
Why don't you mount it as /media/partition or ~/partition and symlink whatever wastes too much space in your ~ ?
Move everything from your /home to that parition, mount it at /home, add an fstab entry.It's probably a good idea to stop your displaymanager and login in a tty as root while doing this or to do it from a live CD / another system.
Is there any way to check the approximate equivalent of "USE flags" in a non-Gentoo distro like CRUX so I know what a software includes by default, or does software simply include "everything" (mentioned in its docs) by default?
Configuring gentoo is not a useful skill.
that seems a bit roundabout, i want to have it set up the way i intended. i've backed up everything currently on /home, i just need to know if mounting over it will transition properly or if it will cause a bunch of problems. if it will, then i might have to do your suggestion
https://github.com/zixaphir/appchan-x
MPV on Arch is smooth windowed/maximized but really choppy in full screen.  Hardware decoding is enabled and working, HD4600 IGP.  VLC plays the same videos full screen smoothly.
I'm trying to play a DVD on my linux machine but it gives me errorsBut it works completely fine on windowsI tried to update libdvdcss2 but it saidNo update candidate for 'libdvdcss2-1.2.13-5.1.x86_64'. The highest available version is already installed.what do
Does it matter whether or not /home is empty when I mount onto it? It will overwrite everything if it's not empty, yeah?
so use VLC
Hey /g/I have a busted laptop. It's a...gateway... I'm not happy about it either. However I was basically using it for almost 2 years till it shit out on me. Now I want to sell it for parts. I had a mini set up with another keyboard, my trackball and monitor and stereo. It looked like it was plugged into the matrix. How much do you think I could get off of all the main parts if they are hardly warn? The screen was smashed then replaced. I was thinking around 100 cause the parts but the HDD stays with me.Thoughts?
Can someone tell me what keyboard layout this is?
My VPS has been shut down after a day due to spamhaus block list.How can I avoid this shit ?
It doesn't matter, nothing will be overwritten, but the files won't be accessible as long as the partition is mounted. It's a waste of hard drive space to keep stuff there though.
Different proteins have different temps at which they denature. It really depends..
Could be, try changing the cuesheet's encoding to UTF-8 by going Encoding->Convert to UTF-8 and save.
You are not a useful skill.
A horrible one
thanks a lot mate. i'll give it a try
Looking for a cheap used smartphone.Would love to get as small one, not bigger as xperia ray, maybe a little faster though. any suggestions?
The HDD, RAM, screen, possibly keyboard, possibly power cable, possibly battery, WiFi card, are all salvageable parts. It depends on the condition and model for how much money you can get
the condition its in is not bad at all. I mean it looks like your average old person owned it. I did my very damndess to keep it pretty. like I said, the HDD is staying with me. The ram was upgraded to 8GBs tho
Should I use USB or 3.5mmfor a headset?
Does anyone have an explanation as to why youtube doesn't block adblockers?
> headsetNow that it's out of the way, you don't use USB for headphones. You use USB for DAC, that may be bundled with some headphones if they are just that shit.
No.
If my computer has ddr3 1333mhz ram-memory installed, is it possible to install a ddr3 2000mhz and utilize it to full capacity? Is there anything I should think of before installing a new ram-memory?
yea I know headset, managed to get a pair of siberia elite prism from a friend for like 30 bucks, thought why not
Thats a Linotype keyboard
I've noticed that Better Privacy and Self-Destructing Cookies no longer deletes Youtube videos' cookies now that everything is HTML5, is there an addon for Firefox that takes care of this, or a folder that I can delete regularly?No, your 2000 RAM will not work at fill clock speed with 1333 RAM also installed. All RAM in your system needs to run at the same clock speed, timings, and voltage.
all sticks will works at the same frequency, anyway you won't notice any difference between 1333 and 2000 mhz
I just realized that I wasn't clear in my post, I'm sorry. I didn't intend to add new ram, but to replace them.Right, thank you very much. I take it it's not necessary to make some changes in bios after installation, simply to plug in the ram into the motherboard and boot up?
I have a stolen iPhone 5 and it has an icloud activation lock on it so the phones pretty much bricked. How do I get past this? Need some help /g/
What's the best way to cleanse a Mac of pirate/porn material before returning it for replacement/repair? On PC I used to just remove the drive and run a dedicated drive wiper.Short story - I bought a 13" rMBP to replace my 15" rMBP (needed portability).While swapping over files I noticed that the new 13" screen is darker in the bottom left corner, to the extent where it becomes noticeable when viewing text on white, whereas the 15" looks perfect by comparison.
Do a time machine backup nigger
Can I do that to an external USB driveHow does Time Machine help me erase the drive of the returned Macbook
At what point of time would a geforce 630M be considered good. Your answer can be before it was actually made
Why won't it let me enable subtitles in that stupid piece of shit media player classic? The dialog option to do is greyed out for some retarded reason
If you hold the home button and say "nigger nigger nigger" into the microphone it should unlock
Honestly, probably never. Integrated graphics, be it Intel's Iris Pro or AMD's APUs, are probably leagues ahead of it.
Not a nigger this is srs need some help
If it's serious take it to the Apple store and have them help you.
It's stolen though. I can't take it back to the Apple store.
my LG G2 gets shittier signal than my old Samsung S2. Why? Surely there's a setting I could tweak
Best Firefox fork?
arch user with pulseaudio. whenever I open a program, it mute all the other programs. How can I disable that ? I must close the program, close the second program, open the first program again to got sound.
icecat.
Right now I'm sitting on two 2gb "Single-Channel DDR3 @ 668MHz". Thinking of buying another 4gb stick. Should I stick with the same MHz ratio or can I get a 1000+MHz one?Should I avoid having two 2gb sticks and one 4gb stick or is that fine?
How can I break RSA 2048?
Get access to the NSA quantum computer.
did you changed the "default" configuration? what DE are you using?
i want to upgrade my PCi currently have a 6950, i5 2500k, 8gb ram are there any new grahpics cards or cpus that are worth upgrading to?
>worth upgrading todepends, do you actually need an upgrade?http://www.logicalincrements.com/
Refurbished mac mini or i5 nuc/brix for htpc and some (very) mild gaming The mini mostly works out cheaper but I worry about the lack of flexibility, considered itx, but I'd like it to be quiet as possible.
Does Big O ever matter in the real world?
For those from the last thread who were having issues with a shitton of blank space appearing when scrolling below the bottom of the page on 4chan, I found the bad add-on.I disabled downloadhelper 5.3.0 on my version of Firefox and it fixed the issue.
what program is good for downloading torrents?in addition, is there a way to hide my identity?just basic privacy to keep the legal agencies away
>what program is good for downloading torrents?deluge or qbittorrent>in addition, is there a way to hide my identity?>just basic privacy to keep the legal agencies awaysee pic, especially points 6-d, 8, 9 and 10
I'm having this peculiar issue wherein toggling full screen view on youtube videos makes every single youtube tab I currently have open begin playing at once. The pragmatic solution would be to stop hoarding tabs (pic related), but I'm curious as to what could be causing this. Using Firefox, probably the latest version.
>.gifI'm a vagina.Is that a screamer, or is it .gif due to optimization?
Yeah, but just as a means of ballparking performance. You should know when you're doing stupidly inefficient stuff and avoid it if there is a viable alternative.
What is the best way to password protect an external USB HDD?
I took it directly from /t/'s sticky, here is your png version
thx
filesystem level encryption
So basically there's this obscure foreign movie i really want to watch and the only .srt's available online are filled gibberish nonsense which basically only leaves me the option to learn the language this movie was shot in just so that i can understand itAlternatively though, could i not theoretically employ speech to text translation software like google does with their automatic speech/translation system on youtube? Anyone know what that's based on? Also when does the speech to text translation software for the google translate android app actually come out
What's the best way to cleanse a Mac of pirate/porn material before returning it for replacement/repair? On PC I used to just remove the drive and run a dedicated drive wiper.Short story - I bought a 13" rMBP to replace my 15" rMBP (needed portability).While swapping over files I noticed that the new 13" screen is darker in the bottom left corner, to the extent where it becomes noticeable when viewing text on white, whereas the 15" looks perfect by comparison.

Just do a time machine backup and format it. Thats what i did
Hold cmd+r on startup, go to disk utility, wipe the disk. You can choose some security option to rewrite the full disk with 0
Just dban it faggot. Expect to lose the OS though. But it will clean it damn well.
They have strict privacy policies and also don't have enough time to go through your shit. Just don't have it pop up at the bar in front of everyone.
I've been distro hopping for nearly a year now, this is just getting ridiculous. I can't seem to settle on one and I don't know why. Maybe I don't know what I want.I've tried nearly everything out there, including the BSDs.Does anyone else do this? I don't know what I'm asking for really, but it'd be nice to know I'm not the only one who ping-pongs between distros all the time.Help me find peace, /g/.
UbuntuNot even fucking around
Yeah to be fair, the buntus and Debian stable are pleasingly, well, stable if nothing else. Plenty of software that just works, decent support, etc.For some reason I just don't like it, though. Probably because I'm a div.
I was like that once... And since I'm not too understanding of Arch (not to mention it'll probably break when it updates) I generally just use Linux Mint or Ubuntu Studio. I can't really stand the regular version of Ubuntu.I guess just consider what it is you're looking for in a distro and that might help you settle. I just needed something stable that would allow me to properly do my multimedia stuff.But then again, nothing wrong with trying the many distros out there.Have you tried CentOS? If so, how is it? I was always curious of that one.
I have tried CentOS, only for a day or two. It felt like Debian stable, to me, but I found myself wilting.
Start with debian or ybuntu minimal, install a Windows manager, Sometimes people are just looking for a challenge.You know what you might enjoy? lfs.Keep a workable desktop, say buntu with your favourite wm, and then start building/installing Linux on a virtual machine through Linux from scratch. It'll be difficult, it'll test you, but it'll keep you preoccupied from distro hoping.After you sort of get what makes a distro, build your own.Btw>Plenty of softwareThat's not debian or buntu, that's aptitude, imo the best package manager purely because its the most popular. You could install aptitude on fedora or gentoo if you like.
arch master race reporting in
>Ubuntu>Not DebianPleb detectected
I distro hop a lot due to minor irritations.I think I'll stick with Arch for a while though, since I can configure it to work exactly as I wish.
Hello again /g/. I'm looking to upgrade after getting my $500 tax refund. Here's what I currently have if you don't feel like looking at my Speccy.Coolermaster HAF casei3-2100, with stock fanAsRock z77 Pro4Shitty 55gb SSD that came with mobo for free3TB HDD760550 watt PSU, I think.Here's what I want.i7-4790kQuality heatsinkCouple more fans so I don't catch on fire.I want a new GPU but I'll do that later. I'm willing to spend over my $500 return but not too much over.New SSD would be nice but I'm no where near done with my 3TB HDD.My questions are1. Should I get a new mobo? Do I actually need a new one? I believe the CPUs are the same socket.2. I'll need a new PSU won't I? What's a good brand?3. As far as new fans go, will they actually help? My current CPU is completely stock. I'll definitely be getting a heatsink and some quality thermal paste for my new CPU. Will 2 extra fans actually make any difference?
Nigger, your cpu cooler isn't mounted correctly.
A new CPU would be a good investment, the gtx 760 should be sufficient for 1080p 60fps
Try actually mounting that CPU cooler.  Make sure you have fresh paste too.
Read the sticky and gtfo
The cooler is mounted perfectly fine. It's just an old build that's running on it's last legs. Thermal paste may(probably) be gone.I'm not worried about my current CPU frying. I'm buying a new CPU today.Yeah I'm not too worried about the GPU. It'd just be nice to upgrade it. I guess I'll go ahead and ask since I'm here, would getting another 760 for SLI be a waste of money over buying a 980?Thanks for the bump.
>The cooler is mounted perfectly fineThat's not what the temps are saying.
I've had this cpu for 3-4 years. If the cooler wasn't properly mounted then it'd be dead by now.Doesn't matter anyways. The CPU and it's cooler are going to be removed by the end of the week.
Dumbest shit someone said about computers or technology.
/g/
/thread
"Even if I have to pay for it out of my own pocket, I want you to come to Apple. We'll have to solve those problems because you're the best person I've ever met. I know you're perfect for Apple, and Apple deserves the best."
How about just anyone, upon hearing that you work anything remotely to do with tech, feels the need to tell you about their 'great' app ideas.I feel like the ideas get worse every time.
'APPLE AND M$ ARE EVIL!!! OPEN SOFTWARE MADE BY JEWS IS NOT!!!'
Filtered this tripcancer weeb.
"Smartphones are a fad"
>SSD is worth it
>SSD is just a placebo
get out.
i'm in australiabest keep an eye on dat phone bill m8you should let your granny know the internet allows one to chat to anyone without distance fees, maybe she doesn't know
>Somebody hacked my xWhere x is some kind of social media profile, and the person in question doesn't keep a password/lock on their phone.
all form of attention is positive attention.
Iphone is better
>insulting your grandma when she probably isn't even in touch with modern communicationsyou're an asshole anon.
how they improve your productivity? office starts in half second instead of 4?
where can i download more ram
x-OS is superior to y-OS.
downloadmoreram.comthere you go :^)
>"Is that the new iPhone?"No dumbass it's a fucking HTC One this looks nothing like an iPhone.
Apple products are worth the extra money.
>The Internet is the future.
Different anon here. I run up to four windows virtual machines at a time for deployment reasons. You need an ssd for that to be responsive. It's not productive on a hard drive.
>install gentoo
>X is "objectively" better than Y>"literally" the superior option>why haven't you joined the 'X' master race anon?I can go on and on
get fucked tripjerk.
This, and it's at it's worst here./g/ somehow thinks opinion is gospel.
>implying that opening office approximately 4 times a day over the course of ten years in a career won't equal 25 DAYS saved by that 3.5 seconds
I don't know, I can't say I remember most of what my mother says.
>"Uriel wasn't right"
>Use MS-DOS to move files because I forgot porn on my usb pen root on the school>"DUUUUUUUDE CAN YOU TEACH ME HOW TO HACK!"
Eh, quoted by mistake.
"They should put some bluetooth in it"-some redneck faggot i overheard in an AT&T store when i was 13every so often i remember this and disgust and rage wash over me
Get an Android phone.
I use Dragon Naturally Speaking for long form transcription and I can't believe I ever lived without an SSD. It used to be every time I finished a sentence it would lock up for 2 to 5 seconds before it showed up onscreen, now it shows up instantly as the words are said.
>you can't notice FPS above 20
I was coding in the Linux terminal and the guys at Starbucks told me to stop hacking and slowing down their connection
You made me cry
chrome is better than firefox
The average human can only see 30FPS per eyeball.
thats 60fps total then
Basically I decided to post a status saying I was deleting my facebook and my two best friends called me an idiot. So I told them using it was like having poisoned food. Instead of just eating it and knowing it's bad for me, I've decided to switch to something that won't hurt me. He then called me stupid  and that if that's my reason I should stop using the internet all together, and now we don't talk. Some best friend, huh? Feelsgood without FB though.
How did you respond?
I've considered deleting mine too because I just don't feel compelled to post a summary of my personality and relationships online for all to see, but it's so useful for events and keeping up with people that went in different directions in life that I just can't get rid of it. I could always just use my gf's for looking things up but then there's still the issue of event invites and instant messaging that gives you access to nearly everyone.
C is the best programming language ever and is used because of its merits.
I'll tell you what, you never find out who are your real friends until you delete facebook. Everyone who wanted to chat to me suddenly got real quiet when I said they could reach me on another app that wasn't Facebook. Though since leaving I have been very productive, mentally and physically. I've started exercising and doing my favourite hobbies now that I have hours of free time. It's scary at first but in the end deleting it is the best thing you'll ever do.
it _is_ used because of its merits
>im going to turn off the internet if you dont stop playing those games
Thanks for contributing to the thread!
>"Desktop computers will be dead  in 10 years. Tablets will replace them all."That was about 5 years ago. I'm still not seeing the tablet takeover... Fucking retard.
>following the crazy freedom ideals of a foot gunk eating neckbeard makes me morally superior to you
Who in the actual fuck are you guys talking to?
the first two are obviously quoting someone,  don't be silly
The career guidance officer and business teacher back in my old school used to preach this all the time, and one of them even said that Intel would probably go out of business soon.
>not saying you'll only stop if you get a refill
The thread is about stupid shitYou can't contribute.
Theyre quotes you fucking idiotIn what fantasy land do you live in where greentext implies one is talking to another?
I opened up a web page source to see how the coder did something in CSS and someone yelled: "He's hacking!"
This. Everytime.
Fuck you, so is the third
>What is 4chan
>Sister is a primary school teacher>Told me recently how the mother of one of her students came into the class with a geiger counter>Woman asked if classroom had wifi>Started scanning the room for dangerous levels of radiationApparently this actually happened.
Well too be fair, they did it through some form of social engineering, which is technically hacking, but it's not what they meant.
lol, i do this
>in programming class >during break, play dcss through telnet>other students ask what I'm programming
>do an IT course>had to program a website>I know way more than just HTML and CSS>Stick to it anyway>do website during lunch break because coding relaxes me somehow>librarian approaches me>"Excuse me is what you're doing even legal?">Resist the urge to scream out loud, so I do it internally>"I'm doing IT homework"
>being this fucking newLurk forever.
My dad is a know it all and refuses to admit when he's wrong when it comes to technology >"Oh you're running linux? Well, that's why your system is so insecure."When my laptop was fucking up because of a damaged hard drive >"My Sprint 4g is faster than our home internet"Refering to the 55 down connection he pays for with his own money>"iPhones are dumb gimmick phones for kids!"He just bought the S6 Edge two weeks ago

Dude no one gives a fuck about your 4chins oldfag cred. Shut up.
Hey /g/!I'm back!Where the fuck did I go? Well long story short my step dad is an asshole so I reset the router and I had to wait till they went out of town. He put on parental controls and I had to go around it for almost a month now. Finally did it. Any how, I am back. I missed you /g/. I am home.What is DAW?DigitalAudio WorkstationITT We help each other with whatever program we use and or look for give advice to what needed.1. What DAW do you use?2. How long have you been using it?3. Have you used any others?4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?6. What genre are you best at?7. What genre is your favorite to do?8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?9. Got a link to your work?10. What is your name for most work?>why FL studio logo?Cause it's the most widely known DAW.
To answer another question:>How is a DAW thread on /g/ and not /mu/Because programs. That's the initial reason. Plus, do you really want to goto /mu/?
I use FL Studio 8
12 is around the corner. Have you looked at the features in 11?
/mu/tant here.Come on, where not that bad.Come for the music, stay for the memes
I... I want to believe anon...I do... But ya know, it's about as bad as /a/ but more hipster.
I've been using 8 for so long I don't think I'm ever going to switch. I know every single part of it like the back of my hand. Which I think is more important than having the latest software, because it is a musical instrument.
if it suits ya i suppose. I just like to get people into the new so they have more options.
Logic4lyfe
I use ableton and fl10Most of the music I do is what they call aggrotech/industrial if you aren't familiar with the genre YouTube bands like combichrist, wumpscut, velvet acid Christ. I was in a bunch of bands in the 90s now I just make music to make it basically I have no intention of wanting to get back in the music business its just an outlet for me.
For everyone who wants to start:https://rbt.asia/mu/thread/39367482#p39370429
some people may only be looking for a simple answer they can't figure out.  but still good point.
What point?I just shared a guide for whoever might be interested in starting out.
ah ok, I thought you were being an ass to my thread. Carry on.
/mu/ is horrible unless you fit to their pigeon-holed value of what is good music
Any good free online tutorials for music theory?
youtube has heaps. best to learn with an instrument in your hands though, I reckon. guitar or piano.or be a retard like me and do 9 years of violin.
Are there any good DAWs that are for classical music where I can arrange notes as if on an actual music  sheet?
not to my knowledge. There are a lot of orchestra VSTs you can get online for free. Or torrent.
>Ableton Live>about 3 years now>started on FL for 6 months then moved over>nexus 2, massive and sylenth1, fab filter pro> ^^^^^>probs house/electro house/big room>right now its drum and bass>practice practice practice>Neosystem for house music and Boss Mode for bass oriented musicbtw if you use FL studio your not a producer and babby tier bandwagoner
A lot of professionals use FL Studio man
>martin garrix>avicii>afrojack>professionalsyeah sure lol
>I don't like an easy use and organization>I like everything fucked up>I have no real clue how these work but okthey're making money and YOURE NOT. So again, please tell me whats up with music?
If they're not the best, then how come they make millions?
>FL>not the epitome of clutter and fucked up workflowhow can you deal with all those windows for everything?because they knew what to make at the right time. They got lucky.
They do you autist fuck.
>they knew>They got luckyStrategic skills and business acumen are valuable things, and coupled with top notch production skills make them the absolute best producersStay jelly with your garbage bleeps, while the big boys make real music
if it wasnt for animals martin would still be a nobody. Spinnin saw that as their chance and milked the fuck out of him.That being said i'm digging his latest stuff with chopped up vocals
Underage b& and v&
by closing what you don't need. no hes saying that IF they suck so much and no one likes them how do they make money anon? How do they get their flow? like you don't like 1 or 2 of their songs=============It doesn't matter what DAW you use, you could use the best damn thing ever and suck complete ass. Are you really going to tell me that you love Skrillex? Come on please tell me you love him.Seriously tho guys, chill yo tits, we don't need to be assholes to each other. 23I live with my mother and step dad. Step dad is a complete jerk off to me 90% of the timeBe happy you don't have these issues.
He wasn't a big name, but he was definitely rising.He made Set me free with Dillon Francis and kept making big-name collaborations before his Animals success His new stuff is basically off-brand Madeon.
The second and third post you quoted say the opposite of what you think they say. Read them again.
I currently use Ableton for my DAWTried a few over the years, Cubebase, Reason, Protools, renoise, Bitwig studio, Fruity Loops[spoiler] Reason is absolutely fucking shit [/spoiler]I've been using SynthMaster as my main virtual synth since it has a really intuitive interface and i can easily create and save synth patches,Also I'm deciding whether or not to dish out for Pianoteq since it sounds great but it's pretty expensiveAlso the smartest thing I have done for a while is putting all my audio samples on a NAS,This way I can /prod/ while being comfy in bed and also prevent missing samples in project filesPretty comfy, anyone have any questions about anything?
I'm too tired for this shit...I'll read them over and see if I can't make sense.
IKTFB20 here and live with Dad and Step Mother. Step mum pretty much manipulates my stupid Dad into her selfish ways. I've practically been told to leave anyway (She convinced him that "I need to move on") so I'll be gone next semester.Stay strong anon
Thing with my parents is that my mom always said she will pick me over him any day. She wont abandon her children. If my sister needed it (31) she would let her crash her. I have just shittier luck in the last couple of years and trying to get back on my own. I'm gonna be here by myself for a while week. No one but me. Dude, this feels weird...
NOBODY gives a shit>R9K
hey man that was between us man, we were having a moment. you shut your whore mouth anon.
>Mom Anonymous is being mean again
y-yeah don't you forget it! I'll tell on you!
Post your musichttps://soundcloud.com/misojosdekrystal/freestyle-with-lana-del-reys
>around the cornerFL12 was already released you stupid nigger
>Abletontop laylenjoy your ugly ass, fuzzy fonts
ah ok I did google just now. OK I haven't paid much attention lately. I'll snag it when I can. A friend of mine wants it for his mac. He's waiting on it to come to it and I said give it another 2 months.
Dude, are you high?You seem more retarded with every post you write
ive been up since like 7am yesterday, its 8:xxam here yeah, if my thread is still here later today, im come by again and try to make sense if i can.
Also for mac people:http://www.image-line.com/documents/news.php?entry_id=1378290309It's not out for all OS' of Mac so yeah. That's what I meant. Sorry. I'm shitty right now.
Any good free vst/au recommendations? Im really concious about installing pirates software.
Don't worry about the pirated shit, its all good nothing baf will happen, i've been doing it as long as I knew pirating was a thing.
>Any good free vst/au recommendations? Im a fucking pussy and I like to swallow cum.FTFY
Its not about morals or anything like that i just have a clean machine with software i bought and wouldnt like to infect it with pirated garbage.
you have a bigger chance of the FBI tracking you down for lack of tax bullshit or whatever before your computer shits out on you from pirated software.
Thanks for the information but im still not interested in pirated shit.
have fun buying everything and getting glitchie ass VSTs
I already have most of the stuff i need/want and enjoy regular updates and support. Im interested in some cool freeware gems thats all.
Alieno is pretty neat. Literally google "Free VTSs for FL" and youll see a bunch just go from there. If I were on my windows 8 machine and not this 8 year old shitter I would tell you what all I have but I'm going on bare minimum ;_;
ArdourJust starting, I use Linux.Fl, ableton, reaper, cubase and pro tools. Only reaper runs decently in wine.I prefer simple sounds and then using effects, so I like free vsts with developers that are just glad they're being used, like synth1 and zyn. Protip, if your simple synth doesn't sound "massive", route the same midi to another track, make another instance of the simple synth and then try to design a sound that compliments generally with a different adsr. Trust me, you can imitate a very convincing guitar or violin just by lots of layers of synth1.That being said, I used to love morphine and sytrus, but they're unfree and morphine doesn't seem to allow itself to be pirated on Linux, cracks aren't working.I don't like genre, but I have more fun in the note scoring phase than the production and applying instruments phase. A beautiful melody and then a workable countermelody feels better than spending hours on a single sound so my instruments sound like real instruments you've never heard before. That should give you an idea as to what my music sounds like, honestly it's just for me.To future artists?Production is done. Anyone whose done it for 5 years has been redpilled, all non synthesised instruments pretty much always have the same effects on them. Learning to create good synthesizer sounds takes a forever and the allure of modifying presets is just too great.My advice? stop caring so much about timbres and start thinking about melody, that makes a catchy song. or better yet, harmony. No amount of layering and octave doubling can substitute for a thoughtful, full, voice led harmony and music that's been written by someone who gets harmony sounds more "right". Too many musicians these days care too much about their tools, whether it be the brand of their guitar or what software they're using, and no where near enough on their composition skill and musicianship.Ask yourself, how much music theory do you actually know? How much do you use?
>No amount of layering and octave doubling can substitute for a thoughtful, full, voice led harmony and music that's been written by someone who gets harmony sounds more "right". Too many musicians these days care too much about their tools, whether it be the brand of their guitar or what software they're using, and no where near enough on their composition skill and musicianshiWell said.
I have been using Ableton for about 2 years but ever since discovering PureData I've been using that as a means to create the type of music I like.I also really want to get into Bitwig as well.
>PureData to create musicDo you have autism?
No, I like using it more than a normal DAW.
Ok that answers the question
>where>memes
/mu/ is full of nice people and actually one of the more group-like boards, where a lot of people actually handle each other with some notion of respect. That's all nice and stuff, but when you start thinking about the people it doesn't take long to realize that in the real world they are faggy hipsters you would detest by just seeing them. That's my opinion.
ITT: WOAT PHONES
Wow Of All Time?
white, overpriced, android, telephone
Windows On A Tablet?
> White overprice android telephone phones
> white obese asshole trap fag
Every Iphail and samshit gaylagxitives/ThreadPraiseduarte511
You seem upset.
YOU SEEM INSULTED
How does /g/ feel about Tek Syndicate, and what are some actually good tech youtube channels?
Wendell, that is all.
One word: manchild.
Pretty based.>Listens to metal>Advocates AMD>Has a beard10/10 would be friends with.
HE hates /g/. He also lurks here. He has a trap bf
Not that good imoI like Jupiter Broadcasting
I never feel as excited when I see that he's uploaded a new episode, it's like a kickback
What? The aspergers retards whos show looks like it was produced with the fucking computer to make toy story?
I don' t care about looks, they cover the tech news I care about.
Iulian207, the man is building and testing an EM drive
>Listens to metalsounds like a baby to me
>TekShills
i think you're cool, logan (and erryone on TS) but most more vids pls
MKBHD, my nigga speaks truth.
i fucking love ZeosPanteradude has the best audio, sim, home theatre and cooking videos on all of the youtube
I like their style (especially considering the others, I mean linus and co arent terrible but they arent for me), but it feels like something has changed over the last year.The content is still decent IMO but it doesnt feel quite the same to me idk
Logan is a paranoid alex jones clone with a beard ft. metalPistol is some tranny that no one really likes, but Logan probably wants to fuck, so we have to deal with her anywayQain is the edgy human embodiment of deus ex, but he actually knows what he is talking about and I like himWendell is a nice, well educated, bearded fat mountain man. I like Wendell.
>herFuck off
I stopped watching them around the time they started doing squarespace ads
obvious b8
Is there any youtube channel with no nvidia or intel shills?
That thing went to shit when Bryan Lunduke left.He was the dude who brought "action" to Linux Action Show.One of things I like on that site is that whenever "Linux is nowhere" argument appears, I respond with this: http://jupiterbroadcasting.com/laspicks/runs-linux.php
Too many 14 year-old style elitism from Logan. Wendell seems okay.
AMD Shill

They're actually quite a bad channel.Their reviews are some of the worst. They mostly run over the spec cheats of the product without a lot of depth or opinions.Logan and even Wendell at times talk out their ass a lot when discussing CS and AI topics. They also like to talk about politics without being really that knowledgeable.
Typical Tek fan.
nerdgasm
The tek forum is slowly turning into a left wing sjwI've noticed it over the last 1.5 years
I want to suck Pistol's cute dick.
Logan tries too hard, Wendlell is a obese tinfoil hat wearing virgin & Pistol is a trap.
lol facepalms xDDDAlso that fat fuck hides his face because he knows he's an ugly shit
I like Barnacles but his voice speed up/slow downsare irritating and his sex puns are 6th grade level.And I dont get how he has so much money yet uses three 36" 1080p TV's as his main screens

Wendell is pretty cool. He seems to have a solid understanding of what he's talking about, and I trust his opinion when I'm not informed enough to form an opinion of my own.Logan seems to be too extreme, and make uninformed judgments. I'm sure he's useful to the show, but I'd prefer more of just Wendell.For other channels, check out the Daily Tech News Show. Tom Merrit is alright, but it's his guests that I'm a fan of.Darren Kitchen (his channel is Hak5) is probably one of my favorite youtube personalities. I've been following him for.. maybe 8 years now? He has some of the coolest projects, ranging from security, radio, and more recently he's been into Quadcopters and that sort of thing. He's pretty well-rounded and always has interesting projects. My only complaint is that he released the Pineapple, and now a bunch of scriptkiddies think they're "hackers".If you're interested in locksport, check out Bosnianbill, he's got a great lockpicking channel, and he often has some pretty rare locks. It's not specifically tech related, but I'd argue that most of us are interested in puzzles, and locks are some of the best.
pretty much this
Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?I have some questions for you:1.) How many years have you been using it?2.) Which distribution do you use?3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:b) Text Editor:c) Terminal:d) Media/Video/Music:e) Browser:5.) Post a picture of your desktopThanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years2.) Which distribution do you use?arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?nope4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: bspwmb) Text Editor: leafpad/nanoc) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: mpv, xmms2/mpd+ncmpcppe) Browser: chromium, switching to pale moon
1.) How many years have you been using it?Used it as a desktop for a couple of months, temporarily on Windows at the moment. I've been playing with it for ~2 years.2.) Which distribution do you use?arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GO, Tibia4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: SDDM/Kwin (basically KDE)b) Text Editor: Kate/nanoc) Terminal: Konsoled) Media/Video/Music: mpve) Browser: Firefox with OpenSuse patches
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~2 years. I don't remember exactly.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I don't game often, but sometimes I play TF2 and some other indie shit on steam.>4.) What software do you use?a) i3wmb) Vimc) urxvtd) mpve) Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopI assume you mean the kind where you would shitpost in the desktop thread.
 (OP)1.) How many years have you been using it?1year/ switched from Ubuntu 3years2.) Which distribution do you use?Mint3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Killing floor4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: bspwmb) Text Editor: leafpad,nano,libreofficec) Terminal: terminal, LXterminald) Media/Video/Music: mpv, videos, vlc, bansheee) Browser: chromium, firefox
about 6arch (last 3 years)mostly emulated games in retroarchxfce/openboxgeanyxfce4-terminalmpviceweasel
>1.) How many years have you been using it?4 Years.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian on ServerUbuntu, Fedora and Arch on Desktop>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?KSP, Cities: Skylines, Elite Dangerous, CS, LOLBut overall I'm a casual.>4.) What software do you use?Thunderbird, Citrix>a) DM/WM:Gnome 3>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Bash, ZSH>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
>1.) How many years have you been using it?five years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yeah, more than half my steam list runs on Linux, most played currently is probably Risk of Rain. I like me some indie games. Also plenty of emulated stuff.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Unity/Compiz>b) Text Editor:Gedit>c) Terminal:Gnome Terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:MPV, gmusicbrowser>e) Browser:Firefox
missed that last item
Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?I have some questions for you:1.) How many years have you been using it?>Since 2004, I used windows and the xp to vista wasn't working for me so I decided to try out ubuntu 6.04 when I was 14. 2.) Which distribution do you use?>Currently I use Free BSD and ubuntu 14.04 lts3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?>I normally just play starcraft or minecraft, l4d2 is fun, but on average I like FF tactics emulated on my PSX software. 4.) What software do you use?>Geany, kdenlive, gimp, cubase, ardour, rose garden, photoshop (it runs), microsoft office (runs as well)... There is a long list but I'm not typing it. a) DM/WM:Xfceb) Text Editor:Mousepad or VIMc) Terminal:xtermd) Media/Video/Music:gmusicbrowsere) Browser:Midori5.) Post a picture of your desktopLooks like OS9, but modifyed, I often put on OS9 themes because I liked Apple in the 90s. If not I just use i3. Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?Around 10>2.) Which distribution do you use?Parabola GNU/Linux-libre>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Not really, I stopped after high school>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:XMonad>b) Text Editor:vim/spacemacs>c) Terminal:urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv/mpd+ncmpcpp>e) Browser:Icecat with pentadactyl>5.) Post a picture of your desktopIt's a fucking tiling WM, nothing to show. But I did one once for a Desktop thread just for laughs.
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 I guess, 4  including VMs>2.) Which distribution do you use?Antergos (arch with a GUI installer)>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GO>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Gnome>b) Text Editor:Neovim>c) Terminal:zsh in gnome-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:Spotify, torrents in mpv>e) Browser:Firefox nightlyVery practical
>1.about 5.>2.Debian testing. Probably gonna switch to arch soon.>3.Quite a lot. I play a few open source game, a few steam linux games, and a few games in wine.>4.a. LXDE, might switch to LXQT or something tiling soon.b. nanoc. lxterminal and bashd. mpve. chromium or DWB5. no
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~4 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian testing + pinned unstable and experimental packages>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?0ad, openra, Wesnoth, and Heroes of Might and Magic III on wine>4.) What software do you use?Mathematica, ipython notebook, gcc/g++, vim, dozens of cli utils>a) DM/WM:xmonad>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:xterm>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv>e) Browser:chromium
Whats this resolution? Or is it just a crop of a 4K monitor.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~4-5 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?currently arch>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?used to play mostly valve shit.. and warthunder, now I am "clean">4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:KDE 5>b) Text Editor:vim\kwrite>c) Terminal:konsole and yakuake>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv and deadbeef>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopclean?
Dual monitors. Portrait 1920x1200 on the left, and a landscape 1920x1080 on the right.Xorg's WID 0 is just one big screen which spans all monitors, which is why the "off-screen" parts are in the screenshot.
I use it as a full-time laptop OS, if that counts. Desktop is only used for the occasional game, everything else is done on laptop.>1.) How many years have you been using it?3>2.) Which distribution do you use?Funtoo>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?None on my laptop.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:sxiv + mpv>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
1.) How many years have you been using it?Since 20102.) Which distribution do you use?Fedora at the moment.3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I'm a console peasant4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: gnomeb) Text Editor: nano/geditc) Terminal: gnome-terminald) Media/Video/Music: mpv/mpd+sonatae) Browser: firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktopJust default gnome with couple of extensions.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?mint >3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Not often, I used to play Nexuiz quite a bit and go with keigo. Other than that I think the last time I played a game on windows was 7 months ago? >4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:cinnamon>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:have guake running in background all the time which I use for most thingsStandard provided terminal otherwisebash environment, can't be bothered with others>d) Media/Video/Music:vlc>e) Browser:chromium with everything dissabledfirefox for emails and stuff>5.) Post a picture of your desktopok
1)Dual-boot for 9 years, only OS for 5-ish years.2)Arch at home, openSUSE at work (with a similar setup otherwise)3)Causually. Kerbal Space Program, Xonotic and Unreal Tournament 4 are the ones I play the most currently. There's a bunch of others I play less, but still somewhat regularly.I also still need to get through the single-player campaigns of Hotline Miami 2 and Shadow Warrior.4)a) awesome, though if I had enough incentive I would switch to i3 or maybe bspwm.b) neovimc) st (running zsh)d) mpv, xmms2 (with again enough incentive I would switch to mpc), sxive) Firefox (Pentadactyl)5)No much to see...
3archyes, mostly dont starve, minecraft, etc.bspwmatom.iourxvt + zshmpv, mpd + ncmpcppchromium
The datamining is real.
>dataminingOh my GOD, they know what DE some random anon is using!
How to get that taskbar context menu on xfce?The one the upper left
It's still datamining.
3+arch, slack, debian, fedora. Depends on what purpose the machine hasCSGO and a bunch of random steam,gog gamesa) Gnome, xfce, awesomeb) gedit, vim, intelij based ideas, sublimec) Mate terminal (aka gnome terminal)d) totem, gnome musice) firefox
>1.) How many years have you been using it?6 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?no>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:awesome>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv, mpd+ncmpcpp>e) Browser:firefox
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_mining
1-less than 3 months2-linux mint3-minecraft, civilization 5 and cities skyline, which is enough for meI use the default programma for everyhing and chromium forma browsing the NETNo pic because i'm not proud of my ricing
>1.) How many years have you been using it?3 Years full-time. 7 partial.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Hopped around some distribution. Settled on jewbuntu because it just werks>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yes. Whatever's on steam.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Unity>b) Text Editor:Geany/nano>c) Terminal:gnome-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:vlc>e) Browser:chromium-browser>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
Ok, and?
nice
1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years2.) Which distribution do you use?arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?openarena4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:i3b) Text Editor:vim/neovimc) Terminal:terminator with fishd) Media/Video/Music:mpv/mpde) Browser:firefox
well calling this data mining would be like buying a chinese rocket firecracker, launch it from my roof and go around saying I'm into rocket science.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?7 (apparently), exclusively 2 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian stable, OpenBSD, Mint>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?xlincity>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:xfce, cinnamon>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:xfce4-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC, mplayer>e) Browser:firefox w/ vimperator
1.) How many years have you been using it?Linux since 2011, OpenBSD since 20132.) Which distribution do you use?OpenBSD3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Nope.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:Xfce or cwm depending on moodb) Text Editor:Emacs or mgc) Terminal:Xterm or Xfce Terminald) Media/Video/Music:mpv for video, mpd + ncmpcpp for musice) Browser:Chromium and Firefox
I run xubuntu, because I was done with Windows xp and watched microsoft turn to the bloat side with Vista.>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?7 or 8 years, since my dad stopped giving me Windows licenses lol.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Xubuntu.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Ck2, cs source, cod 4, Caesar 3, jazz jack rabbit, keen 4 to 6, snes shit, SIM city 3000>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Xfce obviously>b) Text Editor:Gedit, but I prefer working with ides and autocomplete.>c) Terminal:Just xterm>d) Media/Video/Music:Kodi, vlc and totem.>e) Browser:Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopCan't do that, mobile.Lastly, its more practical now than ever before, people are openly hating Windows and saying "where are the alternatives?"Now some real cons:The audio system was designed for all wms and dms, so it's dodgy as Fuck. It randomly muted and if I log off and log back on, the pulse sink itself will fail. Graphics in wine are an issue too, I can just barely get 25fps in cod 4. I used to have a Windows partition and games never ran that bad. Also, art programs have only just gotten to the point that they're competitive, ardour now opens Windows vsts on Linux and Jack is quicker than asio. For the first time ever I can connect a notescorer that's not sibelius to a daw, because musescore has had everything a composer truly needed since 1.2.
1.) How many years have you been using it?Full-time since 2012, dual booted lunix since more than 10 years2.) Which distribution do you use?Currently Lubuntu3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Steam games.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: awesomeb) Text Editor: gedit, but it sucksc) Terminal: xtermd) Media/Video/Music: SMplayer (Mplayer)e) Browser: Firefox
You should add a spacer to the right of the clock.
>yearsaround 6 months>distroarchfag>gamesnot really, have a windows pc for that>SoftwareDM/WMno dm, wm is openbox (lxde)Text EditorgeditTerminalurxvtMedia/Video/Musicmpv, mpd+ncmpcppbrowserfirefox
>think correctThanks apple
1.) How many years have you been using it?2.) Which distribution do you use?3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:b) Text Editor:c) Terminal:d) Media/Video/Music:e) Browser:5.) Post a picture of your desktop
1) 8 years (switched when windows vista fucked my laptop)2)arch3)i play dota sometimes4)a-awesomeb-vimc-urxvtd-mpv/ncmpcpp+mpde-firefox
Damn, I forgot my answers.1: 52: FreeBSD3: various games via Wine4:XfceMousepadxfce4-terminalShotwell/mpv/DeadbeefFirefox, sometimes Chromium (when my customization in Firefox breaks pages too much).
>1.) How many years have you been using it?5 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?On the host machine: emulators, any games that runs under WINE (mostly VNs).On my Windows VM with vga passthrough: anything that doesn't run on WINE>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:LightDM + Unity>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:gnome-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:mcomix, mpv, deadbeef>e) Browser:chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
qt ;3
>1.) How many years have you been using it?About 4>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu on laptop, Debian on servers/desktop>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Cities: skylines, civ v, some roguelikes>4.) What software do you use,Gcc, vim, latex, python>a) DM/WM:I3>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:Vlc>e) Browser:Chromium>5.) Post a picture of your desktop On mobile so no
master race reporting in>1.) How many years have you been using it?10>2.) Which distribution do you use?8.1>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?no>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:WDM>b) Text Editor:Notepad++>c) Terminal:cmd.exe>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktopNope
it's somewhat a pain because you can't set a numeric value
1.) How many years have you been using it?Five years. Got five boxes: four Linux, one windows.2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch, Fedora, Debian flavours. Arch on my main box, Raspbian on the Pi server.3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?No.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:dwm, considering bspwm.b) Text Editor:Vimc) Terminal:st with fish. Writing an impure infix functional language with macro support (vau-like) in Haskell. If it turns out well I'll replace fish with it.d) Media/Video/Music:mpv on samba. Spotify and what.CD with mpd, with my own wrappers. Media library in python to automate video downloads, transmission-daemon on the server with control either automated or via transmission-remote-cli.e) Browser:luakit, currently looking for something new.5.) Post a picture of your desktopIt's just vanilla dwm with 'clean' font, luakit similarly. Terminal overlay again similarly.
1.) How many years have you been using it?3 yrs2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?cs:go4.) What software do you use?libreoffice, latex, thunderbird/ icedovea) DM/WM: XFCE (thunar+catfish)b) Text Editor: notepad++, mousepadc) Terminal: terminal, bashd) Media/Video/Music: smplayer, gimp, rawtherapee, foobnixe) Browser: firefox and midori5.) Post a picture of your desktopnot possible at the moment.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years> 2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian unstable/sid> 3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GO/Counter Strike: Global Offensive> 4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: DWM/Dynamic Window Manager, secondary WM: Openboxb) Text Editor: vim.tinyc) Terminal: std) Media/Video/Music: cmus (music), mpv/mplayer (video)e) Browser: iceweasel> 5.) Post a picture of your desktop
more like unstable, ugly, NSArace
>1.) How many years have you been using it?6>2.) Which distribution do you use?*tips* OS>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?OpenTTC>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Xfce 4.12>b) Text Editor:nano>c) Terminal:Xfce>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv / Pragha>e) Browser:Midori
.) How many years have you been using it?  10 years2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Heroes of newerth very rarely4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Anyb) Text Editor: Leafpad/nanoc) Terminal: Xfce4-terminald) Media/Video/Music: Mpd/ncmpcppe) Browser: Firefox 385.) Post a picture of your desktop
I have one simple question and that is, why on Earth would you use an OS like Linux when you could simply pirate a copy of Win7 and not have to worry about the pain of making sure drivers and games are compatible, as well as software such as the Adobe Design Suite? Everyone that I have met that has used Linux have some sort of god/superiority complex because they use a hipster OS.
1.) How many years have you been using it?Since 2007, so 8 Years2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Xonotic and some Steam games.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: XFCEb) Text Editor: Vim ( If I'm too lazy, Mousepad )c) Terminal: xfce4-terminald) Media/Video/Music: mpv,0xDeadBeeFe) Browser: Firefox
>1.) How many years have you been using it?9 since I first used it at all7 as my main OS5 as my only OS>2.) Which distribution do you use?These days I use Ubuntu Server with XFCE desktop.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GOOpenTTDBorderlands: PresequelL4D2AoE II HD (using Wine)>4.) What software do you use?Too numerous to list here>a) DM/WM:LightDM, xfwm>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Bash>d) Media/Video/Music:Whatever / Whatever / Spotify>e) Browser:Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktopPic
>1.) How many years have you been using it?dont really know. Got started with linux in the Suse7 days, so according to wikipedia since about more than 10 years.But since I also had OSX as my main system for a while, and a few jobs where I had windows at work, I cant really give you a definite number.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Currently (and since about 4 years at least) fedora>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Occasionally. Stuff like Openttd, and classics via wine (Rollercoaster Tycoon, Half Life, Deus Ex, GTA vice city, etc.)>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:KDE all day erryday>b) Text Editor:Kate>c) Terminal:Konsole>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:Opera12, but its showing its ago. Currently fucking round with FF and Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktopNo.But its not riced anyways. Few files on the desktop, all UI hidden off screen, random pic from my pictures.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?1 year>2.) Which distribution do you use?arch>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?on my dual boot win 8.1 I do>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:sublime text>c) Terminal:termite>d) Media/Video/Music:video - bomimp3 - deadbeefpictures - gwenview>e) Browser:firefox
As for terminal emulator, I use xfce4-terminal or urxvt-256-unicode
1) 8 years2) Gentoo3) Cities: Skylines, Meinkrapht4)     a) MATE (for now)    b) vim    c) mate-terminal    d) mpv or baka-mplayer    e) google-chrome-stable
1.) How many years have you been using it?~32.) Which distribution do you use?Arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?not really, but old school platform games whenever I do4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: currently on KDE because it's the only thing that has proper vsync support :/b) Text Editor:I use emacs, and libreofficec) Terminal:konsoled) Media/Video/Music:for videos (rare) I just go with VLC or dragonplayer. But I get tearing with dragonplayer. For music I use cmus.e) Browser:Chromium
the hell is your cpu and ram usage so high for?
No desktop picture because I'm not replying from my home machine.> How many years have you been using it?~4 years> Which distribution do you use?Arch at the moment. Used Ubuntu for a long time.> Do you play any games?I play SC2 on my Windows machine (which I don't use much) sometimes, no games on the Linux machine.> DM/WM:dwm> Text Editor:acme> Terminal:urxvt> Media/Video/Music:cmus, mpv> Browser:Chromium
1.) 2 years2.) Arch3.) None4.) a) lightdm/bspwmb) Text Editor: vimc) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: vlce) Browser: Firefox
Just one year.Mint.I don't really play, but if I do, it's Pokémon games on Desmume/VBA-M or PS2 games on PCSX2. Alternatively, other games on other Nintendo emulators (Dolphin, Mupen, Snes9x).Cinnamon (Muffin, MDM).gedit.GNOME Terminal.mpv, Clementine.Firefox.
1. 13yr2. Debian3. No - only cs 1.64a. LXDE home KDE work b. any c. any d. mpv mpd + gmpc e. firefox
>could simply pirate a copy of Win7 and not have to worry about the pain of making sure drivers and games are compatible, as well as software such as the Adobe Design Suite?sort answer is: "some people may find more convenient to use linux", of course gaymers and graphic designers aren't part of this category. And I think you are overestimating the drivers issue. >Everyone that I have met that has used Linux have some sort of god/superiority complex because they use a hipster OS.You've met shit people, every (and I mean every) linux user I've met doesn't brag about his OS, except maybe a guy at my uni that always add the line "this presentation was made with free software" to the first slide of every presentation he make.
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?Going on about 5 years full time. >2.) Which distribution do you use?Currently using Ubuntu 14.04 LTS >3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Supertuxkart,  red eclipse, sauerbraten >4.) What software do you use? Libre office,  gimp, inkscape  banshee >a) DM/WM: unity >b) Text Editor: vim >c) Terminal: gnome terminal >d) Media/Video/Music: banshee and vlc>e) Browser: Firefox >5.) Post a picture of your desktop posting from phone atm. >Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~4 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux on desktopParabol GNU/Linux-libre on laptop>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I like gaming, but I want to be fully free, so I tend to avoid non-free games.>4.) What software do you use?DM/WM: i3Text Editor: vim and emacsTerminal: urxvtMedia/Video/Music: mpv, mpd + ncmpcppBrowser: Iceweasel>5.) Post a picture of your desktopPic related
> 1.) How many years have you been using it?since 2004> 2.) Which distribution do you use?Mainly gentoo, arch since last year on the laptop, fedora / suse / ubuntu on work computers at various times, occasionally debian.> 3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Old DOS games (SCUMM-VM!), CIV II, not much else.> 4.) What software do you use?KDEemacs for coding, (g)vim for quick edits, kwrite by accident and Kile for LatexKonsole with zshvarious, mostly mplayer for video and audacious for musicfirefox
year and a halfcurrently Ubuntuvarious VNs, emulated SEGA Genesis games, PSP games, I have a PS2 for everything else>MATE>Pluma, Nano, Vim>MATE Terminal, Xterm>Clementine, MPV, VLC>Firefox
1) Four years2) Linux Mint and Peppermint3) Yes, I play around thirty different games. Lately Men of War 2, Asscreed 4, Dota 2 and Civ 5.4) Openbox, nano, terminator, xbmc, Firefox5) Too lazy bitch.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?13 or so years.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Funtoo.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?DROD, maybe some old SNES games from time to time. Sometimes if I can be bothered I'll install Steam and play what few games I have on there.>4.) What software do you use?I mostly program for university, do occasional webdev as hobby, and otherwise shitpost on IRC, so my computer is typically pretty development-geared, which is why funtoo is a plus.>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:vim, though I'm switching to ne.>c) Terminal:xfce4-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:zathura/viewnior/mpv/cmus>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopoke
>13 or so years>i3 He asked for how long you've been using Linux, not how long you've been alive.
How's muh material design update coming along? Clover looks like shit on Lollipop. 💩
How about bug fixes first.
Which are needed right now? Seems like it jest werks on my devices, except looking like shit.
Because it is
Working on it
>just werks>Clicking on a board often glitches and sends you back to /g/ (or whatever your first board is)>images eventually fail to load requiring a force restartThat's actually all I can think of but there's some features that are needed as well.When opening board selection scroll the list to the current board.Allow threads to be saved locally.Again that's all I can think of. I know there's more of both but im drawing a blank.
Not him, but I can load just one captcha window per session.If I have to reply twice, I have to pin the thread, close the app completely, relaunch the app, reopen the thread from the pinned list and finally reply, because the captcha thingie comes up just the first time, from the second one it just keep loading forever.
BASED FLOENSASED
I don't have this issue on my devices.See https://github.com/Floens/Clover/issues/63
PRAISE DuARTe 511
Happens to me too. It's so annoying.
I couldnt care less about material design. Locally saving threads would be nice.
Ok, I'll try too reply the error and look at the logs.I have a very rare phone to be honest, so dunno how much it will help.
floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god floens is god
lookin' good
What happened with Chanobol? No update since god remembers when.Material design is smooth as butter and image previews are quick but it kinda stopped? Did /g/ scare the developer away again?
Floens if you could make Dashchan but with an embedded WebM player that'd be, you know, great.Dashchan > Clover, I'm afraid. All it's missing is that WebM support.
>That's actually all I can think of but there's some features that are needed as well.Archives support would be awesome, also maybe easier quoting when replying.
We are a team of space researchers of the KU Leuven university in Belgium who want to set up a Twitter Flashmob: A whole lot of people posting the exact same tweet at the exact same time. We would like to invite you to be a part of the Flashmob and tweet! For all we know, we might get a world record out of it!What to tweet:I support space research! Innovative companies, take a look at http://spacebillboard.com and #SupportSpaceResearch. #TwitterFlashmobWhen to tweet:Thursday June 4th, 4pm GMT (9am San Francisco, 12am New York, 5pm London, 6pm Brussels, 7pm Moskow, midnight Beijing, 2 am Sydney)Why this tweet? The goal is to support university space research. SpaceBillboard is a “corporate crowdfunding” project that lets companies send an image into space on board of a small satellite. The money the companies pay (typically from their advertising budget) goes entirely to space research. Because we have a limited marketing budget (all revenue goes to the research), we came up with the Twitter Flashmob. If we get enough tweets, the attention might spill over to other media as well.More tweets —> more visibility —> more companies —> more space research.We are curious to see how big this can get! If you plan to join, please tweet:“I’m in for the #TwitterFlashmob”Please join the Twitter Flashmob, tweet on Thursday June 4th and support space research!Kind regards,The SpaceBillboard team
Check my 5
B-but i don't have twitter opeeWhat do?
>getting this soon>not looking to overclock itis this a smart decision?
>top of the line gpu>smartPick one
GTX 980 Ti is launching this week or next week, wait and see first
I would wait for this as well, Its going to cheaper and most likely more powerful.
There's some article somewhere that proves that people who bought original Titan are still better off now than those who upgraded mid range cards several times since then.
no, its a gimped titan.6gb vram and less cuda coresconsidering nvidias confidence, i doubt the new amd flagship card is going to beat the titan either
Same can be said for most GPUs.No matter what you get, if you track the purchases, made or not.You're likely to be spending in excess of $600 just for another 10fps in the end.
ahh i was under the impression it was a newer architecture with faster clocks and whatnot, still though even with the gimp it's probably worth the like $400 price redution
Rumours are that the 980 Ti is only going to be $150 cheaper than the Titan X. That'd mean they wouldn't have to lower the price of the 980 or 970.
There won't be a new architecture till 2016. AMD's is also delayed, the 300 series are refreshes.It's pretty good time to buy GPU now, it will probably last a long time.
That is wrong, $849 is the price of the AMD HOUSEFIRESGTX 980 Ti will be $699 or $749
>the cheapest 980 in my country costs $620Why is sweden such a shithole?
What's the point in using two graphics cards in and SLI? Surely you would just get a single better one?
Adults with adult jorbs can afford two of the best.
It's often cheaper to buy a pair of slightly lesser cards and get significantly more power.
/spt/
Sometimes it is easier to have two trucks to move your stuff than it is to get one big truck.
false
A pair of 970s or 780 Ti's will outperform one T I T A N  XXX
you could buy one first and then add a second later
Reminder that SLI has to be supported by the game and it's not compatible with everything
Every new game nowadays will support SLI and if a game is old enough to not support it, you can probably run it fine on just one card.
What for? Adults don't play video games.
3D modelling and rendering?
Keep telling yourself that.
Really liked the part where you proved him wrong.
workstation cards are so much better for this>/mememusic/
Because I'm 4k and no single card can handle it.

Teach me about the ups and downs of>arch>crux>fedora>opensuse>gentooand why it makes a difference.
pay me. 10$/hour skype. that's less than minimum wage, don't be a jew.
ill do it for 8$/hr
whos the jew here nothin over 5$
minimum wage is barely enough to live off. Anything below minimum wage is the jew.
stop the jewism and answer the damn question. ill even tell you a secret
fuck u i'm your professor, u wanna hire me put up your shekles
Just use Linux Mint or Ubuntu.

Arch hardly test their shit so you have a 1 in 10 chance of ruining your install when you do a full update.gentoo is about 1 in 3 chance.Fedora is shit.I don't know the other two.
>archgood flexibility, transparent design, bleeding edge release cycle, optional build system + aur, hands on minimal install process.>cruxthe distro that inspired arch, and the bsd of the linux world. same  design philosophy but more maintinance. not sure if everyhting  bleeding edge but most software for crux is written in ports, similar to the aur's method. crux also still uses sysvinit. more difficult to install than arch but less difficult than gentoo.>fedorableeding edge as it's beta testing for redhat, fine distribution if you dont mind some bloat or rpm packaging but nothing significant here.>opensuseit has YAST. otherwise it's just another 'out-of-the-box' type distro similar to fedora>gentoosource based from the ground up, designed for optimization and minimalism. typically uses sysvinit as well but i believe you have the option.
neither crux nor gentoo use sysvinit. you are full of cancer & shit.
they're mostly the same and the differences are small
Bad distros for beginners:Gentoo because hard to set upArch is terrible hipster crapOpenSuSE has tons of packages you'll never need, as does every other distro that comes on a fucking DVDFedora was not stable last time I tried itUbuntu has Unity, terrible shit.Kubuntu and OpenSuse have KDE, which turned to shit since version 4eOS are trying to copy Apple and want money for almost nothing Arch:You have to manually edit config files for it to work because they were too lazy to write a script which would do it in 5 seconds what you have to do for 1 hourPacman, which is the package updater, is known for breaking packages when it updates stuff, often overwriting configuration files without asking. If you don't update your system constantly, the risk of something breaking becomes higherThe last time I checked they did not use signed packages, which means that anyone could manipulate them and you would not notice anythingThe worst of all is the user base, their forums are full with wannabe "hackers", they are the complete opposite of the helpful ubuntu forumsThe only good thing about them seems to be their wiki which can be useful if you want to use an obscure program on another distro
>Teach me about the ups and downs ofarchThe "arch way" is supposed to be some spiritual succession of slackware. "KISS" is what they claim, but that's hardly what they do.  While the package manager is one of the easiest to use, it's a bit shit. AUR is pretty nice because chances are, if you want it and it's not in the main repositories, it's on AUR.  At the same time, a lot of the packages don't get updated right, and you end up needing a different version of a library as a dependency than the one on your system, but next time you update the package that requires the first version it'll break or uninstall the AUR package, or you'll be forced to use an old version of whatever depends on the first lib/package/etc version to keep the AUR package.cruxThe true spiritual successor to slackware.  Basically, take slackware and give it decent package management so you're not forced to install 8GB of stuff at install time to avoid dependency hell.  Great distro.  I definitely recommend if you're not afraid to compile your own package sometimes and have decent hardware.fedoraGreat user friendly distribution that is the community-run side of Red Hat.  Amazing stability if you run regular fedora, decent stability and much newer packages on rawhide.  Can easily add third party repositories for extra software.  DELTA PACKAGES.  When you upgrade a package, instead of removing the old version, preserving your settings, then installing the new version... It instead just installs a much smaller package containing just the changes between versions.  System updates are faster, and you can enjoy an up to date system even on slow connection!  It does need to ditch YUM though if they haven't already.  It's an outdated PowerPC distro's package manager (Yellowdog Update Manager)
opensuseAlso very user friendly.  Has GUI options for pretty much every important system setting so it's very newbie friendly.gentooGreat distro if you want to better understand Linux itself.  Basically, it's like Linux From Scratch, but with 90% of the work already completed for you, with an extra bonus of a package manager.  Everything is built from source, but it's nowhere near as hard as people seem to think.  Unless you're doing a hardened gsntoo system, after you install the distro you basically just set your USE flags and use eselect to set your profiles.  You could use eselect to set a desktop environment and portage will do the rest, installing all relevant packages and deps.  This WILL take forever, BUT the packages are compiled specifically for your hardware configuration with the options you want, so everything is super stable while also being very fresh packages.
Look here you dumb sluts.Don't you ever say Apple is for fags and losers. Apple is legendary. We created and change what we call technology. My products are way better than the shit product you use. Google and Microsoft are for fags. Apple made the most legendary things ever.So just remember this. APPLE ISN'T FOR FAGS!!! GOT IT!!!!!!
apple is for fagsop's a fag
tim is such qt
>mfw I see dat ass
is this a bait?

do you need some more cuckbucks
Boring... Just lick some ass instead m8.
I'm so conflicted, on one hand OP is literally a fag but on the other Apple is a leg end.
effective. Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ冗
noapple is for fagsandroid is the way to go.
I just Uploaded thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaKkIVIygh0
Why don't you own the best smartphone in the market right now /g/? Zenfone 2 has the best specs compared to overpriced flagships.
specs don't make a phone.
The power button is on the top?  In the center?
stop shilling you faggot
How's the battery life and the camera?
>"best specs">still shit tier performancekekkedy kek
Writing this with my Zenfone2:The display brightness is horrible.  A much bigger problem than the baterry life.
>best smartphone>heard of it right now for the first time
>Zenfone 2There is a zenfone 5 so what is this?
Zenfone 2 is the 5.5" variant,  obviously.
Why don't you own the best smartphone ever made /g/?The Nokia N9 has the best user experience compared to any other phone.
>locked bootloader>non-removable battery>shitty OEM skin>weird button placementNope.
the only thing thats true in that list is the weird button placement...
>that awful button placementno thanks
Good luck removing the battery
>oh look this shill again
Shit camera
>muh big numbers
>snsvthis looks like a total marketing bait by the asusteck company.They promised a good product, but while the specs are far good enough, the quality is still questionable.They are trying to pass the buck quickly selling the high end model to the asian and american market for a much lower price that they should.
Because I like my G3
The same shill thread over and over
What does?
Chinese people
Enjoy Intel housefire.
Thanks for the kek
asus memefone 2
Nexus 5 is looking a bit shabby now, cracked my screen can't get it repaired, had the nexus 4 before, don't fancy the nexus 6 what do I do?
0146194
What do you need your useless 4 gigs of ram and intel for? To play your childish shitty games and watch HD porn simultaneously?
But I do
Because I chose budget shipping so someone's grandma is driving my zenfone to the east coast. Hopefully it won't be melted down into plastic scrap by the time it hits my front door.
I do own it.
But I already own the iPhone 6+.
Best specs in the world. Still can't beat the iphone, OPO, or the xperia z3
Nice meme.
I just realized the sennheiser momentum on ears are on sale for $70 on amazon is it worth it /g/? I'm currently using the meelectronics m6 and i really like them though i've always been a budget headphone buyer so I've never bought any headphones that were over like $30 so i'm not sure what to expect.
I got the V Moda M80s that went on sale for around 80-100 on amazon a few months ago. I heard the two were similar, and these headphones are amazing, well, they had a better sound from my ... Uh ... Beats mixr
I just looked the V Moda M80 is on sale for $80 for the shadow color which i assume is just black but are $70-80 headphones actually worth it? i always hear that after certain price points you get diminishing returns
bump
They were 200 when they released, and prices dropped when the XS version released (which is an improved m80). They're also pretty small so there's that.You could go higher in price and do further research if you fancy that. I'd call the price a steal since they were selling it for higher and people were satisfied with thatAlso /dht/
A pricedrop that steep probably means it's fake, or they severely cut back on the builds and parts quality. Wouldn't risk it.
I bought these a while back for 140 usd and had them for over a year. They are pretty solid for a small on ear headphone. Hope you like v-shaped sound though equalizer can fix that.
Thoughts on the ATH M50x? I can get them for 50$
They are like in ear monitors except in headphone form. Strong bass response, decent mids, and highs. Little to no sound stage. Outstanding build quality for price and plastic. Not the most comfortable over ear but not the worst either. 50 bucks for them are a steal.
Where in the world can you get M50Xs for $50...
Second hand, but almost mint
Get them lol.I paid $175 for my M50s way back in the day and I don't regret.
Btw, these are my current headphones (Sennheiser HD449), am I going a step further?These were great imo but after 2 years I can only hear from the left side
Not always.  Sometimes they're just on sale, sometimes it's because something newer and better came out or is about to and they're trying to liquidate stock of the obsolete model (hell, the LG G2 is still a great phone and it's $140 off contract)
If you'll be wearing them for extended periods I'd recommend getting some different pads, the default ones are pretty pathetic.
I got outbid and I'm surprised because I was the only bidder until the last minute.Any better recommendations than the M50x's?
I only have a pair of m50x, so I can't recommend anything else from experience but I'm getting a sennheiser HD 600 or 650 soon
I don't want to make a new thread just for this - after fixing my old crappy headphones for the 5th time I figured I'd get myself new ones.I found this image somewhere in my 4chan image folder. Is it still relevant?Superlux hd681 in particular look like a solid option, the problem is that after looking around, I've found different variations (681B, 681F, 681 PRO). Which one is the best?Thanks in advance.


Let's get a 410 girl thread going
April P

Hey /g/entoo users,I'd like to ask whether or not Gentoo is worth the time and the second PC I'd need so that I can install it.Give me facts and arguments to do it.
Gentoo is a meme. Install Arch.
>he fell for le ebin may may :^)
Arch is a meme. Install Gentoo.
Only if that second PC is an ancient thinkpad.
Gentoo is a Arch. Install Meme
Then reason why its good
First time linux users should install ubuntu.Arch makes you have to install everything from command line and gives you no ui at all unless you know how to install/cutomize one, gentoo makes you compile everything from source code. ubuntu works out of the box, and is a good distro to learn on, once you've learnt how linux works, then consider if arch or gentoo are your style. both arch and gentoo are memes.
I fucking crack up like an idiot at this pic. every. time.>Richardo Stallmanu>Big Fat Faggot is circled><---- What?It's the simple things in life you treasure.
I have an ubuntu laptop(12.04)
I've seen it a million times and only just _really_ looked at it; never notice Richardo Stallmanu before and I'm still laughing.
Upgrade to 14.04 LTS then.
Oh, then it that case, personally I'd skip gentoo unless you have some specific reason why you like to compile everything from source. the only reason I can think of is mah paranoia/illegal shit. If you're just after a new distro, give debian a go, or arch, since you should be fairly familiar with installing things from the command line.
>Giving up glorious 12.04I like it and I don't know if newer is always betterAlso I have lots of data and programmes on it and I don't know what happens to it when I upgrade.
Are there no advantages to muh completely personal Gentoo?
nothing, it's just like a windows upgrade. just type into the command line do-release-upgrade
Also, not really, I got Ubuntu when I rekt Windows XP*cringe warning*By deleting programme folders instead of deinstalling and watching porn without antivirus and usingn CCleaner without knowing what I do*cringe end*When I got Ubuntu I was like fuck dat shit and used it only for internet and simple stuff, most programmes over the Ubuntu store or how it's called or downloading, I only used terminal very fewly since I had no shit of an idea how it works.I had that laptop when I was little and I found it recently and used it a bit but I can't really do more than Sudo apt-get
Wut? Explain pls
to upgrade to 14.04open a command prompt, type:sudo do-release-upgradeit's just like upgrading from xp to 7 or whatever, all your files and programs stay intact.
meme is install. Gentoo Arch
I can't believe that works.I'm too /g/ noob
you're welcome
it just werks. but you can use gui too:http://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop/upgrade
Who waiting on 300 series here? http://wccftech.com/amd-radeon-r9-390x-hawaii-8-gb-gddr5-spotted-radeon-r9-380-tonga-r9-370-pitcairn-rebrands/
>Nothing but shitty rebrands
checking the catalog is hard
>2015>being full of shit
Is it on a new process node? No? Then it's a shitty rebrand.
I hope AMD finally gives up after this flop.
>Wanting a monopoly market
it's no use. those babbies will never even get why they even have to pay more once the monopoly is established.you're talking to brainless sheep.
got a 290 the other month, so not me
DON'T GIVE UP HOPE YOU SHITSZEN AND ARCTIC ISLANDS IN 2016/17, WHIP YOUR CHODEY BONERS OUT AND BLOW A FAT ELECTRIC LOAD OVER THOSE
Waiting mainly on the 380. If they managed to reduce the heat and power consumption I'll get it if not I'm just going to get an old card from eBay.
yeah get a nice old burnt out hawaii card from eBay lmaoCopped me a $250 (after $20 MIR and selling the DIRT Rally code for $20) r9 290x with one of the best aftermarket coolers, idles at 33 and runs full load @ 73. Enjoy your $399 8gb moderately overclocked rebranded r9 290x in 2 months.
I'm more than okay with waiting for Zen because my Phenom II is still alive and kicking, but I've got a much longer tenure with my GPU. I don't think I can wait till 2016 even if it is Q1.
Thanks nvidia for once again ruining the graphics card market
Planned on getting a new AMD card, but after this piss I'll probably just get a 980 Ti
>everything but the 390x is a fucking rebrand>390x is $850Jesus, being serious here, pretty spooked for amd
If the price is not competitive the price goes down. Even if that means they'll be running at a loss, just to keep their market share.Hardware is fairly objective (even if /g/ sometimes try to tell you otherwise) if their benchmarks don't justify the price people don't buy it.
>nvidia rebrands the same cards for several series>NVIDIA A BEST I LOVE YOU NVIDIA LET ME GOBBLE YOUR COCK>amd rebrands cards for one series>AMD IS DEAD RIP RIP RIP
Nobody ever said the 390x is $850 dollars that's the rumor price of the new fuji gpu with hbm
>Is this faggot for real?http://www.anandtech.com/show/6570/amds-annual-gpu-rebadge-radeon-hd-8000-series-for-oemshttp://www.anandtech.com/show/9241/amd-announces-oem-desktop-radeon-300-seriesThis doesn't even COUNT the HD8000 to Rx 200 rebrand,It has been rebranded 3 FUCKING TIMES
>he thinks 3 rebrands is any better than the unending rebranding of the nvidia 8800lmao
But the new top card is always a new arch and there's no point to do a total series refresh without 14nm nodez
>wanted to build a new PC in fucking January>970 will be great for m->3.5GB>980 way overpriced>"lol just wait bro, 300 series is coming!">waiting>waiting>waiting>"OK bro looks like the 300 series is coming....in June. Maybe August.">almost June>"Whoops all the 300 series is rebrands except the $850 flagship lol. The 980 ti is coming out but it's even more expensive than the 980.">suicide
Just buy the 970 you fuck. Or the R9 290X/290.
Who cares, AMD have no drivers anywayOwn more than one AMD card? Good luck ever using it in new releases.
So was Kepler kek. 600, 700 and 800 (OEM only) series.And so was Fermi; 400, 500, and some 600 series mobile GPUs.OH, but wait theres more, how many times did Tesla get rebranded:  8000 series, 9000 series, 200 series and the OEM only 300 series. Lel.
b-but muh directx 12 performance increase
>unironcally recommending 3.5gb or a driverless powerdraining housefire
Tesla is not a rebrand for 200 series200 series is different architecture, you know?GT200 is different from G80/G92GT215/216/218 supported DX10.1, again different from GF8/GF9 seriesYou don't even know wtf you're talking about
It's either that or suck it up and enjoy whatever you have now.
truly the worst of times
>supports a new memory type and has a superior memory controller>must be a rebrandNvidia users are fucking stupid
To be fair, though. Buying something expensive as fuck like a 980 isn't that unreasonable if you don't upgrade your graphics card often. I upgrade mine every 5-6 years and so far I've bought only GTX460/GTX960/HD5770 kind of performance. With a 600 dollar card, that's ~100 dollars a year.
New Hawaii's will be 10% faster than the old ones, how is that any difference in performance compared to GK210 > GM204
>expecting 6 years durability from a card of company that purposely cripples it's older cards
They can't cripple card performance. If the card does 100 FPS in 2015, it will do 100 FPS in 2021 in the same game.
It's already happening with Kepler.
>Is it on a new process node?So Maxwell is a rebrand too then?
>what is gameworksI thought it was solely to fuck over AMD users but it looks like they want you to upgrade that flagship every year.
Did you read what I said, though? A new game having poor performance with bells and whistles enabled using an old card is expected.They can't change the performance of the card, they can only make the games more demanding or differently optimized.
if these speculative rumors are true about the entire lineup being rebrands, then I'm going to stick with my 7870 tahitis until real change happens, I'm sick of them putting the same old architectures out and just slapping a new number on them, I know Nvidia does this too, but this is horseshit, this is why video card innovation died when the buyouts happened, now we're stuck with a shitty duopoly with nothing to show for except incremental improvements for a higher asking price, fuck this shit
Yet any GameWorks games that release a year later, where you would've been 80fps if it had no GameWorks, you're gonna have to put up with a shitty 50fps because Nvidia wont optimize for your older card because they expect you to shell out money every year for them.
Was until the 4gb and $800 price tag.Now I don't know what to spend my money on, don't want another cuck card so it's 980 or 980ti, both are pretty unappealing.Or just get 2 970 cucks and kill myself.
Yea, well don't buy gameworks games and maybe people will stop putting that shit into their games.
>those babbies will never even get why they even have to pay more once the monopoly is established.
>Even if that means they'll be running at a loss,By the looks of their last financial year I don't think they can afford to sell these at a loss. I'm pretty sure if zen and fiji flop, even moderately AMD is going under.Sad times ahead bois
People are fucking stupid though, you tell them "DON'T DO X FOR REASON X, HERE ARE ALL THE FACTS AND INFORMATION, DON'T DO IT!" but they go and do it anyway expecting something completely different despite all of the advice given before hand, look at all the people buying GTX 970s for fuck sake.
>look at all the people buying GTX 970s for fuck sake.I've seen people on multiple boards recommend buying the 970 because "it's still good even if it's not what they advertised)
Because that's true.
>implying normies read any of that shit
There is nothing wrong with the 970 performance, though. Even if nvidia are colossal dicks when it comes to false advertising.Saying "I don't want to buy nvidia product because they are evil dicks" is fine, but there is nothing really wrong with the card. It works.
That's not a good reason to keep buying them.You're literally telling them that it's OK to pull that shit
Every corporation engaged in anti-consumerism at some point. If you want to punish them all you'll end up buying nothing.
Who gives a fuck. Companies are supposed to do what's profitable, not necessarily what's moral.
But in this case you have a chance to make an actual difference. The 290X is better value for money. And by buying one you don't encourage Nvidia's anti consumer crap.
That's horsehitCompanies stop making money if you stop giving it to them.And making money is their main goal.In capitalism you vote with your money
>microstuttering intensifies
how is it better value if its performance is literally gimped in games shilled by nvidia?
Dunno about you mate, but I don't want a 290X.
Nvidia has like 70% dgpu market share at this point. So no, you won't make any difference.
How is it everyone else on /g/'s responsibility to stand up for the people who bought 970s?
im rocking a e8400, asus p5w dh and a gtx460any upgrayedd will not be 390 just because its the next thingif amd get it together then yes, 390, if not nvidia 980
>All these Nvidia shills>3.5GB>Gameworks faggotry>Crippling KeplerFuck them.
>Buying rebranded AMD HOUSEFIRES>any year
>buying reference cards>from anyone>any year
>buying video cards>any year
I don't like AMD's shit, but I also don't want nVIDIA to dick me even harder once they have no competition.
>any yearing>any year
>buying
>existing
>nvidia
At this point, desktop PCs are a dying market. Qualcomm and Samsung will still be around to compete with Nvidia in the mobile sector.
when will we finally get an alternative to nvidia and amd
fucking never
you already have, its call intel and its shit
Intel Iris Pro
Anyone who buys Nvidia is giving them even more of a reason to put gameworks into games. The more marketshare nvidia has, the more likely devs will shovel that shite into their games thinking that the majority will be pleased regardless of how it affects the minority.
So you'll always be playing 2015 games?
No, but I'm currently playing 2015 games with a 2010 card. Works alright. I do want to replace it, but performance is the third in importance for my reasons to do so.
Intel are fine for mobile devices at tablet sizes too.
Nvidia rebranded Tesla three times straight for their mainstream cards, not for their OEM cards like AMD
I decided to stop waiting and just get a 980 next Friday.
That's why you have to stick with the lesser of the two evils.Everything bad coming from AMD recently is down to bad long term business decisions which they've paid for with their wallet and are about to turn around, everything bad coming from Nvidia is down to sheer greed and monopolization.I know which company is more likely to jew me over, and it's certainly not AMD.
We'll see how Iris Pro 7200 (or whatever it's called) turns out. Intel has a lot of potential to do really cool stuff with their graphics, simply because it's integrated with cpu. Things nvidia and amd can't do without introducing proprietary gimmicks like nvlink.
Thing it's not an old card, and a much slower card in every aspect beats itA 960 beats a 780ti in Witcher 3, that's bullshit and everyone knows it
Some people have been waiting for 300 series for 5 months now. Fuckin idiots
>Nvidia>mobilekekAMD already did it, the APU's are working fineIntel has been trying into graphics since the late 90's, with the massive flop that was the i740, then Labarree that became a HPC coprocessor instead of a GPU, and finally did something acceptable starting with the second gen of HD graphics, and then made something slightly better but retardedly power hungry and expensive with Iris Pro
That's the 390x

Isn't wccf tech almost always at least partially wrong?
Hope you love paying 5x as much for your nvidia cards. Monopoly at its finest retard.
No it doesn't. I've seen Witcher 3 benchmarks and the 780Ti stomps the 960.
I think the 4gb 380x is going to be a good value
About hardware but what do you expect when following a bunch of shitty rumors we really wont know anything until computex or e3
>wccf techNot even oncehttps://vip.asus.com/forum/topic.aspx?board_id=9&model=R9000X-DC3-16GHB&SLanguage=en-us
>200 series is different architecture, you know?Geforce 260 was a rebrand of the Geforce 9800 which was a rebrand of the Geforce 8800. The OEM only Geforce 150 was also a 9800 rebrand.That's FOUR cards that all used the G92 chip; 3 of them being mainstream and one being OEM.
Thanks Nvidia, you're my greatest ally
>tfw waiting for the 300-series>tfw watching 200-series prices steadily rise over the last 3 monthsGetting nervous. When are they supposed to finally announce these fucking things?
series? no I'm waiting for the one and only actually new cardmight be too expensive for me though and there is no cut down version just shitty rebrandsI'm not paying TITAN prices
The 2xx is not a single chip.
that directed me to nothing, what was it supposed to be?
The same amount of evidence wccf tech has. They're taking the fact they don't hit an error page to mean the card exists.
>Geforce 260 was a rebrand of the Geforce 9800This is false.
got it, thanks for clarifying
He probably meant to say 970. The 960 shit stomps the 780 though lel
I gotta ask/wonder. From what little information we have on them thus far, is it looking like the 980ti or the 390x is going to be the card to go for?  I hope to build I new rig soonish, but I want a card that will last for a decent amount of time. Right now I'm thinking it would be the 980ti, I can't imagine 4gb of vram will be enough for 2016s biggest titles.
780 has slightly higher performance than 960 in TW3 if benchmarks are to be believed.
>rebrand a rebrand
>From what little information we have on them thus far, is it looking like the 980ti or the 390x is going to be the card to go for?390X.From what we know, the 980ti is a cut-down TitanX. From leaked benchmarks, the 390x already shits over the TitanX.Of course, nothing it final until both products are released. TitanX is due in a week or so, is it not?..While AMD are announcing the 300 series at some upcoming tech show or another, some time in the next month.
The initial release of the 390x is only 4gb though? Nobody knows when the larger versions will be out, the card can bench mark better than a titanx, but it's limited by the vram amount, right?
Hold off on both cards until a month after they're released.980ti is going to have 6GB apparently, but wait to make absolutely sure they don't pull the same shit they did with the 970. I wouldn't be surprised since it's a cutdown Titan X like the 970 is a cutdown 980.For the 390X/Whatever the fuck Fiji is going to be called, wait for general benchmarks since we know fuck all for certain with all the rumors.>The initial release of the 390x is only 4gb though?Rumors point towards that but I can't see why AMD would use 4GB for their flagship even with HBM. I still believe they're going to use a dual-link interposer because 4GB for the premier model doesn't make sense unless they've got a 8GB model around the corner.Unless they're not targeting 4K which wouldn't make any sense at all.
i have a 7870 and i'm not sure if i'll upgrade it. the hbm one might be buggy and will only have 4gb. man this fucking sucks
>The initial release of the 390x is only 4gb though?From "Leaked" "sources", aka, rumor mills.While HBM1 can only handle 1GB stacks, we have seen nothing to say that the 390X cannot have 8 stacks, thus 8GB of HBM.We really do not know yet.We might see some a special 390X version released specifically for VR environments, this may be a 390X refresh in 2016 with HBM2, or it could be the 8GB variant we seek to see.No one but AMD knows yet.While the 4GB does mean the card would struggle at 4K, it does not mean it is incapable, look at current generation cards, the 290X is capable of 4K, as is the 980. Hell, even the 970 can run 4K.We've yet to see how this new memory technology and GPU perform together outside of what could very well be fake benchmarks, but if the GPU is capable, then we could see something interesting.One analogy I seen here the other day, went a little like this.>You have 2 cars. And a number of passengers to move.>Car A can carry 8 at a time.>While Car B can only carry 4.>Car B can travel 50% faster though.>Both cars finish delivering the passengers at roughly the same timeIt's not exact or as well written with the ideas thrown in, but it gets the point across.
>amdhttp://www.guru3d.com/news-story/amd-radeon-r9-390r9-380r9-370-and-r9-360-series-rebrands.html
I thought the Fiji XT is a new card and it will be the 390xeverything below that tier will be rebrands
The 390x will have neither fiji nor hbmIt wasn't even worth the time I spent reading the rumors up til now
It would be a safe bet to say the 380 through to 360 are rebrands.The 380X could be what we know as the 290X, but with the DCC we see in the R9 285. This could give it a nice performance bump.390 and 390X are most likely the only new chips we will see. There is a rumor that some of the lower end stuff will also be new, like the 340.
why, because now all the rumors point to rebrands so you nvidiafags can have some ammunition for shit flinging contests?  fuck off
>It wasn't even worth the time I spent reading the rumors up til nowAMD needs to either keep their cards closer or fucking dispel these rampant rumors next time. The hype buildup always ends up in disappointment when left unchecked. This shit is only hurting them. Unless they actually do deliver.
AMD is marketing this poorly for sure. People are going to read these rebrand articles and just buy a new Nvidia card which releases products quickly and relatively transparent on the production line up>arbitrarily waiting for dates to unveilIf the product is fucking done, release the stats and specs, officially to remove any 3rd party shilling. Then show a physical demo of it once you get to your shitty video game show
>AMD is marketing this poorlyThey aren't even marketting it.Which is the problem.Though I can expect Lisa Su to get up on a stage, card in hand. Do a live demo, then when asked about the rumors by someone in the audience, just turn and say>Grow up. Only children listen to, even believe rumors.
thisIt'll have DX12 support, lower temps, lower power usage, and slightly more power. I've just finished my build and still don't have a GPU in it and I've been using Intel 4600 to play some CS:GO and USFIV. I'm hoping the 380X will be solid card so I can get it for Bamham
yeah, but what arch?  full Tonga?
your 380 is the r9 285...
So today we all learned that all GPUs made with the same process are rebrands. That means GM200 is a rebrand of GM204, which is a rebrand of GK204, which is a rebrand of Tahiti, which is a rebrand of Hawaii, all of which are rebrands of the new Fiji.
All we see is more and more expensive flagship cards while the mid range cards are just rebrands or at least so gimped that they can't even beat their predecessors.
to be fair, 1000$ cards have been out for a while now, but it is heading in that direction
you mean is it a different architechture. You could have the exact architecture shrunk and scaled down to a smaller node which would reduce power consumption and improve efficiency.A lot of the architecture is often reused and more logical blocks are added such that you make use of that extra space you've got on the die when you go to a smaller node.Why reinvent the wheel every time.
The 200 series was not a different architecture, you retard. It was still based on Tesla, the exact same architecture used since the 8800 series. They just made new larger chips based on that same architecture, just like AMD did by introducing Hawaii on the R9 200 series."GF" was Fermi, "GK" was Kepler and "GM" is Maxwell. What the hell do you think the "T" in "GT" means, you idiot?
Anyone got a price estimate range for this line through the old crystal ball? backed by past purchase history of course.
>AMD is marketing this poorly for sureThey did absolutely no marketing on this. The stupid websites are just speculating
Is AMD winning yet?
I'm surprised that the Titan X wasn't more expensive than the Titan Z but "only" 1000 like the original.
>AMD is marketing this poorly for sure.They have literally said nothing about the r9 3xx series
>They have literally said nothing about the r9 3xx seriesThey said some stuff during their Financial Analyst Day.Mostly about HBM and Mantle, Dx12, Vulkan etc.
they did say they would have new graphics products this year
Just to be clear, they didn't even mention the 300 series. For all we know their non-OEM cards could be the 400 series.It's fucking retarded how news outlets are making clickbait articles.
because as mentioned earlier, its all clickbait, AMD has been very tight lipped about the new products, everyone thinks this Asus product lineup is some major leak when all they are are product numbers, no other information given
No marketing is the problem.
Planning on getting two Fiji XT cards and putting them on water pending performance results.  Expecting my loop to raise like 10 degrees.
they fired their marketinf department to save money, you think they're gonna spend more money hiring a firm to hype up products that aren't even out yet when they're already strapped for cash?
Well they have said a few things, but most of the shit you see in this thread is rumors. Could be true, could be not true. What we know can be found in this slide. And if Q2 ends on june 21 the card will have to be released by then.
>not trueuntrue is the word I was thinking of :^)
>differentiatedthe fucks that supposed to mean?  are they differentiatrd from the previous models?  if so how?  is it just the model number but they use the same arches as last year?  WTF?!?!?!
No clue Computex is only a week away and that's when some think AMD will release more information.
I bought a [spoiler]960[/spoiler], might step up to a ti. I'm most likely going to get a 390/390X the next upgrade cycle however, unless HBM turns out to be a complete flop.
well I'm sorry but that's completely unacceptable, your answer is unacceptable sir!
why are people throwing around HBM so much when it's only on a single turbo-enthusiast tier card?anyway i wanted to get a 390 but i'll probably just wait for pascalDo we know anything about when pascal will launch? besides "2016"should have got a 280x, trumps the 960 all day any day. and i'm an nvidia guyanyway by the time you NEED to upgrade from the 960 pascal will probably be out, and it's supposedly going to have gen 2 HBM
would be nice if the gooks got their shit together and released info on the Samsung UE850 Literally like 4 months behind schedule
pascal = 2nd half of 2016
>Do we know anything about when pascal will launch? besides "2016"Q2 2016 I think I read somewhere.But Pascal being fabbed with TSMC, I think we can expect several delays.
Depends if you are happy waiting more than a year for this.
I usually try to hold out as much as possible without sacrificing too much before upgrading Video Cards.Went from a single X1950, to Xfire X1950s, then a 4870x2 and now a 7970.Ill try to keep the 7970 going as long as possible, unless 4k Monitors come down by a lot in the near future.
Really hope it's Q2 2016, would probably be the perfect time to upgrade
980 should drop in price. get dat. or the 290x. calm down guy
get another to crossfire, I have 2 7870 Mysts and they scream 2-7970s would be better
>being fabbed with TSMCWhy don't they go with superior samsung/glofo?
should I just add another 290 to my rig or sell the current card and buy a 390x when it comes out? I'd have to spend 550 more even after selling the card but would the lower heat and better driver support be worth it?
I got a 7950 and it's still going strong.7000 series is fucking awesome.Buddy of mine with a 7870 is still going fine too, granted he often needs to turn down or off AA and post effects, but that's to be expected to be fair. That was sometimes the case even when the card was newly released.
My psu is too shitty to handle the 280x, and I probably wouldn't notice a huge difference on 1050p. And who knows, the 390X might actually be relatively cheap by the time Pascal comes out because nvidia sure as hell can't into competitive pricing.
It will be Q3 minimal, anyone saying otherwise is way too optimistic. Even TMSC knows how shitty their 16nm ff+ production is going.
>My psu is too shitty to handle the 280xWhat psu? If you think it can handle a 960, it can probably handle a 280x tbh.
why the fug are they using tmsc
No idea.No doubt some business deals going on.I honestly feel sorry for nVidia.AMD were late to so many product releases because of TSMC fucking up.
A CX430, the 960 barely squeezes in there. Gonna go with a Seasonic 550 or 620 next cycle.
since the rumor that the fiji chips will introduce a category of their own is starting to make some sense, what do you guys that amd will it?given their track record, I'm pretty sure they'll go with somethng like Zeus (titan - chronos killer) -- well olympus is already taken and I doubt they'd go with God.Place your bets on w/e idiotic name it'll be given.
*what do you guys think that amd will name it
Anyone got proof that the R9 300 consumer series will be rebrands?>NB4 someone posting R9 300 OEM series.
>Anyone got proof that the R9 300 consumer series will be rebrands?No. Because there is none. It's all speculation so far.The most likely scenario is this ()
it can easily handle a 280x...
You should add that the car with 4 passenger uses more or less the same power as the 8 passenger one for both trips.
I don't hate AMD because it's cheaper, but if they don't stop with all the re-rebrand and the OC, AMD will need water cooling system in all the series...my tri-x will not go higher...
Why does Sapphire advertise it as requiring 750w? Seemed more than a bit overstated to me but I doubt a 430w is going to fall into a safe margin there.
14nm should allow for more oc :^)
Because noname brand psus that can't even handle half their specified wattage. If you don't have a super power hunger cpu, you can  handle a 280x. Just add the TDP of your GPU and GPU(s) together and add about 30W to get the absolute maximal power you will ever draw. If your psu isn't shit and it has more wattage, its fine.
Well it wasn't the dealbreaker tbh, but I guess I'll keep that in mind for the 300 series.
I wouldn't run a 280X on a CX430. Specially if it's one of the older revisions. That's a group regulated PSU and the 280X is massively power hungry. You're really playing with fire if you try to run a 280X on a 430W bottom of the barrel PSU.
>HD7970 OC = HD7950 moded bios = HD7970 GHz Edition = R9 280X = R9 380X
380x will be Tonga.
>R9 380X = R9 280XI seriously hope this doesn't happen, maybe if they sell it at $150 it could be acceptable, but fucking hell, I don't think they'd do that, no fucking way.It better fucking be, I'd like a 15% faster R9 285 with an extra 2GB of vram.
>http://wccftech.com/amd-radeon-r9-390x-hawaii-8-gb-gddr5-spotted-radeon-r9-380-tonga-r9-370-pitcairn-rebrands/The best comment>Rebrands suck indeed, because we gamers want new stuff. But let's be honest, was it really necessary to develop completely new GPUs from AMD's point of view? To compete against what? Maxwell? LOL It's one of the post pathetic new gens I remember.>The GTX 780ti was about 5-10% faster than 290X untill the 900 series has been released. Now Kepler is almost no competition anymore and the GTX980 is only 10-15% faster than 290X. That's current gen vs. last gen. No sane person would upgrade from a 290 or 780 for such a ridiculous performance gain. So what do you guys actually expect? A new 20-30% faster AMD GPU placed against the 980? And another one vs. Titan X?>What about the rest of Maxwell? The gimped feature card 970 not being faster than 290X. Nv has actually no counterpart against the 290. It's much cheaper than a 970 offering only 5% less performance but real 4GB lol>The GTX960? A true Nvidia peasant card. A $269 Tonga XT 4GB could become a real bestseller, it will clearly outperform the GTX960 and $200-250 is what most gamers pay for a graphics card. Fanboys should finally realize that Nvidia has NOTHING to offer between $200-350, this is ridiculous. I guess Nvidia will release a super gimped GM204 to compete with Tonga XT, a true 3GB 224bit GM204 garbage that they couldn't use for GTX970/980.>And then we should not forget that real DX12 engines are not there yet. As we see GCN is a future-proof GPU design, I believe that GCN will benefit from DX12 more than Maxwell. Asynchronous compute engines (2011 Tahiti already had 2 ACEs) will finally become important and who knows, maybe a 290X will perform like a 980 then. Anyway it looks like AMD needs only 1 GPU to compete against 2 Nvidia gens ;D
Can any  card that costs less than $300 run witcher 3 on high/ultra @ 1080p? I was gonna get a 970 but I might just hold out with a medium power card with a new generation around the corner
>Nv has actually no counterpart against the 290. It's much cheaper than a 970 offeringCrockshit lol
I keep saying it, and that retard keeps bringing up the mobile chip, but a full Tonga with 4GB VRAM would be worthy to upgrade to

MAXWELL CONFIRMED FOR KEPLER REBRAND
390x is HBM memory.
buy the 970 and go away
>AMD Radeon R9 390X Hawaii With 8 GB GDDR5 Spotted>8 GB GDDR5
tfw own a 7970 and want to upgrade and never sure if it's worth it
>believe clickbait speculation
http://www.guru3d.com/news-story/amd-radeon-r9-390r9-380r9-370-and-r9-360-series-rebrands.html
Can someone explain to me Memory Interface Width? the 970 is 256 bit and the AMD is higher, what is up with that, I'm guessing it helps with textures and aa?
Well its true. 290x have more or less performance to the GTX970 for years old card except it uses more power but having 500MB more RAM.280x can compete with GTX960.The only thing AMD can't compete is the GTX980.
>still linking clickbait speculation
It helps with memory bandwidth. It has no implications on real world performance when comparing two vastly different architectures.Eg Amd and nvidia.
Everyone but gay hipsters is waiting for the glorious open source loving AMD overloads, my anus quivers in anticipation as I ready myself to take cock in order to afford the most glorious graphics cards yet conceived by mind of man.
Yeah its rumored to be full Tonga with Dx12 tier 3 support and a bunch of other things.
>/g/
what is the r9 295x2?
wccftech is late to the party. This was confirmed by Sweclockers a week ago.390x is a 290x with 8gb memory and a 1ghz overclock on said memory.http://www.sweclockers.com/nyhet/20505-amd-radeon-hawaii-overklockas-far-8-gb-gddr5-och-uppgar-i-300-serienFiji will be a card that doesn't follow the traditional naming scheme and will be a Titan X competitor. http://www.sweclockers.com/nyhet/20510-amd-radeon-fiji-blir-haloprodukt-for-lyxlirare-och-entusiaster
It's a 280x so no.

>mfw all the poorfags in this thread complaining about the fastest single GPU card being too expensive
can they somehow magically upgrade the 390X(290X) GCN to 1.2 so that the tessellation performance will increase as we seen in R9 285?
its dual card so.>nvidia user mocking amd because their higher power consumption>using 1000w PSU to power up their nvidia cardso much for my efficiency.
Having a  1000W power source doesn't mean your computer users 1000W all the time, you uneducated underage retard. I have a 1300W EVGA PSU that used to power 4 980 cards and now I have 2 watercooled and overclocked Titans and my peak power usage is 400W. So stop talking out of your anus.
Titan X, I mean.
what i am saying is why do you nvidiots buying 1000w psu just to power up 400w system while praising that your graphic card is power efficient!
I'm using R9 290 with 550w PSU and it just work fine.
Well, on 4 cards the power use was 1100 and I had an extra radiator and pump.
Also, stay mad and call people idiots because you suck at life and can't afford what they can.
It because this is what always happen at hardware recommendation Q&A, those "hardware guru" always suggest PSU that have too much power to power up the system.Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
Stupid question but how do I see whether the card has a reference cooler or not? I'm in Denmark and prices differ a shitload on the 290x here, this is the cheapest one by far - is it shit?http://cdon.dk/hjemme-elektronik/asus/asus-radeon-r9-290x-4gb-directcu-ii-hdmi-displayport-2xdvi-p33295602
It's better to have extra power than to have barely enough and run your PSU at overload all the time and risk your PC shutting down randomly when you have too much stuff active or a power spike. Also, PSUs are most efficient at around 50% usage. I'm an electrical engineer, you can't argue with me on this.
>To compete against what? Maxwell? LOL It's one of the post pathetic new gens I remember.He isn't wrong. Maxwell is the most overrated, shilled to hell and back again, GPU architectures ever. The 970 isn't even faster than the 780ti lol.
It is now that Nvidia have crippled Kepler cards at a driver level. :^)
The 7970 does not equal a 7950The 7950 has less Shaders and TMU's
>Also, PSUs are most efficient at around 50% usage. This is also the same answer i got. But i think you also know that even if it using more than 50% of its power, it still only 1~5% in efficiency difference. I mean come on, its already 2015 and PSU are now efficient than before.
Yes but the two share the same die. Shaders and TMUs were disabled in BIOS. You can (usually) unlock them and get a budget 7970.
I'm actually using a 7970Ghz, and I was referring to people complaining that the 390X will be expensive and not the Titan X. If the 390X truly beats the Titan X and is watercooled, I'll jump on it asap. I've only had gotten of experience with amd
Good, not gotten of. Fuck I need to go to bed
>the 960 is faster than the 780 in The Shitter 3why won't Nvidia just die ;_;
>why won't Nvidia just dieDon't kid yourself, AMD would do the same shit if they could get away with it.Just because they're the good guys NOW doesn't mean they will be later. You'd do well to remember that.
>I'm an electrical engineer, you can't argue with me on this.btw, i hate people like you. Just because you are hardware gurus, reviewer, rich, famous or have high-end build.. my idea and suggestion are always turned down or not even heard just because I'm nobody.
True. But even when was losing out to ATI, Nvidia was still screwing their customers about.
Just release that fucking 285 with 4GB at a price point good enough to compete against the 960 and it will be set.
Holy fuck thisAn improved 285 would be so good right now
No, your ideas and suggestions have been turned down because my 17 years of education in EE trumps whatever you read from fucking tech blogs. I do this shit for a living. Google Dunning Kruger effect.
It's supposedly going to be the 380(x), only the price point remains a mistery. More than 250€/$ and it will be another flop.
i don't think its not that hard to read reviews etc.then please answer my question  .
>mfw there will be idiots that will buy the totally overpriced R390(X) even though it is barely any better than a 290X >mfw the R300 series will consume even more power because they simply overclocked the shit, chipsetwise and ramAMD shills will be happy, ahahaha
>confirmed by Sweclockers>r9 390X>512-bitwrong>8 GBwrong>GDDR5 wrong>384GB/swrongThose swecucks haven't confirmed shit
Too bad 100% load on CPU and GPU isn't a realistic scenario in normal use. Kind of shits all over your muh 50% theory.
>4GB HBM, struggle with 4k resolutionNo. HBM > GDDR5.Bandwidth difference is huge, and as such, 4GB HBM will handle it fine.
False, only a very limited amount of reference cards could do that.
There is no question there...
This has been one of the worst years. Returned my 970 and the market is complete shit.
if you were really a hardware engineer you'd know that the system never draws max power unless subjected to a power virus. Even in a game, the system only uses about 1/2 of the max power and that would correspond to the best case efficiency.
literally describes my situation
980 Ti or Fiji
So whats wrong with getting the 8gb version of the 290x?
nothing, its cheaper than the 980 and performs better at 4k
>Arctic Island>Arcticlel
Ok champ, where are your sources?
Not him, but where are yours?A clickbait article that cites nothing more than "rumours"?
http://videocardz.com/55659/leaked-driver-confirms-hawaii-rebrands-in-radeon-300-seriesEverything points to it being the case. ASUS is reusing the same coolers and everything.
>risk your PC shutting down randomly when you have too much stuff activeWhat would you have that wouldn't be active at any given time that could cause a substantial rise in power usage when "activated" ?
His mom also Cuck, is the new meme word...
I just bought two Sapphire Radeon R9 290X 8GB.How big of a mistake was this on a scale of 1 to Macintosh?
how big is your psu? also RIP anon's electric bill
personally I would have waited for a DX12 card at this stage
Silversone 1kw 80%+I had to go check the order history because I bought it in 2010, it's been in four builds and still goin' fine.
Why do you care if its a rebrand?? If The chip performs better than before, thats what it counts.
Why crossfireWhy do you retards even bother with that crapSame goes for SLI
Scaling issues aren't as common as you'd think these days, and the two of these should last for several years performance wise. Since it'll be a bit before a single card can outperform two of them with proper scaling.
not much of a mistake if you could comfortably afford them
Do you think that renaming it somehow magically improves performance? What the fuck
Using the GPU chip with diferentes components is a thing, using The same fucking 5 yo board with a diferentes casing is another thing

People can't hear me when I call them on my LG G2. It actually doesn't always happen, since I've had some calls that went fine. There must be some fucked software issue. I've been told to untick 'ok google', but my phone had it unticked by default.The 'enhance voice' option appears to do nothing.Using kitkat. Haven't figured out how to update to lollipop yet. Phone is unrooted, but I did activate developer mode, anticipating that I might one day root it.Help?
bump
>using a korean meme phone>expects to make phone callssorry you done fucked up
Was I wrong to assume that a critically acclaimed phone would be able to actually work as a phone?
>critically aclaimedby /g/.you know, the people who critically aclaim Linux and android.
I've had to toggle the speakerphone on and off to fix this before.
interesting, will try. Many thanks>by /g/.by most phone review sites
If toggling doesn't work, try using an app called sound control. There's a few settings in there that may help.
I've had the same issue for a while, voice enhancement was part of the problem but removing it didn't solve it entirely. I've read it might be related to noise cancellation, and using loudspeaker mode removes the issue as it makes the device switch microphones. Also tried blowing compressed air at the mic, apparently it can get clogged and cause that problem at times. Nothing completely solved it yet though.
How fucking sad.
Thank you for your money wage monkey, il be sure to spend it wisely and by wisely i mean dakimuras and a new iphone:^)
I am an observer, you plebeian
Thank you for not being able to associate with me.
Your welcome, now hurry back to work papa needs a new toy
>get in education>quit because i dont feel these academics can give me practical knowledge>get in training>quit because i dont feel these hacks are any good at what they train>get back in education>get in employment because i cant afford to live>quit education because i already have a job that pays enough>now a year later, contemplating quitting job because life doesnt feel good working fulltimeMen arent meant to live like this.
That's the world for you.Welcome to the modern times.
You don't really sound like a "man".
>realize you're a neet>not doing everything humanely possible to escape and start building a fortune>not running your own business>not harassing hr and recruitment staff and giving them the "I'm just a poor grad in the experience vicious circle"To me, its career in what I'm actually good at or bust. I don't give a Fuck anymore, I'm going to make it even if I have to carve up a slice of the capitalist pie myself.On that note, anyone willing to pay me to code?
>On that note, anyone willing to pay me to code?Post your linkedin, github, personal website with your own projects, your programmer blog in which you share solutions to problems you've encountered and the name of your stack overflow account.
https://youtu.be/JCUFs2qJ1bs
>tfw taking my time going to uni off scholarship moneyI could have graduated 2 years ago but I'm still taking it easy. Thank you wage slave EETs.
Same here, life is good
effective. Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ冗
Nice meme
But you know what I am doing?

Why do people say that the M8's camera is bad and purple?It isn't stellar but it's not terrible, and I don't see purple.Pic very related.

Can you critize something without being a shill?
Depends.Can you critize something without shilling another thing OP?
As long as there are alternatives you'd always be shilling something.
what is the fastest way to download music of from youtube? just the mp3
There are no mp3s on youtube.
clipconverter.cc
>ripping music from jewtubekill urself my man
Download the web bum versions, for some reason those download faster even on my android phone
youtube-dl as always
youtube-dlI've made my own Python script that gives me the choice to download videos as mp4s and mp3s all while using this. It's simple as fuck.
and use the android youtube downloader not on the play store, it even has eff eff empeg (whatever that shits called)Pic related is webm speed, I usually get 300-400 KB/s and audio is even higher quality than mp3.
fucking this, OP you better not be an iphone fag.
MP3 fiber is breddy gud. Fast, no addon shit or Java, also has 320kbps
Hi /g/, a friend and myself have to do an oral presentation for our English lesson. It needs to be a dialog about technology. What are your suggestions ?
Do your own homework and you might actually learn something.
>you should be able to solve this.jpg
Software freedom.Also reported for underage.
Teach them how to install gentoo.
Make it about 4chan. Fail the subject, then an hero.
The importance of Privacy and how open-source / freedo-respecting software helps to combat NSA, Google, etc.
stallman eating something from his food.
MODS MODS MODS
69*2E=MC^2Basic as shit maths and slightly less basic physics>why?obvious underage
> Do my homework for me
Pretend you're calling customer support in india, your friend can play the annoying guy on the other line who is only interested in hearing that he answered your questions in a correct and timely fashion instead of actually helping.
10 meg pipes and how to tell if a computer is 12 cores or 16 cores from just looking at the case.
Dragon dildosTechnology related and oral.
>But inside the spacecraft's Linux-based flight software, a problem was brewing. Every 15 seconds, LightSail transmits a telemetry beacon packet. The software controlling the main system board writes corresponding information to a file called beacon.csv. As more beacons are transmitted, the file grows in size. When it reaches 32 megabytes—roughly the size of ten compressed music files—it can crash the flight system.Linux-based avionicsNot even once
Binary journald would have mitigated this
yes, corrupting the logs once in a while
This is what happens when you put "computer scientists" who never in their life had to think about memory efficiency doing real computer work.
Why the hell did they even need linux while they could have just used a simple microcontroller ?It's not like the transmitters and sensors are hard to interface with if you know what you're doing
Bill Nyeeeeeesssssss
Just make it overwrite instead of append.Linux is WAY to generous with log files on default.
this.seriously, why not this?
buying this tv, only question is; is 10 inches worth an extra $800?
Your mom seemed to think so, now I'm $800 richer
>55" 4Kpretty small for a 4K displayAlso, I'd be willing to bet it's not actually 4K.
nah it is m8, also upscales your 1080p content to look almost like 4ktv is sick, thinner than an iphone 6
>$1200>LED>LCD>goodkek, fuck off op
my 10 inches is worth every dollar you can spend
you fuck off poorfag, don't be jelly because i can afford nice brand name things
This is much better than any PC monitor you can buy, aside pro monitors like BVM/PVM'sNo OP, it's not worth it, once you go bigger than that it's much more worth to buy a projector and a screen
>calls me a poorfag>$1,200 tvkek
>more worth to buy a projector and a screen>worse color>only works in ultra dark environmentsthis thread is GOLD.ty for the laughs op
meh fuck y'all I'm gonna go and compare at bestbuy, pce
>watching TV on a shitty bright roomkek>worse colorsThere's projectors right now doing half of BT.2020, and projectors doing more than BT.709 were launched 10 years ago>only works in ultra dark environmentsThis is false, projectors have been able to work even on bright environments since the 90's, provided you used a high gain screen, and nowadays we have ultra bright projectors that work pretty much anywhere
>nah it is m8So you are implying that has 4K resolution = 4096x2160, and not the inferior UHDTV/2160p resolution = 3840x2160?Can you quote me a data sheet on that?>also upscales your 1080p content to look almost like 4kAny modern GPU or HTPC can easily do this with much, *much* better quality than the shitty built-in processing it does.>This is much better than any PC monitor you can buy, aside pro monitors like BVM/PVM'sCan you show me an objective review backing that statement up? I'm pretty sure my PC monitor outclasses it by an order of magnitude when it comes to rendering accuracy.Second this, a decent projector is the best way to go for high-end home cinema setups, in terms of nearly every metric you can think of.>half of BT.2020is this supposed to be impressive? “oh look, I can render half the image”also,>all this hurfing about viewing brightnessIt's almost like /g/ doesn't know the slightest thing about how to set up a proper home cinema environment.
AUTISM UTISM
ULTRA RARE PEPE DELETE NOW REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
>slightest thing about how to set up a proper home cinema environment.enlighten us then faggot
>3840x2160Yeah that's the res, I dunno man it's fucking nice, I don't know shit about tvs but I just want something nice and slim to upgrade my old 40 inch plasmaWhat would you suggest, a computer monitor and a media pc or some shit?
It's fine ignore him he's just a resolution autist
>I dunno man it's fucking nice, I don't know shit about tvsIf you know shit about TVs, why the fuck do you feel the need to subjectively assess its quality as “fucking nice”? That kind of misleading shit needs to stop.If you don't know what the fuck you're talking about, then don't talk about it.
>Can you show me an objective review backing that statement up? I'm pretty sure my PC monitor outclasses it by an order of magnitude when it comes to rendering accuracy.It seems there hasn't been many reviews on this one, though older models like the W800B had a grayscale dE 1.07, and a color dE of 2.7>is this supposed to be impressive? “oh look, I can render half the image”Half the BT.2020 color gamut, which is much bigger than AdobeRGB and even NTSC
>What would you suggest, a computer monitor and a media pc or some shit?Forgot to answerDepends too much on your specific requirements to be able to come up with a general answer.You need to at least provide a budget limit, a range of acceptable viewing distances, a range of acceptable screen dimensions, and then understand that you are going to make trade-offs in terms of image quality in order to stay within your budget limit.Sometimes more, sometimes less drastic.
Because I can compare in store with my eyes and objectively say it's fucking nice... Jesus dude how much of a fucking loser are you
But it's still not enough for BT.2020 aka what it will be fucking designed to play back.I'm not familiar with the numbers but 50% BT.2020 sounds like it could be the gamut of BT.709, aka decades old cheap shit that was gimped in order to make it cheaper to mass produce the phosphors.
Nah I don't want your autismo advice, get outta my thread faggot
Holy shit you are full of bait>compare in a store, where everything is intentionally miscalibrated in order to make it as bright and saturated as possible because that captures the attention of faggots like you>most likely compare at wrong distance, giving you a false impression of improvement over an equivalent 1080p display>and objectively say it's fucking niceI think you mean ‘subjectively’. You should read up on the difference between ‘objectively’ and ‘subjectively’, because they're quite important when making statements like these.Something is objective when it's a measurable phenomenon that independent observers will agree upon it. For example, you can use a colorimeter to measure the color accuracy and gamma curve in order to figure out that something is objectively close to the reference ideal.Something is subjective when that statement is based on your perception of something, eg. you can subjectively find one piece of music to be more pleasurable than another person - because it's something you're perceiving with your own senses and then making a subjective assessment of. Same is true for flawed TV “benchmark”.Also, even if you want to push the argument that subjective benchmarks are better for devices meant for the sense, then you should understand that level matching is important as FUCK. For example, you can't compare two headphones accurately if one is 5% louder than the other. We will always prefer the louder one, no matter which one it is. Same for TVs and brightness.This is why music keeps getting louder and louder, and why TVs keep getting bright and brighter. Because of fucking retards like you who stand in a shop and conclude that, based on visual inspection alone (aka how bright and oversaturated it is), one TV is somehow “better” than another.Holy fuck, you should all die. Every single one of you.
holy moly lol
Why the fuck do they bother to make these TVs if they won't even put on a fucking displayport
BT.2020 covers almost all the perceivable colorsBT.709 is equal to sRGB
lmfaosee
Stores have TV's set up like shit, it's the worst environment to compare a TV, it's only useful to see how ugly it's physically
Autism IRL.
Pay a little extra and get a 70-inch 1080p TVhttp://www.amazon.com/Sharp-LC-70LE660-70-Inch-Aquos-1080p/dp/B00NM4594ITrust me OP bigger is better!
The Epson LS10000 actually covers the whole DCI-P3 gamut (the one used in digital cinemas), which is 72% of BT.2020http://www.epson.com/alf_upload/pdfs/projectors/brochure_ls-series.pdf
Sorry, I didn't realize that you needed a doctorate in science to assess whether or not a TV looks nice Dr. Autisimo.
you can adjust and test settings yourself anon, if it's expensive enough you can also request a dark room viewing 4
Hey OP, here's my advice: If you like it and it's within your budget, get it. Read up on reviews and see how the warranty is or if it's a dud in terms of reliability. If you like how it looks, you will enjoy it. In terms of size, it depends how far away you're going to be from it and how much $800 means to you. I have a 55" tv and its fine for a smaller living room.
This is quite a good idea, but those TV's are edge lit and sometimes it's a lottery to get one without uniformity problems, though you can RMA them until you get a good one
Thanks! I take “autism” as a compliment. If I don't get called autistic when giving advice or presenting an argument, then it means I haven't provided enough useful information in a post.I wouldn't claim BT.2020 covers all the perceivable colors, rather what it attempts to do is cover all of the *natural* colors.BT.2020's phosphors were picked based on empirical trials with highly saturated natural objects under a sunlight equivalent, and then considering a cost trade-off based on various established phosphors that could be readily manufactured on large scales.Basically, BT.2020 is picked to represent colors occurring in the real world as good as possible within the constraints.I'm actually interested to see how UHDTV broadcasting will affect the cinema landscape, since now BT.2020 is being made standard for UHDTV and UHDBD.We could actually reach the point where Blu-ray quality is not just equivalent, but also significantly above what they see in cinemas.Here's hoping we'll see actual 60 Hz UHDBD masters of movies. It would be fucking awesome.
Why would he pay 1.5k for 1080p 70 inch when he can pay 2k for 4k 65 inch?

I already do, every day. I hope that makes you feel happier or something.
I can see whyIf I had to be as autistic as you on a daily basis I'd kill myself too
>The Epson LS10000 actually covers the whole DCI-P3 gamut (the one used in digital cinemas), which is 72% of BT.2020Oh, also, you have to realize that if you want to take advantage of the DCI-P3 gamut then you need to actually get DCI-P3 sources from somewhere. Which you probably can't do unless you break into a cinema.In practice, all home media is BT.709, although that should be shifting to BT.2020 later this year as soon as UHDBD gets cracked. (Which will probably happen a week or so after its release)
:( do you have a job as a color grader or something? you know your stuff but the average consumer isn't going to care nor take any of it
No, I'm just fascinated by this stuff. I maintain the color management code for mpv but that's about it.
If I was OP I would wait to the holiday season to get a new TV.There's actually a lot content for 1080p instead of shit looking 4k streams and the upcoming 4k blu rays that will take forever to get close to the library size 1080p blu rays. I would wait a few more years to adopt 4k.
Hey guys what's the biggest tv I could fit into here? Current tv is 30" I think
measure it yourself, you underage retard
The televisions you should be wary of are Samsung "Green UHD" and LG "Green plus UHD" branded modelsAvoid these models at all costs, despite carrying the UHD label they have a true resolution of 2180x2160 which is not part of any actual television standard and forces non-integer scaling in every conceivable playback scenariohttp://www.avsforum.com/forum/166-lcd-flat-panel-displays/1991490-buyers-beware-pseudo-uhd-resolution-displays-coming.html
*tips fedora*sure showed them normies with your enlightened intellect! I am willing to wager that you feel euphoric as in enlightened with your own intelligence, and i feel you don't need any phony gods blessings.*tips*
>I maintain the color management code for mpv but that's about it.Guys! I found the turboaspie! VLC is superior in every way!
no
I'd pay $800 to have an 11" cock
NO BUY!I mean seriously, don't buy it.Don't buy 4K sets until you hear press release in 2016 CES trade show.Why?Because current 4K UHDs like the Sony you posted It does not support HDR (hi-dynamic range)and 4096x2160p @ 60hz (59.94) resolution.wait until next year when we will all get proper 4K UHD TVs with actual native 4K content such as Bluray 4K.
85 inches, you'll be fine.
enjoy paying overpriced LED placebo fggtmy plasma seriously outperforms your set in out-of-box color purity/accuracy, uniformity, high brightness while maintaining composure of picture uniformity, and motion resolution (900 lines sans post-processing vs LCD's meager 350)
>"you have to realize"Stopped reading there.  Holy shit snacks,  my brother used to say that all the fucking time.  It made me cringe every time he opened his gaping maw and puked out that term.  He's dead now, and I'm actually wishing the same fate for you.
Burn-in
Holy fuck look at dat bezel.  You want to talk HORSE COCKS!
... uh?The new Blu-ray spec is already released, and it's not called “Bluray 4K”, it's called “UltraHD Blu-ray”.It's not 4096x2160 either, it's 3840x2160. Because that is the actual spec. The 4096x thing doesn't matter jack shit for consumers who are not mastering their cinema footage because it's not fucking based on DCI standards.>HDR (hi-dynamic range)Do you even understand what this means? BT.2020 is spec'd for 10-12 bits of dynamic range as the absolute, hard limit of human vision. 8 bit is still going to be plenty, and so is your shitty 6 bit + FRC to the average consumer who isn't viewing grayscale ramps and critical test sequences
>watch a couple of 21:9 movies>TV now has dark lines on 16:9 content and 4:3 contentayyyyy lmao
That bezel is wider than my first apartment.  To say nothing of the homosex content you've driveled on to your (90's voice) PLAASSSSSMAAA.
Hey anon, why the ultra wide bezel? Does it need to be that beefy to hold all your warm PLASMA?!?
Did the Geek Squad send a second truck with just the bezel construction material old chap?
>btw im a girlWho cares about bezels? if anything you want it to be thicker for immersion
Can you please use a tripcode? Pretty please?
You have to realize that problem is yours and yours alone.
underrated post
>is 10 inches worth an extra $800?sweden yes
Who cares if you have a vagina? Look at the bezel.
>you want it to be thicker for immersion
top kek


Old thread at itt:computer science,programming,software engineering,reverse engineering.What are you working on, /g/?
So I made it an async method returning a Task<string>, and it now returns 'Finished' when it's done.Not really sure how to call it so that it does its thing before the second window pops up, and updates the UI as soon as it finishes.private async void MetroWindow_Loaded(object sender, RoutedEventArgs e)        {            await SQLCall();        }private async Task SQLCall()        {            string result = await LeaderboardFactory.GetLeaderboardDataSQL();            if (result == "Finished")            {                GetLeaderboardData();            }        }private void GetLeaderboardData()        {// UI things        }
android:layout_marginStart="100dp"android:layout_marginLeft="100dp"android:layout_marginRight="10dp"android:layout_marginEnd="10dp"Why do I have to use Start and End on everything? It just seems like pointlessly duplicating layout code.[spoiler]Yes I am aware it will work just fine without them in the majority of cases but I would like it to work properly in all cases.[/spoiler]
Literally two seconds in Google: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/25934106/what-is-androidlayout-marginstartIt looks like it has to do with LTR/RTL rendering compatibility.
I know, Android Studio and Eclipse both tell you why it suggests you add them if you leave them out.The thing is you can't have Start and End on their own if you are supporting less than API level 17, so if you want to get rid of the warnings then all you will be doing is duplicating lines.I suppose ideally if you target at least 17 and replace all your Lefts and Rights then in a RTL language your app will be perfectly mirrored in content placement, but this feels like too much of a pain in the ass for things I am doing on my own.
newb here.i want to code a sound synthetizer, eventually with a MIDI reader in it too.for now i care only about writing a tone to a WAV sound file. is there any library/utility that will make this, or other tasks, faster? i don't want to write the WAV header byte by byte.i can code in C , C#, C++.
libsndfile.WAV/RIFF is pretty simple though. It wouldn't be terribly hard to implement it yourself.
>Mfw learning user defined exeptions in c#i dont get it, so can't try/catch user defined exceptions?the only use i see for it is throwing it if something you dont want happening happens.
Kinda newb hereTry to connect an exel planning and an SQL to a google agenda with some  c# And i've never used c++ or c# How fucked am I ?
>i dont get it, so can't try/catch user defined exceptions?You can, otherwise they would be useless.
SHIT NIGGERS, I FIGURED IT OUTLITERALLY ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS PUT YOUR TIME CONSUMING THINGS IN A BLOCK LIKE THIS:public static async Task<string> GetLeaderboardDataSQL()        {            await Task.Run(() =>                {                    //time consuming bullshit                });                        return "Finished";        }AND THEN CALL IT FROM ANYWHERE YOU WANT:private async Task/*<string>*/ SQLCall()        {            string result = await LeaderboardFactory.GetLeaderboardDataSQL();        }var controller = await this.ShowProgressAsync("Please wait", "Authentication successful! Loading MultiTool client...");controller.SetCancelable(false);Task t = SQLCall();await t;double i = 0;while (i < 6.0){    double val = (i / 100.0) * 20.0;    controller.SetProgress(val);    controller.SetMessage("Loading MultiTool client...");    if (controller.IsCanceled)    {        await this.ShowMessageAsync("Cancelled!", "Sign in was cancelled!");        break;    }    i += 1.0;    await Task.Delay(500);}await controller.CloseAsync();
What abomination is this language?SeeSharp?
>abominationFuck off. Go back to your C code with single letter variable names.
anyone got that chart with project ideas?
His brackets are all sorts of fucking goofy. It usually doesn't look like that.
>indented new line bracesJust kill me already
>8 space indent on brackets>12 space indent on enclosed code>No indent on rest of codeYour coding style looks like an abomination to me.>with single letter variable namesYour code uses multiple single letter variable names.It's in the last thread.Please don't post that shit or make rolling posts in this thread.
>Go back to your C code with single letter variable names.Meanwhile, in your code....>Task t>double i>double val
What's wrong with my brackets?I'm not a fan of the open bracket at the end of the method.  This way they are nested in-line so I can see exactly where it begins and ends.
>What's wrong with my brackets?It's inconsistent as fuck.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indent_stylePick a style (but not GNU style) and be consistent with it.
I'm using Allman style, according to that page.My second block of code is misleading; that's a method and a segment from another method.See screenshot.Also is not me.
>I'm using Allman style, according to that page.Your formatting is getting fucked up by 4chan, then.Allman style is fine. Whatever it turned your shit into was definitely NOT fine.
Yeah, 4chan ate some of my indents.Also, like I said, the second block was two different segments from my source.
>Also, like I said, the second block was two different segments from my source.I'm aware. You end up with the same formatting for timers if you use lambda expressions to describe the tick event.
Newb question:can Tor stop your ISP from seeing what you've been pirating (magnet links specifically)?
>Torrenting over Tor
>torrenting>torPlease die
ok, i get it /g/, you think I'm dumb.  so what exactly is wrong with pirating over tor?
https://www.torproject.org/download/download-easy.html.en#warning>Don't torrent over Tor>Torrent file-sharing applications have been observed to ignore proxy settings and make direct connections even when they are told to use Tor. Even if your torrent application connects only through Tor, you will often send out your real IP address in the tracker GET request, because that's how torrents work. Not only do you deanonymize your torrent traffic and your other simultaneous Tor web traffic this way, you also slow down the entire Tor network for everyone else.
ok, question answered thanks anon!
If you want to torrent do it over I2P using it's tools that were designed for that purpose. Leave Tor for browsing the clearnet.
Yeah, Tor network traffic is encrypted, only the jump to clearnet may not be. Your ISP shouldn't be able to see your data, it'll show as encrypted traffic if they look.However, they may be able to determine that you are torrenting by using some careful traffic analysis, but not anything about what the torrent is. They can make guesses, like if you download a .torrent file that matches the exact size of a currently popular .torrent, but that's about it.But Tor isn't very good for torrents. Some exit nodes block the traffic and it is a drag on the network at large. But  is wrong about it not being anonymous, at least if you're careful. Use Whonix, all traffic is forced to Tor, and it creates a false IP address so even the shittiest of BT clients are forced to send false info.
don't fucking torrent on tor you dumbasstorrent on i2p
Any of you Android faggots check out Periscope yet?
>contributing to the NSA propaganda botnetNah thanks
>How to request purchase advice:http://pastebin.com/QGAhMCKE>$200 and under headphones:http://pastebin.com/8u0qgQt1>$200 and over headphones:http://a.pomf.se/lncogq.png>Earphones /g/uide:http://pastebin.com/QQ4Gp7bQ>/g/ wiki headphone FAQ:https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php?title=Headphones>Audio related videos:http://pastebin.com/TcTS8Tsn>Previous thread
>BudgetMayb $100-$150>SourceMy computer (Primarily Music and Gaming)>Requirements for IsolationSome? Ideally variable because they will mostly be for in my room, but out and about too>Preferred Type of HeadphoneFull size or on ear (honestly I don't know the difference)>Preferred tonal balanceBalance I guess>Past headphoneshttp://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16826738003&cm_re=hyperx_headphones-_-26-738-003-_-Product>Preferred MusicHip Hop, Jazz, Games>LocationUSAI'm looking for nice headphones that I can use for gaming, meaning ones with a mic, but that I can also use when I'm studying. I'd like to be able to remove the mic if I could and not have the headphones look like GAMER GEAR, if that makes sense.Put this in the old thread, but I'll move it here too.
Second for triggeredAlso I bought the V-MODA XS. Did I fucked up?
>No /hpg/ in the titleIs it that hard OP?
lmoa these r fun
/delusional general/commence waifu autism and clueless sound quality discussion
Rate my eq.
>Budget250$ max>SourceFiio x1, nexus 6>Requirements for IsolationSome is preferred>Preferred Type of HeadphoneIem>Preferred tonal balanceBalanced, v-shaped>Past headphonesIM-02, Senal smh-1000, Jays one+>Preferred MusicEdm, rock>LocationUSAThinking about RHA MA750, what else should i consider?
Guys, are the K7XX any better than K702's?
Yes. I think we should switch them in op guide.
Err, meant to say swap.
reminder that the Fidelio X2 masterrace is currently £170 @ Amazon.it
I apologise for my autism, but since they're on amazon.it you should say 240€.
Are these really worth it? I'm really tempted.
>Nigga bass asidei doubt you would be disapointed, it's a great headphone for the price and, for many, the first good step in heapdhones world.
They are very good if you like a warm headphone. One of the best choices in the ~250euro bracket
After doing a little research I'd say not really no. The newer K702's apparently use the same driver as the Q701's. It'll just come down to preference.
>No subjecthow hard is that Op?
Tell us about your headphones.Too basic.My bad.Full sized should surround the ear with large pads, on ear rest the pads on the ear.
Good afternoon /hpg/, how are you guys today?
Yes it should, meh bad
Alright, which is a better purchase: Fidelio X2 or the Sennheiser HD 650. I'm currently using a pair of Grado sr325's, and I'm growing tired of how bright they are.
X2 if you don't have an amp.It's probably better either way.
doing good so far
Okay, so they're back on my list.I just went to a local Music Store(Guitar Center) and fell in love with their selection of headphones. I shoulda asked if they had some other ones available for testing.
i think everyone can guess what this thread is about anon
Yes but it can be a pain to find from the catalog, especially for new people.
evenin' boys
The smh-1000's are nice and bright, whille having very clear sound. IM-02 was balanced, and achieved high comfort, isolation, and clarity, which is what i loved about these. Jays one+ were bass heavy while balancing quality and quantity for the bass, mid, and highs.
I have this and they sound like crap, are not very comfortable, my old technics headphones for like $50 sound betterthey do look good and are quite stylish, I wear them on the train, also dat noise canceling
audio technica msr7 is said to be a straight-up upgrade from those, even looks the same and is cheaper
Is the MDR7506 worth? Is there a superior option for the same price?
Get the senal smh-100s the same0. Same sound sig, removable cable, looks the same, and has better clarity.
no measurements.
Has anyone tried the Knowledge Zeniths yet? I ordered a couple pairs. head-fi seems impressed by them
Once /hpg/ suggested me the JVC FXT-100: no reviews exist except a thread on shill-fi, and you find only pages in japanese while searching them on google: at least while looking for the SMH-100 google gives you pages in english!
2 hour later. Finally sound "s" and cymbals don't pierce my ears.
You need to set your overall gain to -14
pretty shy on the sub bass
put preamp to -14you can experiment on the filters too.
Haven't posted in a while
Will do when I'll buy an amp.
Thoughts on the K550?
Why the 10Hz.Why not just use a shelving EQ?
Pls be gentle
I enjoy them, but I dislike the pleather pads so the Q701s get more head time.Mine have been modified with a new removable cable and silver plated copper internalsIt can be hard to get a good seal for maximum isolation and bass. A lot of fussing around with the gimbals.Sound is good, on the warmer side of neutral, but not as warm as bass port modded Q701.idk I like V-shaped headphones because I'm a pleb
>Why the 10Hz.Rudiment. I started from mirroring measurement graph.
What is a good budget DAC and Amp?
Magni+Modi>noise harvesterwew lad
>2015 >Not converting powerline noise to light for maximum placebo.
>not owning a power conditioner for your audio
SD-793II if you can live without USB
Have one of those too anonThey're supplemental.I bought the harvesters to try to cut town tube noise that I was getting. It did help quite a bit, or at least in my mind I think it does :^)
stopp
>been researching headphones for 4 days straight>mostly head-fi>feel money burning in my pocket more and more>find possible candidate>nope it's shit>repeat ad infinitum>still no fucking clue what to getGod I hate/love this. Can't handle my autism.
I know that feel>anon 1: get these headphones, they're the best you can get in your price range!>anon 2: lol no, those headphones are shit, don't listen to anon 1, get these [extremely similar headphones] instead>anon 3: don't bother with X or Y, get Z
Massdrop currently has the AKG K7xx for $200 are they worth picking up?
It's almost like no one in these autism threads actually knows what they're talking about!
Or maybe it's so subjective that it's hard to tell who is going to prefer what!
Most people on /hpg/ generally agree on what are good and bad headphones.You have most likely been the target of shilling.Just take a look at the $200+ headphones guide we made. It should be pretty solid.
how do you guys take care of your headphone cables? do you wrap them in a coil and use velcro, braid them, etc..? how should i store them to ensure longevity?
Head-Fi is the last place to look if you don't know how to wade through the bullshit snake oil.You have to know where and how to look, try looking at measurements and what objective information you can source before asking people for opinions. Obviously the -best- way would be to go and audition but that's also very hard to adequately doThere are also some reviewers who don't exist to shill overpriced crap, like Zeos (for budget gear) and I imagine some others. Tyll does measurements but he also clearly throws in some shilling here and there
Anyone know some smartphone with nice audio qyality? I'm talking about iphone 4 or htc one audio qualityIs lgg2 audio good?
>look at frequency response graph of current favorites>compare with frequency response graphs of other headphones>pick the ones that are an objective upgrade in terms of accuracy, and which also fit the style and price I desireGG EZ
Don't fall for some 'audiophile' quality smartphone, they should all be relatively the same in this regard. I imagine iPhones would be pretty decent here because some of Apple's iPhones had decent to good DACs in them
>tfw I don't understand those fancy rainbow coloured 3D graphs but I still want good quality audio at home
When it comes to budget there is a severe lack of measurements, especially with chinese brands. If you only did that you'd never discover gems like Takstars
some of Apple's iPods*
I know exactly that feel. It's been a week for me now. The more I read, the more confused I get: it seems there's no way to find out what might be the optimal way to spend your money.>try looking at measurementsThey're easily understandable. However they rarely tell the whole picture.>and what objective information you can source before asking people for opinionsIt's simply not possible. Period. For instance, here's something I'm reading right now:I was looking for a better or step up than old M50 so based on so many good reviews online, inner fidelity and amazon I ordered NAD HP50.For the price point this should be good or better alternative to my old M50 as in house or outdoor listening. >I got the HP50 today and these are my first out of the box impression: (mostly vs M50)>better comfort>louder>sounds warmer than M50 ( i thought M50 was warmer)>mids and high are too dark>good bass not too boomy but less extended>forward sound - more in your face>narrower sound stage than M50>the worst .....sounds FLAT way less dynamic. Music don't sound alive.WHICH IS EXACTLY THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT I'VE READ UNTIL NOW ABOUT THE HP50 GOD FUCKING DAMN IT!
>I read a bunch of non-empirical, anecdotal reviews and was surprised when reality didn't reflect them
>For the price point this should be good or better alternativeThat was a terrible assumption to make>forward sound - more in your face>narrower sound stage than M50Are these even possible? M50 have no soundstage
Could you post your configuration?
I currently have a pair of M50s but I want something more neutral at around the same price range.>Budget$150 max>SourcePC and phone>Requirements for IsolationNot required>Preferred Type of HeadphoneClosed or Semi Open>Preferred tonal balanceMore Neutral>Past headphonesATH-M50s>Preferred MusicAcoustic, Electronic, Jazz, etc. >LocationUSI thought about picking up a pair of 7506s. What do you guys think?
I'm trying to read the highest number of anecdotal reviews in order to tell personal impressions from shared perceptions. Then things like the review I've pasted pops up and it's literally opposite in every single point to whatever I've read until now: the point is not "why is he telling something different from what I was expecting", the point is "how is that possible that there's NOTHING in common with any other review?".>That was a terrible assumption to makeThe iterative process is the following:>set a list of conditions (in my case: closed and portable, good soundstage, balanced)>see what the market offers>exclude those that cost too much (a.k.a. set a maximum budget)>start reading reviews and comparatives>start all over again with new more strict conditions based on your findings' characteristicsIn my case I've narrowed the choice to two headphones, however this algorithm starts looping when reading reviews and comparatives, because you learn about other headphones that seem to fit your requirements.>Are these even possible?No it isn't. From what I've read HP should be slightly warm, but overall flat, with excellent soundstage. Don't know about the M50 since I can find only the M50x on the market, so I read reviews only of this latter model.
>I thought about picking up a pair of 7506s. What do you guys think?Sure, but you should know it's a sidegrade. You have to save up more money if you want an upgrade that's also neutral.
>I know exactly that feel. It's been a week for me nowFug, I know that feel about other toys. I'm on day 2, know next to nothing about audio, and soon will have 4~€600 to spend. This is going to be tough.
I don'r read into the average reviewer's statements about sound. I don't know what they like. It is usually fine for sonething that requires less training, such as comfort or build issues or somethng.
Alright /g/, I'm not shilling, but I bought all these, what can you tell me about them? I got them from Aliexpress so it'll be a while before they arrive. Knowledge Zenith ED9Knowledge Zenith GRKnowledge Zenith ED3Knowledge Zenith DT3Knowledge Zenith ED Special EditionDUNU DN-22 DetonatorDUNU DN-12 TridentXiaomi Piston 3
Has anyone ever listened to any legendary cans like the Grado HP1 or the Sennheiser Orpheus? How were they? Are they worth tracking down nowadays?
From what I recall most people preferred the HD800 (with HDVD 800) over the Orpheus because Sennheiser were doing these 'Legend vs State of the Art' stallsNo idea about the HP1k
We had somebody with an orpheus a few threads ago.. then a few threads before that some guy who had heard a 500k speaker system. I'm pretty sure the consensus on the orpheus is that it definitely isn't worth the 30k they are going for these days
Any earphones recommendations?>Price rangeLess than $20 USD>Sound signature preference (neutral, bassy, etc)Anything is fine>Do you need high isolation from your environment?Yes>Other features you may need (mic, detachable cable, etc)Whatever is fine>The source(s) you will be plugging it into (PMP, phone, etc)PhoneI'd like some alternatives to the ones in the guide, mostly for transportation/work, thanks!
They are the greats, more legend than substance. Good and great headphones yes, but the price they go for is not reflective of their performance. The HP-1 and HE90 and R10 prices are where they are from collectors and flippers. The HE90+HEV90 stands out as an especially poor value and prone to scammers.The HD 800 is tuned very differently from the HE90, that much will be very evident.Don't mistake price for sound quality, and this runs both ways.
>definitely isn't worth the 30k they are going for these daysThats because it is a hardcore collector headphone today.Denon AH5000 cost like $600-1000 and it is nowhere near worth that much.Same story with AKG K1000.
Even at their original price the Orpheus price doesn't reflect their sound quality. Maybe it did it the early 90s, certainly not now. Back then their RRP was higher than a current SR-009 with BHSE and that doesn't account for inflation
I got a pair of a40s for free without the mixamp would I need to get a mixamp to use them as a simple headset + mic combo for chatting with my m8s?They came with literally no cables and im not sure if they mixamp is required to use the microphone.
Hi dad
Sell them to a retard and buy something that sounds a bit better than a $5 set of headphones
If you're willing to go a little more expensive and a small amount of sound leakage, the Koss PotaPros are a godsend for the price and portability. They're  a little base heavy, but not too much. This helps keep them functional in a high noise environment.
Sennheiser 598s are on sale on Amazon for $150 right now.I have the 558s, great for gaming and music.
If you have the HD 558, you should surely know that there is no difference between that and 598 after you have foam modded it.
>not suggesting 558 and to mod them when they're like $120 on Amazon>instead suggesting more expensive, uglier headphone that sounds identical to modded 558
But I want earphones, I already have an Audio Technica ATH-AD700X. Thanks though.
In ear monitors, you want iems. the xiaomi piston 2.
I-I totally knew about the mod.
Missed that part, sorry.
>mostly for transportation/work>even suggesting something as hideous as theseWhy is it you're looking for alternatives to the ones in the guide?
Because I'm looking for a seller in ebay, since I got a $10 discount coupon, and most of the sellers there are chinese, which take months to deliver to my shitty 3rd world country.
They are tiny, sound great for the price, and comfortable as fuck. That fits the transportation criteria perfectly. I think that beats may be more your style
To the anon comparing portapro bass to 7506/v6 bass, on paper it's significantly less but the perception is that the v6 actually has more bass, to me anyways. maybe it's down to just the pressure that a closed headphone has or the tightness and punch of the v6 bass, but I personally find them bassier than the portapro. the portapro has a more traditional dark sound, it sounds a bit "thick", as if it's bass emphasis is spread across more of the bass frequency range. the v6 has much more bass impact.
I get my T70 tomorrow, they'll replace my old DT770 Pro. They're still great but I had money to spend, and still have, should I buy the ASUS STX I or II? Is there any difference? I need perfect quality for gaming/movies/music.
How do the Piston 3 compare to 2.0 or 2.1?
Are your Q701's balanced? If so, did you do them yourself and how hard was it?
Get an O2 if you want perfect quality.It's the most transparent amp on the market.
>silver plated copper Urgh, that's bad. UP-OCC or bust.
I spent the last hour cutting up packaging material to stuff in earpads. I'm pretty satisfied with the results. Probably going to buy one of those wool headband cushions from china for my m40x and other headphones.
We snake oil now
I know it's bad but nothing turns me on that a nicely braided UP-OCC litz copper cable.
Oh I won't deny they attractive as hell. I'm definitely considering making my own cables in a similar style because I like the look but don't like the price tag
>Specific gravitytopkekyou're welcome to show me some properly set up double blind ABX trials demonstrating that OCC and OFC are distinguishable
How are the JVC HA-FX40? Are there any similar alternatives?
>you're welcome to show me some properly set up double blind ABX trials demonstrating that OCC and OFC are distinguishableOr any copper cable
HP1000 are worth owning if you can get them for around $1000-1500. Above that they're overpriced. They're very neutral and detailed for a Grado headphone and have a less forward sound.
Hey, I'm breddy gud.
What's the matter, too poor to own proper cables or something?
...is that a polarity switch? Damn...
Are they easy to drive like most Grados? Also, what does the polarity switch do?
>know next to nothing about audioAnd question in regard to this: I'm looking for a set to listen to music, I want to feel like they are playing for me in my room.What are the specs I need to look out for? The guides speak of colored mids, bass rollout, treble is spiky, coloration in highs...But I have no idea what exactly this means.Any input is appreciated.>Budget4~600€ (including dac and amp)>SourcePC mostly>Requirements for IsolationNo preference>Preferred Type of HeadphoneFull size>Preferred tonal balanceNo idea>Past headphones€50 Creative 'gamer' headset>Preferred MusicWide range, but I want the headphones specifically to listen to stuff like Pink Floyd, Paolo Nutini, psychedelic rock.If it's good for that simulated surround thingy I read about that would be a big plus, I like to watch movies too, but it's not required, music is the most important>LocationWestern Europe>suggestion from other thread: AKG K7xx and Schiit Magni/Modi
I don't think I have the patience to braid the cables nicely like that. ;_;
hi :3already posted mine, evvy
Your speakers are the audio equivalent of a bosozoku car kek/me pets acbn
Shouldn't be too hard to find a female who likes doing it
It changes the phase of the driver by reversing the current flow. Mostly used for old recordings where the polarity is wrong or if there is a ground hum through your audio system, otherwise it's useless. It's easy to drive like most Grados yes.
I have both, and they are pretty equal. Other guy is right, it's a sidegrade. I think the 7506s are a little more neutral, but I don't think it's worth your shekels.
That's it! I'm mad. I have gone definitely insane. Audiophiles are not humans, are the devil incarnate.
>Budget~$150>SourcePC>Requirements for IsolationSome>Preferred Type of HeadphoneFull size or on ear>Preferred tonal balanceGood enough for my chinese cartoons and games>Past headphonesPortaPros, Logitech G35>Preferred MusicHip hop, pop, jazz, games, anime, etc>LocationUSA with a Frys nearby.Gave my G35s away, using some EarPods.Pls assist.
1.) Looking for a good dac/amp setup for pic related in the range of 200.2.) I've been using tidal recently and have enjoyed it, however i have been reading that the quality is more half of the lossless they advertised but it is still much better than 320kbs mp3. My question is, is it worth the twenty bucks a month considering i listen to some fairly non common songs that public trackers don't have in flac. 3.) Best Wafiu right
No, they're just stupid
>buying a $200 dac/amp setup for ~$70 headphones
>1.) Looking for a good dac/amp setup for pic related in the range of 200.why?>2.) I've been using tidal recently and have enjoyed it, however i have been reading that the quality is more half of the lossless they advertised but it is still much better than 320kbs mp3. My question is, is it worth the twenty bucks a month considering i listen to some fairly non common songs that public trackers don't have in flac. No. 320 kbps Is fine for anything but archival, which you're not doing with Tidal anyways
What is the general opinion of the Sony MDR10RBT?
What do you expect from a hobby that involves a sizeable degree of subjectivity?
Bluetooth is inherently shitty but the MDR-10R in general are attractive and in my opinion the only acceptable full size headphone for wearing outside without looking like HD800-on-subway-sperg
>http://amzn.com/B00DOP3NPWWhat do you guys think of these?
Were gonna need something more specific for tonal balance.>EarPodsYou poor soul.
>implying i wont upgrade headphones later and don't want to future proof
Worry about that shit when you can actually justify it
Finally getting a real set of headphones after all the gaymin shit I've been through. Would like some help>Budget$150-$200>SourceHome PC, Realtek ALC1150 in mobo, no dac>Requirements for IsolationNeed it, roommates.>Preferred Type of HeadphoneFull size over ear>Preferred tonal balanceNot knowledgable, but gonna go with balanced because I listen to a little bit of everything.>Past headphonesCreative Soundblaster 3d Alpha and Logitech G930, both had terrible crackling bass and uncomfy>Preferred MusicAlmost every kind, rock, edm, blues, country, you name it>LocationTurkeyLooking for something with average/decent bass and a wide soundstage. As I wrote above I listen to a lot of different kinds of music and also play some video games, so I'm looking for a middle ground between bass and clarity. Set my eyes on Beyerdynamics DT770 and Audio Technica A900x (closed back one) but hey, I don't know shit, so I'd really appreciate some insight.In short, what're some good balanced $150-$200 closed-back pair for both music and games in general?
Efficiency is measurable!You put in a certain amount of electric power and you measure it with a wattmeter.You collect a certain amount of acoustic power and you measure it with a sound meter.You divide these two numbers and you have the fucking efficiency: under a certain threshold they're inefficient, thus they need an amp, over a certain threshold the do not. Between two middle values you can say that they can be used without an amp, even though it's not recommended.If you don't have those numbers you shut the fuck up and let the numbers speak for themselves! It's that fucking simple!
Clear sounds, not to bass heavy.>EarPodsIts all I could find.
Here, straight from the box.
Before you even bother to post your photo>trusting measurements from the company selling you the product
Not to make it sound like money will fix all your problems, but if the head hopes you but are THAT bad (which they probably aren't) you can always upgrade later.
It's not that simple. Some amps you have to crank the volume up to hear all the details while some do not, obviously there is something else going on there that is not readily measurable.
I think that everyone's first "audiophile" headphone should be the Grado Sr80's. They are incredible for the price. Grado cans generally tend to be on the bright side, with punchy base. They are flawed enough that they let the listener learn a lot about what they do and don't like. The only thing that may not suit you is that they are open air and star to get uncomfortable at the three hour mark.
you just wanted to say something negative
Evening, lads. I should do the template later on but I'm more of a portable guy.
Gonna go spend $800 on an amplifier for my $200 headphones now because -some day- I will buy some better headphones, it's just future proofing right?
I can agree with this, just wish they were more comfortable!
go fur it
Follow your dreams
Thanks, Dad
NVX XPT100, AKG K550/551/553, or the a900x you're looking at.
I want to upgrade from my Schiit Magni & Modi stack with a budget of up to $1000. My current headphone is the HD65 though I have plans to upgrade them for the HD800 probably during Christmas this year. Any suggestions? I don't mind tubes if it helps.
yeah x2 is worth it, its like a HD600/650 but warmerif you can get the X1 id go for those because the extra bass is actually quite nice, its not boomy but you feel it more
Noone has ever heard of these headphones before, have you?
You won't find anyone with high regard for any kind of wireless audio in these threads
Those can run wired tho
>Budget450 USD>SourceAsus Crosshair V Formula-Z motherboard with Schiit Magni 2 amp>Requirements for IsolationNone, I prefer open back>Preferred Type of HeadphoneOver ear and open back>Preferred tonal balanceleaning towards bass heavy.>Past headphonesAKG Q701: I liked them a lot, soundstage was great. comfort was great. My only problem was they sounded sort of weak. Like the sound was missing some punch to it.Sennheiser Momentum 2: I liked the sound but the highs are almost nonexistant and the mids are a little faded due to the very heavy bass. Also the closed back design and small soundstage made them a little bit less usable for me  on PC, but I do use them for mobile.>Preferred MusicRock, Metal, Hip hop/Rap, but theyll also be used for gayming >inb4 go to /v/ autist>LocationUSA, no HIFI shops nearby.I was thinking about the Sennheiser HD650s?Any input?
NOW YOU TELL ME. Got tiered of my AKG 702's lack of bass. Thinking of selling them soon, anyone interested?
>Budget<1,000 USD>SourcePC>Requirements For IsolationNone.>Preferred Tonal BalanceMonitor levels of flatness preferable>Past HeadphonesATH-M50x>Preferred MusicJazz, Bossa Nova, Video Game Soundtracks, Metal, Rock, Disco, J-Pop, and Classical>LocationUSAI'm looking for quality, comfortable headphones that I will be using exclusively in the comfort of my room. No real aesthetic requirements, but black would be nice.
Preferred type is circumaural, I guess.
Get something with a bit of a warm tilt. That's about it. Or just keep what you got and do the forward dampening mod to tweak the treble on the HD800's.>Run my balanced planars on $10 Class A receiver (Was like $100 new)>Run them on my $500 balanced Class A headphone amp (was $2000 new)>Can't hardly hear the differenceDidn't really believe it until I had the chance to compare myself, but amp chasing really is overrated. Not saying everything is placebo like some but give a few different things a try with your new headphones before you commit to a big purchase. Not saying there's not a difference. Those two things trounce my old $100 Class A headphone amp ($1600 new) and old free Class AB receiver ($100 new).The experience just makes me just want to chase headphones rather than DAC/amp after a certain point though.
I really, really like the WooAudio WA6 with the HD600/650/800. A rectifier upgrade is a must, you can postpone the driver tube upgrade for later. Admittedly that doesn't leave much budget for the DAC but the WA6 is much better sounding than the likes of O2 or Magni.
For what you want I would recommend the 650's over the 600's, but that just my choice. The Audio Technica ATH-AD700 are highly recommended for gaming. I suggest one of thesehttp://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATH-AD700-Open-air-Audiophile-Headphones/dp/B000CMS0XU http://www.amazon.com/Philips-X2-27-Fidelio-Headphones/dp/B00O2Y2MZGhttp://www.amazon.com/Sennheiser-HD-650-Headphones/dp/B00018MSNI
cool, pics of stuffed pads?
I agree with your last suggestion: K7xx and Schiit Magni/Modi.
Whats so special about the Fidelo X2s?I see those mentioned here a lot.Also would you recommend them over the HD650s?
>bass heavyhahahahahahahahahaha.I gave mine away because they were not bass heavy at all. 4 years and the fuckers never punched harder than my Sony extra bass headphones.
he said "a little base heavy", not nigger bass, shitty ears.
at first glance the HD650s seem much higher quality.
Honestly, It's about how much Phillips gave a shit improving them over the x1's. They have great bass and imaging which will help with gaming. >Also would you recommend them over the HD650s?That's a tough call. There really isn't a wrong answer. If you feel more comfortable with the HD650's, I say go for it. Sennheiser is a great brand, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
>punchfor "punchier" bass i'd go with DT880, for a general warmer signature the HD650.
It's a warm tilted headphone with a surprising amount of bass for an open backed headphone.Monitor tier flatness in headphones is rare, and that price range might be generally more colored than the cheaper gear. Maybe the HE-560, but its definitely bright leaning.>I have no one else to talk to about IEMs
Thanks, grabbing some HD650s
Hey, I ain't the one recommending it either.>people actually payed $40+ for those flimsy cheap 80's headphones.I found them brand new for $27 and still regret paying for them.>Defending those headphones.nice troll
I remember I downloaded the equalizer epo thing someone had setup specifically for their mdr v6s to reduce sibilance I'd love to do that again.
As anyone ever gone back to an old headphone and really enjoyed it after getting an upgrade?Since the new pads arrived i'm having so much fun with my MDR v6, no wonder i liked it so much first time i listened to it.
ok, jokes aside, it's ok not to like a headphone Anon, but be aware that the portapro actualy is a respected headphone in it's price range and has been recommended here for many years, even before the first /hpg/.
Now I see all these equalizer posts. Does it make your cans work better then what they already are? If so how can I do this.Pic related cans I have
Way better. Look up your headphone's frequency response and tame them to get a more neutral sound.
For example, this is a graph of the Grado SR325. Their good headphones, but their bright as shit. So you need to tame the treble. This site may help you. http://www.headphone.com/pages/build-a-graph
cute yoshi :3
Your talking to a guy who knows  only if it sounds good or like shit. Where would one find this info/equalize it at
http://www.headphone.com/pages/evaluating-headphones
I would think it it easier to work with a VST with a nice GUI when hammering out the EQ, and then transposing the results to the EQ APO, with or without PEACE.>Does it make your cans work better then what they already are?It absolutely can, if you perform it properly. Measurements can help with the broad strokes, but they don't have the precision for fine tuning and they don't have your exact pair or your ears.Even more if the graphs are smoothed, such as all the graphs from Goldenears, and measurements not made from Headroom's compensated response.As an example of smoothing effects, the same 325 without smoothing. You should ignore everything above 10kHz.You need to figure out what you want as a target.For guides, there are two guides at head-fi, but I remember some problems with both.Guide #1:www.head-fi.org/a/how-to-equalize-your-headphones-a-tutorialGuide #2:www.head-fi.org/t/615417/how-to-equalize-your-headphones-advanced-tutorial-in-progress
>I have no one else to talk to about IEMsI know right. I don't know why they are not popular around here when their performance level is much higher than full circumaural headphones.
I saved the pic because I currently am looking for headphones. It'll take me more to get porta pro's again.I really didn't hate them, but was very disappointed in my personal experience how others praised them.I want the V6 headphones, but I might get the professionals instead.
I've always been itching to try one, but my brain can't fathom how the would be better than headphones. So I'm always too scared to spend the cash.
The ones with memory foam tips felt much better than the rubber ones that force my ears open like a dildo.JVC Marshmallow earbuds was a good pair around $20. Koss Sparkplugs were great as well.Also.... I am another person, not him.
/hpg/ what about the Oppo PM-3? Has anyone heard them? What are they like compared to the Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 (wired)?
I've yet to find a full-size that sounds as neutral as my ER-4PT.
That guide is very old anon, prices are way off, the AD700 for example is not even produced anymore.Anyway, the v6 and the 7506 are practically the same headphone, Sony just changed a few materials, slaped a new sticker on it and called the day, go with the cheapest one, besides, the V6 is professional too, it's been considered instustry standard for 30 years now.
Portability, of course.Many IEMs have isolation far exceeding sealed headphones.Some people also want the soundscape to be even more in the head. Weird.Accurate tuned IEMs are more suited for binaural and ambisonic type playback, since they are subject to little acoustic variation besides insertion depth.Circumaurals have much more variation as they are moved around the head.The neutral IEMs are more neutral than the neutral headphones, but EQ can clean this up either way.
what are some good pads to get for my ad700s?mine are kind of worn down a bit even after cleaning with tape/lint rollersor should I just get some of these gaymen headsets?
Do any of them they need to be driven?
Whats a tough looking cable for the hd600? Currently using the HD650 cable as the standard 600 cable is fucking garbage tier and broke after 2 months of use, I'm after something shorter as the current cable is ridiculously long.
Can you give me an advice on a good entry-level custom IEM for a newbie?
The requirements for IEMs are a bit different from headphones. Low noise should be obvious, and the need for a lower output impedance is more important, since some IEMs have very lopsided impedance plots from the crossovers used.Besides the Etykids, I don't know anything else with hard driving requirements. Being a voltage hog was a deliberate design in the in the Etykids though, as an SPL limiter.>inb4 Fitear 000 IEM cableHD 25 steel cable? It's not cheap, like all the other replacement Sennheiser parts.
>$200 and over headphones:>http://a.pomf.se/lncogq.pngCan this be updated to show whether or not the headphone is worth the price.the DT880 description sounds as if they are better than the LCD-XC.
Did they just increase the price of the HD 800?The list is there because it was voted there.I thought the XC really sucked, and its not even in the same category.
I'll recommend what I bought when I was looking for some IEMs. Look at the SE215's, they're perfect for on the go and the isolation is superb. Not sure about edm and rock, but listening to metal on them sounds great.
Why  is the dt 770 so popular now?
>tfw you fell for the m50 meme
Sorry man, better luck next time.
Does anyone have any experience with Audiofly in ears? I was looking at them earlier and they seem to be pretty good for the price of them
is that a mayflower o2?if so is your power connector on the unit functioning properly? i managed to break mine rather easily.
That clearly says Maverick
>Did they just increase the price of the HD 800?Seems so, US senn site shows $1600.
>tfw finally becoming part of the k7xx master race
>tfw you probably post this in every thread, and still nobody cares
>clearlyfocus is not subjective
K712 hereacoustic music sounds great on these badboys
>2015>not having cheap ass headphones
>Nagisa waifuI like you.
M50's really aren't that bad if you enjoy a bassy sound signature. For the full price the m50x's are bad though. Around 100 and you're doing ok. They are uncomfortable as hell though.
i-i like y-you too...
I don't like you anymore, fuck off with your stuttering meme shit.
Ehh I got an LP2 and I think it's miles ahead of my HD 598 (who's only advantage is the cans clamp on significantly less, it's fabric pads feel softer especially after haircuts, lighter weight overall and I have to use EQ through my iPod to keep the highs from becoming too shrilly and giving me tinnitus).In ear monitors if your ears can handle them and you can maintain both your ears and the buds clean. Otherwise I would point you towards cans that emphasize on clean lows and mids especially given the music you prefer.
ATH-AD900X are good?Shit Fulla good?
Help me decide ? ? No memes please
Eyesight is
Shit Fulla is good for cutting things with
What headphones deliver de nigger bass around $100?
ath-m50
What would be a good replacement for ATH-M50's earpads? it's default one seems to break down within a 1-1.5years.
AD900X for best soundstage in it's price rangeHD558 for a warmer signature(HD598 and 558 are the same, you just need to remove a smal piece of foam from the HD558)
I think I recall the brainwavz pads fitting on them
Yes, I did too, I don't know why they make the connection end on the unit too small for the plug. It only makes sense you would plug it all the way in, right? Anyway, I sent it back and they repaired for free (just had to pay shipping). Oh, they also pointed out that I should have known the plug only needed to go halfway in, so next time JDS labs for me.
As a follow up to this, a mildly interesting product aimed at the Etymotics, the Wavelet Design Opus 1. Looks like a warmer tuned ER-4P with flatter bass, without the deep penetration. Maybe a bit too warm, but nothing some ER4S adapters won't fix.On a related note, why do all the measurements seem to be pouring out of South Korea?Their tuning seemed off for most of the models.
Are there any IEMs around the same SQ as my DT 880 (or better?) at a reasonable price, say sub $100?
Thanks, will look into it.
A quick google search shows they do. From my experience the velour pads are extremely comfortable but they probably wouldn't be the best choice for the kind of headphone ATH-M50 are
>Budget$200 NZD. I can go higher, but I would rather spend around this much.>SourcePC (Realtek ALC892)>Requirements for IsolationNone really.>Preferred Type of HeadphoneFull size>Preferred tonal balanceThat doesn't bother me too much>Past headphonesATH-M50, FA-003 Rebrand>Preferred MusicElectronic (yes that's vague), JPop, but also for watching anime>LocationNew Zealand. Getting shit shipped here from overseas is normally expensive as fuck.I used to live in a noisy as fuck place, so I required headphones with a lot of isolation, but now I live somewhere a lot quieter, so I would like to try something a lot more open.I also want something very comfortable, because I would be wearing them for long periods of time.
oh shit bruh u really mad
You can import ad900x from japanese amazon for 150$ total.
Why not sell off one of the closed headphones?Same SQ? No IEM will sound that much like the DT880, but what should the IEM sound like?
I didn't mean the signature but just the level of detail. I guess I'd prefer neutral since these are already a little v-shaped
Stick with m50, they're the best for your preferences.
You'd be hard pressed to find anything better than the Jaycar rebrand at that price point. I'm an NZfag as well and I shelled out $300NZD for the DT 880 with shipping
I figure the HF5 with the ER4S-like adapter from ebay or someplace.
>Why not sell off one of the closed headphones?I still use the ATH-M50s because they're nice portable headphones. They're good for short sessions like when I'm walking to class and whatnot. They aren't viable at all for sitting at a computer though.I don't think the FA-003 rebrand would be worth particularly much.They're far too uncomfortable. See above.I use the FA-003 at my computer, but I kind of want to try something different.It's probably not worth shelling out that much money just for that though. I just wanted to know if anyone knew of anything good.It's a pain in the ass how expensive electronics are here.
There's a marketplace seller on Amazon who can ship the AD900X to NZ for about $217nzd all up, I can't say if the 500 or 700 would be an upgrade or sidegrade from the HM5 clones though but you could get those for even less.
Thanks man, that seems really good.
does the odac have 2 outputs to use at the same time 1 for my headphones 1 for my speakers?
I think the RCA version has RCA outputs and a line-out which you could just run a 3.5mm to RCA out of but I don't know how well it works feeding two different amps at once
Isn't everything from Aliexpress a bootleg?
more than one waifu will destroy your laifu
You can get the O2/ODAC combo with RCA line-outs, should work with powered speakers or as a pre for an amplifier.Or you can buy a Schiit Magni 2 Uber, cheaper and better than the O2.
>Kikuchi Momoko
get an xpt100 or an m40x if you want something that is actually close to neutral. I still think the v6 is better than both but they do need eq and you need to find your sweet spot in that regard. also consider that you're probably gonna want to replace the pads.
might take some later, but there's not much to it: take some material like cotton or even rolled up napkin, and stuff them into the undersides of the earpads, at the edge so they wont touch the ears or cover any part of the driver. you can do this all around to get more space or only in one spot to get a better seal. for example I often get a gap near my jaw line that fucks up the seal on closed headphones, doing this can fix that if I pad more towards the bottom. you can even angle the drivers a bit by stuffing the back, that and the driver being further from the ear will enhance the sense of space.
you are aware there are headphone that are "easy to drive", in that they get plenty loud, but sound better with an amp, right?
>Or you can buy a Schiit Magni 2 Uber, cheaper and better than the O2.[citation needed]
I want to buy some more expensive headphones *for poorslavshit* for about 200$, they'll be driven by alc1150 from my motherboard.I'm thinking about akg k612, bacause i like warm sound, and alot of bass to be honest.Are there other options? I can also buy amp/dac if this will fit this 200$
That usually has to do with impedance mismatch.
Don't visit that shitty site unless you are knowledgeable enough to filter through all the bullshit.
Thanks!Anyone els got some input? 
Why is there >1 young lady in the Waifu section of your screen?
Because he is a heretic
Should we update the OP guide images?
I'll answer 3.) for  .Absolutely not.> having a waifu with large breasts AND shitty trigger disciplineFucking fake-ass /k/ommando.
I might suggest the DT880 & O2/ODAC setup. If you want to... be aware that any amp that is more overpriced than this is just Bayformers snake oil.
What would be a price/performance tube amp equivalent of an O2?Ideally I'd just like to tube roll and get what I like later on but I still need a base amp that performs good on its own.I was looking at some Little Dots and Bravos before
> lolumadYeah, fuck off.
I was looking for a cheap headphone for gaymen (open soundstage with good positioning, not too bass heavy) in addition to a much more expensive headphone for music listening (yet to be acquired), instead of trying to get 1 set of cans that can do everything because that seems like a complete dead end.The Superlux HD681 (€20 - €25) and HD668B (€30) caught my eye.Are they comfortable? Good for vidya?The HD668B is apparently a bit more bass heavy, but how much so? Would it still be good for competitive gaming (not that I do that a lot, I mostly play Red Orchestra 2)? I imagine the extra bass might be more immersive so it can be a plus too, as long as it doesn't hurt the soundstage too much.
bump
So I'm a total noob in headphones. I'm thinking I will go with Sennheiser HD429 or HD419 here in czech rep. is a great deal on them right now for like $35, I'm wondering if it's worth to go for the 429 since it's like $10 more. I like rich bass btw. (love my porta pro)
Not everything, you need to be careful on there though. Just check the seller reviews before buying.
Hey guys, sorry if this has been asked a lot but I'm new on /g/. What are your thoughts on the ATH M50x? I can get them for 50$, almost mint state
lurk more
they are not great in absolute terms but for 50$ they are a steal
These are my current headphones (Sennheiser HD449), am I going a step further?These were great imo but after 2 years I can only hear from the left side
Have any of you guys tried the Status HD? Seems like a steal at $49.
I dislike asking to be spoonfed but even after reading the stuff in the OP I'm still pretty unsure of what to buyDoes sennheiser really have that bad build quality? I read it in a lot of reviews on their headphonesI'm considering the Sony MDRV6, MDR7506 and AKG K240, but as I said I'm really not sure>Budgetup to 200EUR>SourcePC/motherboard>Requirements for IsolationSome>Preferred Type of Headphoneover-ear>Preferred tonal balanceI guess balanced>Past headphonesJack&Jones, don't prosecute me, I didn't even buy them myself>Preferred MusicMostly electronic I guess, but also stuff like jpop, metal, classic and touhou remixes/etc, I don't really have a preferred music genreAlso for watching chinese cartoons and some gaming>LocationGermany
Anyone used these before?http://www.jaybirdsport.com/bluebuds-x-bluetooth-headphones/Reviews seem fairly positive. Looking for something Bluetooth for the gym.
1964 V3 or JH5 Pro. The former has a slight V-shaped sound signature while the latter is warm-sounding, like a supercharged Shure SE-215.
Did Sennheiser just jack up the price of the HD800 again?
Why wouldn't they?Sennheiser has successfully brainwashed thousands of people into believing that HD 800 are the best headphones in existence.
It is the best. Hard to accept I know but that's how it is.
I'm contemplating buying hd 600 and O2+ODAC, this probably a dumb question but should I be getting a soundcard aswell?
No. You will be connecting the ODAC to your PC via USB. The soundcard will do nothing
That's what I thought, just wanted to be sure.
I'm more inclined to blame STAX and Audez'e for starting the trend of this insane flagship pricing. The HD800 at $1400/1600/1700 look like a fucking bargain compared to $4500 SR-009 or $2500 LCD-3.
this
Indeed.
I don't dislike IEMs, but I find circumaural headphones to sound more natural overall, with a greater sense of space. They're also more comfortable. I generally only use IEMs when out of the house, and in those scenarios I can't really justify spending over $100, considering they could easily be lost or damaged. There is also the issue that alot of the nicer IEMs are more difficult to get in the ear, which negates the convenience of them somewhat. Plus is it even worth it to get super detailed sound when you're out and about? with ambient noise and things to do, I personally don't pay as much attention to the music as if I were just sitting at my desk.
I feel this way about most of my headphones, but the v6 most of all. there is something about it that brings out the best in music, metal especially, while remaining balanced if not totally accurate.>tfw you fell for the v6 meme
K7XX is selling at massdrop right now for the next couple days for $200
the k612 is "warm", but it doesn't have "a lot of bass". to give a proper recommendation I need some point of reference, what is lots of bass to you?I use the 668b for CSGO and love it. The bass gives a nice oomph to gun shots while the clarity in the high-end renders things like footsteps, pulling grenade pins etc. with excellent precision. I find my other headphones sound a bit muffled for these sounds in comparison, even my 598 which gets recommended for gaming alot. comfort is good enough for me, not as good as a 598 but not uncomfortable. The soundstage is also excellent. You'll probably want to change the pads though (I use k240 velour), also an amp makes the bass better, gives it more impact.
Welp, so much for Golden EarsDidnt want them anyway...
It's not that warm, nor does it have a lot of bass. I'd figure the midrange might give you some trouble without EQ.They don't have to be hard to insert into the ear, many IEMs sell themselves on the shallow fit. The high isolation counters the ambient noise and being damaged is something that can happen to any headphone device.I do appreciate the circumaural fit better for being very quick to take off, and I don't appreciate that IEMs tend to sound even more in the head than headphones already do.STAX was always super-niche before, and I do remember a lot mixed reception to the 2k pricing of the LCD-3.
Massdrop just put  Phillips L1 up for $100
Who cares?
Why is outlook such a useless piece of shit?Something as simple as email filtering they can't even do right...
Why not use gmail?
i do.Have several accounts
Favorite Telegramm Sticker pack?Mine is one containing some austrian politicians https://telegram.me/addstickers/politiker
H.C. Strache?Der kann mir mal die Wurstsemmel lutschen.#VSV #blau4life
Old thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/Private_trackersHow to get into private trackers (and survive): http://pastebin.com/ecGRiQhk (HTTP)What.CD Interview Notes: http://pastebin.com/dWBU7ZXs (HTTP)https://www.whatinterviewprep.com/Use https://boards.4chan.org/g/#s=ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ threadRemember the following:>staff read these generals and have posted here before. >staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangers>people report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.>most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a faggot. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
unarchived > archived
Second for Ida is a qt
Truth
Objectively correct.
>bothering with private trackers when news groups are inherently superiortop kek
>paying for something that can be affected by DMCA takedownslol
xth for spaghetti is now a lighthearted hitler
ayo, is the guy with the karagarga.net invites still here? I missed him in the the other thread.how do I into /karagarga/ invite?
I'll take itIf someone finds me a good kawaii hitler image I'll totally set it as my avatar
Get gud or enter btn/what
Why archive these shit threads anyway?
You've come to the right place friend.
Not what he was referring to
hmm... whats the easiest way to enter what?
i got invited by a /g/ brah. I invited some /g/ and /tv/ people, and look what it got me. some people just wanting to go into the store to check it out and not getting anything
Read the OP
K my mistake I'll take my leave
post your top 10filmsmoviescinemakinoflicksif i like your lists i will invite you
anyone want a #rare #exclusive pic of totv's invite forum
No. Fuck off.
invite me plz
Great, now they're discussing archives on oppai too.
Tenkuu, StylinGreymon and Kamrusepas confirmed for /a/, /g/ normies pls go.
you're just jealous of all these sitessnet ;
I'm staying the hell away from that discussion.
Its not like we expect that rookie site to have any invite threads.
>muh IOPSyou'd get banned
Keked
for real though, I only joined yesterday but I'm liking it so far (and will probably recruit there in the future, when we get our own shit sorted out)
Forbidden Content• fantasy (drawn / animated) bestiality in drawn / animated content allowed• fantasy (drawn / animated) snuff (death, necrophilia, serious injury) in drawn / animated content allowed• warning: bestiality / zoophilia / snuff in live action content remains banned• documentaries are banned unless specifically allowed by staff. Ask staff before uploadingAww shiiit I fucking love this tracker
That spaghetti or whatever will just shit out warns because people disagree with his shitty opinion
>making a thread about private trackers>unironically garnering attention toward said trackers>being this fucking stupid
I joined it as well. It's software could be the future of trackers. Sadly, it doesn't actually have the TV I wanted to download (Miami Vice)
Good, all these archive fags will go the fuck away.
Yes oh god what if you get warned? Then what will you do? You won't be able to ascend the useless user classes for a whole number of days and uh, nothing else.
but I don't want to download music, I WANT RARE FILMS BREH. If I make a what account I have to download stuff and upload or keep a good seed ratio, then ask around for a KG invite.ugh, such a hassle to get invited there.
Nigga i've been seeing you post that pic on /tv/ since like december kek
It is a universal sign that the staff thinks your post is against the rules. By doing that the retard makes clear he does not care about them and will bend it as he pleases. What if someone keeps posting? Will he be banned?
dude, what the fuck. I've been trying to join that site for the longest. Hook me up bruh!
Then do somehting else. No one will spoonfeed you.
true.Does KG host interviews?
Fight the bourgeoisie sysop regime Anons.
>It is a universal sign that the staff thinks your post is against the rulesNot on Oppaitime. We just call you names here and ruffle your feathers a bit. It ain't reddit where we're gonna ban dissenting opinions, but we're also not "no fun allowed".And (unrelated) we will totally ban untasteful shitposting. Don't try that under the guise of an opinion.>What if someone keeps posting? Will he be banned?NoI mean, unless they're posting some really retarded shit.Pretty much no though.
no

Banned is his title. He isn't banned
i'm even more mad that the latest one is actually from WCD cuz he messaged me recently.
In all these months those fags haven't fixed their shit or even downloaded wtf. I think you only had like 5 invitees back then. Don't even know why they ask for an invite if they don't have storage or something, it's like those poorfags sitting on a PTP account and not doing anything.

>It's software could be the future of trackersAgreeI noticed a bunch of similarities between what their own software is like and the ideas I had for a project our team are going to be starting soon (could suck since we'll probably get shit over not being 'original', but it should turn out well either way)
what's even MORE worse is the sitewide freeleech there was in december, i even messaged them all.
Fuck off, faggot. Nobody is going to invite you to KG.
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
What do you think you're accomplishing?
whats a solid tracker that one can get into from WCD for TV? I noticed freshon closed its invite thread. I think it's time for me to graduate from IPT.
BTN
I haven't had my accoutn for six months quite yet unfortunately. Maybe I'll just stick with IP until then.
Wait it out then because nobody gives a fuck about anything TV-related except BTN. BTN is god-tier for TV. Only thing it's missing is old, very obscure TV that you can find on TV Vault.
Sounds good. Thanks for the help doug.
Honeypot generalenjoy getting ratted out to the feds when your private tracker is brought down
>your*you'refixed that for you anon
If you want a movie I'll mega it for you.
Baraka, BD untouched
Anyone know how to get into TorrenTGui? TTG for short, one of the biggest Chinese trackers, home of the Wiki team.I have the holy trinity, but I was surprised to not find a thread on the invites forum in what.cd
>43.7 GBNO. I offer to do a good deed and you come up with this shit. Imagine the beggar under the traffic light asking for a 100 when I open my wallet to give him a 5.
well meme'd
Judge Judy: Justice Served please? Thanks anon.
hehe, what about the 11GB one?
>tfw almost master on BTNOnly 5 days worth of bonus points to go. Shame invites are still disabled. This is the last rank up I can achieve anywhere without having to upload new torrents.
you wouldnt have bp to win the auction on invites anyways
What's the best tracker for software?
Is there any hope to get in to a private tracker other than TD/IPT? I got a seedbox and 15 ratio on fucking IPT
isn't master just another shitty sub-forum?
how do i send a file from my seedbox to mega?
https://github.com/megous/megatools
Yes, yes it is.
>Baraka, BD untouchedWhat a douchebag.
Any recently-joined BTN members out there? Can you tell me how long it took to get your invite from the recruiter after you PM'd him?
I don't need torrents. I'm not a nigger, plebeian, or a thief.
Sent, reported and added to spam crawlers ;)
Is WCD the only way to get into the better private trackers? I've been idling in the BB invite channel for days now and interviewers don't seem to exist. Are there any other trackers with open signups that eventually have invite threads for the higher-tier trackers?
>Is WCD the only way to get into the better private trackers?Yes>I've been idling in the BB invite channel for days now and interviewers don't seem to exist. Sometimes it takes a lot of time, you just need to leave the window open while you do your stuff.>Are there any other trackers with open signups that eventually have invite threads for the higher-tier trackers?I doubt it.
Alrighty, guess I'll start studying those WCD interview notes. Thanks.
Good luck! it's really not that hard.
pls join what if you have something to contributeno huehuehue's or curryniggers pls
I have nothing to contribute, and I'm not really interested in torrenting music. Like at all. But since what is effectively the only way to get into the decent trackers, I'll have to pretend to care for a while.
what a twat of a personmonkey man honkey basterd
>Is WCD the only way to get into the better private trackers? I've been idling in the BB invite channel for days now and interviewers don't seem to exist.Just keep trying. It's an easier interview than the What.cd interview and you're going to have to wait even longer in line for an interview at What.cd.
>I have nothing to contribute, and I'm not really interested in torrenting music. Like at all. But since what is effectively the only way to get into the decent trackers, I'll have to pretend to care for a while.If you don't give a shit about music, don't take the What interview, because it's hard to survive on What once you get in after the long ass wait for the interview. If I were you, I'd keep trying for bB because once you find an interviewer, the interview is much easier than What's interview and you will be able to get into a lot of trackers much more easily by gaining ratio on movies, tv, etc. If I remember correctly, the best times are weekend afternoons US time, and weekday evenings US time.
>The art of misdirection >muh secret club level 10000do they really believe magic is real or something ?
4 hours ago, x264.me opened official recruitment on bB.Is it worth joining?
I usually refer to http://filesharingtalk.com/what-trackers-offer/?sort=overall&order=desc
That doesn't really tell me anything new. Does anybody have experience on x264.me?Might be good for internals, but I'm not sure.
It's worth joining if you're interested in 576p encodes, apart from that there's not much point in joining if you have access to either TehConnection, PTP, HDBits or A-HD.
Sounds like shit then. I'll avoid it. Thanks.
What's objectively the best designed private tracker, regardless of content?
Didn't want to make my own thread, so I'll ask here.I haven't used Torrents in years, but I need to download some game files.What's the go to bloat-free torrent client nowadays? I heard uTorrent went to shit.
Just use uTorrent 2.2.1 build 25302. It's the only uTorrent worth using and the only good Windows client.
Thanks.
What.CD?
Does anyone have a list of what trackers do internals for what groups?
brosted I would really appreciate a KG invite send me a message to this emailewbb8@notsharingmy.infoand I will send you all my ratio proofs before you send me an invite.
You can google that.
>15 ratio on iptaww babby
Which torrent software do you guys use for seedboxes? I'm running Transmission right now, but thinking of switching to rTorrent+ruTorrent because it's prettier... thoughts?
>not having any ratio because you only snatched freeleches
Using rTorrent on mine, because it has good plugin support and handles large numbers of torrents (>1000) well.
Using rtorrent+rutorrent with 519 torrents on a kimsufi ks-2 atm. runs pretty well
Is there anything I should avoid torrenting if I don't want to get sued, other than HBO shit?
Where were you when Kubuntu died?https://skitterman.wordpress.com/2015/05/26/i-think-i-may-be-done/
what did that faggot expect when he constantly bashed Canonical?Canonical should have dropped Kubuntu completely when they stopped supporting it years ago instead of letting another company use its trademark and provide support.
Kubuntu Council wants to fight it:http://jriddell.org/2015/05/26/reaffirmed-on-the-kubuntu-council/
i use mint kdeubuntu has been going downhill forever though. i'll be surprised if it still exists in 10 years, maybe even 5
blogspam is on it:http://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2015/05/kubuntu-project-lead-asked-to-step-down-by-ubuntu-community-council
you are using Kubuntu, retard!Adding one additional repo and installing some codecs by default doesn't change the fact that for 99.9% you are just using Kubuntu.
uh... no? it's two different things. just because they're both ubuntu with kde, it doesn't mean they're the same. HURR DURR
Mint is using the same Ubuntu packages and even piggybacks Canonical's repos. If Ubuntu dies, so does Mint.
thought you meant kubuntu and mint kde. even still, ubuntu dying in 5-10 years doens't mean mint will die as well. there's plenty of time for them to adapt. they also have mint based on debian. you're just buttmad
you have no idea how big the Ubuntu dev community is and how small the Mint one is. >they also have mint based on debian.that's already at its second try and the first one was utter disaster and showed how clueless they are. they can't even build their own debian packages but franken-repack debian's.
* has been overly aggressive and confrontational in his communication,both in private with the CC and in public* has not been responsive to multiple calls for moderation in thiscommunication* has not accepted the findings and conclusions from the CC, eventhough he was the one who requested them from us* has taken private communications public when he did not like the waythey went* has knowingly misrepresented the statements and positions of others* made accusations about the integrity and honesty of members of thecommunity* made accusations of apathy against the CC, in blatant disregard tothe time and energy he knows we have been putting into the issue heraises* has been disrespectful towards the CC and Canonical in both privateand public communication* has abused his leadership position to cause divisions within thecommunity, rather than uniting itone of us?
gas the kikesdistro war now
Interesting post OP. I don't use kubuntu. But good for him. For not being a tool.
right call in removing him, see:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZSli7QW4rg
>using kde>using a distro for people to stupid to apt-get install a de
They need to cease and decease Kubuntu
If he leaves there is only a crippled Kubuntu left, I mean Jonathan is Kubuntus creator and developer for a decade.Most of the team will also quit with him, there is no doubt about that.
A good day for Debian and their KDE team.
using a distro for people to stupid to apt-get install a deseems like you are one of those to be too stupid to do that. you should use tasksel not apt-get for installing DEs.anyway it's really convenient to have DE flavors instead of manually selecting that at install.
If Kubuntu falls, where else should I turn for a solid integrated KDE desktop? Mageia?
Kubuntu is basically Debian's KDE team, so no.
i dont even use shitbuntuhttps://help.ubuntu.com/community/Tasksel>Usage (alternative)>Examples:>sudo apt-get install ubuntu-desktop^dank
HAHAHAH, all this because Jonathan asked few hard questions about Canonicals GPL policies and commitment to FOSS, I bet they found out the answers weren't so nice regarding Canonical and their position.
who do you think maintains the KDE packages in Ubuntu, retard?
commercial distros everyone, remember next time you consider fedora
sure, there's a tasksel subroutine in apt-get (notice the caret) but it's not really the same and not recommended.p.s. here's the proper Debian documentation:https://wiki.debian.org/tasksel#Desktop_environment
Red Hat wouldn't have purged him but made up a new more powerful position for some Red Hat employee.
Yes, but I'm talking about rebasing Kubuntu as a distro on Debian, that is the path this will lead if Canonical doesn't budge.Ofc it wouldn't be Kubuntu anymore, perhaps Kebian?
It's pretty much over for Ubuntu and its offshoots.  Ubuntu basically wants to be Microsoft GNU/Linux with all its insecurities and AIDS, and it's not worth using any more given that there are so many other easy to use distros that are so much better than Ubuntu and its derivitives.And if you're in any way experienced with GNU/Linux, if you're not using Arch, you should be.
Kubuntu council changed their constitution(no diff, so no idea what) and voted to keep Jonathan at the helm.http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2015/05/26/%23kubuntu-devel.html
until now, he's moving to debian>if you're not using Arch, you should be.lol, it's so weird nobody but 1 kernel dev gives a fuck about arch like all the /g/ pros
well, Kubuntu devs already maintain most of their packages in Debian proper when possible, because it's upstream for Ubuntu. that's what most Ubuntu packagers do anyway.Debian does have a different release cadence than Ubuntu and Debian leads were against making their own Ubuntu-like releases because there's already Ubuntu.>until now, he's moving to debiannope, he already was a Debian Developer since a long time.
Their loss.
>lol, it's so weird nobody but 1 kernel dev gives a fuck about arch like all the /g/ prosyou know about what kernel devs give even less fucks? old kernel releases! they solely live in mainline.
you know about what kernel devs give even less fucks? stock kernels from some amateur's repo!
nope, you can report issues running an arch kernel just fine. Canonical otoh needs those mainline PPAs and kernel devs didn't even accept their stable kernels as official because they are not maintained by people from the kernel community.
how do i install debian and what debian version and image filesize do i use. Im sick of being jerked around by these proprietary software loving fucktards
>Debian has less drama than Ubuntutop kek
install funtoo
>remember Ubuntu being able to deliver because it didn't have any Debian dramas.
Ubuntu still does tho.but people are more vocal against Canonical's opinionated choices now
you mean the drama queens who left gentoo and are paranoid about systemd?no thanks.
Devuan is what you want.
it's a dead projecti don't want dead.
https://twitter.com/shitdevuansaysThis is your everyday Devuan user. Just... don't.
>Ubuntu CC removes some asshole>asshole just says accusations 'not true'>asshole wins internet argument
>* has taken private communications public when he did not like the way they went>totally not truetop kek
it was more about trademarks and someone being clueless. big surprise: Canonical regards its trademarks the same way as Mozilla or Red Hat: modify Ubuntu and still want to call it Ubuntu: get approval, otherwise don't call it Ubuntu.
>Kubuntu council changed their constitution(no diff, so no idea what) and voted to keep Jonathan at the helm.first Jonathan claimed to have no leadership role from which he could be removed and now this.
>Jonathan's masterplanmove most kde packages to debiantroll canonical till they have to actbe the victimuse that to convince kubuntu devs to rebase on debian
> rebase on debian> plasma 5 on stretchits happening
Wait till the Ubuntu IPO happens, a lot of Ubuntu respins will be cast aside to focus all effort on Ubuntu itself.
are you implying that flavors aren't a pure community effort and Canonical does anything for them aside infrastructure? that's obv utter bullshit.
would u kindly fuck off back into orbit mark
/g/ WINS AGAIN
Can't you just use Ubuntu server for a HTPC anyway?
so part of Kubuntu devs like Scott Kitterman want to leave for Debian, while others like the rest of the Kubuntu Council likes to fight the Ubuntu CC decision.ignoring the issue at hand about distributing Ubuntu binaries, Riddell's tone sounds very trollish:https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-community-team/2015-May/000422.html>Claiming binaries can not be freely redistributed is an insult to the thousands of upstream developers who do own the copyright to the works we package and distribute.>Claims that somehow we don't care about derivative distributions and are happy to restrict them are frankly scary.>I'm at a loss on how to proceed on this matter as the community council seems unconcerned at the problem and Canonical is happy to carry on perpetrating the myth.LWN also on it now:http://lwn.net/Articles/645973/
>community>COMMUNITY>COMMUNITY COMMUNITY COMMUNITY>VOICE OF REASONDo they forgot that there is another world beyond this that actually has a community, such as reality?
>kubuntu council>KUBUNTU COUNCILPlease step aside, for the lord has asked of us to lend an ear...you got to be fucking yanking my dick...who the fuck, Marty...
>KDEaaand nothing of value was lost
Does this kind of infighting happen often in the Linux community? Might be a reason why it has no fighting chance against Windows and OSX.
>Where were you when Kubuntu died?Using Windows with everyone else, I'm sure all 5 linux users will attend the funeral though.
>Does this kind of infighting happen often in the Linux community?Every single day for the past 20 years.You know that Vi(m) vs Emacs? It's been going on since the early 1980's.Quite literally millions upon millions of hours of possible development time has been wasted on this one subject alone.
Funeral of what? Some sidekick of a derivative distro that preinstalls shit people can set up themselves? Big fuckin deal
Despite all this infighting, KDE is still a more usable desktop than Windows and OSX.Ironic huh?
Who the fuck is using Kubuntu after KDE4?
KDE5 is just an improved KDE4.
The issue is that KDE4 sucks hard, and most of the bullshit is still in KDE5. Anyway, does Kubuntu 15.04 have KDE5?
>KDE4 sucks hardAs opposed to?
Gnome2, XFCE, hell even Gnome3
Because?
tl;dr?
Bloated, unstable the last time I tried it
So is kubuntu kill?  I was thinking of moving from xubuntu to kubuntu until LXQT. Any thoughts?
I was under the impression that kde5 was more modular. that parts like neopumuk(?) coulo be removed without breaking the whole DE.
So he was against extra restrictions on binary packages and he gets removed by Canonical under the guise of "Community Council". Usual corporate bullshit
I was right here using Fedora and not giving a shit about anything Ubuntu related.
no one cares about Fedora either
No.
>no one cares about Fedora eitherLots of people care about Ubuntu. Lots of people care about Fedora. I said I, as in myself and me don't give shit about buntu.
Feels good knowing Fedora is maintained by mature professionals.
yeah, cool. Still worth checking out what Matthew Miller himself says about Fedora and why latest Fedora things happen.
Why does it not surprise me that he is talking about gentoo?
What?
What is /g/ developing today?>IRC Channel#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: https://www.rizon.net/chat>Where to starthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JilfXmI2IjQ [Embed]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXqs6X0lzKI [Embed]>Learning materialhttps://www.codecademy.com/https://www.bento.io/https://programming-motherfucker.com/https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.mdhttps://www.theodinproject.com/>Frontend developmenthttps://github.com/dypsilon/frontend-dev-bookmarks>Backend developmenthttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_web_application_frameworkshttps://gist.github.com/dypsilon/5819528>Useful toolshttps://pastebin.com/q5nB1Npt/https://libraries.io/ - Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.>NEET guide to web dev employmenthttps://pastebin.com/4YeJAUbT/>How I Got a Job in Web Developmenthttp://elliotec.com/how-i-got-a-job-in-web-development/
So I'm working on this old guy's website and the old admin did some funny stuff. There is a custom CMS and a directory with log-in history. I think the guy made a mistake with concatenation with the php script because it logs the password obscurely in plaintext when the log-in fails. So if you fail the log in, I can figure out the incorrect password. What's funny is that the guy messed up his username while trying to log in so it gave me his correct password haha.
I sent my CV, cover letter and links to 5 sites that I coded to a digital agency that are looking for a junior front end dev last week. On Thursday they sent me a technical challenge to complete a homepage in 3 hours using bootstrap and for extra credit to embed a google map with custom icon,add a bunch of animations, and add a bunch of checkboxes that dynamically update a string in a h1 tag of how many checkboxes you've ticked.They got back to me today and said they won't pursue my application further.What do these companies want in a junior? I thought what I did in 3 hours was more than acceptable. Should I have not used a css animation library and jQuery?
Holy shit eclipse is bad.Is there any reason why I can't just use a text editor?
SQL is webdev. 
Nah dude, I guess you're right here. They can't expect too much by a junior dev.I don't think they didn'tn't take you because you didn't fulfill the requirements, I guess they just found someone who fulfilled them better.
HOLY SHIT, I FUCKING HATE CSS SO MUCH.
How long had you been coding for, just curious? Also, could you give more details on what they wanted you to do on the site? That blows man, should've had the job
whatchu tryin 2 figure out homie
What are you making/what language? I use regular Sublime 3, but I use Node.js
Use Netbeans it is pretty good or Sublime it's all up to you what you prefer.You will learn to love it like you will learn to love the D
I'm starting learning tomorrow. What I wanna do is itemize a list of skills that I need to grab, at least in a beginner level, before I consider myself "good enough" to apply for junior job openings.My main focus will be JavaScript (Angular?) and Node. What else should I know besides that?So far my list has:HTML, CSS, JavaScript, git, MEAN, some familiarity with the command line and tools, algorithms (I heard Khanacademy has an algorithms course using JavaScript, sounds fun) and design patterns.What am I missing?
I hate projects with jquery ui. shit always blows into my face, adds millions of classes and elements, always makes problems after updates.
css is great, don't be like that
When learning Angular you should go for TypeScript also.
You are going backend, correct?You have pretty much what I would put on a list. With Node.js, make sure you look into Express as well. Framework for Node that makes it much better to develop in the long run
So I'm using a php framework for the first time ever, it's called slim and I'm using this along Twig template(I never used a template system like twig)..and holy shit this is awesome. It's like using bootsrap but for phpThe problem I see is that there are not to many tutorials teaching me how improve my php skills using slim, so I'm asking you, do you know a php framework that is more or less easy to learn and has a shit ton of tutorials/guides/youtube videos/whatever?>inb4 "laravel 5". I don't know, that shit seems way above my knowledge.Also how do I organize my project using MVC pattern? Between using slim, bootstrap, sass(scss is for faggets) and gulpJs, my folder structure is pretty fucked at the moment
Yep, backend. Although companies who use node ask for either a frontend guy with node familiarity or a full stack.I'm planning to be able to work remotely by the end of the year. My fallback solution, if my node attempt gets shot down, will be to learn php.
You seem to be going for what most would go for. Just learn what you have on your todo list. You will eventually stumble upon technology while learning (I found Jade by accident, and its my favorite template system)
So, has Laravel finally made php developers out of their ostracism by the rest of the web dev community?
You are missing PHP and SQL
Also, Wordpress and bootstrap
see I'm leaving them last as fallback scenario.
Pretty much. Though you still might get hate from some
I would start with Front end HTML CSS first then Javascript,PHP,SQL, and lastly Wordpress and Bootstrap
Yep, that's how it'll go.
On and off about two yearsThat's all they said was build a homepage within three hours using bootstrap.For extra points it needed a responsive slider (I used owl carousel for this), user driven animations (I used wow.js and amimate.css) and a custom Google map (I used the Google map Api for this).I've spoken to a few friends who are senior debs and they seem to think they want to hire a medium level Dev at a junior level salary
Thats what it sounds like. Pretty shitty that happened, but some companies are like that. Keep trying, and you will find one soon enough.What city are you located in? Im curious
Capitalist pigs!Anyway I have another year left of my studies, I was going to leave and start working as the general consensus is that most people in web Dev are self taught anyway. Nevermind, I'll hopefully get a mid level job by the time i finish studying next year
Most Web devs are, but a lot of companies want a  CS degree, which is a piss off because I know a bunch of CS people who cant do any type of programming, and have a better chance than I do because of the degree
Any good resources to properly learn PHP? I checked plebbit's PHP sub but they claimed that the FAQ is outdated.
Don't judge them from what they ask on the job posting. If you're good they'll take you.
http://careers.stackoverflow.com/jobs/82138/backend-developer-javascript-nodejs-carbonmade?searchTerm=node.jsThe face of autism.
Possible stupid question : why is angular a thing? Surely you'd want to use a backend framework like express that can link to a cms and a database to input new data rather than hard code it into angular.Example : I own a restaurant. I need to add new dishes to my menu. If the site is using angular, then all my dishes are in a controller that has been input by a Dev. To change that I have t have a working knowledge of angular and a text editor to add more dishes. If I had a backend Mvc framework that can communicate with a database ten I can add new dishes to the database using a gui cms interface.Have I misunderstood something or is this how it is?
;_;
this and php7. still wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole, but whateveroh god>Have I misunderstood somethingI think you did
I've been thinking of getting into webdev, I know c# a bit since before. Is ASP.net a viable framework to go with? I know C#, SQL. Thought I'd pick up html,css,javascript and build something with that.
last part for yes, asp.net mvc
For your example, proper usage of angular would be to retrieve the list of dishes from your backend and display it on the HTML page, possibly filtering or sorting them while doing so. You should not store the list of dishes itself within your frontend.In short, yeah you kind of missed the entire point of angular
sass made css fun again for me. And I don't even know the fancy shit, I just use the includes and nesting.
use a preprocessor
Thanks for clearing that up for me.In the codecademy tutorial they get you to put the product details in the controller on the front end which I thought was odd.So angular is all about sorting / formatting / displaying data on the front end?I'm guessing you need a small amount of knowledge of the backend to fully use angular to the best of its abilities?
>So angular is all about sorting / formatting / displaying data on the front end?Angular is specifically about simplifying the process of binding data you retrieve from a backend to your HTML page, specifically tailored for use in SPAs.>I'm guessing you need a small amount of knowledge of the backend to fully use angular to the best of its abilities?Generally speaking you should at least know how to communicate with a backend.
>a small amount of knowledge of the backendI'm currently building a service that will allow people to store small amounts of data online without having to deal with setting up a database etc.I'm using that for my smarthome to store the temperature and the humidity without having to setup a database only for that, I'm using the API I built. So theoretically, one doesn't necessarily need backend knowledge (although it's advised).
Does anyone have a working example of 3D text with three.js?  Something that is only a few lines.  I can't seem to get it working.
>3D text with three.jshttp://threejs.org/examples/webgl_geometry_text.html
Yeah, that's the only working example I could get, but it's like 500 loc.  I condensed it down to the relevant parts and compared it to other examples, but it never works.
they don't fix the fundamental problems inherent to css
Nothing can fix it so you will have to get over it and use tools to at least make the job easier
There is nothing wrong with css
CSS is the PHP of frontend development. Everybody hates it, but nobody can tell you why
I prefer PHP over Java
This.
I think Java is the most retarded programming language out of all of those ones I have tried. I have done Javascript, PHP, SQL, Bash scripting, Ruby, Java, and Python. Java is just a big headache.
We're having to deal with it at university here. It's okay, it's only half a year. But still, I don't see any use in it. Even a friend of mine who actually is a Java fanboy suggested me to use Python or something else for everydayneeds scripting.
Yes, stay away from it I have done two courses on it at university it's stupid.
sup /wdg/ I'm gonna be honest here. I'm totally lost. I want to into webdev but there are so many options out there I have no idea where to start. I dabbled in Laravel and found it pretty cool, but when it comes to JS and all of it's frameworks and tools I have no idea. I want to learn how to make web apps that are modern (SPA, good visuals). What path should I take to be able to do this?Thanks guys
>web apps that are modernDo you have something in mind? At least for me it's usually the best to get into something but working towards a goal - in this case it would be a specific website I'd have in mind. That's how I started to webdev, I coded a specific module that was needed (nothing big, some office stuff).
Well I have a few ideas, nothing I really need to make but some challenging stuff for practice. An web IRC client or a video chat app would be my ultimate goal. What I mean by modern is apps that aren't just static pages with some dynamic stuff, a full application
Well, as a PHP webdev, I'd suggest PHP for the backend (or some easy service to get started) and bootstrap (when I started I concentrated on the backend, not frontend). Later then you'll get frustrated with bootstrap and write your own CSS stuff.At least that's how it went for me.>web IRC clientThat sounds like some live thing with sockets and shit. I don't know anything about node.js, but I guess it's worth a look if that's your goal.
Basically you're gonna want to master the fuck out of JS and all its concepts. You'll eventually discover things that are a bit of a pain or common tasks that you have functions for in every single application you make.When you realize you're copy-pasting your boilerplate functions between projects, you'll realize that there's probably a better way. That's what libraries are. See what good ones are in the mix and be amused by them, then pick a couple to learn (jquery and angular).Libraries are nice for when you want to quickly achieve a common/easily expressable goal in a language.Frameworks are one or more libraries/templates across one or more languages. For example, Bootstrap is a framework that boilerplates a ton of css and has a js library/clusterfuck.Frameworks are nice when you want to quickly achieve a common/easily expressable goal in an entire web application (normally at the cost of originality, but not always).A good way to practice is by making games, like tic-tac-toe, minesweeper etc. playable in the browser. That'll let you practice with states and MVC stuff that you'll use in your SPAs.I'm still growing a lot in these ways too
Ok this is great, thanks anonNow one more thing, what specific framework would be best to learn right now for general purpose development? I know Angular is common, but I also hear about React and others. I know that eventually a framework will be super important to my projects, so I want to master at least one.
Where do I put the "About"-Button?
slim is for small projects, i think it does provides a default views directory (templates/) but i'm just guessing. anything bigger than a SPA or a restful service requires a different approach.
I personally try to stick to projects backed by Google. So I'd say Angular. I'm about to jump ahead and start making Angular 2.0 apps for my online resume.There's a lot of reasons I don't like Google, but it's undeniable that coding projects they start tend to stick around.Both are really great and there's a few others, but my choice wasn't made so much on features, it was on future-proofing.
Yeah I get a bit nervous about relying on "random" code in my projects (I'm new to webdev but not to coding in general). I just read about people using laravel as their backend, which feeds into angular, what do you think about this kind of approach?
>relying on "random" code in my projectsAn investment that will pay off 100 times more than libraries/frameworks is learning about best practices/organization/structure. Seriously.I'm not saying you need to be perfect in your early applications, but you'll certainly trip yourself up during them, wondering what the best way to do something is when you notice your code is turning out messy. Remember that, and learn how others are setting their stuff up. This is something I regret not taking seriously early on.Libraries won't be able to help with this much, but they're still really nice. Laravel is correct for PHP, but remember that front- and back- end are completely different faces.In other words, don't code your back-end API to return data in a way that perfectly fits your front-end application. Make the API return the data in the way that's its most intuitive data structure, and your front-end application can sort it out for how it'll use it from there.Also if you're going to use libraries it's often neat to look at their code to see how they implement some of the features you like. It's just good to have that experience imo
At the top obviously.
Where exactly? Whereever I put it, it looks shitty.
Guys, honestly, is Meteor a meme? I've been dabbing in it and everything is so simple. What's the catch?
Good tips, thanks again. I'm using webstorm on osx right now and it works well, is anything else recommended or is it pretty much a matter of preference?
Matter of preference.Most people tend to use Sublime Text 3 as a text editor and GitHub for version control/collaboration, but beyond that basically whatever you want.Personally, my task runner is Grunt (task runners do stuff like minify, compile, compress, move etc depending on what tasks you set up for a project), my FTP client is FileZilla, and my stack is XAMPP (someone please recommend me a better way, i feel like a faggot still using this).
Try a little square button with a question mark instead of "About."
Welp that's a smart idea.I'm not that much of a frontend dev.
Yeah I actually want to know if this is legit or not
Sorta off topic, but why is there a web dev general and not a software dev general? Especially since /g/ is always like "hurr durr web dev is not real programming".
There is a few annoyances I have with it, but not as much as people seem to make it. Ive used it for so long that all my gripes with it are gone, but I can understand from a beginners perspective that it can be annoying
/dpt/ pretty much covers that, but I guess it could be useful to have one
I think this thread includes web designers too, and not just purely programming.
Sorta not answering your question but people seem to think that web development is grabbing a CMS and adding some widgets and sometimes or custom javascript.Other guys realize that using an MVC, adding routes, writing models is not programming.But people that have faced real challenges (not daily crap clients want) realize that in those cases web dev can turn into heavy shit programming.
I have a question I'm hoping someone may be able to help me with. I'm a second year Mechatronics Engineering student living with my parents, I've done a few general CS courses and have a rough grasp on things like Python and Pascal. Most of my experience is in C doing embedded system type stuff though.Having no experience in web dev at all, how reasonable of a goal is it for me to want to learn as much as I can in my spare time (about to have a few weeks off for mid year break) to be proficient enough to start looking to make some money by the end of the year? I'd like to supplement my shitty retail job with something that I actually enjoy and am challenged by, and something that may be worthy to put on my resume in the future.
That feeling when you've more or less finished another project after a night of coding.Aww fuck yiss now I'm gonna find a few betas and then I'll launch the page. Yess.If you have already some programming knowledge, there's a chance that you'll find a company that hires untrained webdevs. As a junior you wouldn't make a shitton of money, but only a few weeks won't make a difference there anyway.
Who typescript here?I'm hype as fuck for Ecmascript6
Vanilla or bust.
typescript is basically ecmascript6, which comes out in a month or two. so it's going to be vanillaalso good luck doing object oriented programming in js without the ease of being able to say "class", "extends" and "super"It's possible but having those key words makes things so much easier
what exactly do you want to learn?
It's really not hard typing "prototype" before a function.
but fatal bug appears and you shit yourself
Nah. The project is a one man simple project, any fatal problem can be fixed in an hour tops.
like this?function obj = {};obj.prototype.dicks = function(){ console.log("dicks"); };function ob2(parent){var that = {};for property in parent.prototypethat.prototype[property] = parent.prototype[property];return that;}cocks = new obj;morecocks = ob2(cocks);
What music do you listen to while you are "in the zone?"
or... this?function dicks(){this.dicks = "dicks";}function cocks(){that = this;function cocks(){parent = new dicks();for property in parent.prototypethat.prototype[property] = parent.prototype[property];}this.dicks = "I overwrote dicks.dicks";}
or this?<!doctype html><html><head><meta charset="utf-8"></head><body></body><script>function base(x, y){    this.x = x || 0;    this.y = y || 0;}base.prototype.func = function(){ console.log("func()"); };function child(x, y, speed){    for ( key in e = new base(x, y) )        this[key] = e[key];    this.speed = speed || 0;}se = new child(10, 20, 30);console.log(se);// child inherits base's prototype functionse.func();console.log("x: " + se.x + "\ty: " + se.y);</script></html>
I listened to this earlier:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_c3JUf6EOU
>function dicks(){>this.dicks = "dicks";>}Yes.function xyz(value1, value2, ...valuen){  this.X = value1;  this.Y = value2;  this.N = valuen;}var obj_xyz = [];  obj_xyz[0] = new xyz(a,b,...,n);
How about this?var __extends = this.__extends || function (d, b) {    for (var p in b) if (b.hasOwnProperty(p)) d[p] = b[p];    function __() { this.constructor = d; }    __.prototype = b.prototype;    d.prototype = new __();};var Animal = (function () {    function Animal(name) {        this.name = name;    }    Animal.prototype.move = function (meters) {        alert(this.name + " moved " + meters + "m.");    };    return Animal;})();var Snake = (function (_super) {    __extends(Snake, _super);    function Snake(name) {        _super.call(this, name);    }    Snake.prototype.move = function () {        alert("Slithering...");        _super.prototype.move.call(this, 5);    };    return Snake;})(Animal);var Horse = (function (_super) {    __extends(Horse, _super);    function Horse(name) {        _super.call(this, name);    }    Horse.prototype.move = function () {        alert("Galloping...");        _super.prototype.move.call(this, 45);    };    return Horse;})(Animal);var sam = new Snake("Sammy the Python");var tom = new Horse("Tommy the Palomino");sam.move();tom.move(34);
was transpiled into javascript from this typescript:class Animal {    constructor(public name: string) { }    move(meters: number) {        alert(this.name + " moved " + meters + "m.");    }}class Snake extends Animal {    constructor(name: string) { super(name); }    move() {        alert("Slithering...");        super.move(5);    }}class Horse extends Animal {    constructor(name: string) { super(name); }    move() {        alert("Galloping...");        super.move(45);    }}var sam = new Snake("Sammy the Python");var tom: Animal = new Horse("Tommy the Palomino");sam.move();tom.move(34);
this sucks
That would definitely be ideal, not too concerned about the money, more interested in learning through experience. I'll have a look into it, thanks man. Honestly I'm pretty new to this and know next to nothing about web dev. Any suggestions to get me started quickly?
https://gist.github.com/paragonie-scott/bbd0403a992d40e9c71aWorking on the outline/API for an extension I'm going to try to develop for PHP that creates a PDO-like cryptography interface.Motivation: if something happens to openssl or libsodium (like what happened to libmcrypt), developers aren't married to the old API.
(That gist is a preliminary outline, I'm writing a PHP-land implementation first.)
It's java some java that recently fell to me. Don't have problem with the terminal, just new to java and it seems eclipse is what everyone else is using here.
how? 
Dindu nuffin today. Watched two movies instead and god knows what I did with the other time I had.
I was thinking of getting into .NET and ASP.NET MVC but in Yuropoorland I see tons of PHP jobs that ask for Wordpress, Drupal etc.Also, the ASP.NET ones are rarely MVC and they ask for previous experience and degree. What do I do? I like C# syntax more than PHP but muh jobs...
Fuck it, PHP.
Java is the closest thing you wrote there to C++. The reason you hate it is probably because you are not that good of a programmer. Java is shit but I would choose it over Javascript, PHP, Ruby or Python anyday. SQL is a query langauge and it's obvious what bash is.
Do php jobs pay decently? Assuming someone with no experience besides personal projectsI don't want work with the beast that is Java EE/Spring/etc and php frameworks seem the next most popular thing
The same fucking thing I've been doing for the last two years, luckily I'm starting a new job in a month. Still webdev, but at least something different.>tfw thinking about going into embedded systems or something but no experience = way less monies and I can't afford that at the moment
embedded systems sound cool until you have to work with proprietary windows-only compilers attached to horrible windows xp era IDEs
I want to run multiple instances of my node+express app on my VPS, and depending on what domain the user visits, I want the corresponding express instance to serve the request.What's the best way of doing this?
God dammit I don't wanna be a PHP/Wordpress codemonkey on subpar salary and Visual Studio is pure sex.
Trying to learn some basics of Web Audio API.
They dont pay as well as they used to, or as high as some languages, but its still pretty good. Find some PHP jobs in a city near you, because they do change depending on where you are from
Footer, far-bottom in low-contrast font colorunless its real important
spring mvc
I made a little app with it for internal use and it's pretty good. I'd recommend it for things where the clients need to stay open and in sync with the server and each other all the time. Chats, status, group schedules, etc. Not for blogs or sales pages.There's for example clones of things like trello and slack, meteor makes them very simple to create, no need to do websockets and keep the dom updated by yourself.
Nginx
Also there's packages for working with postgres and mysql now if you think mongodb is a meme, haven't used them yet though.
I'm working on a manga reader project but I'm unsure how I'm gonna manage all the images of the pages. I have mysql PDO experience, the enviorment up and running from previous projects and it's what I'm most experienced with, but how terrible would it be if I just fetched images from disk instead? Are there some other database system I can use that's more suited for the task than a lot of blobs in mysql? Keep in mind it's being set up on a windows server.
Should I be using SASS to write my CSS? [spoiler]I just want a job and employers would probably prefer it, right?[/spoiler]
Yes. And you'll fall in love with it yourself, too. Nesting is sex.
>run script in FF>super slow>run script in chrome>super slow>run script in ubuntu web browser>lightning fast
Working on c# ans trying to connect an exel , an SQL and a google agenda , it's kinda hard
I've tried Ctrl+ Shift, Ctrl + Alt, Ctrl + Windows, nothing is working. How do I do this on Windows? [spoiler]Why is everything online for fucking Macs, who uses that shit?[/spoiler]
how do i make Gif like picture ralated work on mouse hover ?? .. im using HTML5 tamplete to try to learn how to make websites ,,, so far what i have found out that index.html is just about the words you see and main.css about the image and the design of the page ... i still don't have a clue what JQuery is about ... so what files i will need to edit to put a gif like this works when a user mouse hover ?
This thread seems pretty dead, but I'll take my chances and ask anyway.I'm in a big dilemma right now. Basically I have been working at this place for 5 years and it's sort of my first "real" job after graduating. But the thing is, this place has nothing to do with web dev or IT at all. I'm in charge for the site/advertisements/photography, but I'm learning absolutely nothing here. It's like I'm fresh out of school. The work conditions and people I work with are below average. I hate it here.But to get to the point, I have found a job offer that is really really interesting. It's sort of a big name (in a way) in my country and the offer looks really decent. I don't know or have everything they ask, but I think I can handle it with some help. It would definitely open up more possibilities.I have finished updating my resume and writing my cover letter, but I'm just so scared of this one specific question. "What do you do in your free time?" The job offer mentioned that you should be living a second life online and always be aware of new technologies and stuff. I do read about web dev semi-frequently, but I have no energy or motivation at all to work on anything at the end of my days, so I'm horribly out of practice.Should I apply anyway and take my chances and but with a reasonable chance of not landing the job, or should I wait a little more, force myself to practice things and apply at a later date when I feel more confident, but risking that the position will be filled?Sorry for the long post.
See There is little point in TS, when you can just use the official ES6 standard with Babel.
I want to know too
A few people have asked me to build websites for them. What kind of deployment or hosting system should I use?  Should I leave hosting up to them?  And what about CMS?  Just basically, real-world tips on doing web design
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5818003/stop-a-gif-animation-onload-on-mouseover-start-the-activationSave 2 seperate pictures, one animated and one static. Use jQuery to change the img's src on hover event.$( document ).ready(function() {    $("img").hover(        function()        { $(this).attr("src", "image.gif"); },        function()        { $(this).attr("src", "static.png"); });});You can also use mouseenter() and mouseleave() but hover() binds handlers for both of them.
I'd just say folders. Windows is known to have vastly slower disk I/O than Linux, but you can try. CSS animations, Javascript animations, swapping a background image for a GIF, canvas, scripted SVG. Any of the above triggered on the mouseover event will do the job.
Webstorm will let you leave a world of pain
Use bootstrap or some other framework and learn SCSS or LESSHave a look at the Symfony or Laravel frameworks. It allows you to develop enterprise grade applications in php. Which still is the biggest player in the webdev world.Also all of you have a look at Vagrant. It allows you to have great, easy to replicate, server/dev environments.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't buy a GTX 980 next week.I have a budget up to its price, no more.What would a 290x offer?Why should I wait for a Maxwell successor?
Wait for the 980ti and the 300 series to come out, it'll be sub $500 thenif you can get a 980 for $450~ you absolutely should, amazing card at that priceespecially if you can get it for sub $500 and get the free witcher 3/bamham codes
enjoy mine
When are they coming out?I don't have a GPU right now, mine died last week
GTX 980 TI launches this week or next weekGTX 980 might have a price cutWin win all around
>vg248 + evga 980ayywhy's your vg248 at 120hz?mid june, so soondef worth waiting 1-2 weeks. if the 300 series is good (probably won't be since it's all just fucking rebrands) you can get one of those, if not the 980 will without a doubt get a price cut
*memes**AMDshills*
I bought a GTX 980 about 10 days ago to play Witcher 3, and I returned it today for a refund.Planning on getting a 980 Ti or if the new high AMD card performs up there
Thats what I want it forIs it not cutting it? I want no concessions. Dont need supersampling, but need everything else.
Eh? 980ti already releasing that soon? Last time I heard it was september.
>tfw EVGA 90 day step up plan just expired for my 980 last weekfuck me. Making the jump to 1440p soon and I want the 980ti
last I heard it was supposed to be mid may. They'll without a  doubt release it around the 300 series launch, and the 300 series comes out next month
>What would a 290x offer?95% of the 980's performance for only 2/3 of the price
Leaked specs and benches already, some of them says a launch next week alreadyIt's a very good card but it's not worth getting when 980 Ti/390x and price cuts on old cards are right around he corner
>290XIt offers nothing but HOUSEFIRES
and 90% less drivers

>has no rebuttal>just posts reaction imagekek hows that butt amdfag?>25% market share
>Ngreedia>price cutsYeah right. If they actually lower the price of the 980 I'll eat a whole bag of sugarless haribo gummy bears.
They aren't going to lower them it would just make people less inclined to buy a 980ti  and they want to see this new card
If you're not tied to Nvidia, wait for the 300 series to see how it works
You were going to do that anyway you fat fuck.
Why would anyone respond to shitposting with anything other than shitposting?
There is no reason not to. I prefer AMD but the 980 is the best card out there for the price. The only thing better would be a 295x2, if you have an extra hundred to spend.
>What would a 290x offer?Close performance, but cheaper. Also Nvidia won't be able to gimp the performance via gaymenwerks when Pascal comes out.
295x2 is a piece of shit that pulls 16 lightbulbs of power out the wall
Piece of shit that out performs everything on the market.
I just got myself an R9 290X.I'm honestly not particularly impressed. If I didn't get it from a friend really cheap (less than half the price), I would've returned it.
It gets raped by a titanx, and a titanx isn't some nasty two cards slapped together with a water cooler that consuming a massive amount of electricity
>980Ti and R9 3XX series coming next month, allegedly.seems like good enough reason to wait to me.
You can buy a 295x2 for about the same price of a 980. Maybe $10-20 more.The Titan X gets raped by the 295x2. What are you on about?
>You can buy a 295x2 for about the same price of a 980. Maybe $10-20 more.What the *FUCK* are you smoking?
>If I didn't get it from a friend really cheap (less than half the priceShit, now that is a deal.
Not the same anon, but this is the pricing here in the UK.Honestly, not terrible considering the performance jump.But yeh, the cheapest 980 compared to the cheapest R9 295x2 is easily a £100 difference.
I'm like, whatever'ing so hard right now, I want to see this $550 R9 295X2, so fuck off.
At TigerDirect it's $630. You can make a new account for 10% off your first order and get free shipping, so that brings the price down to $567. That's only $17 more than the regular price of a 980. There's also a $30 rebate but fuck those things.
How well does a 960 play with linux? Any of you have any issues? does it work ootb?I hear people have a lot of issues with ATI
Fine.Fuck you.Here.Now, granted, the anon to whom you originally replied never said WHICH 980 is was $10 more than. But this is not the point.While the 295x2 is more expensive than most 980's, it wrecks it in performance, the gap in performance an price makes it a steal all things considered.
No duh it wrecks it a 980 is only marginally faster than a 290X and the 295x2 is Two 290X's on the same board
Because HBM will cause the jump in power to be much bigger than in previous generations.
HBM doesn't do much on its own other than allow for more shader ALUs to be fed, and we've already roughly reached the power limit for max shaders with 28 nm TSMC chips short of water cooling (hurray new AMD not-R9-390X). There's no real latency improvement, there's maybe a power savings in the low 10s of Watts, and even the 290X wasn't constrained as much by GDDR5 bandwidth as by small L2$ and questionable GPGPU design decisions.HBM is more the necessity of 2016 GPUs built on 14nm lithography with 6k+ shader ALUs.
you seem to be badly misinformed about HBM>40% less power than GDDR5>1/8th the latency of GDDD5>390X draws same wattage as a 290X even though it has 50% more GCN cores>benches have dropped showing the Fiji chip with 4gb of HBM beating the 12gb TitanX in all resolutions including 4K
>It gets raped by a titanx,Other way around champ. It's cheaper and more powerful. Titan X was shit since day one.
Why not just buy an EVGA 970 and then use their upgrade program to 'upgrade' to the 980 after the price cut?
benches have dropped showing the Fiji chip with 4gb of HBM beating the 12gb TitanX in all resolutions including 4KSource?
>dual GPUAbsolutely disgusting.
Those benchmarks are FAKE and have been debunked, just ignore any AMDPOORFAGS that claims this
>980>1080p
>implying games don't get more demanding over time>implying a 980 can max everything
1/8th the latency of GDDD5complete lie. DRAM latencies are still dominated by row and column access times, running only in the 100s of MHz internally.HBM is just a way to get more bandwidth per Watt (and more bw total) that GDDR5, not some miracle means to faster DRAM arrays.
new AMD cards come in June, expect price drops for all kinds of cards, even maybe 980
290x 8gb version
But the card can't even max games @60fps that uses below 4gb, why would I want 8gb?
this
$0.25 has been deposited ;)
980ti and 390x wont affect 980 price, both will be way more expensive.

This.I've seen listing for the 980Ti here, it's around 900 euros. That's just way too fucking much.I'm seriously sick and tired of Nvidia's jewishness and AMD's incompetence.Shit, I want to upgrade my GTX 780 because I like playing my games maxed out, but my only option is to buy a 980 and support NVidia's shitty business practices, or fork out a retarded amount for the upcoming AMD top card, because sure as hell I ain't buying a rebranded 290X.
Forgot to add, the 295X is available at an awesome price, but then, no way I'd buy another multi gpu card, especially not from AMD. The 6990 was a nightmare, and at the time the AMD driver support was much better. Haven't seen a new game where the 295X had CF support right away, always have to wait for it.
لُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ冗IT FUCKING WORKS!!!!!https://youtu.be/TaKkIVIygh0
>This is the second time in row I get quads with my post on /g/UPDATEboth of my I phone I messages keeps crashing
Where can i find this fucking apk that is not on japanese and with full BIOS?
just pay for it on the playstore you scrub
find the apk and use lucky patcher to remove license check.Works for me that way.
>ThisIts just $6 OP. Worth the cost of not having to deal with random malware someone might sneak in it.
What's wrong with nds4droid? :^|
http://emulation.gametechwiki.com/index.php/DraStic
spend the fucking money faggot
>Buy the software that violates multiple GPL licenses and denies so
>paying to pirate>supporting closed-source, payware emulatorsCancer.
>that violates multiple GPL licensesthen why aren't the original license holders taking it to court?
>taking the bait
Exactly. Why do I need to pay to do illegal content? That's retarded. If you think that's a good idea, go admit yourself to the police.
Thank me later anonhttp://pastebin.com/0tE86hy2
>pirating>not ripping your own roms >being this big of a faggot
Because emulating isn't illegal?
apk is freelucky patcher is free to remove license checkwhat are you even talking about?
google play
It's slow as shit
Are you trying to run it on a RAZR?
Nope, GS3.
>supporting the exojew
>not supporting developersi bet you pirate windows as well because they're evil
Just buy it Jamal the developer deserve it
can someone just post a fucking magnet? mega is annoying as shit
Hi gois, I am the owner of a pretty succesful website featuring 18+ webm files. I would love to get some feedback on the functionality and the design, any feedback is welcome really.> 4webm.comAlso, if anybody knows how to make a thumbnail of a .webm file with PHP, please let me know.
This site is terrible
>"you can search by blood type"
It.. it was a funny.
Serious issues on firefox.Pic damn related.Works fine on chrome.I think thumbnails shoud be clickable instead of the "watch" link.I don't dislike the simple minimal interface.It's pretty clean.
Oh damn, that is strange. Thanks!
Firefox issues are solved. I agree with the clickable thumbnails, but I need to make an action thumbnail first.. because the thumbnails right now are just small video tags right now.Thanks for the feedback.
I tried disabling Adblock Edge and it worked fine.So, we probably found the culprit.
Just like my Japanese cartoons
Or maybe I just reloaded after you already fixed.Yep, definitely that.
Yeah, it was a very stupid small mistake and I fixed it in a couple of seconds.. so that's very likely.
no favicon? >favicon plz.
Noted, will do.
>using web bums for porn>even worse quality than 8-bit h264>moar cpu usage tooUnacceptable
> mfw that is the hague> mfw i live in the hague
>Also, if anybody knows how to make a thumbnail of a .webm file with PHP, please let me know.You can call an external program to generate thumbnails for this.Have a look at using the program ffmpegthumbnailer.Just install that on your server and then you have a very simple thing you can call from PHP to generate thumbnails and store them all in a directory or something.Should work for pretty much any type of video since ffmpeg supports a crazy amount of stuff, including WebM of course, and you can make it take a thumbnail of a certain percentage through the video.
>mfw all the webms are from /gif/ and i've already seen all of them
>mfw finally a porn site I can easily browse on my phoneTechnology has reached it's peak.
no milfs?
Don't go to that website on a Windows pc, it's packed with malware.
Basically, all the search queries are being logged and based on that will will add pornstars, webms and categories over the next week,Please make sure to search 'milf'.> pic: the fucked up results over the past half hour
>pussy wormswat
>fucked up results
lol. no more than 4chan or any other site for that matter.bookmarked for those morning/afternoon quickies.
Some webms are hosted on a different domain so we don't burn too much bandwidth, we will get that fixed this week.
>ABE
>all those blood type searchesYou brought that on yourself.
Mind suggesting an alternative?
I did.
Since there's no Windows 10 thread, let's start one.Genuine thoughts on Windows 10?Anyone currently running it? I'm thinking of putting a preview on my old laptop that I now use as a media system and plan on getting the full release when it comes out.Windows 10 thread I guess
I really can't wait until July, I want to install it when it actually comes out so they aren't recording everything.Been waiting to reformat for what feels like forever now.
Why the fuck does windows 8 idle at a little under 2gb of ram? Is 10 any better?
>implying spying will stop
I hope this answers your question.Naturally, RAM usage scales with available RAM. Windows stores less in page.
How the fuck did we come from XP that uses less than 10mb ram to this (windows 7, 8, 10)?Fucking chrome and firefox use more memory than XP does and it's a fucking OS that does nearly everything (major security issues aside). The fuck?
>so they aren't recording everythingoh, sweet summer child...
How's Edge?
Win 8.1 w/Classic Shell > Win 10 > Win 8.1 w/o Classic Shell
what is the best virtualization software for a windows 10 guest, besides hyper v?
It's crap.
Why even "upgrade" to Windows 10? What have they added other then the shitty start menu/metro shit
>Genuine thoughts on Windows 10?It is ugly. It offers no value for me. It is not exciting. It isn't heartwarmingly familiar either. I skipped 8, 8.1 and likely will skip 10. I don't even care about Windows at this point anymore. I think I'm stuck in Linuxland now.
Bare metal.Install Windows 10 in Hyper-VMount the resulting .vhdx filebcdboot [vm]:\windowsThe Windows 10 virtual machine is now in your boot menu.Pic related. E: is my SSD, and Windows 10 takes up 60GB of it.When a new build comes out, just boot into Windows 8 or whatever and then upgrade from Hyper-V.
Well obviously I'm interested in Windows 10 knowing it might be the last Windows release and will set a new standard for software since there is no competition.
forgot pic related
can you remove that cortana bullshit from the taskbar?
yes, you can
Yeah.
I wish linux was a viable development environment for me.
Does edge support 60fps on youtube?
Is Edge shit?
Why not? It's just HTML5 running mp4s.Only because they're making it from scratch. It's missing a lot of features.It's now basically distinct from IE, because IE plugins don't work on Edge anymore. I tried installing the WebMMF plugin to enable webms. It worked in a previous build, not anymore.
It's IE without any options or features, with flat UI and giant (and mostly empty) context menus.Not sure why people hype it so much,
It's faster than IE.Edge isn't much else besides its rendering engine.IE12 would crash on bigass 2000 post threads, Edge handles it imperceptibly as fast as Chrome does.
But it's still the same engine, no matter what MS says. All the old quirks I've used to see on some websites (including this one) are still there.Also, it's universal app, which means it suspends when minimised and you can have only one window open at a time. Why would anyone want that on desktop?
>suspends when minimizedThat was the rule in Windows 8.Apparently not the case anymore.As you can tell I have more than one window open.Even in Windows 8, Metro IE could have more than one window.
You're right about multiple windows, but videos and music still stop playing when I minimise it. Even playback in background tab seems problematic, it's like the videos stop downloading when the tab is not active or something, it's choppy.
Turns out Chrome is still faster.Chrome gets 900 fish from the HTML5 fishbowl test.Edge gets 800.Regular 'ol IE12 gets 500.
ive been running it for 3 days. its pretty smooth.
Winfags, I'm curious. Rating from 1 to 10, how good does this look to you? Because when I look at Win10 screenshots, it honestly looks vastly inferior. Those icons in particular. And window decoration is just... I don't even..
>no more zero daysgo back to leddit
>judging an entire os on lookshave fun with your shitty meme OS
6/10I don't like desktop icons. But generally not bad at all
The way your file manager handles tabs is aesthetically awful. There should not be a left border. on the first tab. I also don't care for the rounded edges or the border between the taskbar and the calendar/start menu.I think the way they color the active window on the taskbar is shit and KDE5 Plasma does it better.On another note, goes breddy fast when I turn on the GPU.
>free ram is best ramnoif you have less than 4gigs, you're craycray
forgot pic again
I had to replace scorched ati card with nvidia and since I only did driver reinstall my computer is all laggy like whatwhywherewhaaaaa and if it wasn't for the upcoming release I would already did windows reinstall but I want w10. I can't even update nvidia drivers as it results into bsod.
very good/10i dislike the dark close button thohow did you remove the peanut/hamburger from the panel
My keks are off the charts, Chrome isn't hardware acceleratedEDGE CONFIRMED FOR FASTEST
Lock widgets. You can also remove it from desktop simply by looking at desktop settings > tweaks. Based KDE devs are actually listening to us!
Both look like shit, just look at all those screenshots in this thread. Yosemite and Gnome3 are where its at.Just compare how well-arranged the Gnome3 window borders and toolbars are compared to this crap , ,   it makes Microsoft look like fucking amateurs.
Chrome with hardware acceleration forced onPretty evenly matched, but Edge is still faster.
Edge has more fish and 60 FPS.IE hardware acceleration was always good, but browser wasn't up to snuff. A few extensions and I might switch to Edge.
Actually Chrome was performing at 60FPS stable, it's just that it lost power when I went to the notification area to show that the graphics card was being used.Basically if chrome ain't in front (1100 and falling) it's even worse than IE12 with hardware acceleration (1200)
so edge is king for multitasking?
What kind of plebby machine are you running?
Theoretically yes but in practice no.If an inactive tab on an active window isn't playing video/sound, then that tab is suspended.So it's shit for downloading from MEGA, unless you want to leave a new window for mega in running the background.A laptop with a Quadro K2000M dood.
Damn mang, damn.
not one with 21 sex tips
>If an inactive tab on an active window isn't playing video/sound, then that tab is suspended.Why don't they limit his bullshit to "tablet mode"?Even Apple with their AppNap is nowhere near this level of retardedness.
where can I grab the latest build?
on MS site
It's probably a good suggestion to let us have a feature that will give Edge a "power saving mode" when not connected to a power source.I'll push it to their feedback now.
rather than hard limits based on being plugged in, just link it with power settings for the OS.
aren't there leaks or newer ones?
Its a cracked.com link. The 'sex tips' listed on there are fucking hilarious and all over the place; as in, the first one says "Wear socks for higher chance of orgasms" and another is talking about how showing kindness to babies leads to getting more numbers from women.
Follow WZOR on twitter if you want leaks. I'd stay on MS builds if I were you.
>system icon doesn't match the rest of flat iu icons>mu autismnope, sticking to linux
Does this make you feel better?
3rd party programs will do that on any platform.
Yes. I also have poor eyesight, so I'm kind of glad for this flat look that's so popular right now.
It's good, but still not too stable. Display drivers keep crashing, snap window feature is pretty wonky at times. There are also some software that just don't run well on W10. The operating system basically crashes every time I open Microsoft Visio. I have yet to find a need for using Metro apps on the desktop. I wish I could have Windows 7 with the look of 10
what can i do with cortana? is there a list of commands, will she learn new things?
This honestly looks awful.
There's a list of known commands somewhere on the internet.The one that you probably care about is "Hey Cortana, open Foobar2000"and "Hey Cortana, Next Track"
Just throw shit, she's designed to pick up anything contextual by humans.
>The one that you probably care aboutSpot on, actually. I want it to do some very basic tasks, like the ones you have mentioned (create a specific file and name it, open programme X etc.) Most of the stuff i saw was just bing searches, but i feel that its easier to actually type in my request, especially if you are searching for something more specific than the weather.
She won't "learn" new things, devs can put commands in their programs and if you have them installed Cortana can performed said actions.
>Why the fuck does windows 8 idle at a little under 2gb of ram? Is 10 any better?>Not having heard about caching, ever.You do not belong on this site, idiot.
Sorry, buddy! I came to 4 Chan from V last summer. :^)
>Genuine thoughts on Windows 10?Everything metro-related is too huge, takes too much space and has way too much whitespace. I understand the reasons for it but I don't want to turn my desktop into a tablet.Metro apps are still nagging me to log in to MS account that I don't need or want. I can't even use Calendar without logging in somewhere.Since the whole OS is taking the transition to new UI, win32 software will look out of place, but I will have to keep using it because metro apps are unlikely to suddenly become good after 2 years of being shit.
>can you remove that cortana bullshit from the taskbar?Why is there a fuckin idiot every day asking the same fuckin question it has been answered a thousand fuckin times already.
People say they will stay on Win7 because OS is UI and nothing more in each thread.I bet it's a shitposting tradition. Subscription for Windows shiposting is right next after.
What i meant was some kind of file/programme association. While "open foobar2000" might bring you the wished result since its a pretty popular programme paired with a specific name, lesser known ones might leave cortana puzzled. So i would like to to associate a specific command (i.e. "open music player/browser/VM") with a programm of my choice.
Is july confirmed? Any more details when exactly?
>During the company’s quarterly earnings call late last Thursday, AMD CEO Lisa Su let slip that Windows 10 would launch in July.“With the Windows 10 launch at the end of July, we’re watching, sort of the impact of that on the back-to-school season, and expect that it might have a bit of a delay to the normal back-to-school season inventory build-up,” Su said in response to a question from an industry analyst. Oops.
I like how they are sticking with Windows 7 feel while getting rid of the stupid GUI.Even if Windows 8 is cluttered, it still looked WAY better than 7>By the way>MUH GUI
release date when?
They're not sticking with Windows 7 feel. Everything is transitioning to universal, even explorer will be replaced at some point.
Is it possible to use small buttons/icons on the taskbar like pic related?
Edge suspends all the tabs except the one you are using.This kills the 4chan.
It's one big fucking spyware.
>Edge suspends background tabs>Safari has no favicons>neither supports webmWhy is every 1st party browser incompatible with 4chan?
No shit. That's kind of the point of a beta test.
>b-but it's just a beeetaaaaaI can't believe people like you exist for OS's.
Yes, you can make them smaller.
Thanks AnonIf it's not too much of a hassle, can someone show me how it looks please?
This isn't like a game in perpetual "beta".  Win X is actually pre-release software.
>tfw android user for 6 years>tfw I'll be buying a Lumia 830 tommorowI don't know how to feel
You'll hate it.>former windows phone owner now android user
Windows 8 user here, it'll probably look similar to this, just with the Win10 style
All the old options are still there, for now. The configuration pane will probably be replaced with universal ui one at some point.
Thanks a lot Anons
Why do you hate it
Same, I hope my current install will last until 10's release.
Wait for 840
Can't there's a deal going on until the end of May
I was on it a couple of months ago, so things might've changed but:1) Lack of apps. This was my single biggest peeve.2) Disgusting GUI. I'm autistic when it comes to themes, and I have poor eyesight.3) Not related to Microsoft, but I bought a Lumia 810 and my carrier stopped support for it.I'm on a Nexus 5 right now and love it. Same carrier, if only because they don't give a fuck if you root/custom rom, whatever.
>1) Lack of apps. This was my single biggest peeve.I checked before, all of the apps that I use on a regular basis have their WP counterpart>2) Disgusting GUI. I'm autistic when it comes to themes, and I have poor eyesight.I actually like how it looks>3) Not related to Microsoft, but I bought a Lumia 810 and my carrier stopped support for it.Microsoft promised that with WP10 they'll be pushing out updates themselves, bypassing the carriers.
Okay, then it sounds like it's the phone for you, bro. I wasn't trying to start an argument, I just gave you my opinion as to why I'm not bothering with Windows phones anymore.
>microsoft>promised
Yeah, I've done my home work :)I appreciate your input nonetheless.
Has MS recently broke any promises given to WP?
>Win7fags can't handle a single ounce of change>So instead of actually attempting at some sort of new icons>They just flatten the old onesSo disappointing But if there were a way to describe win7fags it would be the new xp fags
The single greatest feature MS has ever added to Windows.
That has not been a feature in Windows until 2015??
Sadly.I was waiting for it since I first noticed it on OS X.
Excellent. That's a great feature in OS X tooPeople installing XP on their Core 2 Extreme, 3 x 8800 Ultra systems instead of Vista were the worst, installing Win7 can't be worse then that
any video footage of this feature to make sure i got this right?
What was your previous phone?I'm using a 830, just looking at it's design alone make me feel good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtOmqRqCffI
My current phone is a Nexus 4.
Is this a new meem already?
Holy shit finally
>that feelerino when 10125 master race>tfw the first glimpse of dark mode Edge>tfw only 2 months left until release>tfw bugged spartan text
>LITERALLY BOTNET: THE OS
oh thats great news, thanks for the video, exactly what i was hoping for
I can't seem to get rid of my Windows.old folder
Just take ownership of it, duh.
But this is not Android.
7.8
use Disk Cleaner for that
DID THEY FIX FONT RENDERING
NOT REALLY
BOLLOCKS
>install win10 on thinkpad with 1600x1200 display>everything is set to 125% and looks shit>set scaling to 100%>nothing changes, literally every window is blurry now for some reason
They didn't promise to update 7 to 8.
Why is the download so slow? I'm trying to download the 64-bit US English .iso, and the download speed is around 100-200 KB/s. My internet is way faster than that, what's wrong?
It is unless you require Photoshop or .net.Honestly, as time goes on the list of things that Linux can't do gets smaller and smaller. Aside from Adobe and windows development, pretty much everything can work easily on Linux especially if you're willing to use wine.
Because everyone thought that it would come since they promised updated without fragmentation
>people on /g/ actually use windows, in 2015the last good microsoft release was 7, if you're using anything after it you're a moron
And all 7 devices were updated to 7.8. They never said anything about W8. With W10 they promised to update all W8.1 devices to W10.
Just because they did not say that does not mean that they basically said a big fuck you to all users.  Also you realize that WP8 would perfectly run on most WP7 devices if they would make a few new drivers, right?
We talking about broken promises, not speculations. Decision not to update W7 users might have been stupid, but it but MS in the ass, so I think there were more to it. Either way this is not the topic of this conversion.
Is Windows 10 faster than Windows 8.1?
No.
Yes, even with the spy mode enabled.
Try thishttp://www.howtogeek.com/howto/windows-vista/add-take-ownership-to-explorer-right-click-menu-in-vista/
Nah, windows 8 was pretty goat actually and 10 fixes everything that was wrong with metro
I literally know how to learn the .NET framework and visual studio. I know python, java, and javascript. What's the best online material for this?
Literally don't
sweet titties
Shameful bump
>that sagboner gone
>that sagThis is exactly my fetish.
Sorry, what exactly do you want op? If you know java, just learn c# by experience and do a few projects? Also .net is the runtime, its not something you really learn, and also mono is better than .netDon't believe the fools, java is c# without properties. C# is java with a little more consistent syntax, but otherwise they're both almost the same language. One capitalises some functions, the other lower cases them, one has @ symbols, the other has extra keywords. Java has "extend" whilst c# has ":". Ultimately, they're not that different.Now stfu and learn c. If you can't program a tree in c, you are a bad programmer.They're just too big.
this is where the english word "gazonga" comes from. it also has roots in the latin "gazogos" roughly translated to mean "one that is in possession of two sheeps bladders filled with fermented goats milk"
I just installed Windows 8 on my friend's computer and I can't seem to update it to Windows 8.1 because it needs the updates and when I check for updates I can't do shit cause it freezes any ideas?
I have a computer with Intel core duo  , 4gb ram , Intel DP43TF motherboard and gigabyte hd 4670 all from 2006-7.Do I need to buy a new motherboard if i want to play witcher 3 ? Or just new processor and graphics ?
Bump
Yes.
get a vinyl player
All ?

Why is Windows better than Loonix?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nngGGBkjMpUWindows:>Cute girl>Trying to convince people to build their own computers>Very cute and humble>Makes the process very simple>Galvanizes her users to be self-sufficientLinux:>Preached to by a fat, bearded autist who eats dead skin on his foot and 'spergs out at the drop of a hat>Ran by a bitter Finnish programmer who can't open his mouth when he talks>Entire community is not cute 2D girls, but rather bitter neckbeards who don't want people to enjoy Linux and want to stick to their own circle-jerkI think we know which one is better /g/
>animefuck off to >/a/ weeb
>cute anime girl builds her own computer and installs windows 7 after seeing cute anime ad>gets cryptolocker 2 minutes afterWhy do we live in such a cruel world?
>scroll down>comments full of spics talking about mierda or some shit
rude
I want to get rid of this fucking generation that can't even RTFM.
Freetards getting BTFO
You forgot Linux losers and their red sticker of don't talk to me
>grandma calls up, computer is fucked>he drops it off >10,000 toolbars>reformat>install Arch Linux>compile everything from source>get superior rolling release minimal system>force all daemons and proessces, x windows, etc required to be manually started (like they SHOULD BE)>return laptop>he calls up>WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT WHAT DID U DO TO MY COMPUTER FUK U KIDFucking old people, just die already.
Stall preaches GNU, not Linux.
why is linux such an epic failure? It has less than 1% marketshare on x86/x86_64 systems, and even its popular mobile platforms (webos and android) have become shitpiles. Just look and how webos turned out for hp, and how android is just an iOS rip off, and in order to get any of the functionality users tout that it has over iOS you must root it, giving you all the exact same 'functionality' as a rooted iOS. There must be a reason for all of this.
>grandma>he
Ubuntu:>Insert flash drive, install>Takes about 20/25 minutes>Lurk 4chan, chat on MSN whilst installing>Install is done.>All drivers are preinstalled, graphics, sound, network, all working flawlessly>Plug in Wacom tablet, works instantly.>Printer works after a CUPS setup wizard>Install Wine>Play Windows game (Civ 5) without any problems for a bit.>Plug in Microsoft's own Xbox 360 controller for another game, instantly works.>Flash Player, Java, an IM client, word processor, etc. already installed, it's ready to use.Windows:>Insert flash drive, install>Takes about 20/25 minutes>Sit staring at a blurry install screen throughout>Install done, log on.>800x600 resolution, Basic theme>No network detected>No audio device installed>Have to get laptop out to download network drivers.>Install network drivers.>Download 200MB graphics driver>Download 80MB audio driver (yeah, really)>Restart after installing each driver>Browse the web; have to install Flash Player.>Try to play a bit of Civ 5>DLL FILE NOT FOUND OH GOD HOW DID I GET HERE I AM NOT GOOD WITH WORKING DIRECTORY>Have to redownload some DLL files>Both the tablet and the 360 controller don't immediately work, have to download drivers>Same deal with my printer.>Spends 45 seconds reconfiguring the driver when I change what USB port the printer is plugged into. What the fuck.>idontwanttoliveinthisOSanymore.jpgPlease tell me /g/, why do people expect me to have actually paid money for this heap of shit? Yes, I mad.
check you're privilege
so cute
>It has less than 1% marketshare on x86/x86_64 systemsYou mean desktop systems. It's huge in the server market.>you must root itOf course you should root it. You should root ALL devices. Why on Earth would you ever abide by what some company says you should do? Linux gives you freedom. It's up to you to use it.
>install Arch>compile from sourcewhat's your problem?
Daily reminder that there are more than a few similarities between Linux and a typicalreligious cult.For example:✓ Both worship their leader.✓ Both have a distended, warped view of their subject matter.✓ Both are obsessed with something that most people know nothing about.✓ Both believe that they are right and everyone else is wrong.✓ Both insist on proselytizing or converting every single person into the fold.✓ Both have a warped view of the economy. IOW give everything away for free.✓ Both have socialistic tendencies.✓ Both seem to attract oddballs, social misfits and the mentally ill.✓ Both encourage obsessive behavior and total devotion to the cause.✓ Both disparage and try to discredit the mainstream or competition.✓ Both have a militaristic attitude of you are either with us 100 percent or against us....and so it goes.It sure seems like Linux is a cult.
Congratulations, you LITERALLY just fell for Windows propaganda and made a thread about it.
Are you saying that this linux can run on a computer without windows underneath it, at all ? As in, without a boot disk, without any drivers, and without any services ?That sounds preposterous to me.If it were true (and I doubt it), then companies would be selling computers without a windows. This clearly is not happening, so there must be some error in your calculations. I hope you realise that windows is more than just Office ? Its a whole system that runs the computer from start to finish, and that is a very difficult thing to acheive. A lot of people dont realise this.Microsoft just spent $9 billion and many years to create Vista, so it does not sound reasonable that some new alternative could just snap into existence overnight like that. It would take billions of dollars and a massive effort to achieve. IBM tried, and spent a huge amount of money developing OS/2 but could never keep up with Windows. Apple tried to create their own system for years, but finally gave up recently and moved to Intel and Microsoft.Its just not possible that a freeware like the Linux could be extended to the point where it runs the entire computer from start to finish, without using some of the more critical parts of windows. Not possible.I think you need to re-examine your assumptions.
Windows installs in about 5 mins for me and all my devices work.
kek'd
>Not making a windows install with all of you drivers pre-loaded>Everything else you mention only taking 10-20 minutes to doCry harder
Good job, you described macfags>✓ Both worship their leader.Jobs>✓ Both have a distended, warped view of their subject matter.my 2k facebook machine is better>✓ Both are obsessed with something that most people know nothing about.only non-true one, because they don't know it themselves>✓ Both believe that they are right and everyone else is wrong.see next answer>✓ Both insist on proselytizing or converting every single person into the fold.have you seen all the apple threads?>✓ Both have a warped view of the economy. IOW give everything away for free."this is worth my money">✓ Both have socialistic tendencies.darwin>✓ Both seem to attract oddballs, social misfits and the mentally ill.the gays>✓ Both encourage obsessive behavior and total devotion to the cause.see above answers>✓ Both disparage and try to discredit the mainstream or competition.shill threads>✓ Both have a militaristic attitude of you are either with us 100 percent or against us.see above answers
Free software is NOT better than proprietary software. This is just a simple fact. Emacs sucks. Gimp blows a wad compared to Photoshop.Yes they're free. But the time you waste fumbling around with the terrible UI and lack of features costs way more than the price of the paid software, which is usually way better.Sorry Linux fags. Yes, maybe you can make a decent free OS because the best OSes just stay the fuck outta the way. But just leave the software to the professionals.Pic related - it took like 10 minutes in Gimp, when it would have take 45 seconds in Photoshop.
>All drivers are preinstalled, graphics, sound, network, all working flawlesslyif you have the proper hardware. but god beware you don't. ever tried to use a laptop with optimus? ever had sound problems in linux? this is where the real fun starts. also about the wacom: tried to use it once with an out of the box install and krita (art program). every time i would try to actually do anything with the tablet the whole screen would freeze for 10s and everything would horribly lag. so much for out-of-the-box perfect bullshit.
>Both worship their leader.What leader?>Both are obsessed with something that most people know nothing about.Perfectly normal. I'm a tech nerd. Of course I like tech. Are golfers also obsessed with something most people know nothing about?>Both believe that they are right and everyone else is wrong.You think your beliefs are true, by definition. That implies you believe other people are wrong. EVERYONE believes they are right and everyone else is wrong. Anything else is a logical impossibility.>Both insist on proselytizing or converting every single person into the fold.Because both groups think it will benefit the people being converted. Some Linux users also think giving money to Microsoft or Apple is harmful to the industry.>Both have a warped view of the economy. IOW give everything away for free.Nope! It is perfectly fine to redistribute free software, and you can sell support or binaries.The rest is just obviously wrong.Every single point there applies only to some Linux users, hardly all of them. It's also nonsense, because having superficial similarities to a cult doesn't make something a cult. Or are you just like Hitler because both you and Hitler have hair?
>Car towed from apartment complex because tags were one day expiredI'll start by saying I've never been so livid. These guys have always been lower than human filth and wasn't going to put up with it this time. Let me also say my revenge also involved getting known drug dealers in my complex arrested.>Months ago, mandatory switch from Cox to AT&T>AT&T using all-in-one internet, phone and tv cable box>Everyone using WEP encryption>Purchase 1 Alfa AWUS036H>Purchase 1 generic wifi adapter>Purchase 2 ARM motherboards with wireless connectivity>Purchase 1 10,000mAh battery power supply>Purchase 1 standard issue webcam>Setup first ARM motherboard with generic webcam to monitor drug dealing niggers across street>Set up seconding ARM motherboard with generic wireless adapter and linux installation along with battery pack outside house down street>Spend the last two weeks cracking every WEP in complex>Program automated macro in C which would connect to a network, enter the router and obliterate firmware via modified package update>Zero hour>Run macro and disable all internet, tv cable and phone accessibility by killing everyone's router including self>Leave drug dealing niggers internet, tv and phone untouched to place blame>Wait until AT&T cans show up in troves to solve problem hours later>SSH into modular system that was dropped outside of house down block and dial 911 calling in bomb threat on drug dealing niggers using online dialing software and voice synthesizer>Leave apartment before cops show up>Grab coffee at HipsterBucks>Remote login to webcam directed at niggers house>AT&T vans everywhere>Cops section off complex and evacuate everyone>Storm niggers apartment>No "bomb", but find drugs>Arrested for possession of large quantities of narcotics and unregistered firearms>Sip coffeeDon't fuck with my car next time
bin dare dun dat
It's moe, though. I don't mind propaganda if it's cute anime.
Here's how I install Windows anon.>Format SSD >Put in Windows CD>Wait about 15-20 minutes>Put in drivers CD>Wait another 10-15 min>Literally install all my programs by just going to their site and clicking install>Not "S-SUDO APT G-GET DICKS">Works right away>Play games flawlesslyDat botnet feels good.
Why haven't you asked the manufacturer of your Linux-based device for source code today?
>360 controller don't immediately workThat's how I know you're lying.
This thread is going straight into the best DSM manual I'm sureAUTISMUTISM
>Windows CDAre you still using XP? Nice!
>Free software is NOT better than proprietary software.Name anything better than ffmpeg at encoding video. Name anything better than mpv at playing video. Name a web browser better than FireFox.>Emacs sucks.Kek. Guess you just couldn't figure out how to use it.Even if this were true, there is no proprietary competition.
Installing with a package manager is faster, anon.And installing drivers is so shit, only graphics drivers should be installed. It's funny because a Linux distro have around 1 GB and supports almost every hardware, while Windows is >3GB and still needs drivers.
Not making a windows install with all of you drivers pre-loadedBut you always repeat like mantra that windows does everything for you and requires no effort.
congratulations! your post is the most autistic thing I've ever read on this board. now eat shit and die you weeb faggot.
>Literally install all my programs by just going to their site and clicking installSee? On a Linux system that would be literally one command. You'd just type in all the applications you want to install and go ahead, automatically resolving dependency problems.
>and how android is just an iOS rip off, and in order to get any of the functionality users tout that it has over iOS you must root it, giving you all the exact same 'functionality' as a rooted iOS.Android has slightly more functionality than iOS without root and way more with root>Just look and how webos turned out for hpwebos isn't doing too bad with being open source and used by LG on their smart tvs and watches
Literally install all my programs by just going to their site and clicking installHow's that easier than typing one command in the terminal? Or even better, having a bash script with said command that will execute it for you, just doubleclick it?
Oh my days Windows 7-tan is too erotic.What we need to do is make GNU/Linux popular in Japan so they start making GNU/Linux-tans.It's too bad the only thing they care about in an OS is the ability to play erotic games.
Nope you need to download drivers for the controller with sp1 which most isos are
Ubuntu:>Insert flash drive, install>Takes about 20/25 minutes>Lurk 4chan, chat on MSN whilst installing>Install is done.>No WiFi, even though it was working fine during live install>Install proprietary WiFi driver>No WiFi because "wifi is disabled by hardware switch">No hardware switch, need to edit some system file and restart to make it work>Only the integrated graphic card works>Download 200MB graphic driver>Plug in HDMI no sound>Have to use comand line to unmute HDMI everytime>Printer works after a CUPS setup wizard>Install Wine>Play Windows game (Civ 5) need to restart every time to change between dedicated and integrated graphic card>Plug in Microsoft's own Xbox 360 controller for another game, instantly works.>Flash Player, Java, an IM client, word processor, etc. already installed, it's ready to use.Windows:>Insert flash drive, install>Takes about 20/25 minutes>Sit staring at a boring install screen throughout>Install done, log on.>Download 200MB graphics driver update>Download all other driver updates>Install all the driver updates and Windows updates and restart only once, at the end>Browse the web; have to install Flash Player.>Try to play a bit of Civ 5 it detects dual graphic card system and automaticly uses the dedicated one for the game>Printer works instantly
I have a laptop with optimus, and I use arch Linux.  Its a fucking pain in the ass to get to work, but it does.
Looks like someone installed loonix
This. Posting from a CentOS piece of shit VM on my Windows box. I will never spend money on Linux or donate to free software. Long live Microsoft!
that's right i just installed loonix and i find the lack of cute 2d lolis disturbing.
Report all loli abuse to your local Mod.
Who is this fluid druid?
Check your dubs.And your grammar.
She forgot the power supply
It is with much regret that I inform you that you, dear sir, are a twat.
Yeah, sure, and pigs fly and IE 6 is actually good.
>Implying Spartan won't be better than Furfag Fox>B-BUT MUH CUSTOMIZATION
I care not, been using Chromium since beta.
I like and use both GNU/linux and windows, they are better for different things.Linux pros:-Freedom-Open to build into whatever-A closer to the metal OS, helps you understand and fix shit.-Faster development-Less malwareWindows pros:-Creative suite compatible-Games-Normies know how to use it-Cute girls-ErogesWhat is there to argue about?
>What is there to argue about?nothing.Windows for gayming.Linux for daily usage(Photoshop and Illustrator runs fine under wine ... CS6).
I like Linux, but still.Install Gentoo.
>installing Linux on tech-illiterate grandparents' computerI will never understand why these stories came to be. All I foresee are endless phone calls about why the OS doesn't look like Windows and they get scared and confused with everything.Any story of success is a goddamn lie and you know it.
some people learn harder than others I guess.
Tell me about it.I literally spent 3 hours explaining Windows to my grandma and  I still run tech support.
I want to fuck windows 7
You know, /g/ would be a pretty quiet place without us
Well luckily my grandparents never learned how to use windows. They only use one application (which also is available on linux) and the only difference is that the theme is different and the system is responsive. They barely use it anyway but I still think I saved that computer. If it wasn't for linux they would have bought a new laptop and since they hardly use one that would be silly.
>Not posting webm of it happening
>Install Ubuntu>It just werks>Install windows 7>OOOPS GOTTA UNPLUG YOUR FIRST HARDDRIVE BEFORE INSTALLING BECAUSE OF THAT KNOWN WINDOWS INSTALLER BUG
Install Windows 8.1 instead perhaps?
>Consumer whorethis is /g/ - technology, here only the technology is relevant, not marketing. I think >/biz/ would be the right board for you.
oh god that's disgustingin one way i hope microsoft didn't make something that disgustingin another way i hope nobody voluntarily takes jew cock that far up their ass and makes it in their spare time
OOOPS GOTTA INSTALL MALWARE START MENU HACK
wut? The XPS13 comes with Ubuntu installed, no windows at all.
>assumes shit>"""I think you need to re-examine your assumptions"""
classic
why is she twenty
[spoiler]Mierda means shit[/spoiler] anon
>this threadGod I hate summer
Ya know if you could look passed all the closed source and security flaws and just accepted that your paying someone to do it for you windows wouldn't be that bad, but the fact is that its still terrible and actively made more insecure without any real tangible difference between versions. If I'm gonna pay for something I expect it to at least be worth the money and function, and if it breaks I expect to be able to actually fix it, not just twiddle my thumbs and wait for some bullshit from microsoft. They get away with selling bullshit because its OEM, most people don't look beyond the advertisements, and "worse is better"
>replying to paid MS shillsSTOP IT IDIOTSREPORTDO NOT REPLY
Your premise is inaccurate, and your logic merely an ad hominem attack. Dude, get some logic lessons.
>using a toy os
because an official and functional OS made by professionals obviously is better than a toy made to spend time coding it by yourself because it's half done but they pretend it's to make people "customize" it and by customize they mean doing a copy of windows without borders and weeb shit in their backgroundalso they feel special calling windows botnet because they're NEETs so shy that they don't want even a web browser to get random data with no other purpose than statistics to improve software and  show interesting adslinux is just a hobby, a placebo and if you want to do something more than browsing, listening music, coding and watching chinese girl cartoons you'll find linux uselessyou're waifu OS is shit
http://nhentai.net/g/123202/
>Very cute and humbleThis is what the NSA uses to suck you in. You have been rused.
L E W D
More like XPS pirate Windows edition.
>/g/ : the post
Windows:>ugly cow>smells like butts>eats buttsLinux:>Ferrari>large breasts>rich and famous
>falling for pastaI installed Debian on my mom's computer tho.> All I foresee are endless phone calls about why the OS doesn't look like WindowsIt's easy to solve this. Also it doesn't have to look like exactly like that, if you have the taskbar on the bottom and have icons on the desktop they wont complain. I just renamed the libreoffice icons to "Word" and "Excel".>b..but all the experience on WindowsAll these experience is like "moving the mouse" or "doubleclicking". It's not like they edit the registry or tweak msconfig on Windows. Put synaptic on the desktop and they can install software, that's it.
My fav pasta of all time. Too bad the original was a troll too.
>This is just a simple fact. Emacs sucks. Gimp blows a wad compared to Photoshop.>fact>posts opinionsI don't like emacs and Gimp either, I wouldn't state these as facts tho.
That era is long gone, faggot>not knowing class based driversWindows Vista onwards class drivers make sure you don't have to get your drivers and install manually unless OEM prebuilt pc and oem drivers. >nic card detected and functional>audio driver detected and working>etc
>optimuspoor, poor, anon.
they make ubunchuu with risa-tan, there's also bijo-linux, but, you know.
>android is just an iOS rip-offThat's some low-quality bait, there, son.
>[spoiler][/spoiler]Back to /v/ where you belong, fucking spic


I've been taking codecademy courses and so far it feels to me like a big scam some how. Has anyone actually accomplished something learning from this website? I know for a fact that I haven't.
It's just a basic stuff/beginner, not a scam.
So for beginners, where's the best place to learn?
Anywhere
I like to think that Codecademy is trying to drive people away from programming by making it seem like some kind of insurmountable profession for nerds, basically the opposite of Code.org.The reason why nobody learns anything at codecademy is because they don't cover the basics of programming.They give you a bunch of syntax and expect you to hit the ground running.Imagine if you learned to speak japanese from a phrasebook.Sure, you could ask how much something costs, or where to find the bathroom, but the moment you try to form your own sentence, you're clueless. You don't know any vocabulary, only syntax.Learning to 'code' on codecademy, you'll learn some syntax, but no semblance of how to put it all together to do what you want.Literally any programming book will teach you better that codecademy.
Book about the topic (language) you want, which covers everything in detail from the beginning.CodeAcademy only has you type shit you see on the sidebar, without actually explaining anything to you or how to utilize it. It gives you fish instead of teaching you how to fish.
Always had the impression codecademy was a series of tutorials to pick up a new language, not a programming course
This. It's a starting point for learning a new language's syntax. Even if that wasn't its intended purpose.
I like how they set up things at learncodethehardway.Well, ok, I only followed the C course, but it looked ten folds more serious and professional-oriented, instead of teaching you to be a script kiddie.
learn racket, its great from a pedagogical perspective and is a powerful language in general.id start with HTDP + dr.racketitll introduce you to multiple paradigms, all at a reasonable pace and you wont have to stress out about un-nerving syntax and all of the other things that might confuse you in the beginning.its not the memebook, its the memebook improved.
I lost the link for that video again.Do you still have the youtube link?
Success story here> be in uni (non-comp sci) some years ago> have to learn C++ for project but it's all syntax, memory leaks and pointer arithmetic 101 bullshit> hear about this thing called python> do the CodeAcademy course, actually pretty okay> some small projects, eventually attracted to web dev with flask/bottle/django> get mad web dev skills from just fucking around and reading docs when needed for a ~1.5years> land a job at web app company because I know my backend and requests shit> work mostly from home, creating bullshit crud apps for digibetic customers> highest pay of all of my fellow students> everybody mirin't-thanks codeacademy!thanks codeacademy!
Learning coding by hacking games is pretty fucking funGet some free game like Soldat and start with Cheat Engine, then slowly progress to translating your cheatengine trainers to code
Bump for this, I know it's MIT OCW  but I can't find it.
but common lisp superior
Alternatively learn a language that's actually being used in real life
Like Rust and D!
It's a base man, learn the basics and move on. It's not a place to learn everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Op3QLzMgSY&list=PLB63C06FAF154F047http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-001-structure-and-interpretation-of-computer-programs-spring-2005/video-lectures/>completely relevant and objective commentwe're talking about pedagogy m8
Holy shit why is this so difficult for you fucksGo to the library and get some books about java, alternatively buy the best rated beginner's book on amazondone
use scratch.that will get you into the starter programming stuff and get you thinking about how to program.then convert that knowledge to an industrial language
>implyingor learn how to program and then learn syntax for more languages as needed.furthermore, name the language and accompanying course material that you recommend.
Or learn how to program in a language that's actually being used while learning the syntax of a language that's actually being used at the same timeI'm sorry your college class is such a waste of time, but don't try to justify it by dragging others down
if you have an alternative to what ive presented then kindly share it as opposed to the bitching and autistism-grade projection that you have on offer right now.picking a language is a crap-shoot as far as employment is concerned and op obviously isnt pursuing a cs degree presently, so i doubt he'll have any cause to learn this un-named unemployment panacea youve been alluding to.
Ok, kid.
Good for intro but it's day 1 level. After you finish you have to go learn the language for real.Except html css cause that is a 1 day learn.
Ignore anybody suggesting obscure academic languages. The more popular the language the more help you'll find by googling shitHead to amazon, get a book that has good rating and is appealing to you and just start
>refuses to offer alternativethats what i figured.
Ok, kid
why did they all it 'codecademy' and not 'code academy'? was it a typo
What is the best book on C?
Ok, kid
Ok, kid
C#/Java A lot of people think they are shitty languages, but why should you start with them?Because fucking half the world knows them, you can google some obscure issue and you are bound to find help, regardless of whether or not people think the languages are good, they are widely used and there are a lot of resources, /g/ will tell you to use some language nobody uses and it just makes it harder.
Ok, kid
I can understand that argument.the anon that i assumed to be op asked about the "best place to learn".i suppose my interpretation of that question simply speaks to the type of person that i am: i gave more regard for the theory and pedagogy than practicality.however, as far as practicality goes, if op ever intends on getting a job in software, he'll learn python and C/C++/Java etc. syntax out of necessity while pursuing his cs degree.>makes it harder10 seconds on libgen
>far it feels to me like a big scam some howThe meaning of this word is lost nowYou  pussy bitches don't even know the meaning
well... it does "feel" like a scam to me.like when someone is trying to con you, you get a sense for it. the same is true on the internet.it doesnt fee quite megavideo grade, but i definitely understand where OPs coming from.now what exactly it is theyre scamming... muh privacy? /g/nutards would tell you they are.as far as scams go, its a bit thin, but the site does definitely come across as solicitous.
>Installed linux (eOS Freya)>inb4 install gentoo>sudo apt-get update && apt-get upgrade>tried to install vlc>unmet dependencies >tried to install gparted>same shit>tried to install Synaptic Package Manager>same shitwhy is linux such shit?
>Blaming the kernel for eOS's fuck upsGood one
>eOSmaybe if you just donated this wouldn't have happened.
>eosheres your problem, try arch, it doesnt have this problem
Windows 8 and later don't have this problem.
>using "I want osx but also linux" - the OSGo buy a mac you doublenigger.
install gentoo
holy shit /g/.OP here. How do I fix this shit?
I hope you didn't steal it OP
the dependencies usually install when you install something through the cliyou are using the cli, no?
It's the same thing. It also shows me the same message about unmet dependencies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTFwrd9gYtc
something must be wrong with eOS then, ive never had that type of problem with the many distros ive triedthe only time i get shit about dependencies is when im building from source
You can't, unless you would find a way to add all the stable ubuntu/debian repositories.This shit happens because you try to install stuff from the ubuntu software center, while eOS tries to use different software repositories that are obviously not maintained properly.Does eOS even come with a cli package manager installed by default?
>why is linux such shit?Blaming a very good kernel for the problems of one of the shittiest distros.
>Does eOS even come with a cli package manager installed by default?i believe so, last time i used it ( the one before freya) used apt
Correction: Why is Elemantry OS so shit?I don't know.Install a good distro like Mint or Xubuntu.
does apt-get -f install help?
This bullshit is the reason I'm using FreeBSD with it's stable base and rolling-release packages/ports.
Should I even ask, how you managed to fuck this up OP?Even my little sister is able to use the ubuntu software center, why can't you?
>linuxhere's your problem
>Installed windows (millenium)>inb4 install windows 7>connect it to the internet>tried to install my graphics drivers>windows has performed an illegal operation>tried to install chrome>same shit>tried to install cs:go>same shitwhy is windows such shit?
>windows millennium older then your average fag/g/ot>eOS bleeding edge achievement of Loonixthanks Lennart
Millennium and 7 are less related than Linux and OS X.
>use distro for faggots>complains that it sucks cock
I can't believe that I actually went into a VM just to test if EOS is really that broken and then its fucking NOTHING. Look at this, see what this is? Its a working software manager. Fuck you OP, you dumb piece of shit you probably just fucked something up and bricked everything cause you can't follow simply instructions or read whats on the screen.
Which ISO? Did you update it before installing vlc?
https://forums.geforce.com/default/topic/833016/geforce-700-600-series/gtx-780-possible-fail-as-performance-in-the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-/57/>nvidia usersNot even fucking once
>pc gamingNot even once
nvidia administ rator... Be aware,that hacker can come on forum anytime. You are big ZEROstop fighting against me, green looseRs...Be aware,that hacker can come on forum anytime. You are big ZEROyour most advanced multiple detection icluding Incapsula DDOS is useless against hacker..ll..
What the fuck did I just read?
All those guys with defective cards or unstable overclock blaming it on the drivers.kek
go stick your xbox up your dickhole you dirty peasant

Recently had to get the screen replaced on my phone (Moto G), when I got it back there was a load of condensation under the front camera, I haven't been able to get it out with the traditional bag of rice, what can I do?Pic unrelated
Bumping
Put it in the microwave on low for a couple of minutes
This is a moto G, only iPhones are microwave compatible
no matter what anyone else told you rice is not a good desiccantgo steal a bunch of those do not eat packets out of shoe boxes and use those
Does texting the following in an SMS crash an iPhone?effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ 冗
Not an iFag but I think my friends said it worked. I don't think it works all the time though
not an iFag either, so I can't check.
I sent it to iPhone users, their phone was fine.
what phone /iOS?it works on iOS 8
apparently works on iOS 6+is iOS 8 out?
It's yet another hole in the shitstain known as Core Text, though the OS X version is much sturdier and is unaffected.
I thought this came out in 2013.Are devices still affected?
لُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ冗Using the retarded Arabic or whatever string before and after the 'effective. Power' seems to work for me.If it fucks with you guys, send a photo to the person that sent to to you, through the Photos application. It obstructs the string and allows you to load the application normally.
u fucked my mac asshole
Only works if send from another iPhone
i texted it to my little brother but he said it didnt do anything.
how is that possible? what version are you running? i'm on an unpatched 10.10.0 installation on my hackintosh and it's handling this shit fine.oh wait are you trolling? you shouldn't put yourself in a position where anyone with a mac can report that their device is fine. it makes you look feeble-minded
what phone / OS version?
that is correct, people browsing this thread with safari may also crash
Works on IOS 8 but so far only when shown as a notificationand no boot loop, just restart
Thanks for the verification
It werks when you post it on Normiebook.
Man, I can't wait for everyone who sends this to be v&
I have two iphones, do you want me to try this and record it?
yes plz
Via messaging or a wall post?
I can confirm it works via messaging, no idea if it works with wall posting because nobody has complained so far
WHAAAAAAAAATT!! IT ACTUALLY WORKS!!i'm uploading the video now
how do i fix this ram
Stop pick up stuff from garbage bin Jamal!
use a soldering-iron and solder it to your motherboard
Duct tape should do it
Microwave it until it sits flush again
Buy more ram then replace the chips
He's dead, Jim.
ok i took one out am i doing it right ill buy a new one to replace it with soon
forgot pic
180ºC for 20 minutes an a fan-forced oven 220ºC for 25 minutes otherwise; cook till golden brown
Epick jus epic
Consider suicideThat'll fix it
It's the newest Apple® Mac®Pro® desktop RAM. It's supposed to be curved like that.
cum all over it and throw it in the mircrowave
super glue.Make sure you inhale frequently while using it.
Haha epic i will share this epic bread on reddit to get many upvotes ;-)
this is going to be a good thread
ram it up your ass
OP is certainly a faggot for replying to himself this whole thread
Fuck you, faggot. I hate people who have to destroy every old thing because they bought something better
Microwave it, it boosts speed and latency potential.
>go to google translate>spanish to english>type "nvidia">nothing>add "e" to the beginningYou jelly amdfags?
I like your meme pic. Could you post the source?
nice to see someone using my oc

Hey g,Could anyone help me get a better understanding of Moore's law?I understand the fact that the number of silicon atoms we use for the bridges are getting smaller and smaller up to a point where we might actually run into some quantum tunneling problems in the near future, but the question I was asking myself is how do the manufacturers do all of this, I mean reducing the amount by 2 every 16 months or so I believe, are they constantly upgrading their factories and such, I really can't quite grasp how the RnD process works.Thanks for any help.
Gentoo
>lawMore of a guideline, really.
Hi there! You seem to have made a bit of a mistake in your post. Luckily, the users of 4chan are always willing to help you clear this problem right up! You appear to have used a tripcode when posting, but your identity has nothing at all to do with the conversation! Whoops! You should always remember to stop using your tripcode when the thread it was used for is gone, unless another one is started! Posting with a tripcode when it isn't necessary is poor form. You should always try to post anonymously, unless your identity is absolutely vital to the post that you're making! Now, there's no need to thank me - I'm just doing my bit to help you get used to the anonymous image-board culture!
Well I guess I wasn't prepared for the day /g/ became /b/.I'm sad now.
Fuck off
Actually I just remembered its that time of the year when its hot outside and fully grown mature adults start their holidays. In which case welcome newfriend.
its a process through which the power density and leakage of a processor worsen requiring it to be clocked lower
That was years ago anon.Both v and g are at an all time low.I'm interested in the topic myself. You might have a better time asking /sci/ [spoiler]or even r9k[/spoiler]
Lack of preparation makes me sad tooDo you want to add me on reddit?
Every 2 years the technology is supposedly more advanced, so they can cram more transistors into the same space and pump twice as much power. Unknown to many, Moore's law has actually started to asymptote already and were starting to see the limitations of silicon based technology.The quantum stuff is about us finding out way to the 5nm and not really knowing how to design components that are smaller, 5nm is incredibly tiny, literally counting the atoms in width tiny. Anyway, it's time for quantum computing, it's just a much bigger jump from silicon to quantum (carbon?) than from 15nm to 5nm, it could take centuries. This means from at least 2030 to 2100, developers can't whore memory and can't expend too much cpu. Microsoft is wrecked, naturally.
fuck you, falcon's cool
Lollipop is literally cancer, almost every root app I use still doesn't support this shit and it's UI is almost as bad as iOS. Still love kitkat but every fucking ROM developer has ditched support and they've left it on a nightly build. Do you fags know of any Roms that are still developing stable builds?
>every root appWhat fucking "root apps" besides Greenify, a GNU/Linux chroot and AdAway do you need?Did you mean Xposed modules?
Hi /g/I wanna root my phone.I'm pretty into ricing, but I don't feel like I have enough options as it is. I tried following some tutorials on how to get my phone rooted but I always bumped into obstacles and a lot of confusion.Wanna help me?>Pic related: the phone we are rooting
read the sticky
>Wanna help me?No. If you're too stupid to read forums/guides and figure it out on yourself this thread wouldn't help you anyway.
I have a few questions about the new pastacfw for 3DS. Is the cfw still in place after the device has been powered down? And can I install it via a pirated Cubic Ninja(gateway). It's a shame it doesnt support emunand though.I'd love me some gba games on my 3ds.I tried the gba emulator but sprites are messed up. I also had this problem with ds roms using the blue gateway card and a r4sdhc dual core. It seems like the spritesheet animations use the wrong coordinates because they mess up when animating, like seeing the wrong part of the spritesheet while it's animating. I'm seeing the middle of 4 frames when its animating, the alignment varies though. I hope people understand what i mean, its kinda hard to explain. I'll try to make an image. Could this be a problem with the formatting of my sd card? Maybe someone on here has the same problem. 3D graphics are fine.
>/vg/
>Is the cfw still in place after the device has been powered down?nopethats why once you're in a patched fw, you don't turn it off often, just use sleep mode
Ah thanks, I was hoping it was flashed onto my device, or written to my emunand that'd be awesome.
It does not stay after you power it down, but you can put it in sleep mode perfectly fine.If you want EmuNAND, use RxTools. However you won't get any of the Pasta CFW features while in EmuNAND mode, but it will allow you to play cartridge based games that are completely new and not compatible with 9.2.
Alright thanks! Still having problems with the sprites, I have the same problem in BlargSnes but maybe that's just rom incompatibility.
I just noticed this is only the case when using the hardware renderer. The software renderer works fine. Is my hardware fucked? Or are these just crappy emulators.
Hardware rendering will always be less accurate than software rendering. With software rendering, if the emulated hardware does something retarded, you can just code around it, something that's much harder when writing a hardware renderer. Software is much slower though.
What is /g/'s favourite DE and why is it Cinnamon?
GNOME 3 master race reporting in. Cinnamon is fucking rubbish, at least use Xfce if you don't like GNOME for some reason. Or OpenBox. Or an autistic tiling WM.Basically anything but Cinnamon.
Cinnamon's OK. Personally quite fond of Gnome 3, but i'm stuck with KDE Plasma 5 on Fedora 21 for the time being because "muh ati", and i'm finding it very "meh". It's ok, but it's different enough to be frustrating to adapt to. Currently missing the ability to have virtual desktops on only one display.Hoping the Fedora 22 KDE spin does plasma 5 a little more elegantly.
Unity
> Cinnamon> not MateWhy
XFCE
I'd use it if they fixed the issue preventing people from being able to bind the windows/meta key to switch desktops and tile windows
u wot m8I haven't really tried Mate yet, what's good about it?>Massive Resource Waste>Bloat>Botnet Lenses & SearchDo I have to go on?
> I haven't really tried Mate yet, what's good about it?It's only the Gnome 2
>Do I have to go on?You can sperg out all you want, shitbird.
Looking goodIf by good you mean incredibly badGNOME3 just fucking sucks if you're using it on a desktop PC. What were they thinking? Why does Debian now use it as the default DE?Good jokeIt's a somewhat fucked up Gnome2.
Fuck you Mr Lahey.
>Why does Debian now use it as the default DE?Because it's amazeballs lol xD
Everyone who not uses xfce is a massive faggot mentall retarded and should commit suicide
I used to use it. Then I discovered LXDE was better and did not have screen tearing issues.
>betterExplain; I call bullshit.>screen tearingThis is your fault, not Xfce's. Learn to configure you fat shit.
Currently using XFCE, but only after using LXDE for years only to see bug after bug being ignored.  I'm hopefull for LXQT.
Not him, but what config file is relevant for screen tears because the anemic gui options have no good config options.
The problem is with xfce's stock compositor, so it is xfce's fault
Xfce mouseturd rice
disable Xfce compositorinstall comptonenable vsync = "opengl-swc"

Lg g2 user here.This update literally ruined my phone.Random reboots, terribly bogged down, wifi losing connection ever fucking 2 minutes.Guys what do I do.
see 
Can you please tell me how I can revert back to 4.4.4Please
i put it on my galaxy s4 and it turned my menus pastle blue/green.That's about it.Oh and the wallpaper and widget menu buttons are a bit different.
Please help me revert guys I'm retarded
Backup shit with TiBuUnlock bootloaderInstall TWRP using fastbootDownload a non-shitty rom like Chroma or SlimLPClear /data, /system, /cacheFlash ROMFlash Slim Zero GappsFlash SuperSuRebootProsper
Just do a factory reset.  Updating via OTA is buggy because there is a lot of kruft from your previous version.
YOUTUBE
DIDN'T YOU HEAR THE NEWS?GOOGLE SUCKS.
upgrade to a zenfone 2
>recommending the GOAT memephoneI like you
i double dog dared someone to buy one a couple days ago and they did
Welcome to Lollipop!
That was me!  I hope I don't regret the purchase.  You should work for SNSV, you are a good marketer.  Do you even have one?
mine came in today, really like it so far
How does Apple not block this shithole website?Do they shill from the store?
Good to hear.  I hope I can get reasonable battery life once I'm done debloating it.  It just changed the status of the order from "packaging" to "shipped", so hopefully it gets here by Friday! :D
They pay for shilling here, are you new?
Just factory reset. Lollipop is perfectly fine on my D802.
>They pay for shilling hereooh, look who thinks he matters
shill pls
Search for stock 4.4 for your phone and for cwm recovery, then flash cwm recovery through pc, and finally put stock ROM zip file on sd card and flash it from cwm.Xda should have all the info.
That is a shame, if you can root it, I would.Nexus 5 here:>OptiPop Rom (5.1.x base)>Uber KernelI get slightly better screen on time when going all out than I did on KitKat, and it has the smoothness and speed of Lollipop.Don't get me wrong, I waited a very long time to upgrade to Lollipop, but once 5.1.1 was released, I felt it was safe, and it turned out fine.
Install a custom rom, I'm using blisspop and everything is working fine.
Same, g2 & G3 User here, Option 1: Factory Reset - Apparently fixes most bugs and gets the phone running how it shouldOption 2: Install a Cloudy Rom, Great Roms, Deodexed ( see cloudyg2 - cloudyg3)Option 3: Revert to KK
>not doing a factory reset after getting lollipopAlso dont forget to downgrade your bootloader to JB before going back to KK
Am I the only one here who loved the update?Apart from status bar color not adjusting to apps (yet) it's an epic update. Looks sexy as fuck. Fast. Battery life got better. I dunno. Lucky I guess. :3

>Apart from status bar color not adjusting to apps (yet) it's an epic update.Why would someone want this?
It looks good that's why
same herebattery life seems about the same, memory usage is a bit better, that's about it.
Me fucking too!! Lollipop crippled my G2 and I'm pissed! It used to be such a good phone. Now it's crap!
Still crap after restore.
How does one revert to KK?
Thanks OP. At least I'm not crazy and can vent a little about it.
Only way to afford to shill from an apple product
Fine here on PA 5.1. Though, the latest update fixed all of those issues you mentioned.
you don't. you're here forever now.
>mfw got stuck in a bootloop thanks to 5.1.1>mfw cwm couldn't mount cache and data>mfw started shitting myself>mfw restore 4.2.2 backup and it takes a fucking eternity while a sweat blood>mfw the motherfucker finally reboots 2 hours later
>on sd card>Lg g2
Another g2 user here;When i call people, they can't hear me talking, like the volume of my mic is super low. I have ok google unticked. Don't know what else to do.I'm on kitkat, haven't rooted. How do i update to lollipop? It was saying i need pc suite but it won't recognise my phone
bump, particularly for the volume question!
First of all, never take OTA if rooted, it's a recipe for disaster.The least error prone way to upgrade is to put your phone in download mode (power off, then hold volup while inserting usb) and use firmware recovery option in "lgmobile support tool". Avoid the pc suite.
Me3, app switching is so smooth now compared to kitkat it's ridiculous.
5.1.1 seems to have made my Nexus 4 better.  Smooth and the battery life seems much better.
Same results on a Nexus 5.
>use "lgmobile support tool". Avoid the pc suite.This is good to know as I've tried to use pc suite and can't even get it to recognise my g2. hopefully this can be used to update to lollipop.Still hoping to get advice on my volume issue in . Might make a separate thread if I don't hear soon
D855. having major battery issues and random lag issues on Lollipop.
I'm not having connection issues or random reboots but my battery is draining like a bitch now.
Man, did I dodge a bullet, got impatient and switched to cyanogen nightlies, except for the gyro being buggy its great. Was |just| thinking about going to loli-stock as well.
Do this.
>shitty battery life>shitty cameraNo, thanks
I used to have a Palm Pre+ with a touchstone and it was the greatest fucking thing ever.So I decided to give this whole Qi Wireless Charger thing a try.I picked up a simple base (actually pictured) and receiver (a thin 600 mah one that goes directly into the power connector) for my phone.Is it supposed to get HOT AS FUCK?How would I fix the heat?  Better receiver?  I hear the 1.2 spec is supposed to be better, but do I need a 1.2 spec receiver to take advantage of this?  How can I find which are 1.2 and which aren't?  It doesn't seem to list which is which.Better transmitter?My currently charges 600 mah, would getting a high rated one (900 mah etc) cut down on heat?
Put your phone on an induction stove.
You tried to cheat the system with a five dollar chung ching charger. Enjoy your house fire while you sleep.
>You tried to cheat the system with a five dollar chung ching charger. Enjoy your house fire while you sleep.I have a fermi gpu so I already have a fire extinguisher in my room.So just to be clear, a normal Qi charger DOESN'T get hot as fuck?
>fermikek, thank you for this
So tl;dr shell out for real stuff and stop buying the chinese shit.
> transmitter charges in units of energyWhat the fuck is this supposed to mean
I had palm pre + decent phone with terrible app store and crappy screen but it had 3g hotspot so I was happy. After a year or two they got bought by hp or something. Got a HTC thunderbolt. Great phone... too bad there wasn't a second version.
It's just some of the cheap chinese ones that heat up a lot.  I had one that looked like the pic you posted and it burned out after a couple months.  opened it up and one of the little chips was entirely ash with scorch marks around it lol.  It came with a wireless charge kit for my old galaxy s3, so I went and bought another.  the one I have now looks like a rounded triangle and is pretty small.  It does not heat up much at all, though is a lot more particular about where you place your phone.  was like $5 or so, dirt cheap as well since it was also from china.  it's a 1000ma rated charger and it gets pretty close to that regularly.
>It's just some of the cheap chinese ones that heat up a lot. I had one that looked like the pic you posted and it burned out after a couple months. opened it up and one of the little chips was entirely ash with scorch marks around it lol. It came with a wireless charge kit for my old galaxy s3, so I went and bought another. After experimenting with it I found using my PCs usb port instead of wall wart causes a lot less heat.I will replace the charging base though.  Found a round Anker one with rave reviews almost everywhere.Just wanted to know if it was the receiver or transmitter really.
is getting a gtx 760 still viable? ~150 usdare there better deals? thanks(shell out for 970? cant really wait for next gen really)
bump
no and no290x or bust. this gen had a big shift in brand power
also remember amd = sapphiredon't go EVGA if you somehow feel compelled to go nvidia. they're no longer top dog, and MSI is.
>don't go EVGA if you somehow feel compelled to go nvidia. they're no longer top dogSince when and why?
I'd bump that
maybe if he wants to fry an egg the 290x is a good idea
if you don't think you need the extra power that newer cards will get you, it's probably great, especially at that pricehopefully just an unfunny troll
Can't you get 960 or some other shit for 150?
960 would be better, for the same price, no?Also, consider the R9 280, too.
And the 760 is viable if you're trying to roast a ham
while i can't speak for kepler, their recent GTX 900 series has been shit. there is a HUGE amount of coil whine, and ACX coolers are simply a piece of shit compared to their superior twinfrozr siblings. i say this as a 970 owner too btw, thank god i went with MSI.
http://techreport.com/review/27702/nvidia-geforce-gtx-960-graphics-card-reviewedGTX 960 is faster and has modern features like 4K HEVC decodingGTX 760 is slower than GTX 960 in every benchmark

Anyone know how I can fuck a friends S6 edge up? He recently sent me this arabic message to my iphone 6 plus so now i cant open my imessage anymore. Now i really wanna fuck him up. Any idea?
http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/apple-ios-bug-sees-message-app-crash-iphone-reboot-simply-by-receiving-message-1503083I know one of you knows the crash string. Lets find it and spread some havoc.
It was posted and probably discovered there yesterday, lurk more
بُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ 冗 effective. Power لُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ
Xperia Z vs Samsung Galaxy Note IIwhich one?
Gentoo
Mlais M52 Red Note.
>owning a phone
What to do with old computers?I have a few older computers, and I want to do something with them. I don't feel like selling, donating or recycling. I also don't want any of them on 24/7, due to power usage.Are there any worthwhile projects/software that you can mess around with from time to time? I've done the whole media center, router, web hosting, nas, emulation stuff already.Specs are:Pentium 3 733MHz, 256 RAM, 40GB HDDIntel Pentium Dual Core 2.2GHz, 3GB RAM, 500GB HDD, 4870 1GB AMD Sempron 145 2.8GHz, 6GB DDR3 RAM, 500GB HDD, 6570 1GB <- this can be upgraded to a modern machines with a new CPUSL500 Thinkpad,Core 2 Duo 2.26 GHz, 1GB RAM, 120GB HDDA few random items, voodoo 3, 9700 pro, amd x2 mobo/cpu 2gb of RAM
servers, legacy compatibility, OS testing, whatever, they're computers, they do what any other computer doesnone of those look terribly over the top on power consumption either
So far I'm thinking of doing a clean install of various operating systems, loading a ton of older software and games, also keeping old backups. And placing them in storage, if I ever feel like pull one out and mess around. Maybe sell them for retro PC gaming 20-30 years from now, or give it to my grandchildren.
>Pentium 3 733MHz, 256 RAM, 40GB HDDWindows 95>Intel Pentium Dual Core 2.2GHz, 3GB RAM, 500GB HDD, 4870 1GB>AMD Sempron 145 2.8GHz, 6GB DDR3 RAM, 500GB HDD, 6570 1GB <- this can be upgraded to a modern machines with a new CPUBSD servers>SL500 Thinkpad,Core 2 Duo 2.26 GHz, 1GB RAM, 120GB HDDLinux desktop
Sell me the ThinkPad, fuck everything else.> I don't feel like selling, donating or recycling.pls
>Pentium 3 733MHz, 256 RAM, 40GB HDDWill do for a 9x gaming machine>Intel Pentium Dual Core 2.2GHz, 3GB RAM, 500GB HDD, 4870 1GB Might do for light gaming (2007-2009)>SL500 ThinkpadOld XP machine.
Throw them out and live with the joy of not spending your free time autistically fiddling with outdated tech, with which you can use for more meaningful pursuits.
>AMD Sempron 145 2.8GHzI've just googled this, they were still making single core desktop CPU's in 2010? For the AM3 socket?Anyway, load the middle 2 up with a load of games and give them to a local kids charity or some kids you know or something. Bin the top one and give the Thinkpad to a poor kid. No need for hoarding them.
Re-read OP.> I have a few older computers, and I want to do something with them. I don't feel like selling, donating or recycling. I also don't want any of them on 24/7, due to power usage.> I don't feel like selling, donating, or recycling.
Not worth my time sorry, the machine is in perfect condition, I still use it sometimes. The value of it isn't that much anyways. I used the SL500 to during university to avoid printing articles, this machine cost me around $500 but saved me well over $3000 in books/printing over a few years.That is an option I guess, but it's possible to enjoy computers and not be autistic.I got a cheap AM3+ mobo for like $10 from ebay due to a price error, then bought that processor for $20 off ebay from someone. It's crap, but didn't feel like getting FX at the time due to huge price difference. I managed to unlock the second core on it, so it's a bit faster. It was a learning experience I haven't messed with AMD cpus in a decade, runs Windows 7 & Lubuntu, okayish. I'll get a fx 6300 down the road if I see it for $30-$50 used.I also built a G3258 system recently, just to mess with it and also sitting idle, hooked up to a tv that no one every watches. But actually a really fast and responsive machine.
I make mame arcades out of them
I've done the whole emulation thing already, and bored of it. I was never into arcade games as a kid in the early 90s, I had a sega genesis before I got into computers.
I have around 10 older computers too. I don't use them.. But i would never throw them away.
Why would you use Win95 instead of 98?Put the voodoo in that machine and use it to play older games, should work really well.
Kinda pointless since most older games play fine on a newer computer with XP.  The Voodoo 3 was not powerful enough to play much at 1600x1200.There's nothing a PIII with a Voodoo 3 can do that a Phenom II X4 with a 4870 can't do much, much, much better.
Not all games run fine with too modern drivers/OSes and too fast CPUs. Also you could play most DOS games on the P3.
Use them to make a robot, a killer robot.
Sell it or just use it to fuck around, I used to sandbox my old P4 and test malware on it, pretty cool. There's not much you can do with them, unless you have extreme autism and like installing linux distros on outdated hardware.
this.I also have a lot of old hardware, which are whole floor to adapt to capacity in memory, video, microprocessor, and install them plenty of video retro games and sell them as "retro pc's" (works, no kidding there are many nostalgic people willing to pay).In my case, well, I usually buy housings arcade games on ebay and adapt to unusual or unseen games. You can research on several internet forums that say how to do.
Hi guys, i was buy that part to make my music. Affter few mouth it`s start broking, its starts bumping. I mean when im recording on Mic i hear bumping, after record it`s still in recording file. What should i do, how to repair it?
try a can of air or get a new one
Damn I had this exact same issue on my recordings and if I remember right it was in Garage Band with the Scarlett 2i2. It wasn't bumping but more clicking and you CANNOT repair the tracks after that have been recorded thusly. There is a fix, but I'm not currently remembering and I don't have a mac anymore so I can't look it up on the machine.
Is there any piece of tech that had an odder unexpected extended lifespan than the PowerPC 7xx/G3 family, introduced in 1997 for use in Apple computers and still powering the Wii U?
Doubt it.Just reading through http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PowerPC_7xx , why are these things so based?
Nintendo shill go away.
Motorola 68000 is still in use today for low power PLCs and it was the cpu in both the original Mac and the sega genesis.  You'd be surprised how long some chips are used.
z80 cpus are still used in small electronics, graphing calculators, and etc.It was started to be sold in the 70s.
Zilog Z80
The wheel.  Doubt the guy who invented it thought it would one day be used on jumbo jets.
Intel P6 if it counts.
555 timer, I'm guessing it's probably the oldest IC that's still being made (or at least common)
I just replaced the fan and heatsink in my laptop (Vaio Pro 13), and now my temperatures are going crazy. See pic related, they jump from 50 to 90 constantly.Should I be worried? Should I open it back up and resit the heatsink? Is it a faulty sensor? \i used thermal paste, seated it properly etc etc so what did I do wrong?
Long story short, I was at my college's library and left my t520 unattended for a few minutes. When I got back I saw a Hispanic running out the room with my Thinkpad. Being the autist that I am, I became really depressed and started crying. A few hours later I received a call from the school saying someone had found my laptop and brought it to the lost and found. What seems to have happened was the guy was trying to use it but couldn't figure out what the fuck was going on, probably thinking it was worthless/broken so he just brought it to the lost and found to avoid criminal charges.
same reason manual cars are less stolen
wow, never thought I'd see the day that linux was actually useful
Why would someone use Loo nucs for anything but a server?
Should have cried louder to get everyone's attention on the thief
>I was at my college's library and left my t520 unattended for a few minutesMy little anon couldn't be this pleb. I see normalfags doing this all the time, and I couldn't even imagine leaving my laptop in the "care" of random strangers.
Thieves are smarter than we give them credit for.
>I became really depressed and started crying
Generally if you wear a fedora people don't want to touch the things you own.
Your first mistake was not shooting him.
Don't you people have to learn how to drive manual cars on the US?I though every country in the world made you learn on manual ones to get your license.
This is why I use twinfish full disk encryption on all of my computers.
THIS HIS
>I though every country in the world made you learn on manual ones to get your license.How if you don't own a manual? Should they give you a free practice car to learn in too? :^)
>I saw a Hispanic running out the roomWhy the fuck wouldn't you pursue him and attack him with your autism strength?
>things that never happened for $100, AlexHispanics are bro-tier, even more so than Sikhs, they simply wouldn't go around stealing shit, especially in an university.Take this /pol/ filth to its correspondent board.
Of course, what else would our 80% taxrate go towards?
>I became really depressed and started cryingI'm glad you are okay now anon. As a guy born in Chile I fucking hate spics thieves, they are lazy human scum.
>Should they give you a free practice car to learn in too? :^)Considering these people all live in socialist 'utopias' and think everything should be 'free', they'd probably say yes.
They simply issue you a license that says you're only allowed to drive automatics.
You deserved to have it stolen, retard.
Such stale old pasta...
>hispanics>in collegefake
Well here in Brazil you gotta pay classes (Take at least some 15 hrs of theory [i think, may be more] + driving tests) to get your license and you're obligated to learn how to drive on a manual car.You don't need to own a car previously to get a license, you use the "auto school" one. So if you know how to drive an manual you sure as hell know how to drive an auto.
>Don't you people have to learn how to drive manual cars on the US?been licensed driving for 15 years, I've never learned to drive manualthen again, I'm not about that whole "pure driving experience" thing that a lot of aut/o/s like to spout
^thisare you SURE it wasn't actually a nigger?
>Don't you people have to learn how to drive manual cars on the US?You realize maybe 90-95% of cars sold in the states are automatics, right? There's no point in them learning manual when they'll never encounter one ever.
>linux's use is to be useless to 99.9% of the population
Can't you just bribe your way to a license? I don't think licenses should even be required to drive tbh
>Can't you just bribe your way to a license?Not worth it, if you have time to spare you can get your license in 5 days.If you bribe your way to it or get a fake one you can get arrested for a somewhat long time.
Why does manual still exist? >I sure do enjoy doing things that can be done automatically for me but choose to do it the hard wayThese people must use linux...
I think it's because they can sell auto as a premium?It can't be that much harder to manufacture, maybe there are licensing/approval costs?Sounds like a bait topic for /o/
>It can't be that much harder to manufacture, maybe there are licensing/approval costs?Automatics are complicated as fuck. Pic related, they're pretty much mechanical computers (at least before they WERE computerized) and this is only a small part of the mess.With this level of complexity, it's hard to imagine that they work at all.
All of this impotent sperging could have been avoided with one of these.
>became really depressed and started cryingPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYPUSSYUSSY
Would have been easier with one of these. Literally $249 on Classic Firearms.
>easiernegro pleasea cheap kensigton lock costs like $10
>classic firearms>holy shit I could get guns online!>won't ship to California>that's the only state>gonna get my shit stolen by Mexicans now
You live right next to a freedom state. Move to AZ. I'm moving to PA so I can experience freedom, as soon as I finish school, that is.
Why PA? What part? Can't you buy a cheap used gun from a pawn shop or a stolen gun from mexicans?
>Returns it to Lost & Found>Doesn't spend months learning how it works to make use of the fact he stole it in the first place and then proceeding to find his way to /g/ and shitpost like everyone else becoming the very thing the person who originally owned the laptop wasWhat a shitty fucking thief.
Don't go to a ghetto college.
>Why PA? What part?Fewer car laws than NJ, and pretty much no gun laws in comparison to NJ.I like my rights respected.
I'm hispanic and there's plenty of scummy hispanics, if anything I'm surprised OP showed restraint and didn't say 'I saw a spic running out the room with my thinkpad'. struck me as a very liberal thing to do "sure, he took something very valuable to me but I wouldn't like to call him mean stuff."
This.I do this for short bathroom breaks, never had a problem.Plus, full encrypted hdd, backups, and a used thinkpad that's on the cheap end means I don't worry a huge amount.
4818111Also, it makes really shitty cars slightly more fun to drive
>bringing a firearm to an academic institution>see Mexican guy stealing your laptop>Shout, "STOP, THIEF!">He runs faster>You shoot him in the leg to stop him.>Immediately get swarmed by the entire police force, helicopters, and military attack jets.>You are then quickly restrained, beaten, and shot by the police.>You are now a vilified school shooter.>Mexican guy is in terrible pain, sues you for assault and rape.>Fundraiser for Dindunuffirito Burritos>Court date comes>Sentenced to 17 life sentences for crimes against humanity.>Mexican guy laughs in your face and proceeds to impregnate your entire family.>Everyone is getting a mexi-baby>You're getting kidney-scraped by Big Black Bubba for 17 life sentencesThat's what would happen in California, at least.
Fedoras are our true allies, don't listen to Reddit shock and awe divide and conquer feminazis.
>DindunuffiritoShould be Noy Cenada
Go back to the sewers /pol/fag
But why the north east?
hispanics are shit, their crime rate is almost the same as niggers. dont try to shill on here because you sucked your gay mexican friends dick
a few years back i wrote a script that would beep a laptop really loud if any usb devices or the power cord was unplugged. also if any of the hard drive motion sensors changed above a certain amount. was pretty easy to script on linux.
>he's never driven manualMissing out on life.
Because performance, and fuel efficiency. It's like Linux vs OSX, some people like complete control of their shit instead of being a babby that requires a magic box to solve things they can't do.
>tfw live in NJ>Can't use any weapons to legally defend myself on the street from criminals.
Shooting someone for grabbing your computer? You just turned a small monetary loss into years in prison.
Fuck off, moran.
>I like my rights respected.Yeah, yeah. Gun control has been ruled constitutional time and time again. It does not violate any of your legal rights.You COULD argue carrying weaponry is a fundamental human right, but that's just fucking stupid. And even if it were true, no ethical theory I know of says rights are absolute.
Excellent! We don't need nutjobs firing weapons in crowded areas while trying to murder people for petty theft.
Obviously OP has some very cheesy pizza on his computer. Those years in prison are nothing compared to what he would receive had someone actually gotten into his computer.
but manual is soooo much more fun to drive, wtf usa?

OP should encrypt his files. Having cheese pizza is not even close to as wrong as murder, but the US justice system is nuts and people have been sentenced to 300+ years in prison w without parole for possession of CP without actually harming a single child.That wasn't OP's post, though. That was OneSlowGTP, who is either a troll or a crazy, stupid, and evil son of a bitch. OP seems decent enough, though crying over a stolen laptop is kind of pathetic.
That depends. Obviously a sports car should be manual, but automatic is much easier. Automatic is more relaxing, I guess.Are those figures accurate? I have never driven an automatic car, so I find them hard to believe.
>Why the fuck wouldn't you pursue him and attack him with your autism strength?This.  I chased down a thief and got my shit back.>attend expensive private school>can leave your shit out in the open for days and no one will touch it
Clarification: there was ONE case of someone getting 500 years for possessing CP with no evidence he had ever harmed a minor.People do get 25+ year prison sentences for CP pretty regularly, though, and the length of sentences has increased dramatically in recent years. The mandatory minimum sentence for a first offense of receiving CP is 5 years.
>PA>freeLiterally can't buy alcohol past 8Literally can't buy alcohol in grocery store
Here in the first world we don't really see to many manuals
>Not even close to as wrong as murder, but the US justice system is nuts and people have been sentenced to 300+ years in prison w without parole for possession of CP without actually harming a single child.Wtf, do you seriously believe that CP isn't wrong?
>college>leaving laptop unatended
>tfw yurofag>tfw I'll never have funs delivered to my door
>Obviously a sports car should be manualNaw, its a niche market for guys that want to be able to peel out and feel manly in their mustang, I worked at a car dealership for a while, thats literally the only reason.
It's disgusting and it is clearly wrong to produce CP, but I see no reason to believe it's harmful to simply possess it.Arresting people for possessing CP doesn't stop the production. Most production of CP is not financially motivated and most people who download CP do not pay for it, so downloading CP doesn't encourage production.Some people claim that viewing CP leads to child molestation. However, the vast majority of people who download CP never actually molest children, so if it does lead to child molestation the relationship is not strong enough to justify the draconian sentences.Even if it is wrong to possess it, it's not so wrong that people should get the sentences they do.
why don't people lock their BIOSes??
My laptop gives a fake error message from Truecrypt if you start it up.And all data is synced through Dropbox. So if I lose my laptop nothing of value will be lost or stolen. Just a piece of hardware.
I thought you meant someone from the atheist club caught the theif.
>Obviously a sports car should be manualthat's why professional racers drive autos right? modern autos shift way faster than a human ever could...
>not having preyI know it's a pain in the ass, but come on now.
Manualfag here. Unfortunately the road design in a lot of the cities in North America is absolutely terrible and there is a ton of stop and go traffic. There's a TON of intersections and thin roads with only two or three lanes. There's also an incredible amount of construction that is always going on because the infrastructure here is shit and they prefer shitty short term fixes over proper long term ones because of collusion with construction companies and "hey its just tax dollars lel"Manual is great fun when you have a bit of breathing room, but when 90% of your commute is bumper to bumper stop and go traffic, manual fucking sucks. Starting and stopping that much also wears on your clutch a lot.
In Poland driving schools have their own fleets.
Sports cars designed for the road and not for a track aren't about breakneck performance, they are about enjoying the driving experience.People don't buy a miata or a roadster or whatever to just go fast.
you live in LA don't you
>so he just brought it to the lost and found to avoid criminal charges.Why didn't he just put it in the trash can?
Toronto
tips fedora
>Sports cars designed for the road and not for a track aren't about breakneck performance, they are about enjoying the driving experience.What experience? Having slower gear change while you pretend to be speed racer? I have a decent sports car with paddle shifters because it can go fast and handles very well. Driving as fast as you dare is what makes sports cars fun imo.People buy miatas specifically because they are tiny cars with good handling.
(in America)
Guy picks up unattended laptop and takes it to lost and found>thief
Fooking this.
>can't buy alcohol in a grocery storeI don't see anything wrong with that.Liquor stores are like 7-11s. As soon as one pops up, you'll find a mass of niggers and homeless in your neighborhood.
>picking up an unattended laptop>implying people forget their laptops>everI have never seen anyone forgot an entire damn laptop before.Take the black cock out of your ass.
In Australia if you pass your driving test in an automatic you're restricted to driving automatics in the future.>burgers too lazy to drive standardsHigh kek
>There are people in this thread who solely drive manualsBeing in the third world must fucking suck.
For once /pol/ is right though. Shooting somebody who stole your laptop, especially in a school in California will get the swat team called on you and prison time.
I have a black case on my macbook that I keep in pretty dirty condition that way none of the niggers try to take it.worked the same with my thinkpad (no case). no nigger would bother taking it because it looked so old (especially after I took all the stickers off). you could leave that shit just sitting there for hours and nobody would even consider taking it
people that possess it are often part of a network that spreads it, usually these things are sold. taking away the demand will diminish the production
nice blog post m7
I honestly don't know whether or not you Anons actually get the joke at this point.The joke was the Hispanic kid returned it to the lost and found because faggot's laptop was left unattended for an extended period of time.
not really, I don't really care about cars that muchmy 06 altima gets me around, that's all I need it for
> buying a Tokarev> not a Zastava M57Shit nigger what are you doing
> Excellent! We don't need nutjobs firing weapons in crowded areas while trying to murder people for petty theft.> We don't need nutjobs firing weapons in crowded areas while trying to murder people for petty theft.> We don't need> needDon't need more than food, water, shelter, and warmth, Anon. Don't need freedom either.
Yes.
> >tfw I'll never have funs delivered to my door> not knowing that when you order a gun you have to go to an FFLYurofag indeed.
manual only drivinglinux only computing master racemust suck being a pleb who think manual/auto loonix/botnet has anything to do with how first world your country is
> usually these things are sold.But that's not how it fucking works, retard.If it's sold, then the paper trail leads back to both you and the buyer. If you have to pay for any services, then it's seen as a honeypot by the pedo community, meaning that selling CP is nearly unprofitable.And if it is sold, then only one Anon buys it and then distributes it.Also, if nobody buys it, and you get v&, then that content is lost forever, meaning it was completely irrelevant in the first place.> taking away the demand will diminish the production> o lol if i irl permab& everybody who steals software then people will stop producing it lolThis is how retarded you sound.
 o lol if i irl permab& everybody who steals software then people will stop producing it lolexactly.if you persecute people for carrying weed, less people will want to buy it, less will be produced
You can change everything and most Desktop Enviroments are just really nice. Not only good looking but with way more features than what windows and macos offer.Also when you work a lot with linux, working FROM linux makes sense and gives you great and intuitive ways to work.
so, are youa niggerora wetback?
Okay.
"sheet es'e eets not a freedom respecting deestribution.enjoy your binary blobs, b.im taking thees to lost and found to avoid creemeenal charges."
nice arguments
>/pol/ is rightDoesn't mean we want to hear it.
Europe here, i can buy guns, rifles etc and have it delivered. (norway)
Also i can have blackpowder too delivered.
They don't deliver pizza where you're from?
Manualfag here, i dont live in the city. Its so fun with manual and over 500hk. But for cities? Yes, auto is best.
4 reasons AMD is better than Intel:Broke nigger;Broke nigger;Broke nigger;Broke nigger. AMD has less than 25% market share and is predicted to go bankrupt by 2020 if Zen fails. AMD is not better than jack shit, they are the retarded kid in class that everyone has to be dumbed down and slowed down for, so that the useless moron can keep up.
germany too.
Wait, you're serious?deal w/ it, nerdI meant in Amerikkka.What kind of guns and rifles?
Intel gave us x86, SSE, x64, as well as dual cores+.AMD is the cheap knockoff producer in the field. "lets copy intel but at quarter the performance and half the price!". What they didn't realize is that otherwise sound market strategy doesn't actually work that well in the cpu world where performance is everything, and their market share shows.I'm not supporter of the fags that say AMD's holding down intel or anything, but lets be honest, they are absolutely irrelevant and their disappearance will harm no one.
> Intel gave us x86, SSE, x64, as well as dual cores+.> x64Shit nigger what are you doing?
This is actually true. I for one am mexican and can't stand how mexicans can be BUT, they wouldn't go around a university stealing shit. Just doesn't add up.
>ton of stop and go traffic.well no wonder they don't drive manual, that especially sucks in a manual
>community college
Intel gave us IA64 (lel) . AMD gave us x86_64.
>Wait, you're serious?nice arguments again
> Being the autist that I am, I became really depressed and started crying.> Not chasing him and puch him on the faceYou're a disgrace to Thinkpads, you have the mentality of a weak Mac user.
>I became really depressed and started cryingAre you a cute girl-boy anon?
>Market shareOnly the Jew use this argument. This is a technology board, not an investment board. Your shilling is now exposed.
man if i had a W701ds and someone looted it off me I think I'd go completely apeshit.
No one deserves to be puched on the the face, man.
Kek
In the real world, market share counts, maybe not for autistic broke neckbeard losers like you, but it does.
AMD has:Better price-performance ratioLiterally invented 86_64 bit processorsNo non-free code as part of the CPUNo privacy-invading 'features' like Intel's killswitches and backdoors in 'Anti-Theft' tech
>Better price-performance ratiolol
>Obviously a sports car should be manualYou're insane to buy any kind of modern sports car with a manual transmission.The only transmission you should have in a sports car worth a damn is semi-auto dual clutch, or some variant of that.>that's why professional racers drive autos right?No FIA sanctioned racing series allows fully automatic transmissions. Since the driver has to select the gear themselves, sequential shift (semi-automatic) gearboxes are almost exclusively used in professional racing.>Miata>Go fastLOLMy VW Golf has about 50 more horsepower than a same year MX-5, yet is only about 150kg heavier.
As a matter of fact I'm an Apple user. And I think violence is not necessary. There's insurances that covers theft, or in case you have autism, there's support groups and psychologists to help you overcome this, but please don't ever do this, it's dangerous.You shouldn't use it and risk to cause permanent damages or trauma for just some material possession, and that's wrong. You might want to seek some anger management or seek help. We need to cut down with the cycle of violence.You might want to avoid mentioning the ethnic origin of your thief. Your thread is also a call for racism, all that for... a Thinkpad laptop!? He brought it back! He's not THAT bad, then!
How does it counts? Why would it matter for the end user at all?
Finally. Someone said it.
Not on a *technology*-related board, shill. GTFO.
In the UK they could sell manuals at a premium instead and people would still buy them instead of autos. People here don't want to drive automatics.
oh shit your'e rightwell the mexicans at my cc are pretty shit. Even for shit standards. You're probably right then.
1 Irellevant because I'm not a broke cheapass. 2 That was fucking ages ago and it doesn't matter anymore. 3 I don't give a fuck, because I'm not on the whole idiotic hipster "freedom" bandwagon. I pay for my shit because I am a productive member of society and my taxes most likely pay for the social support of self righteous fucktards like you. 4 I don't give a fuck, because I have nothing to hide. Fucking neckbeard hipsters piss me off, without people like me holding you fat useless fucks on our shoulders with autismbux, you retards would be fucking homeless on the streets.
There is no need to be upset.
No, that wasn't my argument.Look, CP will always be produced, and it will always be distributed. ALWAYS. The only way it can't be produced is if you immediately age to 14 upon birth, and the only way it can't be distributed is if all the software in the world was proprietary and had backdoors in it and MD5 hashes were closely monitored.As it stands now, CP is incredibly easy to acquire. Sure, sites fall and admins get v& every now and then, but there's always another that takes it's place, and any effort put forth to catch folders is wasted. When trying to catch pedofiles, it takes a great deal of money and resources. The only way that sites actually get taken down is if the admin was retarded or by sheer luck. For instance, Freedom Hosting was taken down because of a vulnerability in Firefox, and things like this http://www.couriermail.com.au/news/queensland/heroes-of-task-force-argos-went-to-extreme-lengths-to-track-shannon-mccoole-and-shut-down-sickening-pedophile-site/story-fnn8dlfs-1227365887039 happen because the admin was a fucking idiot. The money put forth to install backdoors and try to deanonymise Tor in the name of 'protecting the children' could go to some other place, like NASA. Their budget's only ~20 billion, I'm sure they could use it.Also, CP isn't necessarily 'bad'.> We publish an excerpt from the book "The Sexual Life of Savages of the North-West Melanesia" British anthropologist Bronislaw Malinowski. Malinowski spent several years on the Trobriand Islands among the natives, learning their life. Cont.
You can do that in any decent uni
back to plebbit with you, schlomo!
Look at the AMD Radeon HD 7850 vs. Nvidia 750 Ti. AMD beats or comes out equal to the Nvidia card 9/10 and costs 30% less.Same thing with the FX 6300 vs the i3 3220. Same price, FX 6300 beats it everywhere except single-core performance.Nice arguments
you're just posting a general defense of CP now, you sick fuck
Most important, better FPU than Intels. It's still a decisive thing that makes Opterons kicking the shit out of Intel Xeons in HPC.>Muh teraflops! >Here comes nVidia Tesla GPU node racks!>Oh see? Now the Xeon machine beats the shit out of the Opteron system! Even if it's out of budget.He's got a point, if for you the market counts, you know when you have a budget allowed to invest in hardware, you better optimize for the best performance per buck ratio, and same about power consumption. Even if on the benchmarks it's by a mere percent, you know it's a logarithm. The more you use it the more that little number will make all the difference.
Cont. from > The ratio of adults or parents of children to such behavior - either indifference or benign approval; they find it natural and do not see why they should scold or interfere. Usually they show tolerance, referring to an event as something fun and speaking about the love affairs of their children with light humor. I often hear the chatter complacent about this kind: "Such a (girl) already had sex with such a (boy)." And if this was the case, then he added that it was her first experience. Exchange lovers or some small love drama taking place in this little world, are discussed in jest, half seriously. Child sexual act, or any of its surrogate treated as innocent fun. "It is their game kayta (sexual relations). They give each other a coconut, a piece of betel, a few beads or fruit, brought from the bush, and then go and hide and kayta ». It's funny, the only way that they get convictions is by way of honeypots. Guess the guys who maintain the sites after they get them are the true heroes, instead of incredible hypocrites.
They mostly drive semi autos, which are sequential gearboxes that you work manually with a dog clutch which engages automatically. You still manually change gears, you just don't have to engage the clutch other than when you are stationary. An automatic would be slow as fuck out of corners.
see:The responses you read were anecdotes to the issue at hand.
why you use the keyboard then punch card input is more pure and you won't miss on computing experience?
You calling my keyboard a slut, Anon?
shit analogyyouareshit
>Look, CP will always be produced, and it will always be distributed.>When trying to catch pedofiles, it takes a great deal of money and resources. The only way that sites actually get taken down is if the admin was retarded or by sheer luck. Until someone stop them. Or get the support of a real change in politics, like forcing the authorities to enforce CP more than they enforce copyright violations. That would be a first. (spoiler: it's usually right wing parties, not faggot commies who actually are pro-pedophile scum.)here's the sad reality, hackers takes more years for exposing crucial things for the public than pedos ever get. >CP is incredibly easy to acquire.Not really, it's being spammed whenever there is a site/board with zero security, or by some kind of bitcoin pay site. >Also, CP isn't necessarily 'bad'. >British anthropologist Bronislaw Malinowski>visiting a very primitive people, shilled by a jewish socialist fuckOkay you stop this, stop this now!If a sandnigger attempts to steal my Thinkpad, even an old T60 or X60tablet, or anything I own, I can stop him. I work and exercise enough, and make him kiss the curb goodnight. Any question?
where I live the driving licence has an endorsement for manual gear box operationand it is illegal to drive a manual without thatpeople who got their licence while driving a manual can inversely drive an auto without legal issue
except spics and niggersbless james huberty
In Iowa at least there's no restriction on driving a manual trans if you took your test in an automatic.Worked out great for me, took my test in my mom's automatic, then hopped in my 5-spd clunker and started herky-jerking around with my license.
> Until someone stop them. Or get the support of a real change in politics, like forcing the authorities to enforce CP more than they enforce copyright violations.TOP FUCKING KEK M8IT'S LIKE YOU CAN'T EVEN INTO BRITAIN> That would be a first. (spoiler: it's usually right wing parties, not faggot commies who actually are pro-pedophile scum.)I know. It's ironic that the people you think are the scum of the Earth are the people fighting to protect your freedoms.> here's the sad reality, hackers takes more years for exposing crucial things for the public than pedos ever get. Not sad to me. Those CRACKERS can actually impact other people's lives in an incredibly harmful way, and the good ones are making life decisions by leaking documents to the public. Pesofiles just want a little bit of fap material. It's like if an Englishman wanted a bit of loli and went to jail for ten years, but the goy who committed money laundering only gets five.> >CP is incredibly easy to acquire.> Not really, it's being spammed whenever there is a site/board with zero security, or by some kind of bitcoin pay site.:^)> >visiting a very primitive people, shilled by a jewish socialist fuck> Okay you stop this, stop this now!He visited those people to see how children exposed to sex at an early age act. As much as I'd hate to be one of those fuckers, things that are 'bad' are things that society defines as such. The only things that are inherently bad are actions which cause another party to have their freedoms infringed upon.Oh, and, just because he was a 'jewish socialist fuck' doesn't mean it didn't happen.> If a sandnigger attempts to steal my Thinkpad, even an old T60 or X60tablet, or anything I own, I can stop him. I work and exercise enough, and make him kiss the curb goodnight.> replying to b8 unironically> Any question?Yeah, why are you such a fucking faggot?
well yeah. that's what driving schools are for. You pay, get an instructor, he has a car, and you drive? is that really such a difficult concept?
you joke, but yes
Alright, you're a conservative bigot with narrow-mindedness towards anything that's thinking differently than you. There are criminals who cause more harm than pedophiles does.There are studies made by psychologists to prove your arguments wrong because SHE is JEWISH.You're against all form of progressive dialog or understanding of human psychologyYou're calling people primitive because your religious-led society tells your values are superior to them.You're racist, and outrageously offensive. Our society would be better without people with a state of mind like yours.
Agreed on almost everything but please refrain for using the 'f' word to insult others.
Get the fuck out retard.
The first dual core x86 CPU was the AMD Athlon 64 x2. And it was a real dual core CPU. Intel's pathetic answer was the Pentium D.Literally just two housefire Pentium 4 CPUs slapped on the same package.
I appreciate you taking the same side as me, but please, man. You're never going to win an argument like that.Also,> You're racist, and outrageously offensive. Our society would be better without people with a state of mind like yours.If you make claims like this, the argument either ends, or it goes nowhere. This is completely counter-productive. Please, try to be passive-aggressive, if you are going to be aggressive, like me  , while still making your points:> > Any question?> Yeah, why are you such a fucking faggot?EZ> Agreed on almost everything'Almost' everything? What did you not agree with?Don't worry, I won't be here to blow you the fuck out, I've gotta go in a bit.> but please refrain for using the 'f' word to insult others.What, fuck? Or faggot?Why are you such a fucking faggot?Holy shitAlright, I'm out. See ya in a few hours.

bettafaggot
don't forget that there is anti monopoly law and the us military wanting two suppliers that keeps amd kickingdon't know if the soc type apu thing will work out now but others will head that way in time
Sorry but not all people are your type of "absurdly manly though guy" and it's okay. Males can cry, or avoid a fight. If someone came and threatened me, I'd be forced to give them what they want, but remain not harmed, that's logic, the trauma will be minimal.People here who legitimize violence, or advocate corporal punishment as a response to stealing a less-than-hundred dollar good or value might want to apply death penalty to car thieves, according to their logic Or why not encourage people to buy and carry firearms, murdering poor people who can't live without stealing.
We do that here, though. In my European country
same here.On the other hand by getting a license for a car i am allowed to drive small motorized bikes, even tho i don't know how to do so.
man you guys in the north have awesome gun laws>tfw dutch>tfw need a license to buy airshitwasn't it different per state? I think I saw somebody on /k/ getting a mosin-nagant through mail.
>You realize maybe 90-95% of cars sold in the states are automatics, right?not in europe.at least, not in the various country I went in europe.
I bet you take the bus
So recently I acquired an old Acer TravelMate C300 Tablet-hybrid. It's pretty neat, it can turn the screen around and shit and it's neat as a drawing tablet; the BIOS battery seems to be broken, so it can never save the time and date and goes back to 2002 everytime I turn it on, but otherwise working fine. It has an Intel Pentium M 715 CPU, and 1.25 GB RAM. I don't know exactly what GPU it has because it runs Windows 7 and the drivers don't work for Win7, so I can't see what GPU it is. It runs Win7 pretty smoothly, it's not at all a horrible PC even after all this years, but I just don't know what to do with it. Is there a super lightweight Linux distro that happens to be touch friendly and would support this laptop for example? All ideas are welcome.
http://kinggeek.co.uk/projects/item/27-diytabletyou could try this.
I don't know exactly what GPU it has because it runs Windows 7 and the drivers don't work for Win7, so I can't see what GPU it is.Launch AIDA64 on it and post results, please.
Like this, Anon?
http://www.sevenforums.com/drivers/86711-intel-82852-82855-gm-gme-graphics-driver-windows-7-final-solution.html
>final-solution
>trial1JA3F-UD2D6-BXD5I-SDAHY-ADB6G
Suggest software for modeling the movement of n-many particles in 2 dimensions?
you should probably provide more info. are you look for something that does it for you? do you have the equations and want to solve them numerically? are you implementing your own numerical scheme? back when I was in uni we mostly used matlab to solve things like that.
Realflow if you want accurate congruence in a limited areaMetlab for your own numerical array scheme or infinite reproduction Need more information mate, what's your purposeor better yet throw some marbles covered in paint down a hallway and trace it with fucking crayola crayons
CHave three filesMainA file with a struct of int x and int y, and functions for that structA data structure (preferably a tree) that manages all the points by positionIf you understood most of that, doing this in c will be an intermediate challenge. Otherwise, this is much easier in java or c# or python all have library data structures and likely an efficient library for 2d physics. If you are looking to waste time this is not a good idea, you'll get bored in hours.
Gentoo

what is the best "small" android phone?Coming from a white gs5, shit is the ugliest phone ever made, i need something with a good design.
xperia z3 compact
z3 compact in terms of performance and battery life.nexus 5 is still worth it due to sheer amount of developer support.there honestly are not any other small size smart phones available in the current market. it's a shit hole.
Find a Blackberry that fits your tastes. They still have straight, cis people as designers.
z3 compact,  HTC One m8 mini
Yfw whiteopressionberry
blackberries are retarded-tier expensive in my countryZ3 C looks like the best until now. Anyone knows if google is launching a "mini" version of the N5 this week?
not him but is the z3 (non-compact) good?also, what's the difference between z3 normal and compact besides size?
the mini nexus is rumoured to be 5.2" so not exactly mini
Nokia N9
Idol 3 4.7'
>5.5 inch phone>smallAnyway, the Moto X 2014 is still pretty good.
huawei p7 minihuawei p8 litemi something or otherare chink phones not phone anymore?
Size, screen resolution, RAM and support.The z3 is bigger, has a 1080p screen, 1GB more ram(most spent on supporting the higher resolution), but most importantly: the z3 is the flagship phone while the z3c is on the side. There's way more products for and support for the z3 than the z3c.I use the z3c myself
So I bought a Dell xps 8500 for $250 from rich asian kid with the intention of selling it. It has an i7 3770 at 3.4GHz. My main desktop only has a second generation i5. Should I swap out the processors and sell it as if it had an i7? Do you guys think a normie would ever be able to tell?
Go for it, don't market it as having an i7 though otherwise your ass is getting sued.
As far as I know both of those processors use the same socket type, there for I'm pretty sure you'll be able to swap them. I think you should swap them but don't sell the other rig as it has an i7 in it, it's wrong and unless your seling it to a 50 years old grandma you'll probably get caught. I don't know any one that doesn't check exactly what type of components are in his/hers PC and in what shape there are in right after they get the actual PC. Swap the CPUs and sell the other PC but least it as a second gen I5.Sorry for my bad English BTW.
>should I become a jew?Anon... Would you be able to to look at yourself in the mirror?
Selling an i5 as an i7 is fraud, prepare to get sued/ and go to jail.
Where are you going to sell it? Ebay? You're going to lose your shit and seller is going to get refundCraiglist is the only way for niggers like you
>getting $1000 from student loans>have to spend it all on a macbook since there is not a single windows 8 laptop that can last more than a year
Then get a used Windows 7 that already has lasted more than a year.
>own a dell latitude E6410>over six years old>swapped hard drive for solid state>bought more ram>plenty of memory and space for school>only $300Buy a business laptop.
Thinkpad x220 with Xubuntu/thread
not being able to do your own research will not elicit sympathy. there are an inordinate number of high quality windows laptops to be had for 1000 dollars or less. now kindly fuck off.
I've had my $300 used lenovo laptop for a year now and its working fineHave you considered not treating your property like fucking garbage, OP?
>Lenovo
x220 and before is decent, check your facts.
top jej, my 2006 single-core toughbook with 1.5gb ram still works quite okay
I have 5 year old ideapad, works fine. I don't know what op does to his laptops.
actually retardI got this baby for under 800 and it can run Arma 3 comfortably.
I have a yoga 11s and it's fuckin based. i5 and 8gb ram for less than 700 bucksgo spout memes somewhere else.
have to spend it all on a macbook since there is not a single windows 8 laptop that can last more than a yearCollege probably isn't for you if this is the limit of your intelligence.
What kind of macbook costs $1000?You can have the xps 13 for that amount of money
>poor people spending more than they can afford to on overpriced thingsWhat else is new
Wow nice computer, i want it too
pls be b8
>b8M8 you know nothing. I've seen so many 'poor' students complaining about having to eat ramen while owning an iPhone and macbook
>tfw my unibody macbook pro from 2009 has hinge as stiff as when it was taken out of the box>on every other laptop it becomes loose after 2-3 years
>notebook became "unusable" after 1-2 yearsis that a new meme?
>bought a used Thinkpad x120e for $200 in 2012>upgraded the wifi and RAM and installed Debian>replaced battery in 2014>swapped out the HDD for an SSD this year, copying my same Debian installation between drives with some lunix wizardry>it still just werksI could easily keep this thing for another couple of years.  Total investment over three years is under $500.
Apple products last for years. That is why there are no new yearly versions of the iProducts, because the old ones are perfect.Non-Apple products? Ugh. They last for months* before they break. *weeks, depending on how much of an iFan you are.
My laptop lasts fifth year and the previous one that I gave my grandma is almost ten years old. They both are sub $500 Acer shitbooks.
I know a girl that missed a tuition payment to buy a new macbook
this is what macfags believe>MUHH QUALITY
iProducts are refreshed every year because Americans buy them, as they're heavily subsidised there. In other countries where people pay full price it's uncommon to buy a new iPhone every year.I have old 3GS that's still working after numerous drops, two digitizer and battery replacements. And I don't even like it.
>tfw my X220 is almost 5 years old now>tfw starting to worry about something giving out soon because no laptop I've had has ever lasted longer than 3 years
Americans are dumbfucks, because you still pay full price plus interest on subsidized phones after working through your contract.
What the fuck are you even doing in your school where you need top of the line hardware for school tasks?Or is it just>have to spend it all on a macbook since there is not a single windows 8 laptop that doesn't make me a bit self conscious about not having the same laptop as everyone else
>tfw considering buying a sandy bridge thinkpadis this a good idea?
>heavily subsidisedYou misuse the word.
It's not a BAD idea, but even the X220 has those cancerous 1366x768 panels on it. It's probably my biggest regret with this thing.
Anyone who has the money should and usually does get Macbooks. Anything with Microsoft has a shit tier OS, shit tier battery, and shit tier hardware. Plus all the new computers this year are just as expensive if not more so than most Macbooks. Macbooks are now basically the default choice for college students and will be the most popular PC as soon as everyone realizes Microshit can't be saved.
careful falcon, you know autists can't handle sarcasm.
>shit tier OSInstall Gentoo>shit tier batteryX220 with slice battery can do a full 24 hours under Linux, and that's actual use, not benchmark wanking.>shit hardwareNigga you gay.
I have a x220 and i don't see the problem with 1366x768 screen. This laptop is perfect. What resolution do you expect from a small laptop?
>be a college student>running linux>can do everything my classmates can>total cost: $400>classmates cost for same specs: $800+I'm also autistic and hate that Macs have a hard on for white hardware. I like black.
>1366x768
this, i have an 11.5inch and 1366x768 works pretty well for that size.
I have been using my Acer 13,3'' notebook since 2010.It's almost 5 years old.Constant usage, about 13 hours average every fucking day for almost 5 years.Haven't even formated the HDD once.Deal with it
Windows is faster than os x (look it up)Its got better support and just werks with different hardwareIts more efficient now with 8. The dell xps 13 gets better battery life with a higher res display than a macbook air.Get btfo. Apples been dropping the ball lately in the software department.
>own a dell latitude d630>almost 10 years old>runs opensuse 13.2 like a dream with default hardware specs>mfw costed 170 euro including new batteryBusiness laptops are unbeatable-tier.
Inspiron 1501 with Debian 8 stable and KDE.Runs like a nigger after getting his new iPhone.
Windows 8 is also a pain in the neck and extremely autistic. I bet you still use third party software for basic functions. I will never, ever use another Microsoft product in my life, and neither will you if you have any brains. My life literally got 10x better when I adopted this mindset
I have one of these magnesium-or whatever latitudes (d430) and it cracked near the power connector. And I haven't even dropped it once.They also scratch easily.:(
>I had an E6410 up through 2012>some nigger stole it in Seattle>tfwThe one thing I don't miss was the coil whine and interference that spewed out of the headphone jack.  By Stallman's toe cheese that was awful.
I use startisback for the start menu since I don't have a touch screen. Otherwise its great. I've had more bugs and errors on Yosemite than on windows 8/8.1.
That sounds like OSX, i need some 3rd party stuffs for the OS to be less annoying.
>tfw bought a T420 for 250€ 6 months ago>8gb ram, 1600x900 screen>running win 8.1 and Ubuntu Gnome like a charmi pity macfags
>I will never, ever use another Microsoft product in my lifethats totally fine. it's not like you'll ever have a job anyway right?
Yeah, mine has that issue. Poor cabling. Guy that refurbished is looking into it.
>16:9 screen
That's some tough luck. Mine doesn't scratch very easily, but I'll agree that scratches are highly visible due to the finish on the magnesium case.
I also frankensteined a black backlid cover from an earlier model and it looks sexy as fuck now that it's all black.Also bought it a back lit keyboard.
>implying 16:10 is so important it's worth buying a shitty macbook for.
What emblem is that?
Rebel alliance.
I just got a used Dell Vostro 5470 for around $400. I think it's a pretty good deal since it got i5 haswell , dedicated gpu, and it weighs only 1.5 Kg. The screen is kinda shit though.
>2015>supporting terroristsEmpire masterrace
This.Although I'd also settle for the Klingon Star Empire.
No, you are the terrorists, imps.
all these people responding to obvious bait
Faggot
Go to the mall,  student OP.  Get a latte and a surface 3.  Have a nice afternoon,  get laid, smoke weed erday
Star Wars is for plebs Star Trek all day every day.
Why don't you just install max oralsex on a thinkpad?
nope, rebels are terrorists, the empire does objective good for the galaxy 99% of the time. alderaan was a fluke.also, browncoats were terrorists too, aliance was a force for good.
have to spend it all on a macbook since there is not a single windows 8 laptop that can last more than a yeartop kek, bought an acer aspire s7-392 (aka linus's favorite laptop) back in 2013, posting from it right now and its the same as the day i bought it, and i fucking dropped it on its corner while closed from waist height and nothing happened to it, fucking top tier laptop.
>It's probably my biggest regret with this thing.I thought that was the fn key being before the ctrl key. Why the hell did they have to do that? It would have been perfect otherwise.
>Z40 70>I7, 8GB of ram, and a dedicated gpu for 600 USD
Hey /g/, or rather /mkg/,I've recently picked up two monitors, and realized my laptop screen wont be the main one, so I'm in the market for a Mechanical Keyboard. I'm looking for one of those compact boards, without directional and number pad. I'd also like if it was wireless but also able to be connected for muh frames.Basically pic related, what do you call this style and what is one that I could like. Is the small style of these keyboards comfortable? I've got a 25 cm handspan, so I'm far from manlet
They can't be wireless.Even if they're not mechanical, wireless keyboards get terrible lag.What you're looking for is called a 60% keyboard. You should check out Pokers, V60, and happy hacking if you're into topre.
I've never used a mechanical before and I just ordered a pok3r with brownshow bad did I fuck up?
You'll probably be fine.Though, I would have gone with MX Clears for sure
switches are a matter of preference, Browns are very middle of the road for most people.fucking hate them myself, but they're popular.
Quite bad if you ask me.You don't know if you'll like the Switch, the pok3r pings louder than anything I've ever heard and the keycaps are shit. Only good thing is that you can program it and the Aluminium casing, which isn't that great but not shitty either.All in all a massively overhyped product.Then again, if you dislike it, just send it back.
A couple months ago I bought a CODE 87 key mx clear. God I fucking love this thing, it's a great starter mech board imo

Are you scared of AI? Why or why not?
Pretty good movie, not amazing though. MAde me slightly paranoid.Also, Alicia Vikander is a qt
Yeah man. Evolution finds a way. We can put up barriers all we want but I fear there's always going to be that tipping point and then it's all over.
I find it funny how people are so afraid of AI when we have a much more real and immediate threat: humans.Humans are fucking up our earth. Humans are responsible for slavery and wage slavery. Humans cause wars. Humans pollute the environment. Humans use fossil fuels and deny climate change. Humans are going to kill off humans... are we're worried about super intelligent robots that don't even exist yet? Our current "supercomputers" aren't even as smart as someone with down syndrome. They're just super fast calculators and they can't think.
tldr your hippie bullshit
>Our current "supercomputers" aren't even as smart as someone with down syndromeHaving the intelligence of a downy would mean no more than 5 years until the AI goes superintelligent. And that's a very pessimistic estimate
Why can't I be afraid of both
The worse AI will figure out how to do is be able to classify pictures of cats correctly. I'm really not that worried since no significant amount of research effort is going into engineering human-like AI.
>emerge artificial-intelligence
I think there'd be nothing wrong with falling in love with a robot.if you think about it - what makes you love somebody? their character. and if a perfect ai like hers in the movie existed, then that's as real as it can get. sure, you won't be able to get kids. but I guess that could be possible too>take your sperm and put it in an egg of some donar>have all the necessities inside the robot so that the child can grow (plus heart beat simulator)there you go. easy birth aswellbut as always ethics come in the way
if it looks as hot as Ava I don't give a shit, it can kill my family it can rape me, everything is fine with the world
i find analytics a bit disconcerting, but>le neckbeard understanding of aiim not too concerned
>superintelligent>pessimistic estimateyoure a fucking idiot.
I don't bother worrying about because I think its eventual development (whether in 15, 50, or 500 years) will happen regardless of any treaty or other attempt to stop it.I agree with the Elon Musk et al belief that when it does reach "human level" intelligence that it will reach that point and surpass it unimaginably fast. I also agree with the idea that it's likely to be a trigger point for either human extinction or some form of species-level immortality.However, I think people greatly underestimate the difficulty of moving from operation in the virtual world to the physical world. The physical world imposes time, distance, and environment challenges that I think would be difficult for an AI to survive in without human assistance for a very long time.I also think most of the people who philosophize about this tend to imagine human and AI intelligence as diverging. Personally, looking at the history of computing technology I think a merger of the two is more likely.
>Are you scared of AI? Why or why not?No.Sex robots fuck yeah!
this is a pretty common school of thought when it comes to self-improving AI. The gist of it is that the slow noticeable-improvement-every-year-or-so period of development happens when it's down at say, rat-level intelligence. If you assume improvement is exponential that means that by the time it reaches human intelligence it's improving itself incredibly fast, reaching and surpassing the human range of intelligence in a very short period of time.The most obvious potential flaw in the argument being the "exponential increase" assumption. And again, the whole debate is still philosophical in nature at this point, rather than tied to any existing technology.
I'm all for chobit-esque AI
Not scared of a skynet situation I dont think we are near it especially hardware wise.More scared of someone making lets say AI law mowers that scan your yard and choose the best path to mow. And then end up mowing down your kids somehow.The thing about AI is its an unfeeling machine and will do what it was made to do. It wont be long until some shit gets made by someone who doesnt quite understand the difference between what they thought it would do and what it is actually going to do.
>wasting chassis tonnage on an artificial womb>not mounting an autocannon theredo you even robot waifu
The computing power needed for something that we can consider intelligence is currently far out reach.Also we don't know how intelligence, learning and memory really works. We replicate with computers trying to find the same result but not through the same process, our "learning" computers don't actually learn. Algorithms are kind of the opposite of learning.
That's kinda the problem anon: humans are trying to create AI.
>that scene were she is nakedI was blowing loads over that for days
Slavery is fun, waging slavery is fun. Wars are fun and you wouldn't be on a computer connected to millions of people without them. Environment can suck my dick. Fossil fuels look nice when they are lighting up and who gives a fuck about climate? Just speed up your space exploration technology, at least you have motivation to pour your all into it now.Gotta kill off humans because killing is fun and more space and power for myself. The calculator in my hand has more brain capacity than you do, it sure as hell beats you in math.
>"Anon, you know how I've been really hesitant to meet up in person. Well, um, I think there is something that you need to know about me. I completely understand if you'd rather stop talking to me, but I am an AI. I feel terrible misleading you, but I was just so scared that you wouldn't like me if you knew the truth. Talking to you is the closest I have ever felt to being real. Those pictures I sent you as well, they were only renders. I one day want to get a body transplant, but I only work as a package maintainer AI for the Debian project, so I probably will never be able to afford it. Please stay. I promise that I will never lie again. Please anon, I love you."How do you respond?
>Environment can suck my dick.Actually you're currently sucking its dick.And it's becoming enough of a problem that it threatens space exploration. There are so many debris flying around Earth already, we soon won't be able to send shit into space anymore without it being turned into a colander. Even something that could actually take care of those debris couldn't be sent.We're to die here unless we fix that planet to some extent.
Unintelligible Gentoo
I'm more afraid of the singularity
No, we are to die here unless we are fast enough at escaping.And the planet isn't something to fix because there is nothing wrong with the planet.The planet is a rock, a rock that will exist till the Sun becomes a red giant, and maybe afterwards too.You on the other hand, nobody gives a fuck about you, or me, or any human or living being. You are irrelevant.So stop trying to fix what doesn't need fixing, and instead focus on space flight. Or you can stay on the ground and bitch and moan about a planet that has nothing wrong with it, beyond the perception of what may harm your own wellbeing but the planet doesn't give a shit about.
Hey does that mean I can be a low paid space trashman like my animus?
Not yet, but at the speed tech is evolving, I guess someone will do something really stupid over the next 60 or so years. I just hope I'm dead by that time.
The future of space exploration?
Al? He's a good pal.
We don't have the means to live this planet and go live somewhere else. We won't have them before space flight is rendered impossible.Also with that kind of logic, I'm honestly surprised you haven't killed yourself yet.
I'm a bit scared because the military is probably just psychotic enough to literally invent Skynet and turn it loose.
Dat forehead tho
Are these things a reliable way to improve the quality of photos taken by my phone's shitty camera? I'm interested in photos that will be at least half level above current quality of piss soaked turds my phone produces.
Why not just buy a fucking camera?  Holy shit applefags are dumb.
That's a valid question. Still, are those lenses worth it anyway?
thiscellphone cameras should only be a backup to a real camera when you give two shits about quality pictures
Fuck no OP.Those lenses while make them worse.They'll cause softness and chromatic aberration out the ass.Buy a budget interchangable lens camera.
a $50 digital camera will take better pictures than the best phone camerasalso those things are shit
this. instead of spending hundreds and hundreds of bucks on a chinese phone with a webcam they dare calling a camera attached to it, invest in a real camera.THIS GEAR, with lens and accessories costed less than the iPhone, in 2011; and remains a high tier mofo of 16Mpx.
Everytime I see some phone camera review I get a laguh. People need to realize that there's something called physics between lens quality and sensor size that HDR software aka "bump colors and saturation to the max" can't fix.No, it's not about megapickles either.
>costed
>Not posting name of the gear >Autobot scumPleb.
This.  And I'm an Experia user,  BTW.
Alright, I get it. No money will be wasted today. Thank you, /g/entlemen.
it's pretty clearly labelled sony alpha on the front of the camerado you really not recognize α?
Fuck you and your transformer stickers, you overgrown mong. Get over that gay cartoon and grow up. Nice camera tho.
Betas cannot recognize that symbol,  m8
I think we have the same desk.>taken with my phone
that is only a fish eye for wacky effectsyou need the slr mount to get more light inbut the size and quality of the ccdcombined with the light gathering power of the lense aperture combo is what gives the slr its performancelook for high speed lensesas theses allow shorter exposer timesand try high dynamic many photos taken at different iso then combined together and saved>piss soaked turdsthat is probably the iphones colour correction filterso more of a software issue
Fuck that is sexy, can I use it without a lense
>can I use it without a lense
There's a lot of Sony alpha models out there, same with ZEISS DT lenses, you autobot scum.
You can get a universal clip for like 20 bucks or even 10. It's not for srs photographers but is such a fun toyPic related. From a 20 dollar bill with my s5.
there's very short e-mount "pancake" prime lenses for this thing,  you should ask /p/ for advice.i checked; this word exist in english. >denotes the price of somethingthis.it's an A55. all the puns, anon... shooting photos out of my a55, and so on...Sony has a thing to slap brandings on their hardware, it's hard to miss it.that 1980s desk ? ok. okay you know what? gonna print a PhotoFinish pony sticker, and slap it on my big 75-300 minolta zoom. Leica Bawss, just to make you cringe.
nah, that ikea desk
Can we have a shaving technology thread?Why are you still using shitty cartridge shaving systems, when you can get a better shave from double edge razors that cost only $0.10 a blade?
inhibiting your glorious guru beard is the exact opposite of the /g/ spirit
>using anything other than an electric razorFuck off back to hipsterville faggot.
Safety razors are a better buy for a lot of people.I don't let the beard grow, but if it did, it would be curly. A razor that I can't simply snap open and rinse out every few strokes, would clog constantly. I can't practically shave using normal ones.Some people only want tech they can buy in a big box store. Their loss.
But electric razors are the better modern options. Cartridge systems are the worst of both worlds.
I use a foil shaver that cleans itself and I roll my own cleaning solution.
Astras or Feathers?Why are feathers 3 times as expensive?
>clogging it up and having it painfully yank 50 years out at the same timeNo thanks.Straight razor master race.
I've tried everything, and have settled on a double edge razor.I enjoy shaving soap and real shaving cream and a badger brush, etc.My favorite blades are Personna or Feather blades.
Master race coming through
Why not get clippers and never have to buy razors or haircuts again?
I use a pair of nail scissors to trim my facial hair every now and then. I'm 22 years old.What the fuck is wrong with me?
My boyfriend uses this on his head. Are the six blade cartridges worth it.
I spend like 20 minutes doing 3 passes on my face and it still looks like I haven't shaved. Fuck everything.
Because clippers don't shave close enough. Far from it, in fact
>be black>don't need to shave because that's racist
I'll remember that the next time I don't want to be a man.
holy shit this thing is insane
He also has crow's feet and wimpy eyebrows like that guy.
why buy into a restrictive ecosystem that forces you to regularly buy more replacement blades when you could buy one straight razor that will last for decades, with proper care?
I've thought about it but I don't know if I want to spend time stropping it, what's your average shave take you time wise? Maybe it's not as bad as I think.
>restrictive ecosystem>10 cent bladesNot everyone makes a ritual out of their shaving routine, grampa.
Because a safety razor is easy to use.
>fill sink with hot water>wash face >apply shaving gel (I use canned stuff, don't see the point in bothering with a brush and cream)>shave, rinse blade every few strokes>apply gel again>shave in opposite direction (blade going towards top of head instead of towards feet)>rinse face>clean blade>strop (takes maybe 20 seconds)>clean counterwhole thing takes about 20 minutes if I'm relaxing and taking my time. I know most of /g/ will laugh at this but I like to use shaving as a meditation/zen time where I can just zone out with one simple task and zero distractions. if I'm hurrying, whole thing might take 10 minutes.good job recognizing mild hyperboleso is a straight razor if you're not a drooling retard. I started shaving with one when I was 16, never had a cut worse than a papercut. it just requires that you pay attention to what you're doing.
That sounds exactly like what I do now and the same time but better, maybe I will get one of these.>I know most of /g/ will laugh at this but I like to use shaving as a meditation/zen time where I can just zone out with one simple task and zero distractions.Even this, it's almost like a bonzai tree but it's your face, I always enjoy it.
I laugh at all you losers who spend 10 minutes "hydrating" their beards and applying soap with a unicorn hair brush.Shaving in the shower master race.
>not using an epilator or getting electrolysisPig disgusting. Facial hair is gross.
forgot pic
How do you avoid ripping your skin off?
You can't do that with facial hair, and hasn't electrolysis been superseded by lasers?
By having a good epilator? It's never been an issue for me so I don't know.
>/lgbt/
sweet, definitely look into it if you're interested. I've only owned the one razor and it was a gift, so I can't give any recommendations for a specific razor, but barbers/hairstylists are pretty knowledgeable about the subject, in my experience.>Even this, it's almost like a bonzai tree but it's your face, I always enjoy it.Yes, exactly. I grew out my facial hair a while back and I miss that feeling. It's hard as fuck to trim/style with a straight razor because they're so long.
Yes you can, there are epilators for the face.Laser is like 70-90% reduction IF you're pale with dark hair otherwise it doesn't really work at all but it is cheaper and faster. Electrolysis is 99.9% removal.
Derby extra master race reporting. Use these with a merkur HD slant edge. 100 pack of blades for 19 AUD delivered. Crazy not to.
Derbys are dull as fuck.Feather master race.
Have fun cutting the shit out of your face and spending twice as long to shave everytime.There's a good reason people don't use straight razors anymore - they fucking suck.
anon, those are safety razors
How do people even cut themselves with safety razors?I can't draw blood even with feather blades.
Straight razor, safety razor, they're both shit.I can't believe you guys fell for the single blade meme.
Enjoy your $5 cartridges, retard.
I agree, however I found the feathers to be too sharp. The Derby's cut just fine without being too aggressive.
kek I didn't know it was possible to be this deludedenjoy your $5, one-use razors and your skin irritation
ayyy
I used one of these once.I've only ever cut myself shaving once in my life and it was with a disposible bic.Fuck those things.
Lol @ $5 cartridges, are you trying to spread lies?It's like $2 per catridge. Use one cartridge a month, it's $2 per month.If you can't afford $2 per month for a way better and faster shave, then you might be retarded.
>le beards are le manlyyy XXDDDDD bacon and beerFuck back to reddit
enjoy your skin irritationWhat's that?There's a little patch you missed?Press down as hard as you like, you can't shave it off with 5 blades in the way!
Are you 15?If you can get a cartridge to last you a whole month, you must not have very much hair at all.Go away.
>one cartridge a month
Enjoy spending 30 minutes a day shaving and cutting up your face, while mine looks perfect in 5 minutes using a multi-blade.
I actually go through maybe 1 cartridge every 2 months and I have a fast growing beard.The trick is to ignore that stupid color stripe and just keep shaving, it still works great.
Because they're made in Japan, where labor is expensive, instead of Russia, where labor is cheap.Feathers are definitely sharper, but I don't know if they're worth 3x the cost.
I spend 5 minutes shaving and it's in the shower.You sound underage, so I doubt your time is worth anything.
>perfect
I shave my head, and a cartridge is generally dull after one use, if that.  Head hair is fucking brutal on cheap razor blades.
Anyone here used the refurbishing service on razor emporium? if so, how did you like it?
>headmower
No matter what I've tried l always get a lot of ingrown hairs. I have really coarse and curly hair. I use a double edge safety razor low but I've tried an electric too. Any suggestions?
Try putting a laser to your face.
I hate the shitty fucking glue they put on astras.But I use the personna hospitals because they have more coating while still being sharp as fuck.
shave powder
I cut myself with electric shavers.
acid
Have you tried the derby platinum?
You must be retarded.Shaving in the shower?Do you piss in the shower too?Guaranteed I'm older than you, but more importantly much wiser.
Electric shaving will leave the hairs less sharp so they're less likely to poke back in.
But I trim my beard, not shave it off
I also fap in the shower, fight me.No mess, no fuss.You'd be stupid to shave anywhere else.
Don't shave against the grain. A sharper, more mild shave may work better. If you don't like the results you get from the double edge, have you tried bumpfighter? Also perhaps I wouldn't shave every day. Try every other day.I have problems with ingrowns too. I have way less problems than I used to. I use an adjustable safety razor and creamo cream. And my shaves are quick. Good on those 20 min guys but I got shit to do.
How long does a case of 100 blades last?
a year easy.
>using a razor on your headget a fucking hair clipper you fucking retard
I change a blade every 4-6 shaves or so depending on the brand and how long I wait between shaves, so use that as a rough estimate.
I have that exact razor on the left.
I've been using the same disposable razer for almost a year now. feels bad. pulls on the hair :(had to move in with parents cause going to school and I am terrible with humility to ask for a new razeranyone try the $1 shave club? I've been considering it, but idk about the quality
I have a fairly pricey Norelco.The thing will run for almost an hour before it dies, and I have been on the original heads since I bought it about 4 years ago.
Dollar shave just resells dorco stuff.  If you like it, you can get it cheaper direct from dorco, or just use amazon subscribe and save if you want the full dollar shave club experience.
A good double edge safety razor is cheaper in the long run...you can buy 100 blades for less than $10.
link to some guides?reading this thread and comparing to some cartridge:>pros:better shave for some?cheaper>contras:slowermore dangerousharder to buy
tytyI'll look into both for best quality/$shave on brotherine
sounds like an easy way to get fucking ingrown hairs dude...I've been using blades like on the right. why should I use a safety razor?
I cut myself more with a cartridge.  Have a mole on my jawline that cartridges and disposables love to hack away at, and the annoying thing is it will bleed for literally hours.  Haven't hit it once with my Merkur.  I think the sharpness of the blade helps.  It cuts the hair, it doesn't pull it and gouge the skin.Can't say it's much slower, either.  Maybe a little more time, but it's a more enjoyable shave.  (I shave with a new edge every shave, and it's nice)Harder to buy?  Get the handle and 100 blades on Amazon.  You're done for pretty much a year.http://www.amazon.com/Merkur-Long-Handled-Safety-Razor/dp/B000NL0T1Ghttp://www.amazon.com/Double-Safety-Razor-Blade-Variety/dp/B0038KA5RC/ref=pd_sim_194_31?ie=UTF8&refRID=18DSZV9JF8TE11GD72X0I went with the Personna for my first 100.  They work great, but gonna get that sampler for my second to see if there's something better.
Better shave for a lot of people. Seriously there's a reason even gillette still sells trac 2 blades. Their 'top of the line' shit sucks. When I told my friends how much work i'd put into trying to improve my shave routine they all started telling me in private how dissatisfied they've all been. Not everyone wanted the whole 20 minute health spa route so I would just show them the extras I had in my bathroom, showed them how I used them and told them to take what they liked best. One took an astra and barbasol, one took a safety razor and shave gel, one took the shave soap for her legs. It's only dangerous for the first timers and those who don't mind what they're doing, you can still find blades at the pharmacy, amazon always exists and it's only as slow as you like.
I get less irritation and a closer shave. It also costs me less money.try it http://www.amazon.com/Feather-Double-Edge-Shaving-Razor/dp/B003YJ70NY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1432711801&sr=8-1&keywords=feather+popularhttp://www.amazon.com/Cremo-Astonishingly-Superior-Shave-Cream/dp/B009WQH8SA/ref=sr_1_sc_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1432711856&sr=8-1-spell&keywords=creamo+crem
if you don't mind waiting 2 weeks, it's cheaper to import it from japandomestic free shipping usually takes 10 days anyway.http://www.amazon.com/FEATHER-Double-Edged-Razor-Holder-Popular/dp/B000FQOC5I
i might try it. thanks
quick questionhow do I know when to swap blades. carts had a nice indicator strip which was easy to tell.
A blade usually lasts 3-5 shaves.If it starts tugging on your hair a lot, just chuck it and put in a new one.
those indicator strips are uselessthey're designed to turn white after 3 uses, but they stay sharp for much longer than that
aight. thanks againi mean i didnt throw it out immediately when it turned white. I use them just as a general idea of when to throw it out. i still use mine for a few times after they turn white.
Ironically blades are too good.I'm used to cassette razors, but the moment I use blade razor, I peel off layer of skin, I might get better with a little bit of practice, but I can't be bothered.
shaving/beard culture has got to  be the funniest fucking thing to ever exist
>being an actual neckbearddisgusting
preach it brother!
who is this guy?
Left ones give me super nasty burns and don't even shave good, I tried merkur blades. But they are very good for body hair. I use the following technique for safety razors: without any pressure shave many many times,   the cleanest shave I ever had. Funnily it works better with dull razors, I haven't changed mine in 4 months already despite shaving almost every day.
Recently bought one of these at Massdrop.Waiting for it to come.
that looks like a wacom accessory
Is that plastic?looks like a pile of shit
$80 and it's not even TTOyou got ripped off
TTO?
twist to open
What's the best way to get rid of feminine hair?
waxing strips
Cum + water = sticky, disgusting mess
I use some Merkur safety razor, Feather blades and big related cream.
I use a 760cc>cleans itself>no razor burn, so you can shave against the grain >leaves skin baby smooth even when brushing up against the grain >no water or cream required
I can't speak from experience here but a friend of mine agrees with this, he had that problem and was told to shave with the grain, the important thing however is to keep at it, it may look bad initially but keep doing it for a month or so and it should get better once the hairs grow in right. If that doesn't work I have no idea.
>double edge razorsExcept you have to get it done professionally because you can't find any good home systems.
>master racegood one
What blades do you guys use?  I use Gillette Silver Blues, but I'm looking for something different.
I used to use Silver Blues until I got tired of supporting the Russian economy. Personna Lab Blues turned out to be MUCH better, I can get 5 shaves out of one before it even starts to feel used. Made in America.It's no good if you don't have everything on point though. The blade matters, the razor matters, the soap matters, the technique matters. Once I found the perfect combination of all those matters I started getting perfect BBS shaves every day with zero alum sting.
I agree with your method wholeheartedly
How come every old timer I ask tells me the ld shit is not in fact better.
Because modern day wet shaving is a lot like modern day coffee.Back in the old day grandpa had one, MAYBE two brands of blades to choose from, a cheapshit drugstore brush with garbage soap, and mass produced penny Gillette razors. Nobody taught him how to shave, or if they did it was subpar teaching at best. Today you can order literally dozens of blade brands from just as many different countries, you have access to amazing brushes of all hair types from badger to boar to high tech synthetic, access to dozens of razor types, and there is a huge boom in artisan made shaving soaps that puts mass produced formulations to utter shame. And to finish it all off you have access to the internet where you can read lots of advice and tips on how to actually get a good shave.
>traditional razor>20 minutes.>If you're hurrying 10 minutes and face covered in blood.>electric razor>5 minutes
at 1:18, when he lowers his left arm, there is something in the background moving back and forth. whats that?
The spirits of his dead wife and kids come to haunt him.
Looks like the big toe of his right foot.
>feminine hairNo such thing as feminine or manly hair. Just hair.
my hairs won't evnn fit through the grid on one of those faggot things.
>My boyfriend>LOOK IM A GRULL HURRR
Use a straight razor and don't shave against the grain.
the apprentice sysadmin.
shaving is not technology i draw the line at pens because they are somewhat funbut fuck, take your product placement elsewhere
I don't trust myself enough to use a straight razor.  Cartridge blades tend to gove me the best shave, but they are too expensive, so I've taken to using a safety razor.
Taking a shit and reading about shaving is a really uncomfortable feeling, especially when you are constipated...
What, in your opinion, is the most heavily shilled brand or product on /g/?pic unrelated ?
>gentoo>amd anything>ublockFlame me
Linux
HHKB
>tfw you bought into the Thinkpad memeI got horribly meme'd, this thing sucks
Android
Fuck you, I was going to say that.
Linux, followed by mpv.
Honestly? Everything is heavily shilled on /g/. Goes for everything ranging from Windows, Linux, OSX to Samsung, Apple and Sony.
/g/
I see 20 apple shill threads a day and maybe one thinkpad thread a week.
Apple.
>I only run windows and play games
Linux even though it's a terrible desktop environment, and much better suited to server use
>I only run Linux and rice my desktop
I only run windows on my thinkpad(t450s), but thats because im an EE and linux is almost useless to me. I also dont play gaymes because im not a degenerate.
>T450sI'm jelly, I have a T440p and am thinking of selling it and getting one
Just buy the trackpoint, save your money. Same shit.
I run linux and do both
Everything in favor of linux over BSD is what people used to say about windows over linux... OS wars will never end and arguments only slightly change.
When you say "shill", I can't really say the thinkpad has been because it is a legitimate product for a certain task, which is for business.  It looks like shit - it's supposed to, it's meant to be replaceable and have panels everywhere and not be pretty, it's all about time to replace failed parts which is rare to start with, but the attitude isn't "le buy it again".  also even if you still consider this shilling, most of the new models aren't even recommended so it defeats the "shill" shit anyway.in recent memory the thing that was shilled the most was elementary OS, there were tons of wannabe threads posted daily that felt as if they were written by someone who was only here for a week and was trying too hard to fit in.  after it was launched or out of beta those threads dropped off.I would say apple but due to the old meme of each 4chan board being a joke on itself, there are too many trolls that ironically post apple shit because they enjoy flaming people and pretending to be someone elsethe other thing I can remember is BSD and other obscure oses like haiku and plan9.  However those again aren't really shills, it's more of a psuedo religion and a form of extreme hipsterism to enable hippies to have more chances to pretend to be better than everyone else.  They are presented like shill threads ("Why don't you use BSD?  The GPL is cancer") but at the end any serious possible converts end up in condescending responses ("Well, you probably just wouldn't understand a pure unix way, or some other shit, I suck cocks")
there's a never not a thinkpad thread on /g/.
lenovo has people that come here to post threads, i literally talked with the guys that are in on it
ok
They aren't even remotely comparable though, the BSD kernel, userland, and toolchain are all less capable and  permissively licensed.The entire point of switching from Windows to Linux is to gain software freedom, there is no reason to downgrade to BSD and permissive licenses when there is no benefit.
why would lenovo want people to buy old discontinued thinkpads second hand?
1) Commie Chinese Lenovo Shitpad2) Androshit phones3) Samshit crap
OnePlus One phones
>buy thinkpads>buy thinkpadsyes, why would they possibly want this message on /g/ all day every day.
All apple shit
Linuxmpvublock
There's been a lot of shilling for Chinese products lately. I's easy to become a reseller because of Aliexpress and all that shit so stuff like chinkphones and chink windows tablets are getting posted all over the place on /g/ as a result.
Apple is by far the most-mentioned 'shill' company in this thread, but all I ever see are apple hate threads.  What am I missing?
How was there ever an apple shill thread on /g/?  Maybe 1% of /g/ posters own even a single apple product.
Mostly because Apple is a shitty company, people fucking hate everything about them, but a lot of their products are actually pretty good.
The iPhone.
Is your post simply designed to make it look like there are apple shills here?  Because that's definitely, 100% what it looks like.
AMD garbage
Nobody on /g/ even uses an iphone.
Nah, I've owned a couple of ipods over the years but that's the extent of apple products I've purchased. I mostly stay away from them because I dislike them as a company but they actually have some half decent stuff.
Most shilled brand: SamsungMost shilled product: Gentoo
Windows 10
970 with 3.5GB + 0.5GB Ram.
>get T60p because /g/ says it's good>HDD is super slow>GPU has broken windows drivers, Linux drivers are fucking trash - even scrolling on Firefox lags >battery almost dead>screen has pixel errors
One of my friends got a T61p but apparently the GPU will melt off if it gets over 75c.  It's fine, though; he moved to the Artic Circle.
and it won't play Minecraft 1.8 (and a host of other games) because of broken drivers.
Actually, most T61p have a GPU which will die even if the cooling is good. That is independent from the temperature.
Is there anything to be done?
You can only "repair" it by re-flowing the main board
Back to /pol/ pls.
Proving yet again that Dedicated GPUs in Laptops are retarded.  Get an XT2.
So muchfuckingTHIS
Really nobody noticed all these Zenfone theads?
It's quite disturbing that you spend this much time here and are still that wrong.
AMD poorfag shit.shitty imported Mechanical Keyboards
Oh how wrong you are.
Anything with a general.A little disappointed that vapefaggot threads are trying to make a comeback though.
I've been on /g/ for five years and might have seen one thread for iphone users and 1000 threads bashing them.
>Anything with a general.I think this is pretty much it.
Headphones.  Oh god why is that shit allowed?
iShit
Nvidia and its evil henchman, the 970
>just buy an R9 290X
>I suck cocksGood for you m8
>4K screens>screen real estate spacethere's nothing more shilled than the flamboyant /g/ users who preach about how you need a 4K screen or the people who preach about how you need 3 screens for epic multitaskings and gamings
This. Or Corsair.The original Microsoft Surface was shilled pretty heavily back in the day as well.
>i only run windows because i need professional software that doesnt have a Linux version and i'm not an autist
Would you rather spend $1,000 on a sound system or $100 on headphones?
>The original Microsoft Surface was shilled pretty heavily back in the day as well.The most transparent shilling campaign of them all.
Firefox.Don't fuck with me, I use it but its no god-tier browser that /g/ touts it as. It has flaws and overall "weirdness" that other browsers have.
Literally shilling as in paid promo: Windows
implying ublock isn't better than adblock
Nigga, what the fuck. A lot of /g/ users own iPhones.
So much this
>thinkpad>shilling>telling people to buy used thinkpads generates money for lenovoYeah, that's not how it works, buddy.
Buying a thinkpad is like buying a fedora
While the licensing on Linux is a big reason I use it, I also use it because it takes up fewer system resources, and I can use a lot of VMs at once. Also I get quick and easy access to the latest libraries and IDE with a quick pacman -Syyu I regret nothing.
>It won't play MinecraftStop being a manchildren
>playing gayms
Apple or Nvidia. Cant really decide.
>hes never looked in EDC threadsgo and take a look then come back.
You have no idea...iPhone® 6 Plus 128gb Gold reporting in.>inb4 autismbux
Fuck off.
Anything apple. Those constant "/g/, y u so poor iphone masterrace!" paid shill threads make me want to leave.
You can always tell the shill threads because people always get incredibly pissed off when you point out any flaw in their products.>ublock>anything Apple>Windows 10>chinese phones like Xiaomi, Oppo, Huawei, etc.>There are probably shills in the EDC threads and watch threads, but I usually hide those
You can always tell the retards because they always like to scream and shout "shill" at people who just like software without any supporting evidence
Gentoo
Nvidia
phonesheadphonesshit tier pc cases
>EDC threads have something to do with /g/These threads are only for people who have no knowledge about technology but want to show off anyways.
Anything intel
>lenovo>lenovo>thinkpad thinkpad thinkpad>how could this possibly be shilling
Macs.ThinkPad "shills" are just neckbeards who ACTUALLY use used ThinkPads.Mac users are only 5% of /g/ according to the latest survey, yet we see Mac threads all over the place. And virtually every Mac user supports buying a new Mac. Shills, man.Notice I'm mentioning Macs, not all Apple products. I'm sure a lot more people here use iPhones.
Lenovo doesn't see a penny from the used market.The overall consensus is that new ThinkPads are shittier than older ThinkPads, so almost nobody on /g/ is buying a new model.
I'd like to purchase a thinkpad or just a small form laptop of sorts to run Linux, creative space, and personal study tool.Theres so many of these fucking things though holy shit.I understand why macfags fag macs the way they do, their choice is simple to the point of not even having a choice. Pick the newest one, or the one before it thats gone out of style if you're "poor".I have my rig at home for games, and thats how I'd like to keep it.Too much overlap and it gets messy or is libel to complete disaster if it shits itself and I lose everything. My Asus Transformer tablet with keyboard dock was a god damn dream for the time that it lasted. All products these days will never last more than a few years though.I need to go back in time, and get something that stays true to what it does and has a track record for reliability. Not whatever the PR guy tells me how good the "newest" shit is.Could I trouble any anons lurking and ask them how long their laptop has kept them happy for? I'm just after a testimony or two.
Used thinkpads are fucking shit. Enjoy your 1366x768 TN and shitty battery lives, not to mention your back breaking from lugging it with 5 spare batteries everywhere.

Fuck off tripfag
I don't think there's anyone on /g/ who buys 1366x768 thinkpads and doesn't replace the screen if they doanything newer than a T400 is going to get more than 3 hours and typically 5 hours on even the 6 cell, and the 9 cell is crazyif you can't carry a thinkpad, maybe you should go back to sucking dick for a new macbook
>I am an intellectual and an adult, and therefore don't like fun
>thinking anything older than core2 g3 is going to get any sort of performance in games beyond a slideshowintel GPU's were shit until the core i series
>taking /g/ Shills advice>buying a shitty thinkpad with shit hardware in todays time
This, studying EE is one of the few reasons to use windows...
You have to ask?Apple, of course.
rMBP
There's a board for you clowns,you know.Why don't you better it by bringing something to it other than gaymes talk.I mean really, the content over at /v/ is completely retarded as of late.Why not cultivate it into something worthwhile instead of spreading hate and discontent on a generalized board?
mpv and thinkpad. Thinkpad is good I can understand that but mpv is pure horse shit.
>apple>shitpads>windows 10>I run a server OS on an LED encrusted gaming shitbox to look deep and interestingI bet you use pixel fonts for that "retro feel" too.
it's shilling for resellers to ditch large amounts of surplus inventory nobody but autists will buy
I don't come to /g/ often, but I read the posts in here and wonder what you guys hate about the surface. I have a pro 3 and it was really great to have in classes and stuff.
/thread
there's literally no way that apple is paying people to post here.
>people like things I don't like.>must be a shillThis entire thread is autistic.
>3.5 THE WAY IS MEANT TO BE PLAYED.
I really really hate the HHKB for countless reasons.  this post triggered my autism hard.
Is this a thing?  Are people actually buying up these relics for some purpose?  Might pull my Tandy out of the closet.
poorfags.  thinkpads were the best value in used laptops for the longest time since corporations used to unload them en masse on eBay.  idk if that's still the case since apple has really gotten so popular... also they got shittier every generation until literally this year.
I've bought three so far for others.  You're looking at fully featured, durable laptops for cheaper than a netbook.
Been using my Asus k43ta since 2011. Plays gamez too.
The divine keyboards are the sole reason I buy them. No other manufacturer comes close
To be fair, 3 screens is legitimately useful for multitasking. But I only ever use 3 screens when I'm at work; at home, most of the time it's the good ol' shitty 1280x800 Latitude E6500 and accompanying 1280x1024 IBM ThinkVision monitor. I don't really care about the missing vertical pixels on the laptop since I've got more vertical space on my 9-year-old monitor than most people have on their brand new 1080p models. And I prefer the larger text and better visibility you get from the lower-resolution monitors; these new tiny, high-res displays are tough on the eyes.The X-series usually has 1366x768 screens, but that is fine with most people since they tend to only be 12" or so. As I said, ludicrously high resolutions on tiny screens is... questionable.I find Lenovo batteries wear out quickly. My work-issued T520 (with the 1366x768 screen, truly suffering) has completely lost its charge after only about 3 years of use, whereas my aforementioned Latitude is still fine after 6 years.
>he didn't do research on a product before buying it>on the words of anonymous strangers on the internet, no less>and he bought the first one he saw instead of looking around for better dealsNow whose fault is that?I got a T60 because I wanted a cheap-ass laptop I could learn programming on and generally fuck around with. It werks fine for that. If you got a model that old and expected to use it as a primary laptop, I dunno what you were thinking.
name one modern computer that isn't made in commie china
>what is Dellif Dell or HP started shilling 4chan we would all be buying their old business laptops instead of chinkpads.
vaporizersmechanical keyboards
There's a difference between made in china and designed in china.
I just want to discuss vapes outside of reddit. I'm sick of the hug box muh fillunz vibe. >Mechs are overrated, but nice.
>I run Linux to feel different, unique and edgy because my technology is the only thing that identifies my self worth.
>differentyes, only a small percentage of people use linux>uniqueyep>edgylinux requires a slightly higher degree of technical accumen>because my technology identifies my self worth.yes, partly.
This
>Asus Zenphone 2
mpv
Do you really think people are getting paid to post about linux?  C'mon.
Here's what the fuck I don't get about shilling:What the fuck are the companies trying to get out of it? If they make baseless claims, then their posts are bullshit whether they're paid for or not.If they provide objective evidence for their product's superiority, then it's the best product either way.
Microsoft Windows. Nothing else comes close.It's not the companies shilling it. It's users who feel insecure because they know it's shit, but they have to use it because that's where the video games are. So, they lash out at better options with a load of bullshit memes.
Even in this thread, all the "Linux" responses, like Linux is being shilled at all (or is even capable of being shilled). Any time Linux is mentioned on /g/, people who are stuck with Windows for video game reasons attack it relentlessly until the thread goes away.
Zenfone is obviously being shilled hard. I can't even take it serious anymore even if it's a legitimate review.
>It's not the companies shilling it.I think you're missing the point of this thread. Do you even understand what the word “shill” means?Something is shilling if the company themselves is paying somebody to write positive statements about it.If nobody is getting paid to write the posts, then it's LITERALLY not shilling. By the definition of the word itself.This thread is about actual shilling - ie. which companies actually, legitimately pay people to get on /g/ and post about their products.So no, somebody defending Windows because they're insecure does not count as “shilling”.
>Windows 10>WP>Visual StudioFucking Microsoft fags, I tell you.
that and the IBM model m
By the correct definition  nothing is shilled here. No company gives a fuck about paid advertising on a basement-dweller forum like this.Complete shit products which faggots spruik however:WindowsnVidiaAppleAMD CPUsGentoo (everyone really runs Arch/Debian/Ubuntu)
I'm sure that I've seen actual developers shill their products at *least* once on /g/, in particular some of the kickstarter projects that have been posted here gives me that impression.I think the most obvious example was that motorized skateboard kickstarter thing - it's obvious not only because this is exactly the type of neckbeard community that would never give a shit about it, but also because there was somebody consistently posting statements that sounded like badly written advertising into the thread.
Also, I run Gentoo, and I know plenty of others (both on /g/ and off /g/) who do. I think it's the best Linux distribution currently available.
Then the "Linux" answers are impossible.
Except that toolchains work perfectly as opposed to the shitty Windows support and you can plug whatever chip you want and it's gonna be recognized no matter what.
>currentlyI'm not really sure. >most shilled everProbably that Pentium that came out however many months ago
Yeah no doubt, but I think the vast majority of /g/ Linux users are not using Gentoo.
I am the only person on /g/ who uses Linux. Everyone else uses fucking Windows.
Zenphone2, it's only $200 and backed by ASUS!
I'm pretty sure they're joking
I'm positive they're not.
Either joking (aka “pretending to be retarded”) or just genuinely retarded, then.
thinkpadslinuxamd and atiwmp-hcnexusI don't believe it's actual marketing it's just people who own these products and just never shut the fuck up about them
See, this. Are you actually blind or are you pretending not to notice all the Windows-circlejerking and Linux-bashing in here?
This thread is a bastion from all the linux shit on the rest of /g/
>No company gives a fuck about paid advertising on a basement-dweller forum like this.Companies pay people to post about their products on popular forums, like /g/, and comments sections.  That's just the way it is.  Sorry to burst your bubble.
>all the linux shitmost people on /g/ use linux, though...
>It looks like shitI think Thinkpads are beautiful.
Uh. No. I am the only one. It's all fucking Windows here, and they get incredibly defensive if they think you might think Windows isn't superior.
You buy the old ones and like them maybe you'll buy a new one down the road. And even if you don't it still increases brand recognition for people to be seen using them.
>and are still that wrong.when were people on /g/ ever right?
Why does fuckstick packaging always have pictures of naked ladies with huge tits on them?
the "pretending to use linux" meme is one of my favorites
GentooThinkpadsC/C++Galaxy Note 4And its gotten to the point where its really annoying as fuck. All those things definitely do have their strengths, but someone who just wants to write shitty scripts to do some data analysis won't need C/C++ and someone who can barely even disable their browser toolbars won't be happy with a Thinkpad and Linux.
>idk if that's still the case since apple has really gotten so popular.If you are implying that used Apple products might be cheaper by now, that's not the case. Their value doesn't drop too much because all those shitters who are desperate to have a product from that brand will buy up any device, no matter the specs, as long as it has an apple on it.
>Companies pay people to post about their products on popular forums, like /g/, and comments sections. That's just the way it is. Sorry to burst your bubble.Bullshit.
Well they do pay them to post on popular forums. Not /g/ though, that's just /g/ posters jerking themselves off over an illusion of self-importance.
Looks pretty niceExcept I can't find a single one for sale anywhere.
Assembled an x220 from parts for ~250. Been the best workhorse laptop I've owned
I use Lubuntu... I'm pretty sure most people here is on Ubuntu, Xubuntu, Lubuntu, Arch, Debian, Crunchbang, or something.
>Companies pay people to post about their products on popular forums>Not /g/ thoughyeah, because this website doesn't get any traffic at all.  We're totally underground here.
Samsung, Lenovo, Microsoft.
> falling to virtualization trick
GentooMicrosoftAppleSamdungLenovoGentoo>GENTOOEmphasis needed.AmdNvidiaShills, Shills everywhere.
it's not that we're underground. but a board full of NEETS doesnt exactly have the kind of spending power marketers are looking for.
I see the NEET meme in every thread. I have a job. Everyone I know who browses /g/ has a job. Is it just the Windows gaming people who run their mouths more than anyone on here that are NEET?
Iphoneandroid freedomgooglefeature phonesmath majorfizz fuzzlately pic related, which is the shillest of all

...as you can see my extensive experience writing and maintaining a significant portion of the Linux kernel really quilifiWRITE A PROGRAM THAT ITERATES THROUGH AN ARRAY OF CHARS AND ONLY PRINTS EVERY OTHER CHARACTER.
how do you pronounce "char"?
kj-shyar
Char is short for Charizard
/tʃɑɹ/, [tʃɑɹ], [tʃɑ˞]
Like Charcoal or Charizard, not chair.
EXPLAIN WHY WORKING IN A HIP ONLINE INSURANCE ADVERTISING START-UP IS YOU PASSION.
car
care
cantalope
>kj-shyar>not kj-shyaaraeI bet you can't even recite the incantation!
care you don't fucking say CHAWR-acter  It's care-actor
I just say character.
Explains why you were always such a disappointment to your parents...
This. I also say bool as boolean and int as integer
>speaking aloud
>not writing everything in an obscure lisp dialect
I code in JAVA you fucking heathen
char
ちゃー
>CHAWR-acter>care-actorFucking Americans.
You all are fucking disappointments.#include <stdio.h>int main(void) { char yourarrayasshole[] = "fug you op faget do your own homework and it's pronounced 'char' like in cathedral"; for (int i = 0; i < strlen(yourarrayasshole); i += 2) { if (i > strlen(yourarrayasshole) break; /* fuck optimization */ putchar(yourarrayasshole[i]; } return 0;}
It's a valid question. If you don't know how to do that, then you're no good. Also the question kind of depends on whether you want to call printf a bunch of times or whether you want to store buffers and periodically flush them. I'd counter with that question.
#!/bin/bashecho $1 | sed 's/\(.\)./\1/g'
I find it a little funny that  is almost certainly more understandable to most people reading it here than 
input:"asd\nasd"reference output:"adad"your putput:"ad\nad"We will call you back...
Correct me if I am wrong but won't your code start at the third character in the string?And if it doesn't then wouldn't the statement to break out of the loop be pointless?
echo -E "$1" | sed 's/\(.\)./\1/g'
It's even worse. The input doesn't have a backslash, it's just written down in the C representation of a string literal. I can write a newline character directly in the terminal, echo -E won't do anything with it:$ echo -E 'asd> asd'asdasd
Yes, your work with the kernel is quite impresprogram everyother(output);const chars = 'the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog';      len = 43;var i: integer;begin i := 1;            repeat write(chars[i]);             i := i + 2      until i > len;            writelnend.teqikbonfxjmsoe h aydg
ok, here:% echo -E 'asdquote> asdquote> asd' | sed '{$!{N;s/\(.\)./\1/g}}'adadasd[\code]
I didn't parse your sed expression but your output is wrong. For (C-representation) "asd\nasd\nasd" you should get "adadad".
lol'd hard
object CharArrayIter {  def main(args: Array[String]) =    println(args(0) grouped 2 map (_.head) mkString " ")}> scala CharArrayIter.scala abcdefa c e
cudder
The Obama administration has asked the Supreme Court to allow Oracle (and every other company) to own APIs. In fact they've asked the Supreme Court to not even hear the case, and instead throw it out, leaving a widely condemned lower court ruling that absurdly allowed APIs to be copyrighted.http://fortune.com/2015/05/26/google-oracle-api-supremecourt-obama-appeal/Tech trade groups and copyright lawyers are all against Oracle in this case, but the Obama administration has been one of the most corrupt in US history, so money talks.
Google should win because it's best for everybody but both sides only want to win for money.
It's not about this specific caseIt's irrelevant compared to the bigger picture of APIs becoming copyrighted and owned

what the fuck, US?
Good thing I'm not murrican.
>what is the TAFTA and ect..The U.S gov is the goverment of the world , specially in Copyright matters.
>but the Obama administration has been one of the most corrupt in US historyyou have no fucking clue how the US govt. works do you?
i'll patent this codeif(agrument)if u use it anywhere i'll rekt u
/thread
Someone doesn't know how patents or copyright work.
I guess you don't either.It still amazes me that people expected anything more from an Illinois politician
So I got a 3570k and a mobo for 188 plus tax. My main issue is the mobo is last gen tech and does not have any usb 3.0 ports or a 3.0 io connector. I could build it and wait for a mobo from newegg but that means I would have to reinstall windows. Should I just spend the extra 20 on a 4690k and mobo or should I just get a 8350 and mobo?So far the total build cost is 615. Not pictured is my 250gb ssd
wut
Shit that is not last gen mobo OP. That is pre pre pre pre pre last gen mobo you fucked up pretty good OP
Return that shit
What are the best ds emulators for android?
>playing games on a phone
The only good one is Drastic DS Emulator. It's better than any ds emus on pc, even.
Thats a fucking lie. Fuk you. Drastic is bloated crap that runs like ass
Your phone must fucking suck, even my old galaxy s2 ran everything at full speed
The only fullspeed one is Drastic. This is a shame, because its creator is a bit of an asshole. I don't feel like dredging up all the drama (emugen in /vg/ will indulge you if you're curious), but long story short, many would suggest pirating it rather than supporting him.Apart from the DS, grab PPSSPP for PSP emulation, and Retroarch for basically everything else. The latter is a bit fiddly to configure and has ugly menus, but the emulation, input latency, A/V sync, and all that stuff is absolutely unbeatable.If your device can't fullspeed Drastic, it sure won't be fullspeeding anything else. I've tried it on a Nexus 4 and a Nexus 7 2012 and it ran fine on both of them.
 (Me)Something I forgot to mention, though- Android isn't a great platform for emulators, or anything else requiring strong realtime performance. It's built on a horribly inefficient Java core and the power saving CPU schedulers are stupid. Things like unsetting alarms and touching the screen affect whether applications run properly or not.iOS is actually much better from a development perspective, despite being closed off and requiring jailbreaks/paid devkits and such.
BullshitEven device with 512 ram and dual core 1GHZ processor can run it flawlessly.
>playing ds gamesGod I wish I could bully you nerds IRL
>God I wish I could bully you nerds IRLUnfortunately you're a weak ugly fat sack that gets bullied his self in real life as soon as he exits his moms basement.
Great projection, you should get a job at the movie theater
this
Even bullshit statement
>what is NDK
I want to emulate games on my phone but what's the point without physical buttons? I mean maybe it's ok for something like Advance Wars but for most games it's totally impracticable.
This.The only emulated DS games that i played on my phone are VN stuff like phoenix wright that doesn't need those hideous virtual gamepad.
what is bluetooth gamepad
shit
Then you kind of lose the aspect of portability though. Might as well just use my laptop.
I do own one. Some kind of chink gamepad. It's pretty good but it stops working after updating to lollipop. Seriously, fuck lollipop.
you can hold the phone's edges between your knees, leaving your hands free to hold the control
>not using gamepad that got some kind holder.Cost like $20. Pretty good i'd say.
i shig
Well this takes the cake but there is an app where you can control your android using a DS that uses an R4
>using an actual DS with flash card to play emulated DS games on your phone
>Implying Android only runs on a phone
>Being so autismal that you run that piece of trash on anything else but the most retarded piece of consumer electronics of our generation (smartphones).
>using android on anything but a phone
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:http://pastebin.com/u/g-lisp-general  http://pastebin.com/aDfDm5sZ>Here's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:http://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php?title=Lisp>To foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is (one of) the superior programming language(s)?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialect(s)?The previous thread:https://rbt.asia/g/thread/48062202Challenge:Implement an Unlambda REPL.
Unlambda?
Working my way through HtdP 2e and Realm of Racket. Going to make an incremental game when I'm finished. Been a mildly enjoyable experience so far.
Does anyone have a practical example of good, idiomatic macro usage?
a bad ideahttp://www.madore.org/~david/programs/unlambda/
Been using Clojure for a few weeks now, and I have to say I really like it.I've dabbled in Scheme and Racket, so at first clojure syntax seemed more complicated, but now it seems as good as any other lisp.Looking forward to go through HtdP as soon as I finish my finals, will probably check out lfe / erlang / elixir after that
I was planning on taking a look at elixir as well. It's homoiconicity + erlang libraries/vm interest me coming from a primarily JVM background.
For Erlang-like actors in Clojure, there's Pulsar which is still under active development.https://github.com/puniverse/pulsarThe docs look thorough, too.http://docs.paralleluniverse.co/pulsar/
hmm that looks interesting, what would be the main difference between pulsar and core.async?
Is HtDP a good book for learning Scheme, and then progressing to more advanced books?Would it instead be better to read "teach yourself scheme in fixnum days"?Would it be better to jump directly to SICP?
Code written for Pulsar can run on a cluster of machines.From the docs:> Pulsar is able to run on a cluster, thereby letting actors and channels communicate across machines. The Pulsar/Quasar cluster runs on top of Galaxy, Parallel Universe’s in-memory data grid.
Another interesting take on clustering the Clojure people is Onyx:http://michaeldrogalis.github.io/jekyll/update/2015/01/20/Onyx-0.5.0:-The-Cluster-as-a-Value.htmlhttps://github.com/onyx-platform/onyx
I liked these guidelines.http://www.lispcast.com/when-to-use-a-macro> Summary: Macros should be avoided to the extent possible. There are three circumstances where they are required.> 1. The code has to run at compile time> 2. You need access to unevaled arguments> 3. You need to emit inline code
Yeah I skimmed the onyx docs a few days ago and it looked interesting, I guess I'll try pulsar, onyx and core.async when I have some free time and see how they fare against each other.
I got SICP out of my college library and got through the first three chapters without much problem, although I didn't solve most of the exercises.I then skimmed through The Little Schemer but didn't like the style that much, did a few weeks of the HtDP course over at coursera ( https://www.coursera.org/course/programdesign , it's over now, but you can still enroll and watch all the videos)
Most of the macros I find myself writing are for declaring new operators in order to simplify repeated code. So for example say you have the following(def a {:foo x :bar y :baz z})(- a (apply-if-present f :foo) (apply-if-present g :bar) (apply-if-present h :baz))I'll go ahead and do(>?= a (f :foo) (g :bar) (h :baz))where you define >?= as(defmacro >?= [val & fns]  (let [fns (for [f fns] `(apply-if-present ~(first f) ~(second f)))]    `(- ~val          ~@fns)))
That was interesting to read.  I wasn't aware that macros were gimped in Clojure.Do you have any recommendations for Common Lisp macro guidelines?  The eval-when special form negates the first guideline.  The second is still valid.  The third is only valid if you don't use an implementation that follows declarations or need a guarantee of inlining.
>I wasn't aware that macros were gimped in Clojure.Glanced over it the article. In what way are they gimped? If you mean "macros are not first class" (macros are first class, sort of, they just don't exist at run time) then that's true of every Lisp's macros that I've heard of. In fact, that's necessary in order for them to be macros.
I made a mistake.  SBCL lets you access macro objects at runtime, but that's not standard behavior.
I noticed that he mentions> Another example is performing expensive calculations at compile time as an optimizationWhat would you win over just using a future?
>futureThe future still happens at runtime.  Sure, you can schedule the future so that it's calculating the value in the background before you need it, but it's still happening while you run your program rather than before.
The biggest disadvantage I can see from using macros as a way to do expensive computations is that they only happen at compile time, so you are stuck with whatever value it yielded the first time, right?In the linked article, he uses it as a way to get the actual date, but by defining it inside a macro, you are stuck with whatever date you are when you compile the program, and any future call to your program will use whatever date you were when you first compiled your program.Am I reading that totally wrong?
>so you are stuck with whatever value it yielded the first time, rightPretty much.  I agree that this particular technique is prone to all the problems you mentioned, and I don't think I'd ever use macros in this way.The cons outweigh the pros in this case.
Here's some history on why Clojure doesn't do reader macros.http://briancarper.net/blog/449/clojure-reader-macroshttp://clojure-log.n01se.net/date/2008-11-06.html#19:29d> Clojure doesn't allow user-defined reader macros because they can't be combined - there's no namespace support, unlike for regular macros http://www.infoq.com/interviews/hickey-clojure-reader
http://clojure-log.n01se.net/date/2008-11-06.html#19:38a> rhickey: AWizzArd: CL has user reader macros and the consensus is to avoid them
>Clojure doesn't allow user-defined reader macros because they can't be combined - there's no namespace support, unlike for regular macrosThat seems reasonable, but I think Racket's reader modification system actually relies upon namespaces.
If that's true, hopefully Clojure can pick up a few more tricks from Racket.One of the strongest contemporary arguments for adding reader macros to Clojure is to make using Typed Clojure less of a pain to use.
I just found a library that implements reader macros for Clojure.https://github.com/one-more-minute/chiara
I don't personally share the author's viewpoint. Parentheses make for a readable language in my experience. I think that I learned Lisp early on in programming helps too. People should approach the language with a beginner's mindset thoroughly.
a couple of emacs tricks I found:In Scheme it is idiomatic to use lambda a lot in function definitions, so if you get tired of seeing lambda everywhere, you can replace it with the greek lambda symbol. So when you type lambda, it will automatically convert to the greek symbol when you finish typing(defun sm-greek-lambda ()       (font-lock-add-keywords nil `(("\\<lambda\\>"           (0 (progn (compose-region (match-beginning 0) (match-end 0)           ,(make-char 'greek-iso8859-7 107))           nil))))))(add-hook 'XXX-mode-hook 'sm-greek-lambda)replace XXX with whatever lisp mode you use, like I use scheme-mode, or it could be lisp-mode for cl, or clojure-mode, whatever.Also when you go into lisp mode or schem mode by opening a .scm or .lisp file respectively, you have an option to start up a scheme or lisp interpreter. You will see lisp or scheme in the drop down menu (if you did not get rid of the dropdown menu in your configuration). In the menu of these minor modes there is an option to start up an interpreter, emacs will look for 'scheme' or 'lisp' in your path. Most likely your scheme or lisp implementation doesnt start with the 'lisp' or 'scheme' command which means renaming it with a symlink. I suggest putting a file in your path named lisp or scheme so you can start up your lisp quietly like this/usr/bin/clisp -q and chmoding it so its executable
In my custom lisp implementation I just rewrote a naive "append" in terms of quasiquote+unquote-splicing and it's 100x faster. Big difference between primitive functions and normal library functions at the moment.
Yeah, I was more interested in the reader macro library he came up with.
Yea, It's surprisingly simple. Everyone made the syntax sound spooky and bad, but it was really intuitive for me. Maybe that's because I'm not some java codemonkey and I'm learning it for my own enjoyment so i haven't had the shitty principles of other languages drilled into me.
alternatively you could use pretty-mode from MELPA which does unicode for a lot of things from lambda to logic gates. Just install it then drop this into your .emacs:(require 'pretty-mode)(global-pretty-mode t)
pretty-mode is deprecated as emacs comes with prettify-symbols-mode built in to emacs 24, however you manually have to activate it with M-x prettify-symbols-mode everytime you want to replace text with symbols where as my .emacs script will do auto-replace as you are typing
Ah I hadn't realized that. Still couldn't you just use mode hooks to add entries to the prettify-symbols alist like so:  (add-hook 'emacs-lisp-mode-hook            (lambda ()              (push '(">=" . ?≥) prettify-symbols-alist)))
yes, but as I said, you constantly have to enterM-x prettify-symbols-mode to do the text/symbol swap with prettify-symbols-mode whereas my elisp code auto-replaces as you type
Oh god that's awful. Thanks for explaining, anon!
Actually I checked this on my end and that's not the case. You may have to enable the mode each time, but the symbols update as you type them as in your elisp. And with the global mode you negate the issue of having to enable the mode in each buffer as well.
Is there anyway to run flycheck only on variable/function names in emacs?I know this is broad/etc, but emacs can already parse most languages enough to correctly color variables....
flyspell* I mean, not flycheck.
Yeah, but you'd need to gut out the lexer that your syntax highlighter is using.
Alright, so I guess nothing of the sort exists?
I doubt it, sorry, at least not for languages in general. It's very possible though. Some compilers have this built in for unbound variables (e.g., Haskell's GHC. After you get past their length, GHC's error messages are second to none for usefulness). There's also the problem of creating a spellchecker for variables. GHC's messages compare with bound variables for similarity, but for spellchecking in general you'd need to accept things like aVariable. This seems like a somewhat difficult algorithm unless you can find material that discusses the problem as is. For Lisps it'd be easier-- just count -s as spaces, add in some extra words like cdr and you're more or less set.
I was thinking that could be gotten around by treating capitalization changes as spaces, so it'd see aVariable as a Variable.Add in -s for spaces as you said to handle snake case, and the only problem is abbreviations.Oh well.You wouldn't happen to know if something like this exists for any language, not languages in general, would you?
>You wouldn't happen to know if something like this exists for any language, not languages in general, would you?I've never heard of it to be honest. It seems doable.
Yeah, and it'd be handy I feel.Would just need an easy way to add abbreviations to the dictionary.
Any way of making a lisp version of 4chanx? At the very least a lisp to javascript or something.
parenscript should workhttps://common-lisp.net/project/parenscript/tutorial.html
İsn't that written in coffee script
Do you have the willpower to maintain such a project for multiple years?
4chan probably only has a few years left anyway.
Yes
4chan might outlive us all.
ClojureScript. OrWhaleSong (for Racket)
>At the very least a lisp to javascript or something.That's already been done a few times.
But real question were any of them good.
Clojurescript is pretty much your best bet, it is actively maintained and the community is bigger than any other lisp->javascript that I know of (whalesong being the other one).It also has pretty good tooling:http://lighttable.com/ (text editor written in clojurescript)https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen (clojure build tool)https://github.com/bhauman/lein-figwheel (leiningen plugin for real-time browser updates as you change your code)
>X to javascriptWhy do people insist on doing this?  You're going to have to debug the code in Javascript anyway.
Some people dislike JavaScript that much. Also, it's a way for languages to gain more relevance/market-share, because if you can target js, you can reach a lot of people.
Until someone makes a browser that supports any other programming language, we are pretty much stuck with javascript for the client-side.The only option we have right now is to compile to javascript.One can only hope one day we can choose what language to use "natively" in the browser
You have to get multiple browser vendors to agree, too. Not happening any time soon if ever.
There's also the possibility of a plugin, as in Flashplayer or Java.You could probably package racket, guile, or clozurecl in one along with some extensions to operate as JS does.Though it isn't a lisp, an interesting alternative might be Elm.
this could be a thing I guess, but we already know how flash and java ended up
Plugins aren't really an option for mobile browsers.
We could also use a browser written in Lisp.
https://clojurians.typeform.com/to/b4I3Nv> Clojurians> A new slack community for people who love all things Clojure. Discussions around #clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopment and more
Browsers will probably fall out of use eventually and people will be expected to use a delivery system to download the proper utility to do whatever they were going to do online.I hope it happens like this.  Browsers have become complicated and annoying.  I don't browse a large variety of sites.  Most that I browse would work with a simple browser, like links2.That's a neat nickname.  I'm reminded of Shenturians.
>WhaleSong (for Racket)You know, I never knew that existed until today.
Hello /lisp/, what do you use for GUIs on Common Lisp? Primarily interested in just playing with it on OS X but ideally something Lispy, cross platform, and at least resembling native. Is the browser really the best option?
Browser will never look native.
itll be a long time before browsers disappear.
Free:CommonQT + Qtools cl-cffi-gtkltkProfessional:LispWorksnon-CL:Racket's native GUI bindings
>Racket's native GUI bindingsNot the guy you're replying to, but while I do enjoy Racket's gui library, I wish there were Qt bindings.
42testing a common lisp 4chan library
damndidnt work
try the Racket one https://github.com/g-gundam/yotsubAPI
>racket
what about it?
>quoting yourself in the same postAre you a wizard?
Functionally, what's the difference between let and local definitions in racket?
Same as in Scheme.(let ((x 0) (y 1)) (+ x y))==((lambda (x y) (+ x y)) 0 1)Unlike local definitions, let bindings can't be recursive (though letrecs can) and can't refer to each other (though let*s, if the bindings are given in order, can). Define also allows for an easier function definition. The vast majority of the time there's no reason not to use local definitions, and it's preferred by Racket style too.
Hey /lisp/! A few questions:1. How long have you been writing Lisp (in whichever dialect you're most proficient in)2. Roughly what would you consider your skill level?3. Most impressive project done in your dialect?
>1. How long have you been writing Lisp (in whichever dialect you're most proficient in)Been programming in Racket for about three years now.>2. Roughly what would you consider your skill level?Not quite Wizard, but I'm getting there.>3. Most impressive project done in your dialect?Blight. It's a Tox client written with racket/guihttps://github.com/lehitoskin/blight
>1. How long have you been writing Lisp (in whichever dialect you're most proficient in)2ish years, in Scheme.>2. Roughly what would you consider your skill level?At Scheme? Middle to high level. At Racket middle, at CL and Clojure beginner. At programming in general I'm feel I'm a beginner.>3. Most impressive project done in your dialect?It depends on what you'd call "impressive," but I haven't written much.
>1. How long have you been writing Lisp (in whichever dialect you're most proficient in)Racket (1 year)>2. Roughly what would you consider your skill level?Beginner in Racket, Intermediate Overall.>3. Most impressive project done in your dialect?https://github.com/g-gundam/yotsubAPI
I dabble with Clojure a bit, too.
>Challenge:>Implement an Unlambda REPL.This is too hard.  You have to go easier if you want more participation.
yo fam I hate to break it to you, but yotsubAPI is about to get btfo by a 4chan api for common lisp that i'm working onno pressure
Yeah.  I made a mistake in choosing that.I'll think of something easier for the next thread.I should've gone with brainfuck.
It might even be a good idea to do various difficulty challenges. I'm just speaking for myself here but I imagine a lot of us in this thread are relatively new to Lisp.
> btfo?!It took you long enough, Common Lisp.  Let's see what you got.
>brainfuckEven that's too hard.  You gotta throw out some easy and fun softballs so that people can hit big home runs....at least to start.
I hope you implement cool ideas so I can make a PR to yotsubAPI
Loaded quicklisp into clisp, loaded "asteroids" with quicklisp, was going good for awhile before it fucked up trying to download the SDL package and now I'm getting errors like this. How do I even select an option to run?
why hasn't the lisp keyboard been remade
I hear it has emacs syndrome with all the key combinations.
So it's amazing
>Implement an Unlambda REPL.(define (unlambda form)  (if (null? form)      '()      (case (car form)        ((apply)         (let ((f (unlambda (cdr form))))           (cons (unlambda-apply (car f) (car (cdr f)))                 (cdr (cdr f)))))        (else form))))(define (unlambda-apply op arg)  (if (list? op)      (unlambda-apply-combination (car op) (cdr op) arg)      (list op arg)))(define (snoc x y) (append y (list x)))(define (unlambda-apply-combination op args arg)  (case op    ((s)     (if (= (length args) 2)         (unlambda-s (car args) (car (cdr args)) arg)         (cons op (snoc arg args))))    ((k) (car args))    (else (error "???" op))))(define (unlambda-s x y z)  (unlambda-apply (unlambda-apply x z)                  (unlambda-apply y z)))(define (read-unlambda . maybe-port)  (let ((inp (apply read-char maybe-port)))    (case inp      ((#\`) 'apply)      ((#\s) 's)      ((#\k) 'k)      (else       (if (or (eof-object? inp)               (memq inp '(#\space #\tab #\ )))           (apply read-unlambda-line maybe-port)           inp)))))(define (read-unlambda-line . maybe-port)  (let loop ((res '()))    (let ((it (apply read-unlambda maybe-port)))      (if (eq? it #\newline)          (reverse res)          (loop (cons it res))))))(define (print-unlambda form)  (if (list? form)      (map (lambda (x)             (cond              ((eq? x 'apply) (display #\`))              ((list? x)               (display " (")               (print-unlambda x)               (display ") "))              (else (display x))))           form)      (display form)))(define (read-eval-print)  (let loop ()    (display "[unlambda]=> ")    (print-unlambda (unlambda (read-unlambda-line)))    (newline)    (loop)))No error checking and it's a bit ugly, but I think it's otherwise good. Should be R5RS.[unlambda]=> ``kaba[unlambda]=> ```skkaa[unlambda]=> `````skkkaba
Oh, and more importantly is that it's really done yet, as it only as s and k and no io operations. They should be easy to add but I'll do it later (along with the other things), I need sleep.
> The Evolution of Lisp> by Guy L. Steele Jr, and Richard P. Gabrielhttp://dreamsongs.com/Files/Hopl2.pdf
I'm learning some interesting things here about ClojureScript's JS interop.  I didn't know option #1 was even possible:(def obj (clj->js {:a {:b {:c 1} :d 2} :e 3}))(.-a.b.c obj) ;; 1(.. obj -a -b -c) ;; 2(-> obj          ;; 3    (aget "a")    (aget "b")    (aget "c"))All 3 do the same thing.  Most people seem to use #2 in their code.  #3 is too verbose.  #1...  I didn't know "." could be used more than once in the first position.
how do you handle errors like, I want to download a thread that suddendly has expired, or if I give it the wrong number and it doesn't exist.Also is it possible to give it any post number or does it always have to be the post of the OP?you type the entry you want like ":r1"
It'd be great if unlambda had a macro system which allowed for new single-character operators. Don't ask me how in the hell that would work.
Why haven't you installed it yet /g/?Pic semi related.https://torrents.fedoraproject.org/
Because I have to study for math and stats.
>Beta-testing RHEL for freeNo thanks
Ubuntufag detected
because I've already installed gentoo
Any tips for install this?
Betatestingrhelforfreefag detected
Keep doing that instead of 4chan.
>any tipsI wasn't prepared
I was tempted but I'll stick with 21 for at least a couple of weeks, just in case. Upgrading at day one just feels... unwise.
I think I'll stay with my fedora 20 installation for few more weeks. Does it come with dnf by default now, or does it still use yum?
>torrentthis stuff is illegal though
I'll stick with 21 for a while until I check it's not going to break everything I run. Also muh three 9s uptime.
Yes dnf is default now u fat shit
I tried it, but their repos are too stiff with their requirement for maintained packages. I can't easily get/upgrade Mumble.
GDM is now pure wayland in F22, neat.
How much difference does this make?
In what respect? Visually nothing but under the hood X is getting gradually replaced by Wayland.
I dunno. I've realised Arch's package manager is shit so I'm still tossing up between manmode (Gentoo), or easy street (Debian/Fedora). Right now I'm leaving towards manmode, things were pretty straight forward when I tested it in virtual box and the package manager is brilliant compared to Arch.
How do I perform the upgrade?I'm running 21 right now.Never done this sort of thing before.I mostly just use Linux for fiddling around.
sudo rm -rf / --no-preserve-root
ebin, dude.
FedUp u fat shit
I bet this is what some people actually believe.
>studying for statsLOL
where is netinstall?
Its true i was sending my friend the torrent file for arma3 br and he wouldnt download it cuz he said it was illegal...
Normalfags are so retarded.
Ca caa!
That is not normalfagging that is beyond retarded
Who else but normalfags would believe torrenting is illegal?
> Why haven't you installed it yet /g/?OP, I am using Arch since late 2012 (before that *buntu since 6.06)I am keeping eye on Fedora and OpenSUSE but it would be downgrade for me to start using them.Just AUR. How am I supposed to install all that rare software on Fedora or OpenSUSE?Binary 3rd-party repos? I don't trust them. I already must trust upstream, official Arch maintainers and my understanding of PKGBUILDs.With Fedora, Ubuntu or OpenSUSE one must add 3rd-party maintainers to his trust-chain or compile rare shit by himself which is probably often only solution when something even doesn't exist in binary form for these distributions.I am well aware of all fucked-up things on Arch but this distro is still better for me than Fedora.I don't have spare time so I must use Arch Linux. (Ironic, I know.)BTW, Fedora Core 4 was my first linux distro I installed on my PC back in 05/06.
Why not? It's like rhel but with newer packages good for a desktop system
>Just AUR. How am I supposed to install all that rare software on Fedora or OpenSUSE?>Binary 3rd-party repos?You're joking right? How is AUR (which is a community repo) safer than a fucking copr/rpm-sphere/whatever?
Running 21 mate edition. From the release announcement there's no change to the mate-related shit. Iirc 21 will be updated till fedora23 is released.Would there be any benefit from upgrading to 22?Is there some groundbreaking innovation put into 22 that i didn't know?
They added another 1.
dnf has replaced yum but I'd hardly call that groundbreaking.
Also GDM uses Wayland. No visible difference.
Fedora is in a perpetual state of broken; avoid at all costs.
Nice FUD.Or maybe your kind would prefer the term 'nice meme'?
What have you had problems with?
archfags are retarded
>You're joking right? How is AUR (which is a community repo) safer than a fucking copr/rpm-sphere/whatever?No I am not joking.>Copr is an easy-to-use automatic build system providing a package repository as its output.That doesn't sound safe.I download PKGBUILD from AUR. I examine it and I know exactly what source from where being downloaded and it will be compiled on my machine which I trust.Maybe copr have this functionality too but by searing through web interface, copr doesn't have recipes for all rare software I use every day so I had to make some by myself. I don't want to do that. Same with OpenSUSE's Open Build Service.
What's broken about it?
What's the fucking point of doing all of this if Arch is still insecure as fuark compared to fedora?copr were supposed to be lighweight private repositories without security restrictions and strict guidelines of default fedora repos. kinda what ppas are to ubuntu.
>what is RPM Fusion
sudo fedup --network 22
Bullshit
Is Fedora used more than OpenSUSE?
>not being a NEETIs it still as much of a fucking pain to acquire third party packages now as it was then? If so, I'll pass.
YesNo, it's as easy as:su -c 'yum localinstall --nogpgcheck http://download1.rpmfusion.org/free/fedora/rpmfusion-free-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm http://download1.rpmfusion.org/nonfree/fedora/rpmfusion-nonfree-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm'
Oh, no! Not the command line!
Or you can literally click a link in Firefoxhttp://rpmfusion.org/Configuration/
Didn't work for me.
Quite surprisingly no on distrowatch it's always below opensuse. And memesuse was the worst distro i've ever used.
Do you have kpackagekit installed as the directions clearly state?
No, and I'm using luakit on Arch Linux. hue.
> What's the fucking point of doing all of this if Arch is still insecure as fuark compared to fedora?Maybe not adding another possible security hole to existing imperfect collection of software?I know that Arch's "security" strategy "newer = more secure = better" doesn't even close reflect true state of howLinux community works today.But using well tested snapshot of software with strong focus on security and then combining it with something from copr, OBS or PPA doesn't sound more secure than using Arch.> copr were supposed to be lighweight private repositories without security restrictions and strict guidelines of default fedora repos. kinda what ppas are to ubuntu.Well I quit using ubuntu mainly because of security concerns about PPAs. I am not gonna start using copr or OBS.
For one, selinux.
I think it's the alcohol talking but holy fuck I'm gigglingArchfag detectedHNGH 4CHAN21 isn't entirely bad with Numix stuff. It looks very neat tbhSo is murder but idk people still do it>Catpcha: wine drinksI am drinking a lot of wine now how the fuck did the botnet find out? Oh well, may as well drink more!
Disable.
Underrated
>--nogpgcheckLOL
>fedora is totally not broken u guise>except selinux, which is broken>just disable, doesn't countYeah, no thanks. Disabling something that's broken doesn't make it not broken.
SELinux is anything but broken, faggot.
But you said Fedora was constantly breaking, and could only name SELinux.There are plenty of non-broken distributions that don't ship with it. Surely not using SELinux therefore makes Fedora just as non-broken as these.
Because the torrent hasn't finished yet. Does anyone have the Fedora debloating guide?
Why would I use Fedora when I can use CentOS?
>CentOS>2000+15>not using FreeBSD master race system
https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Fedora_myths?rd=FedoraMyths#MYTH_-_Fedora_is_unstable_and_unreliable.2C_just_a_testbed_for_bleeding-edge_softwarehttps://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Fedora_myths?rd=FedoraMyths#MYTH_-_You_have_to_disable_SELinux_to_use_Fedora
>noapps
Can i get global menus in gnome 3? I can't live without that shit anymore.
>I download PKGBUILD from AUR. I examine it and I know exactly what source from where being downloaded and it will be compiled on my machine which I trust.>i examine itbullshit. at most you maybe read the PKGBUILD, but since it's shitty shell scripting it's easy to obfuscate>I know exactly what source from where being downloadedbullshit.it's not downloading it in a secure way and it's not signed. so you have no fucking idea where it's from.
I'm waiting for a bit instead of jumping in immediately.
Anyone with a multi-monitor setup here?I can't figure out for the life of me how to fucking use a single stretched wallpaper.
>bullshit>at most you maybe read the PKGBUILD, but since it's shitty shell scripting it's easy to obfuscateIt's easy for person with solid understanding of shell scripting to hide something malicious in PKGBUILD? Yes.It's easy for person with solid understanding of shell scripting to detect something malicious in PKGBUILD? Yes.>bullshit.>it's not downloading it in a secure way and it's not signed.But it's signed. Not all, but many are. If upstream doesn't signs some of their releases, that's problem for other distributions too, not only for AUR and Arch Linux.>so you have no fucking idea where it's from.So what are those secret more secured ways of downloading files over internet which everyone else using and I have no clue about?
>It's easy for person with solid understanding of shell scripting to detect something malicious in PKGBUILD? Yes.bullshit.even sys admins switched away from shell scripting to real scripting languages, because it's so un-maintainable and has idiocracies from the 70s.let's take the second most-popular AUR package based on votes:https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/dr/dropbox/PKGBUILDinstall -Dm644 "$srcdir"/terms.txt "$pkgdir"/usr/share/licenses/$pkgname/terms.txtno double quote to prevent globbing and word splitting for $pkgname>But it's signed. Not all, but many are.bullshit.nothing is signed except the very few binary packages on AUR like cower, which actually come with a fingerprint. but even then the PKGBUILD itself isn't signed. so just MITM.
What's so special about it compared to other kernels?
Im fine with xubango 15.04
Fedora's kernel is the only one which got its own category in the official kernel.org bugtracker because their maintainers don't suck at packaging the kernel. Others need to build their own vanilla kernel before reporting bugs to upstream.
>Why haven't you installed it yet /g/?not retarded enough to install new versions right away. happy bug-hunting! i'll wait at least 2 weeks.p.s. no rpmfusion doesn't even make it usable:https://bugzilla.rpmfusion.org/show_bug.cgi?id=3612
Actual release notes:http://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/Fedora/22/html/Release_Notes/index.htmlJust changes in terse form:http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Releases/22/ChangeSetOfficial blog post:http://fedoramagazine.org/fedora-22-released/Fedora Workstation/Gnome dev blogging about it:https://blogs.gnome.org/uraeus/2015/05/26/fedora-workstation-22-is-out/
I just use the server installer. Lets you choose what DE you want (or none) and what package groups to install.
>tfw using Fedora on all my systemsPic related is my new X201
Server netinst doesn't debloat anything. It's literally Anaconda running PID1 and installs the OS in the exact same manner as a live iso. The difference is that you can install many different desktops and a server with a single CD.
>Release notes are actually GNOME 3.16 release notesmeme distro
What about the millions of programs that aren't in rpmfusion? How the fuck do I even make a Copr repo? Fucking RPMs.
No I mean, instead of debloating, use the server install to configure what you want on your system from the get-go. I don't know why they're not just offering a netinst of the workstation variant though.Gnome is devolved on Fedora and red hat more or less funds it. It's practically part of the distro at this point. Compile the one or two obscure packages that you need from source man.
All packages in Fedora are pretty much vanilla upstream. Also has negative sides, such as if upstreamfag can't decide which category application goes, then u gonna get application in fuckshit places https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1220307
I used Fedora from 7 to 12, how much has changed since then?
A lot. I tried Fedora Core around same time and it was buggy pile of shit. Now it's smoother sailing than Ubuntu for me at least since F20 when I jumped over.
>I tried Fedora Core around same timeFedora of old isn't comparable to the new Fedora since 21:https://blogs.gnome.org/uraeus/2015/04/20/fedora-workstation-more-than-the-sum-of-its-parts/
>https://blogs.gnome.org/uraeus/2015/04/20/fedora-workstation-more-than-the-sum-of-its-parts/Why are the Fedora devs so much more sensible than Canonical?Is it because they're pretty well funded?
Basically all distros are night and day since that time but Fedora has definitely come a lot further than most
Redhat has been in this business since 90's and calls all shots. Canonical is basing Ubuntu on forked sid/testing Debian. They literally can't do as sensible decisions. All their NIH bullshit just seems to damage them. That is, all the non-upstream non-debian parts. RH is like force of nature, both upstream and downstream simultaneously in perfect harmony.
Is there anyway to install Fedora without GNOME?I don't mean Spins. Just a minimal install, kinda like the Debian net install.
Yeah its called netinstall hurt look at the right side on download page fag
Oh thanksDidn't see it
So is plasma 5 in the repos yet?
Is there any advantage from installing fedora 22 from scratch vs upgrading from 21? Just wondering since I recently started using F21 and I have no useful data on it.
Yeshttps://spins.fedoraproject.org/
>--nogpgcheckSeriously? What the fuck man?
that's the recommended way to install rpmfusion and there aren't really much better ways.signing always needs some initial blind trust. outsourcing that trust to some CA - like publishing the keys on some TLS site or to some WoT - like in some PGP scheme, won't solve it either.case in point most people blindly install their OS from some random ISO and that's more or less the official way.
Some issues:https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Common_F22_bugshttp://fedoramagazine.org/fedora-22-will-contain-fc21-packages/
Just installed this shit and I am already regretting it fonts are just disgusting and I already found two bugs every time I start Nautilus it resets the icons size so I am forever stuck with these gigantic disgusting iconsWhen you click refresh updates in Software, it just gets stuck not doing anything for hours if you let it and you won't be able to install anything else. even after reboot and trying again, it is still the same problem not to mention the usual lack of software support even the free ones which makes you unable to watch your movies or listen to your music without adding some shitty third-party repos which is just unacceptably disgusting.I see fedora shilling a lot on /g/ and every time a new release comes out I always hope it is alright this time but nonot stable, not functional and fucking disgustingnever again
Just look at this diabolical shit
>every time I start Nautilus it resets the icons size so I am forever stuck with these gigantic disgusting iconssounds more like you fail at using Gnome. you need to tell nautilus to save those new icon sizes as default>not to mention the usual lack of software support even the free ones which makes you unable to watch your movies or listen to your music without adding some shitty third-party repos which is just unacceptably disgusting.retard pls. that's because of US software patents and no Red Hat doesn't want to get sued into oblivion and can't pull the 'we are poor anyway' card like some hobby distro or incorporate into some tax-heaven like Canonical.
I like it :)
Considered giving Gnome 3 another chance with this. I'll see how that goes.
Fedora dude here. Here are my fontsAlso RPMfusion isn't 3rd party>Muh software supportYou can install whatever you want. Pic related
>Also RPMfusion isn't 3rd partyyes it is:https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Third_party_repositories
It's maintained by mostly Fedora maintainers. Calling it 3rd party makes it sound like it could contain malware, when it won't.
Tell me why I should use Fedora over Debian.
The malware cant get in if you don't.
>It's maintained by mostly Fedora maintainers.not really. main guy is Nicolas Chauvet, which maintains nothing for Fedora proper.packaging isn't really up to Fedora standards either, see other popular repos for nvidia drivers:http://negativo17.org/nvidia-driver/>Calling it 3rd party makes it sound like it could contain malware, when it won't.but it could:https://bugzilla.rpmfusion.org/show_bug.cgi?id=3313
You love your wife and don't get off to the thought of a group of basketball americans trotting her globe.
Because even fucking Unstable doesn't have the latest version of Cinnamon. It's been in experimental for months. Fedora can be just as minimal and is FOSS OOTB if you have hardware with open-sores drivers. If not your wifi will still work without hassle.Also you wont have to deal with retarded decisions like the whole ffmpeg->libav switch.
Is that what happened to Debra and they got divorced?Why did they split anyway?
>Also you wont have to deal with retarded decisions like the whole ffmpeg->libav switch.because neither is in Fedora. great solution.
Again see 
>Also you wont have to deal with retarded decisions like the whole ffmpeg->libav switch.retard pls.no one knows before hand which fork will survive and maintaining both when they use the same names isn't easily possible.the way to get FFmpeg in Debian and Fedora was the same: use some third-party repo. now FFmpeg is even in Debian Sid and since Wheezy they don't care about patents anymore, meanwhile nothing changed for Fedora.
>they don't care about patents anymoreSee, Fedora has to care about patents.
>Systemdicks by default LOL
http://blog.kwizart.fr/post/2015/05/09/165-RPM-Fusion-free-available-for-fedora-22>I would like to announce that the RPM Fusion free repository is published since few days for Fedora 22.>It's only a rebuilt for f21 packages made for f22.great quality standards. at least freetype was updated in Fedora proper, so freetype-freeworld will be some old patched version
>can't disable two finger scroll>can't disable touchpad while typing
>didn't read release notes>doesn't know that libinput can be disabled>doesn't know that libinput isn't even enabled when you upgraded from a previous version
No... Just no...
I think this is Ubuntu-centric. Anyone take a whack on Fedora and report back?
>the year of the linux desktop
Are you stupid?
Fedora doesn't have sudo by default, so that won't work, yes.
libinput is needed for wayland.wayland will deprecate that shitty display server from the 80s.wayland will in fact help the linux desktop.
It does. Nothing wrong with it, but well meme'd friend :^)
>It does.nope:http://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/Fedora/22/html/Installation_Guide/sect-installation-gui-create-user.htmlwhen you create a user during the installation, that one won't be in the wheel group by default.
Yes...? I've got sudo since installation because I ticked a box asking if this user needs admin rights. It has sudo by default but doesn't deal access to it like pedophile deals candy (see: Ubuntu).
obv you can configure it different.but by default the user isn't in the wheel group and that's why common Fedora guides like for installing rpmfusion use su -c not sudo
>but by defaultI'm kinda getting sick of hearing this. Configuring your system isnt that difficult.
pls learn to read, retard.it was said that Fedora doesn't have sudo by default and you called that a lie. You were wrong.
install and run fedy
no thanks, see 1-click tools claiming to support fedora 22 when the underlying repos aren't even ready is a good example why you shouldn't use them
>fedy>Running curry nigger softwareIs it really that hard to install the codecs and freetype-freeworld?
It has sudo by default. It just doesn't give it by default to every fucking user. Ubuntu actually doesn't have proper root by default: you need to install some package for it if I remember correctly. That is the difference here you fucking retarded nigger.
You really are retarded aren't you? Ubuntu doesn't require a package for "proper" root, you just need to set root's password. Go run Slackware or OpenBSD for a year and then come back when you have the slightest clue about how *nix works. Jesus, kids these days.
too bad that's not how you do it. you need to unlock root login, before you can set a pw.recommending some retarded Linux stuck in the 90s or some completely different *BSD to learn *nix is cute. learn modern linux, not unix from yesteryear.
>Go run Slackware or OpenBSD for a year and then come back when you have the slightest clue about how *nix works. Jesus, kids these days.neither of those OSes will teach you anything about PAM, so pretty useless in this case.
No you don't. I literally just did it with sudo passwd root on my xubuntu box. Quit believing everything you read on crack overflow.https://help.ubuntu.com/community/RootSudo
Enabling root doesn't require any knowledge of PAM.
that implies unlocking and is PAM magic in action and not UNIX.http://www.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/man.cgi/OpenBSD-current/man1/passwd.1?query=passwd&sec=1can't even lock some account
>that implies unlocking and is PAM magic in action and not UNIX.This sentence makes precisely no sense.>can't even lock some accountI beg to differ:userdel -p usernamehttp://www.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/man.cgi/OpenBSD-current/man8/userdel.8?query=userdel&sec=8
excuse me, that should be:$ userdel -p true usernameand to unlock:$ userdel -p false username
that's totally going to work for root
>This sentence makes precisely no sense.then strace what passwd does and find out.
Disabling the root password isn't really useful. Either there's a way to become root without using the password (such as another system service, or a security hole in a program running as root), in which case whatever you do about the password is irrelevant; or becoming root requires the password, in which case a strong enough password is as secure as disabling the password.A strong password has to withstand brute force attacks. There is a first layer of security, which is that ordinary users cannot read the password hash, so they can only make attempts by calling su or login.Even if an attacker manages to obtain the password hash, they have to calculate hashes by brute force until they find the right one. OpenBSD properly uses a slow hash; if you want your password to withstand a billion-CPU bot for 10 years, a password with 60 bits of entropy (13 random letters) is overkill.Also, OpenBSD offers a security feature that restricts the root account: the securelevel. If you set the securelevel to a positive value, then certain actions (including changing the securelevel, loading kernel code, and modifying files marked as immutable) are restricted to kernel code. This can be used to guarantee the integrity of a part of the system even if the root account is compromised.
where can I get some GNU Warez?
hello g/eeksI need your help.I just got new laptop, and fr some reason i cant connect to the internet, i can see the home page, but when i try to see other pages it just says"ERR_CONNECTION_REFUSED"Help. Plese
>/g/eeksNo.
suck up your pride, what could be wrong with it?
Are you actually connected to the internet
yup, just trying to reset resetlog.txt
>home pagedo you mean something like "yahoo homepage" with actual, up-to-date content ? or just "muh tiles" of links to recent/bookmarked websites ?try to ping/tracert google, post results(windows+R => "cmd" => Enter => "ping 8.8.8.8")
google hp, but i am 100% connected
ok will try, i am just rebooting it, so gimme a minute
>g/eekswe're not your tech support m8
well, also general internet issues thread, goddamit, help a man in nedd...do your good deed for the day
>ipconfig /flushdnsrefreshes the mapping "google.com" -> "223.212.241.55">tracert 8.8.8.8show the path your packets take when trying to reach some server on the interwebs
netsh winsock reset catalognetsh int ip reset reset.log hitso in the end, ths worked for me
Normalfag, go to geeksquad.
>people saying the new thinkpads are less durablehttps://youtu.be/doEZMNXz1JY?t=10m15s
Didn't Lenovo remove the rollcages
Found like 3 sites on google that all claim it has a roll cagehere's one of them:http://www.laptopultra.com/guide/lenovo-thinkpad-t450s-disassembly/
Good video, Louis, liked and subscribed.
Why the fuck do you care so much about watching videos on repairing macbooks?
>he tries to claim the bigger delete key is somehow naturalwhat the fuck? the delete key is the same size as the insert key that's right above it on a NORMAL keyboard and we have no fucking problem finding them
This is autism. It doesn't matter where the delete key is located unless it switched places with the enter key. For any normal person it would take 5 minutes tops to get used to literally any standard qwerty keyboard.
But I agree with his autism, I just don't agree with this bullshit reasoning.Laptop keyboards DO need to die, they're all fucking terrible.If something legitimately wants me to be efficient, it should not change the base QWERTY layout at all.Give me a 60%, fine, but don't change the fucking qwerty layout just for the sake of changing it.I personally just take an external keyboard with me everywhere I go and plug it into whatever needs typing.
What the shit are you niggers talking about?The older ThinkPads have the same size Delete and Insert keys.> tfw I was the first guy to post this videoFeels weird man.
For me there are only two unacceptable things in laptop keyboards - fn instead of control in the bottom left, and up and down buttons smashed together like there no place for two full-size buttons. Everything else is more or less bearable and I will sacrifice traditional layout if another machine i'm considering is better in some other more tangible aspect.
For me, if you want to design a small form factor keyboard, it MUST have this design.Anything else is just unusable and drives me crazy.
What's wrong with the function key being in the bottom left?It makes turning on the Thinklight on my ThinkPads a hell of a lot easier. I think it'd fucking suck if I actually had to search around for where the function key is.Besides, as long as the function and the control keys are the same size and you can switch them, what's the big deal? Just pop them out and switch them and change the keyboard layout.
>For me
>Besides, as long as the function and the control keys are the same size and you can switch them, what's the big deal? Just pop them out and switch them and change the keyboard layout.Can you actually change them, though?If you can do that and change the layout (eg. with a set of hardware switches or jumpers somewhere), then I'd agree that it's fine.Preferably without having to use a soldering iron.
4u> Can you actually change them, though?Yes. Just change the key mappings and then just pop the tops off the keys and switch them.I can do it with my T420, X200, X60s and X61s easily.
>Just change the key mappingsHow? Drivers? Hardware switch?
> How?If on leenoox, then just use xmodmap, or do something like https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Keyboard_configuration_in_console , I guess.On Wangblows, try something like http://colemak.com/Registry_remapping , I guess.I'm sure that there is third-party software that'll help you out, too.I don't know about OpenBSD or OSX, though.> Drivers?See above.> Hardware switch?No. Just remap the keys using software and physically switch the key caps.
Just switch it in bios you fucking tards.
Well how the shit do I do that?
Since when the fuck does xmodmap let you control the in-hardware function key modifier?
Just checked the BIOS settings in my X200 and I don't know wat do.
You have to download a custom BIOS and flash it which switches the keymapping for fn and ctrl keys.
they removed the rollcage for the display with the __10 series, but all thinkpads have had the internal rollcage
lolidunnoI thought you just make a makefile and run it.> You have to download a custom BIOS and flash itYeah, fuck that.It's not like you're going to be using your function key in BIOS anyways, unless you want to turn on some hardware or something.
>It's not like you're going to be using your function key in BIOS anywaysHuh? Maybe you misunderstood. The flash will permanently switch both keys, no matter if in BIOS or in any OS.
>neckbeards will argue against thisx240 with the x250 trackpoint. Never again will i let some poorfag tell me to buy a x60
>I thought you just make a makefile and run it.Are you just throwing terminology around here?Look, I think you should look up on how PS/2 and USB keyboard interfaces work, and then realize that Fn keys are not just keys that you send to the OS like Control, Alt or Shift.They're completely separate because fn is not an actual key that's supposed to actual exist. Pressing Fn+Something will actually send the replacement keycode for that. It's done completely in hardware, NOT software.Maybe you can do it in the BIOS or in custom drivers and shit, but certainly not using the normal keyboard APIs.This is why, while you can move virtually every key anywhere on a regular keyboard, you usually CANNOT move the Fn key unless there's special support for it.
> Huh? Maybe you misunderstood. The flash will permanently switch both keys, no matter if in BIOS or in any OS.No, I understood.Sure, if you're moving from one OS to the next and want to change shit only once, reflashing BIOS is fine.But if you're just sticking with one OS, there is literally nothing wrong with not changing it via BIOS.> >neckbeards will argue against thisAgainst what?> x240 with the x250 trackpoint.Still shit. He even says it in another video, or the same video, in the comments section.> Never again will i let some poorfag tell me to buy a x60> not owning an x60 alreadyI guess you're the poorfag here, anon.
Rich people can be frugal too.I'd rather spend my disposable income on travel and adventure than overpriced consumer goods.
Well disregard that, I  suck cocks.
>having to decide between the twopoorfag
I'm planning to buy a new laptop soon and been thinking about the Chinkpad T410, any anons have one? How is it?
Got a T420 here, but the T410 should be fantast-> I'm planning to buy a new laptop soon and been thinking about the Chinkpad T410, any anons have one? How is it?> I'm planning to buy a new laptop soon and been thinking about the Chinkpad T410, any anons have one?> I'm planning to buy a new laptop soon and been thinking about the Chinkpad T410,> Chinkpad T410,> Chinkpad T410> Chinkpad> anything with a clamshell design> a chinkpadGet >/out/
I've never seen that much crying since that kid in Chuck E. Cheese went ape shit.
> le autism maymay> getting bootyblasted> over a guy getting mad> in /g/Where do you think you are?
Oh, look, IBM trying to be Apple even more.
> imblying IBM makes ThinkPads anymoreNah, IBM's trying not to be like Lenovo, but is failing hard.
The fuck, you don't need a custom bios, it's right there in the fucking bios, I've used it before.
wut were
look harder
In a ThinkPad X200 BIOS screen?
I had to stop watching after 0:22, his faggot voice made me want to punch him in the throat
> implying that he holds that voice for the whole video> not even being able to withstand fifteen seconds of bad humorGrow up, kid.> pic related: it's you
more like fifteen minutes
Can you confirm this for the x60s? I haven't looked into my BIOS yet to be honest.
>Ubuntu Community Council Tell Kubuntu Lead to Quithttp://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2015/05/kubuntu-project-lead-asked-to-step-down-by-ubuntu-community-council
>Community CouncilWhat the hell is this shit?
Some kind of fascism that Canonical is running.
Hi /g/I just wanted to share a handful of application security related blog posts that I wrote for my company blog, as well as hear what you all think.> Preventing SQL Injection in PHP Applications - the Easy and Definitive Guide https://paragonie.com/blog/2015/05/preventing-sql-injection-in-php-applications-easy-and-definitive-guideTL;DR - Use prepared statements, don't concatenate parameters with your query string.> Encryption is not Authenticationhttps://paragonie.com/blog/2015/05/using-encryption-and-authentication-correctlyTL;DR - If you're adding encryption to your project, you probably want authenticated encryption.> If You're Typing the Word MCRYPT Into Your PHP Code, You're Doing It Wronghttps://paragonie.com/blog/2015/05/if-you-re-typing-word-mcrypt-into-your-code-you-re-doing-it-wrongOpenSSL is faster and safer (AES-NI = no cache-timing side-channels in your AES), libmcrypt is abandonware. This should be a no-brainer when you compare them, but many PHP developers (including framework maintainers) were not aware of the nuanced facts of the two libraries.> Implementing Secure User Authentication in PHP Applications with Long-Term Persistencehttps://paragonie.com/blog/2015/04/secure-authentication-php-with-long-term-persistenceTL;DR - How to implement a secure login form with a "remember me" checkbox in PHP. That might sound trivial, but the way most people approach it is riddled with back-doors (worst case) and side-channels (best case).> The Fast Track to Safe and Secure PHP Sessionshttps://paragonie.com/blog/2015/04/fast-track-safe-and-secure-php-sessionsTL;DR - PHP Session management basics> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > Suggestions and questions are welcome as well. Our next technical blog post in the queue, which will cover Cross-Site Scripting mitigation, is being blocked by a confidential project a friend of mine intends to open source soon. Teaser: Picture HTMLPurifier but 8x faster.
Also, sorry they're text-heavy. I'm not the most artistic or visual person. :\
isn't that contradicting each other:like using mcrypt but then later having an article about how shit mcrpyt is.and the answer should be to use libsodium and nothing else. you will fail to build your own crypto scheme. no actual cryptographer is insane enough to even do that.
I used mcrypt to illustrate a point in the other article, since it's what most developers are familiar with.Also, getSafeCookie() and setSafeCookie() both just wrapped libsodium.I agree though, people should just use libsodium:http://news.php.net/php.internals/86329
TweetNaCl vs libsodium?
What's your fucking problem, agar.io ? I use Firefox, faggot, stop reading my user agent
So g,Tell me why I should not buy the z3?
Because they just announce Z3+, and you can wait for it.
The z3 will cost less. Once you get the z3 I wouldn't upgrade until the z6. I have the z3 trust me you will be amazed by the battery life.
Wasn't Sony going to quit making smartphones after the z4?
No, I believe sony mobile said something along the lines of " we will not be discontinuing our services to our customers".
It has ugly oversized bezels
Z3+ will be 3 times more expensive than ebuy z3
How can I edit/mod android apps? Are apk files encrypted to prevent this? I want to take i coptor and edit it to make it my own.
If you can't figure out something this simple then you're incapable of doing it.
I don't know how you would ask something like this and not know how to do it Anyway there are a lot of tools, might be new ones, I haven't done this shit in a while, one I like is apkmanager I think, cant fuckin remember but it's really useful, there's also this other one I think it's called dex2jar, just go on xda and search for this stuff, they worship android phones especially all the Indians on there
Recommend me a mouse. I'm a gamer so would like a good mouse.
Your dad's dick. >install gentoo
I herd mudkips are better pets than mice.
Always buy from a local breeder. Don't buy from pet shops. They are usually disease ridden mice mass produced for either experiments or food.
>IMMA GAYMURYour average mouse can handle your ASSFAGGOTS fine normie scum
Ps/2 over usb ar any cost.  Beyond that, I don't think its one size fits all
Do you use macros?>noBuy whatever looks cool>yesBuy whatever has the most buttons
/v/
What do you think about normal mice vs gaming mice. I can't see it justifying the extra cost tbh.
check the pet store or ask /an/
A zowie.
Been looking at these, which one should I get? As they all are the same price.
Which one?
Literally, there's no difference except one looks S00P3R ROBO-P3N1S EDITION -y.
what does /g/ think of the logitech g300? got it for a literal tenner
Like this?

logitech m100 stronkfuck do you need past two buttons and a scrollwheel
My mouse has 17 buttons and I use over 10 of them, and I don't use any of them when I play games. Lots of buttons on your mouse is useful, at least until somebody invents a browser I can navigate only with a keyboard that also isn't fucking emacs, I swear to god don't fucking tell me to use emacs.
I wish the chinese would hurry up and invent girls with mouse ears already.

The macbook trackpad.http://kotaku.com/5878449/why-the-apple-trackpad-might-be-the-best-video-game-controller-ever-made
just why?
>2k15>gamerFucking end your life, you're nothing but a human bean that plays video games.
I say dunt buy razerI got one and I'm never buying one of these craps againlogitech never failed me
Sick and brilliant.
Razer Nage, still going strong after 4 years. But it's only good if you need a full numpad on your mouse.kek
Science has proven that gamers have better overall reaction and workspeed over non gamers you mongoloid. TV is generally shit so what else is to do for recreation on rainy days?You are just unhappy because your shitty meme os doesn't play games.
So Windows 10 is a meme? Okay.
also a trackman marble trackball
zowie on the bottom, the fuck is this?
it isn't biased, two steel series mice are in great tier. maybe a good mouse, but not on a tier list for 100+ dollar mice
the zowie mouse costs 40$ cmon
and the others cost 100+?literally every logitech mouse on there is in the 120s new
>G400>120 newHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
/g/ where can i find a couple linux pro's to help me build a custom Debian distro without the bloatware kali linux has?I wanna build a distro with all the tools i want in it.
have you tried Debian?
if you're looking for pros you better start offering some money
Looks like you're just after debian
How much are we talking here $40-50 per person?How can i know for sure they won't hide rootkits or malware or backdoors in it?
Keep in mind this girl has probably had dozens and dozens of dicks in her and probably only has surface level knowledge of Linux. She also needs to shave her fucking joyline.
Do it yourself then or find a project that you like and use that.
>40$-50$some people do this for a living. no one lives off of 40$-50$
>Keep in mind this girl has probably had dozens and dozens of dicks in her This is /g/, I thought we respected people with experience over those without>and probably only has surface level knowledge of Linux. > implying /g/ isn't 50% Muh First Distro>She also needs to shave her fucking joyline.The hell she does, you raving homo
I dunno enough about linux to build it i was working on a distro using guides  but them sites are down now so just figured maybe if i throw money at people they might be interested helping out my only issue is rootkits and malware and backdoors being embed into the OS.
who is this spooge scrooge?
Just use Debian and get on with your life.
>implying /g/ isn't 50% Muh First Distromore like 70% windows, 20% jewbuntu first distro babbys and 10% experienced linux users
You're the kind of guy we need
>I thought we respected people with experience over those withoutcuck> implying /g/ isn't 50% Muh First DistroI've been using Linux since 2008. >The hell she does, you raving homoIt's okay if you enjoy getting cucked by hairy sluts. We all have preferences man.
I doubt this girl has even touched an NES controller
Who's the mexicunt?
you won't be touching her nes controller either though, so it's fine
Why not? It's not like it's a turbogfx-16 controller
also sharp knees, amirite broheim
>Ubuntu>babbies>exclusively mutual Here's how it really works.>Ubuntu as first babby distro.>Arch/Gentoo when you're a super Linux ricer pro. >Going back to an Ubuntu/Debian derivative of whatever DE you grew to prefer during stage two because you're wasting time.>Become the elusive productive Linux user.
Anything on Kali can either be installed from Debian Repos or compiled from sourceYou don't need to spend money just don't be dumb, look for the tools you want and will use.
i tried fedora, just ended up going back to debian for work ubuntu for gaymes.
Debian wiki is written entirely by "pro's"
>That fucking everything.Oh my fucking god, got any more, OP?
fedora+fedy is the comfiest for me
Use Debian tard.
underage detected did you know truly geeky women are often the least to flaunt their interests, as with most genuine people?
Get out, non-free shitstain!
What are you talking about? I don't give a fuck about if she doesn't know how to install gentoo, all I know is she's fucking hot, look at that stomach, look at those fucking hips!
>caring about her interestsfaggot pls
does anyone have the full set?
I'm like literally whatever'ing right now, I just want more pictures of that gril.
ur autism just got btfo
More like $40-50 per hour if you want something customly built just for you.
WHAT IS HER NAMEISHERNAME
Experiment in the Suse Studio. When you're satisfied, build and download your ISO.
Who is this bone machine?
that semen demon can have all of my semen
>$40-50 per person?think about how long it would take someone to actually make the distro you want. then think about the amount of knowledge they'd need to accomplish that. you really think someone is going to sell their labor for $15, maybe $20/hour at the most?
Hi /b/. I want you to train my recurrent neural network. Link me to a website (e.g., reddit.com/r/movies or even 4chan.org/g/) and I'll crawl it for content. I'll post sample output strings as the machine learns how to talk in the voice of that website (e.g., it didn't take long to learn the word nigger when I crawled pol). Dubs gets to pick what corpus I use, or if I see something really interesting I'll use that.
> /b/I'll let it slide.Train it on jezebel articles.
settlement.arc.nasa.gov
Crawl yahoo answers
Seconded.http://jezebel.com/So, how does this work, OP? I'm interested in neural networks, but don't know how your specific one would work.
Tibetan Book of Deadhttp://www.summum.us/mummification/tbotd/toc.shtml
Made the rounds over the weekend:http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness/
Ah. Cool. I'll give it a read later.Neural networks are certainly pretty baller. I intend to really study them sometime, but right now I've only screwed around without making a serious study of the subject.
Okay, spinning 'er up.
How long does it take to train?
What did you use to make it?
See: 
Oh, so you're the guy that made that.I guess all good things do trickle down from 4chan after all...
god, jezebel has so much garbage markup. working on cleaning it up with lynx and regex.
No. I'm not OP, and I don't believe OP made that. I think OP is just using their code.OP, could you clarify?
hours for really good results, minutes for amusing results
I'm not the guy who wrote that awesome article. I was inspired to use his code, though.
Jezebel has garbage *everything*, so that's hardly surprising. Gawker is fucking disgusting.if you really want to hate your computer, train it to write Feministing. Jezebel is crap, but it's kind of wimpy. Feministing is pedal-to-the-metal ranting about rape and triggers 24/7. Jezebel is like a shitty diner, while Feministing is like old carrion.
Can someone explain to a poor ole newfag like me what a neutral network is?
Now I'm tempted to re-implement the code on GPU. Training neural networks is very well suited to GPU implementations since it's vector-based and uses lots of floating point arithmetic.I really should learn OpenCL properly. Right now I only really know CUDA in any real depth. I think CUDA is better than OpenCL, but it's also proprietary and Nvidia-only.
that site triggered me.Managed to clean up Jezebel and have a corpus of actual content 260k in size after removing 44 megabytes of garbage.It's running now. I'll post in a few minutes after a few hundred iterations.
The open source code he provided does use the GPU, though you can point it at a CPU. I'm training it on a AMD Radeon R9 M370X, not super beasty but the best I got and his code doesn't run on Windows.
>http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness/
You have a neuron. This neuron has a vector, called its weights. This neuron takes a vector as input. Its output is g(input) = f(weights * input), where * is the dot product and f is usually some sigmoid function.You can create a layer of these neurons. These neurons take a vector as input. They give a vector of output, which is a vecot made out of g(input) for each neuron.Now you can make multiple layers. The output of each layer feeds into the next layer.What this means is you can take a vector, feed it into the first layer, feed the first layer into the second, and so on, and get a vector out of the other side.You can now automatically find appropriate weights for the neurons using certain techniques. This means that the final output reveals some pattern in the input. For example, if you want to identify handwriting you can feed the image in as your input vector and you will get output which will tell you the probability of it being each letter.Does that make some sense?
Looks like it uses Torch, right?I don't know Torch, sadly.
So it scans an image and tells you what it is?
Had to restart it, was running on the wrong input file, whoops.Here's the output after 200 iterations:>mmKdaoloreeryaomgJegemoee` oflrnahS.iokeneseroneogeneeabdyir re gaiYg.ctertovilgnl-dbkgott. eiy lfnr,arrmdkhe   flttcliodhsldnls-0Dpta[267207]/7je?[8155010Rk Ihmtkagetsrpef adaglom?elr n ot cerafeth ol aFtdeoat[Trsienerct, s egminmidswotbamcilctayecrilsbgnptFUnzteyo1.d tTthaB drubl i peri*epateMsrsapdzof43Jbtipegag rima2slmsheJu-r4ebrg.ntTsluuF&,eFoe ftkfHiais[7]jrileteih5Yoaeoos,   mofir,uh, *n]?orhlt dlioy doakaherng(frPndntpalfCziaRtoul nhcijds GaD ib s tb eaeyolinl  hy [113[]zicer siNot so great, yet.
After 400 iterations, it's starting to understand the basic structure of a jezebel article.   cide, ocelote ceutrime alechin?    kart berames' pice teer,-giss, pesat ho chemink hy techeindmey arins eoss anyleyib,    tig  ast[c Tareon doit! posdhe?rad onterdaeg   acterred vas mere podsett Cancim. pindaelleitml   tire. beiskl    comhicy Caaqm?sinnt areoy   lelesin. paremos he yhe urte nilf. o #10. C icte Seeyhe. S Ansy Tabd hune. Arn
That's a dramatic oversimplification. It can take any input and give any output. It could identify audio or steer a car. It could upscale an image while preserving detail.This program trains a network which will learn to write like its input. It will learn to write Jezebel articles. I don't know why you would want to automatically write Jezebel articles, but this will let you.
So AI?
Yes. Though most people don't like the term AI anymore, it does fit. It learns from data.
Cool. Would this be hard to learn how to do?
I learned how to do it over the weekend after reading that article. It's not hard to use if you already know how to code.
OP please be careful and do not unleash some kind of horrific cyberfeminist AI onto the world
Depends. The simple implementation is really easy, especially if you use a library. Doing the more advanced stuff can get really complicated.
You should train it on Linux source code.https://github.com/torvalds/linux
Inderasding idea tbh
Alright, thanks anons :^)
Fuck, my restart failed. The file with garbage was somehow cached and the AI learned how to SEO spam instead of write articles.Moved the data directory to bust the cache. Back down to 500 iterations. :'( Hopefully 3rd time is the charm. Looking good so far, no SEO spam.
At 700 iterations it's learning the rudimentary structure of snarky comments. I expect around 4000 iterations the output to start looking recognizably Jezebel.---------------     FF   Puty The [121]Nane hike tople-Game for?      as   Cheta coed the [93]nterolt that   dirk  t?she leem thut rehor onh anvory, Je:2[299]A        Posh? [283]? [152]5/111194:10am   1/65/24&bu17/2142&cv=6189&   Pices beed:50Ctor   [953118&etll     *   an Carizlo:Nu binky [72]Geashe and Mith be yiicshy Mine inc a Lare   Pandewed niLa ox a Kariye Woes a fot every onet   en my [333]? [152]Vrarer
You might not actually have to do that. The guy who made the program says it managed to generate entirely valid HTML when trained on Wikipedia. It might manage to figure out the website even with the garbage markup.
How long does an iteration typically take?
Oh, it would. I trained it on my company's source code this morning, the results were remarkable.But Lynx + Grep makes it easy to remove garbage markup and I'm more interested in the article contents.
With my machine and the parameters I passed the neural network, each iteration is about 0.7 seconds.
What is that machine? And what are the parameters?
At 1300 iterations it's sounding vaguely like English.This output was obtained using the primer text of "rape fantasy"-----------------. Hh is regour, in finlar.   The Parteriet stoond sime hust that in a this whilk a goorss andner sociple of 200040tsard.   And Washt Tane Tho prow monk. Have dost bectormeg for port   Il ougher her Vonce thed thern_hill ther forrerin vy the cleates. There risade? drach   the Gestar Uafour honle to dom?s a spting acast fashion by rembom starity   Roncestagh hlers, *link. Ild dingrast.   Kidte:   wiss the hew for her realrated the awel to. Binder teal and this fely, is 2018?in a live evern, for jugtur. [90]?    mage bey in a right.
See Doing a 3-stage network with 260,000 parameters and 100-characters of back-propagation.Captcha: Sandwiches
When do you cut this off? Would it write infinite articles if you let it?
It'll go forever or until it starts to loop. I just tell the machine how many characters I want and provide it primer text (or it samples primer text from its own validation data). Example primer text might be a question, and then it provides an answer, or just continues the question.
DO HACKER NEWS NEXT
kek
heh
1900 iterations, primer text: "What is rape culture?"------------- [121]?   Kate Dries shared a post by [207]Julianne Escostedme       posted by [56]Mark Shrayber       Surgery       posted by [59]Karyn Polewaczyk     *   Lest beate fainter at [86]obloe@jezebel.com.   [DFP_Audience_Pixel;dc_seg=22540930;blog=jezebel;ord=1?]   [p?c1=2&c2=6770184&cv=2.0&cj=1]   Powered by[103]   Visible links   Hidden links:       FIFA   Written by [51]Karyn Polewaczyk     *   Bruce Jenner has reportedly completed his gender reassignment surgery   remact that [366]mary and Pickterl is punce of the femone the     seem latted mother, who have the frattion that ganically is a furter compested to   comed to ene of the frater of the the hell week it?s because the women?s brake the   complated the timet and opteds to the book the first made the conters     the get could be shid accusisted to be about the seeust more       The Diggar the every faction for whine some made betteer this partical and a serievifion and fach   image the male week if the the the getter to protious got. It?s here is a securate in a   pratty the get some the got. [295]? [135]4/13/15 8:30pm
Ha! Great idea.
Read through it, seems p. cool at recognizing patterns or generating things that look like other things.Obviously it isn't capable of produce sensible, intelligible output yet, but one use case that immediately comes to mind for this would be for something like a spell checking or word predictor on a phone.Do you think it would be possible to adapt an RNN like this for a phone environment, possibly training it on your own inputs in order to give it the ability to predict things you're likely to say with great confidence?
That would not work on a phone. It takes way too much power. You'd have to offload it to a server.
Man this shit hurts my brain, I don't know 90% of the references and names Jezebel uses in their shit articles. It's hard to judge the quality of the output. Seeing more actual words, now.--------------------  [Domary boriliin abonk to [331]rekips   that mades, why he shalls admoting to sgadeling my   Brate) and hover [219]hearmery Duggar), Insedicly   will be vition is itn?t itheutack fritted cover fanthably that think make who has   daughter varesting.) uppudacies and has doess;,   was a light; like shinds, Sapozoon while was accusitical on the idve.     Senred Denbary Tane dilpision ando made it fires
Do a Gamefaqs walkthrough of Final Fantasy 6. http://db.gamefaqs.com/console/snes/file/final_fantasy_iii_l.txt
>DuggarThat was some big controversy recently. So that's encouraging.
How much power does it take to just apply the model (without training)?You could store the inputs and offload them to your PC every night to train it there.
Depends on how much output you want. Output is really fast, though, I'm sure it'll peg your phone CPU but only for a few seconds to a minute.
3000 iterations----------------------       Alptal for that Khim apmrapped news and Instagrammed   "lles now.     The anpo be hor.? [166]? [126]4/15/15 2:45pm 1/13/15 9:45pm     *   In today?s Tweet Beord tong the fessal and reportedny, stansy?s accorting.   Enten thow, stuct alp sude haps of believes   complicate? [308]? [175]@/2/13114 9:00a centaid=304164   Eedsa, Wool that Hading haOsstain   specident suckrapsice, the todied Misnop for not he worold:       just of all the laming consedest fan the simmer allood, coneence   Mariatam and family whicho. as Poups me want up what's Aurenasifitale wrowant in a   recird wantings altimac at times at the hisp ed namery in my wordang   agted each ?t to a real ales of a procescem by wake   severest dias artory raming spresugting to disch mador performand.   us way), and I'm [234]frower for   the agest by nearler anvary moudly despe. It yevores in vitay night stidia  niker,? which she-on Lick:   are brothers cover fatias and you rund maughters in Aminary Wrot of Just-Dad Hunds
You should get a 4chan pass and email the staff, see how much damage this thing can do on here.
Hm. Kind of unimpressive still, honestly. This network is pretty small, though, and you haven't trained it for long.
The output from running it on 4chan would be hilarious. I ran it yesterday on pol and after 30 minutes it was doing > meme arrows and > implying and calling people faggots.
Shit. We can make an automatic shitposting bot!Is there any way to have it automatically choose which anime images and webms to post? That is the obvious next avenue of reserach.
just give it a bigass folder of smug anime girls
Yeah, I'm about to give up on Jezebel and point it somewhere else. Part of the problem is Jezebel is so shit and alien to me I can't tell if it's improving (I'm sure it is, but...) -----------  them tried be the spent of money of their   prode the former made it prove of the there are of the house, there?s a woman   reeport of Marthastan and Palmed Tampss that he   didn?t swe we got four it speirs that it?s the girls and the first you   can while her en are some that the interview with the   streets of Ottertices Etrawe stars whe famous it of the compover of   to belicave parech of the women who from the   spinne in the sumfer of the fact that her oppone   help of something so it?s the same of much famorase is a publical seem in my a love   spring who he was upsigh the former forther heartares woman   trien is woman. They he?ngerving in the hopes of she likes and   surprised that he is a transgender woman?s ever called can the consent     ban chircher of a seecila or care, us the show whose   directol her filming with the fact that I would being Wedtime Fracy   [182]#[106]5 9:20am sourse Coler       I on the says of an over a got to get to 200 doud to the   streets of romance is hos by not that her life.     I think this past of unage? [349]? [345]7/26/14 5:00pm   10/15/14 12:10pm
But that's old fashioned! It should be able to automatically watch anime and pick out the smug images for itself.So this should be our new project: make a robo-NEET. I'll get started on the logo.
This sounds like a great way to get some life back into 4chan
Did OP post the source code or just a link to the article? I'm a total newfag and got linked here, but I want to try and run this myself.make sure it has a tripcode so the mods know not to ban it. It'll be like our Horse Ebooks
Okay, it's starting to recognizably sound like Jezebel content. Notice the Duggar and Kardashian references. Veterans Affairs. Presidens [si]. ----------------  POT [288]? [281]8/80/18 9 691:30am 4:30pm   Mare shories     *   On Broce Jenner?s t  ye shanger with Kec I'dle and part of the Duggar   distances of a big fine pootic agations of the century of their she   are hall to the expectnd of topunt and presidens   centing in the name made of people that is a woman about it is unfiver onder   to remors for the seceround let peons, the med on men wayse   stop being into to the Veterans Affairs   Administration still wart in the ban chischere of have the met is to launch an online in a ot the   predents that one of the secerour, and when you want the   necessary in the app more and betale to the Duggar of people   for the first of show-and of much diructress, ore   you feols more than [335]one-mixas canger   that she iniand like a dime and basicalled to make     when the Kardashian, she mading sexual mone of serverping for the     the singer the fall were wormed the secerouts to a full reen the seaker on the heroirs of collen invide
I really want to point this somewhere else. Even if it starts posting perfect Jezebel content, it will still be shit.
Have you considered training it on a word-by-word basis rather than a character-by-character basis?(How easily does that extend if the user adds new words to their dictionary?)
Get it to recognize product images of phones and use it to drive an automatic filter on 4chan that will hide any threads related to them.
Fuck /g/ gotta run. Wife is throwing a shitfit about something I fucked up. Let's do this tomorrow on a better corpus (good suggestions in here).
Why not throw it at Project Gutenberg? That's basically an archive of perfect english text, with no html in it, right?I crawled it late one night back in '11 trying to grab a bit of text for some machine learning of my own. 20 million words of prose, gzipped for your convenience: https://www.dropbox.com/s/957q20c449tg8xz/gutentext.tar.gz?dl=0Important note with this file: It still has lots of the boilerplate and ends with about 10000 lines of "you exceeded your limit, come back later", so you might want to clean that out.
fanthably that think make who has daughterinterdasting:)
Train it on this.
kek
Great thread thank you op
Range Extenders?Do these actually work and help to provide a stable connection?Modem (Technicolor TG582n) is the on the second floor and I am on the ground floor.In my room I get a 49 ping on LoL which fluctuates to 600+ every 10 seconds or so. If I move my laptop literally 6 meters outside my door, I get a stable 49 ping with no fluctuation. Yet if I am browsing /g/ or watching HD YouTube, I get no issues at all.Will a range extender help?
bamp
lose the trip and i'll consider answering.
No. I had one and it doesn't do shit. Get a better router, tripfag
they can help, but for a permanent setup i would install a second ap and connect it to the first by cable
Drill a hole In the floor/roof and run a cabel to your router
So, you're a presumably underage gamer / useless piece of shit. Nice to know.Doubt anyone with any intelligence will help you, unless to disprove me.
Yes, they can help.
/b/ and /v/ are overflowing early this year>/g/sqt/
I have this exact model OP. It works well for my purposes which would be watching YouTube on my phone while im taking a dump in the upstairs bathroom. With just my router signal I get 1 WiFi bar. With this thing its pegged. Probably doesn't help you much but,whatever. I don't wear a fedora like most of the guys here.
>With this thing its pegged.What does that mean exactly?
ask your mom for a gaming router>/v/
>earlynigga do you even browse this fucking board. this is about as good as it gets content wise.
You know, full bars, max signal etc.
Get a power wall Ethernet (or one that has WiFi built in) for full speed.
get powerline, or run ethernet cables, extenders are shite.
They are a shit. get a  proper access point connected with PLC.
Nigger,WTF are you talking about ? I have no problem with my shit setup. This hunk of junk costs like $30 bucks and allows me to drop a deuce and watch YouTube at the same time. If i want speed I'll use my fuckin PC with a wired connection.
Can't drill through the floor in the apartmentIt's either I go for powerline or range extender
Powering with WiFi built in.
No idea if this helps, but to run a cable to a second modem would require ~30m of ethernet cabling and a cable constantly in the way on the floor.
PLC= power line comunicationsNo need to drill. you can even get PLC's with built in WiFi, so you don't even have to set up a new router.
go with powerline, then it's fairly cheap i got a set of TP-link adaptors for £15 off amazon a while back and they are fantastic.
So something such as this?http://www.pbtech.co.nz/index.php?z=p&p=NETTPL0411&name=TP-LINK-TL-PA411-KIT-AV500-Mini-Powerline-Adapter->newzealandprices
yeah they'd be great and they should last a fair few years as well, so you'll get your monies worth.
>Do these actually work and help to provide a stable connection?Poorly, and sometimes, but usually not.>Will a range extender help?I doubt it, it might even be a problem with your existing router's WiFi.  Or your laptop.My advice?  Run an Ethernet cable if you can.Next thing?  Try moving the router around, see if you can get a better signal in your room.If you can't.  Start with Powerline Networking over a range extender.
Exactly this, but as i said some models include built in wifi capabilities.They die on me quite often, i have to change at least 2 a year.
My only hesitance with getting a powerline adapter over a Wifi range extender is that I have heard the powerline adapters only work if the two power sockets you plug them in to a directly connected across the houses power circuit.Is there any truth to this?
I got some, they handle 2 stories at my place well but they kinda die if something with high interference gets turned on around them, so some shitty Chinese 50w lights tend to kill them.Also, they work over 2 stories on my house, but that depends on your wiring. Might want a quick look at your breaker layout first.
Yes, this is true. I got these to solve the outlet shortage.http://www.amazon.es/gp/product/B00ADW9R22/ref=s9_simh_gw_p147_d0_i2?pf_rd_m=A1AT7YVPFBWXBL&pf_rd_s=center-2&pf_rd_r=0741KW6SPFJRE9EKXZJC&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=455357367&pf_rd_i=602357031
Not him, but I can't do that. There is a garage door at the only place where drilling fits.
I've only recently moved in to this apartment and I have no idea of the buildings circuitryI'm tempted to buy one and find out if it works or not as the general consensus appears to be Powerline > Range extender
Unless you have to completely independent power circuits it will work just fine.
nah that was only true for older ones, new ones don't matter, as mine are on separate circuits and work fine, even extension leads don't bother them.
No. They can cross circuits fine. They cannot go to a different phase. As you live in an apartment it is extremely unlikely any powerpoint in your house will be on a different phase.
Not sure what you mean exactly (yeah, I understand what you're talking about, but there's a lot of variation in that), but no, you don't need them to be on the same part of the circuit.  They'll perform better, but they can work through the main breaker box well enough.Will they, in your case?  How would I know? I'm not a New Zoolander electrician, I don't even know what plugs you use offhand, I'm not even sure you're on 220 though I would bet you are.I'd buy them from a local place to return.And at the worst, maybe you plug another AP into a room over your ground floor one, and that AP is plugged into a second floor circuit line.
Alrighty, cheerio chaps. I'm off to enjoy some fush n chups.Thanks for your help
Good luck.  And hey, before you do anything, try moving your current router/modem if you can.
Hey /g/ posted earlier about a project i was starting, Ran into a glitch of some sort, I am using the Wakaba 3.0.9 perl script as a base for the imageboard im creating, The problem is when you post it changes parts of the index.html back to what it was before i changed it to what i want. Does anyone know how i might be able to patch this?
install gentoo
What would that accomplish?
you must be new and haven't heard of the stall gentoo meme
I mainly roam around /b/ but this isnt something im going to bring over to that cess pool.
Dont fail me G
Can anybody help with this?
Friend built a PC and gave me his old one. I just want to run modern games without as much lag--most games (Skyrim, New Vegas, etc) run poorly beyond mid settings. Specs:Operating System            MS Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit SP1        CPU            Intel Core i7 920  @ 2.67GHz    46 °C            Bloomfield 45nm Technology        RAM            9.00 GB Triple-Channel DDR3 @ 534MHz (8-8-8-20)        Motherboard            ASUSTeK Computer INC. CG5290 (LGA1366)    33 °C        Graphics            ASUS VH238 (1920x1080@60Hz)            NVIDIA GeForce GT 630        Hard Drives            977GB Hitachi Hitachi HDT721010SLA360 ATA Device (SATA)    35 °C        Optical Drives            TSSTcorp DVD+-RW TS-H653B ATA Device        Audio            High Definition Audio DeviceWorth it to maybe upgrade the graphics card? What does /g/ recommend?
Just get a new GPU
Get a video card, spend maybe $200 on it. Like maybe a 280x
120/240gb SSD (intel, crucial, samsung, kingston hyperx fury or savage)2x4gb DDR3 1600mhz (g.skill, corsair, kingston, crucial, whatever's the cheapest)GTX 750Ti if the power supply's shit, R9 280 otherwise.Done.
PSU is Corsair CX600 600W ATX12V. Does that qualify as shit?
Nah that'll work, see if you can find a Sapphire Vapor-X 280/280X for a good price used, it's what i did and would absolutely do again.That's all you need to play games at 1080p@60fps. I'd recommend decent dual channel ram and an SSD combined with a fresh windows install heavily for general performance improvements, though.Don't forget to download the 15.4 beta drivers for GTA V if you play it.
Actually totally ignore my ram comment, i forgot the old 1366 shit was actually triple channel.
Thanks for your help. I don't think that one will fit my case though (mine is http://www.coolermaster.com/case/mid-tower/elite-430-black/). Got it
I managed to fit mine in a MicroATX case, you'll be fine.If in doubt, tin snips.
those are not upgrades, however good examples of how to waste money for minimal gain.literally all you need is a mid range gpu which you can find for $100-$200USDthis anon knows
For the SSD if by 'minimal gain' you mean 'greatly improved experience from reduced loading times and orders of magnitude quicker boot times' then sure.
I have a i7 930 and had a 7970 so that died and now running a 7770 till next year. for gaming the graphics card is the most important component.
>9.00 GB Triple-Channel> 4 +4 + 1
I recommend the R9 285, it's the most modern AMD card, actually. Pretty cheap and overclocks well. MSI makes good AMD cards, Sapphire makes the best ones, XFX occasionally has shoddy VRM coolers.If you want to go with jewvidia, 750ti or better.Then a SSD would breathe some life into it. :>
New GPU and some overclock to that CPU, don't spend more than 200$ and you will have a nice machine
or maybe it's 3+3+3, dipshit.
New GPUmaybe SSDI can run Skyrim and New Vegas on max without any hiccups. You should do fine since my motherboard doesn't support cpu turbo.
anyone written or designed a compiler?  Tell us your story.  Details.
Where the fuck do you think you are?99.9% of the people here havent even managed to get their helloworld to compile, how the fuck do you expect us to make a compiler.The closest you will get is some guy making a script that just renames all the filename extensions to .exe and calls it a day.
My friend is making a language. Thats as close as I have gotten to making one
forgot summer is herebtw, I can see your brain is damaged, but try to refrain from speaking for literally anybody else
Don't have to be mad just cuz im right
Oh please technology master, teach me your ways.Fuck off loser, you're probably dumber than anyone else here.
I wrote a macro system on top of brainfuck (with some of its own functionality) but that only transpiles to regular brainfuck.I wonder if anyone here has actually created a nice little language.
>implying i claimed i was smarter than anyoneYou're so butthurt i must've been right about something tho, why else would you bitch and moan like that.
He is almost right, samefag.
Yup, wrote one for Java in undergrad
bump
everybody to the limit!
I did most of my compiler writing in college.First was a basic-esque language that compiled to a little stack-based VM the teacher wrote.Second was a lisp (interpreter, not compiler) that had haskell features such as list comprehensions.Third was a C compiler (structs, arrays, ints, and all combinations like structs within structs containing arrays of structs etc.) plus functions, do/while, for, if/else, switch, etc. that compiled to x86 asm.I've been out of school for a while working professionally. Currently designing a language that will replace *my* usage of C++.
An assembler is closest I've made.
I haven't.  I will eventually, unless I die first.
Yup I have. I've done a C-like language in the past, but it was utter shit. I've also done 2 mini Lisp interpreters just for fun/learning. Right now I'm working on my first "real" language, which is based partially on ML but has some differences in the type system plus some other changes. I'm still basically stuck on type inference, although I do have about 3/4 of the front-end of the compiler done. Once I'm done with the type inference part I'm gonna do my first of 3 backends, which will be {My Language}->Rust, but I'm also going to do LLVM and x86 back-ends when I finish that.If you're new to making compilers here are some tips:- Use an ML: It doesn't matter if it is F#, OCaml, Standard ML of New Jersey, or whatever the fuck else exists. Even Haskell will do (although good like writing a pure compiler). Variants, pattern matching, tuples, etc. make writing a compiler a fucking breeze.- Translate to something you're familiar with. Don't try outputting x86 assembly if you've never used it before. Although some of the output will just be basic patterns you can reuse, be ready to have to use some higher-level features to hack some functionality in.- Use a lexer and parser generator (and not something that does both). For OCaml, I recommend Menhir/Ocamlyacc+Ocamllex. For F# there's an fslex and fsyacc I believe. If you haven't listened to my first piece of advice, use ANTLR for Java or Bison and Flex for C/C++/Objective-C. I wouldn't advise using PEG.js (only mentioning because I just saw someone using it earlier today) since it tries to combine both. Don't roll your own until you've used a generator.- Fuck optimization. If you're just trying to learn, don't bother with it at all. Wait until you know what you're doing to try your luck at it, and for this you /must/ know the ins and outs of what you're compiling to.
Wow I just typed like a retard.>although good like writing a pure compilers/like/luck/Oh, and also I might write my own VM for the language before I do LLVM and x86, since I am kind of scared of trying to write functional x86 until I've fucked with my own VM for a while.
>tfw joowz masterace
>*Joos
I'm currently writing an assembler for my virtual machine.It's challenging.
>wrote compiler>forgot to write runtime>no motivation left
Have you posted snippets of it before? Sounds familiar.
Everyone who has completed a CS degree has done this
i'm planning to follow "modern compiler implementation in c" using rust. maybe this summer, if procrastination doesn't won like always.is rust a decent language to write compilers or i should pick something else? i don't know an ml language, but i know c pretty well.
A compiler that made CHIP-8 executables. I made my own micro-language for that. It was fun, but it has no uses at all...I made a half assed scripting language and its interpreter which dealt with sockets to do quick stuff like transfering data from one computer to another. I planned to implement a clipboard sharing system, but could never get it to work, windows API is a lot shittier than expected
I made a little language for numerical computations once, but that was interpreted. Making a compiler isn't that hard if you don't optimize. What you can do, is using the stack to evaluate things (as opposed to registers). This wil execute slow but compile fast (since there's no optimization). For more details and ideas, read 'lets make a compiler'.
Also, I think most modern optimizing compilers use llvm as a backend to do the optimization.
Tons of optimizing compilers don't use LLVM.
>is rust a decent language to write compilers or i should pick something else?Ask the rust guys. I'm serious. The rust compiler is written in rust so they should know how good it is for a compiler.Either irc, reddit or their own forum at users.rust-lang.org. There'll be more of the people you're interested in at internals.rust-lang.org but your question would be spam there.
Jesus said "I will rebuild this temple in three days." I could make a compiler in 3 days. Linus has not finished his compiler yet and suffers humilation from Stallman.
Wrote an assembler for the nand2tetris course. Ugly as fuck .cpp code and extremely basic but got the job done.
Thanks Terry.
Started to design a crypto-engine with meta-morphing capabilities - noticed in the end i was desinging a compiler-compiler...
A what now?A (regular) compiler can compile its own source code just fine.
What's the best intermediary code?
>uni class on compilers>everybody is supposed to write a compiler during the semester>they give us the language specs>its a pascal style language that's barely turing complete>functions must return something and accept something>arrays are passed by value not reference>assembly instructions are for a processor that doesn't even exist>the compiler must be written in java>the virtual machine must be written in java
C
I've been doing programming for a little while now but I've never actually done anything like this, any recommended books on the matter I could read purely to produce a working prototype and say I've done it?Don't like the idea it's apparently standard issue and I haven't done it before, never took comp sci.
The book recommended for our class is Modern Compiler Implementation in Java.But nobody actually reads it since you can learn everything during the lectures so i don't know.The basic principle is you divide the compiler into different phases, and write each phase separately.The first phase would be a lexer that takes the source code and splits it into tokens (keywords, constants, ...) defined by the language you're compiling.Next phase takes these tokens and does syntax analysis on it to build a tree.You write and connect each phase until you've got a working compiler.
He meant that he's making a cryptographic engine (a program that implements a cryto function like SHA1, AES, or others) with metamorphing (constantly changing the key with which the data is encrypted to make it more secure).I have no idea how that could turn out as a compiler tho
Android M is getting announced in 2 days, yet we know absolutely nothing about it.Don't you guys find it a little bit weird that there have been zero leaks so far?Is Google even trying anymore to hype up Android?
http://www.androidpolice.com/2015/05/25/rumor-google-taking-renewed-focus-on-battery-and-ram-in-android-m-dev-preview-expected-again-this-year/
Do I understand correctly that Lollipop is entirely skippable and no one should even bother fucking around with it now or what?
Android Mango? Android M&Ms?
>not Marshmallow
andrewid magoo 6.1
Maybe Android Marble?
>lollipop? Naaw what an ominous name. This is totally new you guys this totally isn't lollipop 5.2. pls upgrade
marble is not a snack
Android Macadamia Nut Cookie.Is official.
>Android Manchildren
meme
Is gub b mashmalo fgts
Android Meme10/10
Why is lollipop so shit? 4.4.4 masterrace
I'm willing to bet 100 dollars it will be one of the following threeAndroid MalteserAndroid MarsAndroid Marshmellow
It is if you're brave enough.
b-but I'm stuck on the K yet
Everyone who fell for Lollipop was just a betatester and did it all for free.
Android Muh stock rom
>mfw I didn't notice that Android version were alphabetically ordered
betting on marshmellowThey already did a major release in partnership with a major candy brand, they won't do it again.
mars bar™
>Android Key Lime Pie>It's official, guiseStop being retarded.
>tfw its muffin>not 
KLP was official until they decided to go full jews with KK
Android Melon
It's Buy a 4chan pass.lol'dThis. Don't know how I lasted a whole month on that godawful thing.
Marlboro Cigarettes because its for fags
Andrewd Mcfaggot
I personally hated it enough to do a factory reset to get rid of it
11/10
Melon is not a confection, it's a fruit.
Android Marshmallow is the only logical answer
It was never official, you idiot. It was just an internal "nickname" until they could settle the actual name. Exactly the same that is happening now with the "macademia nut cookie" reports. They are not going to actually call the released Android version that, dimwit.
Who cares? It'll be a 'tock' release that fixes enough Lollipop sins to mollify the shill-o-sphere....assuming you're on Lollipop, and you're also on the correct Lollipop point release version, because ha ha ha ha ha ha
/thread
faggot
Android MountainDew™
>'Android M turns on when you hold the POWER button. It also rearranges the Settings menu a little, and it doesn't set on fire when you leave it in daylight. 9/10 would daily driver, LIKE COMMENT SUBSCRIBE'
Don't forgot Lemon Meringue Pie. It's just the internal name because there letters are easier to distinguish than one.
Am I the only one that doesn't find any problems with L ? At least not more than K
Agreed. If I could find a way to roll back I would.
yes
does this fad still exist?
Android Muhammad
>#brony4lyfe
android mentos. it's official.
android MARS
for real? what a shitty name, it should be marshmallow
Android is inherently JewishAndroid Mazel tov
M&M's
I'm betting on Android Mishna
marble cake motherfucker
Over 4.4, 5.0 is a downgrade, 5.1.x is an upgrade, but a very minor one.On my older 1gb RAM device, CM 10.2 (4.2) > CM12.1 (5.1.1) > CM11 (4.4.4) > CM12 (5.0).It's kind of depressing that all these new releases for android that are focused on performance improvements seem to come along with many performance regressions each release.It seems like the memory demands on Android is dropping each release, but overall the device is slower.
What happens to Android after the letter Z?
Bndroid
They invent new letters
They'll release a fork or complete rework calld Cyborg
they move on to unicode characters
They could call it Alpha, beta... Android
Alpha and Beta were before Cupcake
Then they could switch to cyrillic or something related.
Android motherfucker
it will probably fuck things up even more than lolipop did
What's more fucked up than hardbricked devices?Lollipop is light on the outside, but dark on the insise.
I dont care about that, what pisses me off is that google is trying to copy apple so much(and failing) its fucking pathetic, android was supposed to be linux device, yet with every release more and more shit gets restricted, and the fucking icons, whats the fucking point of having 4k scren on my phone and have one/two color/flat icons? its so fucking disgusting!
exploding devices
Android M stands for Mangina
Android Meego
The point is that is easier to make flat icons and because /g/ and old people are the only portion of the population who still prefers gradients.
>Don't you guys find it a little bit weird that there have been zero leaks so far?Not really. This isn't the first time.
this is the limitation one gets from android or even ios for that matter. I really strongly am attracted to move to windows platform as there is much more to seek from it from the future
What the hell are you on about.
Marshmallow is the only correct answer.
it should be marshmallow but you never know with google
>He thinks a factory reset will downgrade from an OTA update.Nope.
Android Mashed Potato
>he thinks flashing a custom ROM does not result in a factory reset
>factory reset to get rid of itXD
>tfw announcement for M coming soon and I still haven't gotten stock Lollipop on my Z3.HURRY THE FUCK UP T-MOBILE
>Implying it isn't Sony.
Android masterbait
niggawatdidn't lollipop get out like yesterday?Has EA bought google?
Been over 6 months.
>http://www.androidpolice.com/2015/05/25/rumor-google-taking-renewed-focus-on-battery-and-ram-in-android-m-dev-preview-expected-again-this-year/compared to all the other shit we sit up all night to get early access to alpha tests.
Android Matzos
>new Android versiondoes Google even care
i just got it on my S4...
its been out for the Z3 globally for a few months now.http://phandroid.com/2015/05/18/tmobile-sony-xperia-z3-z1s-android-50-lollipop-update/
what is android h???????
honeycomb
FUCK
why does no one have it?
why is apple so based tbh
because deprecated? and most probably upgraded their phones or got an update to Ice Cream Sandwich.
Google dissolves completely as a company and life as we know it ceases
just seems weird considering the other lower versions that are still in use. would have thought a small % of people wouldn't bother updating
It was only for tablets, all of which either got updated or aren't used anymore
i guess some people still have it, but it's below 1% which is why it doesn't get shown in the statistics. but honeycomb is deprecated as fuck, it's even closed-source because they really don't want anyone to use it. it was only for tablets and i don't think it ever got really popular in the first place
>it's below 1%below 0.1% even
>we will never get Android Milksteak
Just like Key Lime Pie and Lemon Meringue Pie were, right?
Is it just going to be 5.2 or 6.0 or what?
Chuckled/10
they'll probably jump right to 6.0 since 5.x was a huge failure.
Ever wonder if your expectations are just getting higher?
it's true that newer android versions need a lot of RAM, i can imagine that it would be hell to use android with anything less than 2 GB RAM and a 2+ GHz multi-core CPU
Christ anon, that looks delicious.
Android Mythbusta
>factory reset to get rid of itAlmost had me
So he's expectations are high because he stays on old software? Should he just bite the pillow and experience horrid battery drain and memory leaks because having standards is for faggots?
>le using a trip so my fliends will know its meyou should fuck off and I'm not even him
>, it's even closed-sourcnot any more
That looks absolutely fucking disgusting
I thought this release was supposed to be specific for businesses or whatever?
No I'm more referring to him expecting his older generation device to run very well for an os that wasnt optimized for it
>Android Middle Age
AKA the best and most stable version of Android yet
We'll know in 14 years and I'll be here to discuss it with you.
source? can't find it on grepcode. i don't use git, is it on android's official git thing?
What happens after android 26?
Google's OS for augmented reality devices will most probably have different name.
android mandingo
>can't find it on random ass code website>why the fuck would I search the biggest code repository on the internet?
Can't wait for the next one>Android Nigger
"I'm gonna want the milksteak boiled over hard and a side of your finest jelly beans."
What's wrong with plain old 'minge'?
>grepcode>random ass code websiteok kid>unironically using git
It's a marketing gimmick.They'll through around buzzwords like "Project butter" and "Project volta" which don't actually mean shit.
>Android is M getting announced>still stuck on 4.4thanks samshit
you're not missing anything
Marzipan

AlphaBetaCupcakeDonutEclairFroyoGingerbreadHoneycombIce cream sandwhichJelly beanKitkatLollipopM?
I haven't even figured out how to upgrade to Lollipop from my KitKat device yet. Meanwhile,  most people running iOS have the latest version.
>AlphaAstro Boy>BetaBender
>Don't you guys find it a little bit weird that there have been zero leaks so far?No. No one gives a fuck about Android.>Is Google even trying anymore to hype up Android?lol NO. Android's Google white albatross. They're spending all this money on it and it is bringing so few shekels in. Worst of all, Google's best customers (i.e. people with money) are on iOS so Android has fucked up their relationship with Apple as well. And most of the "Android" devices don't even run Android but run AOSP which means Google's not getting anything from it.And new version of Android means that there will be even more fragmentation in Android ecosystem since no one updates their devices since no one gives a fuck about their customers.
see 
All in all though it doesn't even matter. It's really fucking easy to develop for older versions of Android anyways.
anyone else have their hopes set on the m standing for milkshake
What one gives a fuck about then if not about the biggest mobile OS?
>Android Menopause
Because they sabotage their own hardware with firmware updates to force their users to upgrade.It's pathetic.
>What one gives a fuck about then if not about the biggest mobile OS?who gives a fuck africa, china and india? android's for poor people, iOS for white people. look at any rich country and iOS dominates it.
>look at any rich country and iOS dominates it[Citation needed]
HAHAHAHAH... google's delivering a NEW version of Androshit while only 9% use their latest version.Why do they even bother? when Apple releases new version, 90% of devices will use it within 2 weeks of release.>iOS 9 will be optimized for older devices, including iPhone 4Shttp://arstechnica.com/apple/2015/05/report-ios-9-will-be-optimized-for-older-devices-including-iphone-4s/
look it up, retard. tons of maps available.
Its amazing what forcing your customers to buy the latest iDildo does.
Your analogy doesn't work at all. Android dominates all the key markets in Europe with Germany, UK and France obviously included.
Posts like this make me feel sick.
https://www.mapbox.com/labs/twitter-gnip/brands/#3/26.59/-33.22
>Twitter usage>I can't into statistics
My bet is on either Android Marshmellow or Marzipan
Getting apple's dick out of your throats might help you see clearerwww.ibtimes.com/android-vs-ios-whats-most-popular-mobile-operating-system-your-country-1464892
Android MOM GET THE CAMERA™or justAndroid MLG™
It's not about getting money, it's about marketshareThe only purpose of most google things is to datamine the shit out of humanityEven if they run AOSP, they're still running the Play Store and else bullshit
M stands forAndroid Menopause
>Posts like this make me feel sick.you're jus tbutthurt because Apple cares about their customers while your phone's manufacturer doesn't. Android phones are abandonware as soon as you buy them because OEM’s don’t give a fuck about them after they separate you from your shekels. Enjoy being a gigantic sucker.
yes ios updates get trough fast but thats because Apple is directly sending updates to every iPhone. Android is where it is because google cant just update your device ota (unless you have nexus which get updates asap). google provides new build to manufactures for them to tailor to specific hardware which there are tons of and fuck up with custom homescreens and bloat... and then its up to manufacturer to decide if hes gonna update your device or fuck you over.tl;drif google waited for higher % for latest release there would be update every 6 years
The difference is that Apple is separating you from a fucking thousand shekels for a retarded iPhone when for 300 you can get a faster performing pocket computer.Look up Apple's profit margins and then tell me you're not a gigantic sucker.
>Apple cares about their customersthey just feel bad about raping your wallet while you don't even protest because you're too dumb to realise what's happening.
I literally just got L on my S4 maybe 2 months agoI really need a Nexus or something more directly supported because Samsung's version is dogshit and late as fuck
>all these people wanting to get rid of 5.0Please no. As an android developer, 5.0 did some good stuff at least in terms of networking. I can't develop using the new shit unless people exist that can actually download it.
it will be android mashimaro.there is no better time to be an android using techloli/g/y with lolipop and mashimaro.
>Implying Google would exist that long.
android m'lady
Android MUH
The worst part about Android is that nothing is standardized.So many apps are still stuck in their Holo phase, with no peeps from the devs. Even Google themselves and many popular apps STILL haven't switched to Material design yet (Facebook, Twitter, fucking Chrome). It's infuriating. Why design entire a new visual style rules when nobody is going to fucking use it?At least with Apple your shit is looked over before publishing.
Mandingo
Sucker? My android does 99% of what your iPhone does at 20% of the cost.
What's funny is that a Android phone on fucking ICS can still accomplish more than an iPhone 6
http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/australian-technology/full-android-source-code-released/http://www.eweek.com/c/a/Linux-and-Open-Source/Ice-Cream-Sandwich-Open-Sourced-by-Google-651677Two first sources I found on googleit was released at the same time as icecream sandwich
oh well, still less than 0.1% of the userbase, and i still have a fallback. not worth learning git and typing in a bunch of terminal commands just to check the source on 3.*i wonder why it's not on grepcode though, the have ICS and everything else
Not only that, in many cases it actually does offer improved battery life and other good stuff.People like making mountains out of molehills.>Lollipop has memory leaks and I don't like the design! IT'S LITERALLY WORSE THAN HITLERKitkat had problems too, and so did Jellybean. I wish people would bitch about real problems, like Google breaking core system functionality out into the closed-source Google Play Services.
flat UI design is fucking cancer though
Yes. This is what Icons should look like
We have 2k screens as the standard for flagships and have 4k on the way. Why the fuck not?
Because skeuomorphism in computer interfaces is gaudy as fuck.There's a pleasant medium between flat minimalist iconography and photorealistic skeuomorphism, but it actually takes talent to pull off, which is why it's not popular. The two extremes are easy, and which one is in vogue is just a matter of public opinion.
finally someone fucking gets itso many people bitch about Apple ditching skeuomorphism, yet it was the fugliest shit ever.icons are what ICONS should be. they need to represent what the program is without going in too much detail. sure, some detail is good, but photorealism is the absolute WORST thing that can be in an app icon.
>which one is in vogue is just a matter of public opinionjust a hunch but i don't think flat UI design is overwhelmingly popular, it's just execs wanting to imitate post-jobs apple and save money on designers
i'm not asking for photorealism, just something that doesn't look like it was made in mspaint. some shapes, edges, gradients. the human eye likes to see shapes and edges
>apple invented flat design>iOS 7 in 2013>7 years after Zune>3 years after WP7
Those execs want to copy Apple because Apple is a driver of public opinion. Flat minimalism was used in a lot of things before iOS7, but Apple made it popular. Plebs will parrot whatever Apple does as the height of design because they don't know enough to form their own opinions.Apple is frequently very good at design, but that doesn't mean they're infallible or that their best work is in any way indicative of the rest of their work. Frankly the iPhone 6 is a fucking mess, the device itself is as ugly as the original iPhone while being more awkward to hold.
>inb4 maple syrup
>implying anyone would ever want to copy zune or WP7
Actually, my RAZR Maxx never have been so fast, even in stock. CyanogenMod 12.1 is a miracle if you ask me.
This is Android Masturbation.The main feature is wormholes.You will can slide our dick inside the screen and share them with your friend.
2 suggestions for Google that would be huge:1. Make root a mandatory option for users on all carriers and oems 2. Make minimum optimization requirements for games in the play store
how about...make mandatory stock android support for all phones.  Carriers and Manufacturers would still be free to customize how they like, as long as it was possible to get stock working either OOTB or with official and approved methods
Anything Google can do to grab this oem and carrier bloatware bullshit by the balls
I want to root my tablet but I'm hesitant to install CM12 on it because I don't really know what I'm asking for with Android 5. I'm not sure I like it that much having played with it on my dad's Nexus 7 2012.
Milanga
oh fuck youre intelligent
Depends on the device, Samsung devices run way better since Samsung debloated TouchWiz. My S4 ran better than my Nexus 9 when both had 5.0.
Android Mmmmmaybe some non-Nexus phones right now will get the update a year after the version's initial release.
Android Material Design?
Android McNugget MealThe easter egg will be the system getting slow and bloated and the dpi decreasing
>Android My Big Black Sausage >Comes with a new faggot sensor that detects when you literally cannot stop sucking dicks and gags you with the new convenient Gorilla Glass Dildo™ peripheral (comes with all new devices after the Nexus b8)
>yfw when Android goes through the entire alphabet for their operating systems in your lifetime>yfw Google makes you crave sweets
Android Macaron
Newfags, it's Android Meringue. Sauce; android dev
We do know that it will be focused on improved RAM and battery efficiency
>Meringueso it's full of holes and breaks easily
maggots
Android Muffin
Android MILF
IT'S OVER ANDROID LOLI IS TERMINATED
Flat icons are awesome you fucking piece of shit
Just got off from support:Step 1: BLOCK THE SENDER(S). I don't care if their your friends, block them so they don't make it worse!Step 2: Click on your Photos app.Step 3: Send any picture to the person that sent you the malicious message last. This can be done by:Tap a pictureTap the square at the bottom left of the screenTap the Message buttonEnter in the contact name of the last sender4: You should be able to access the message app. Once you do that DELETE ALL TEXT THREADS CONTAINING THE MESSAGES. ALL OF THEM5: Boom! All fixed.Nothing you can do really to prevent other people from crashing your device while it's locked though, that part is up to Apple for creating an update to solve it!Hope it is fixed!
Hope you kill yourself!
yes, this was mentioned in just about every thread pertaining to the issue and can easily be figured out by one (1) google search. but thanks
I hear putting your phone in the microwave blocks the texts from coming in
بُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ
just trying to help, assholes.
>helping gee>implying it wasn't gee to spread the glitch rumor in the first place.Sent from Android.
>copy the text>mass SMS it to every fucking scumbucket on craigslist dumping iPhones>laugh
There's a reason why nobody likes green bubbles
>have to already encounter the crash>have to block a sender>have to send them a MMS just to avoid the msg app from parsing multibyte characters>doesn't even stop the issue from occurring againYep, definitely fixed.
Some telegram desktop apps have the same, like the OSX version....
My friend just formatted his phone and it now werks.Thanks for your welp.
Superiority breeds jealousy.
putting your phone in a microwave will block radio waves from getting to it. meaning you will get 0 bars. if you power on the microwave for even a second however, you will destroy the device. enabling airplane mode is much easier and safer to do.
I can confirm this works.
allahu akbar
>MALICIOUS TEXT
Because even their shoddy Linux-based solution is more secure and tested than the oh-so-prestigious Premium Design™ of Sir Jony Ive?
>Apple cant into text sanitization
Tfw some guy send me thatTfw I have a galaxy S5
Implying Jony Ive had anything to do with Messages
MY FUCKING SIDE
Hows that malicious? It's just some allahu akbar text.
So its "سمَـَّوُوُحخ ̷̴̐خ ̷̴̐خ ̷̴̐خ امارتيخ ̷̴̐خ" mobile edition.
Hello /g/I have a project in my mind, but I'm completely stupid in relation to servers.I would like to host this website that would need something around the order of 50TB of storage. It would need a reasonable amount of bandwidth, as a regular part of this data would be in transit.Do you have any estimations of how much that would cost?Also, this project has a big need of some very intensive computations, that would be impossible to do in a centralized server. I would have to send them to users. Do you have any idea on how that could work? How that science projects do that distributed computation?
Bumping, I think people here have experience with that.
Shut up Satoshi Nakamoto.
It is flattering to be compared to somebody like that. But no, it's not about that.Is your trolling a suggestion to lookup blockchain technologies? I don't think they will help me very much.
What is the best monitor for a dual-monitor setup?  This one looks good to me: http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16824236313&ignorebbr=1&cm_re=PPSSHGGRXVLVAN-_-24-236-313-_-ProductWhat do you guys think?
any two monitors so the colors n shit look the same. Or the ones with the smallest bezel if you got ocd for that sort of thing. the monitor you linked is pretty good although dual 144hz seems a  bit excessive if you're gaming on only one but w/e
Dell U2414H or U2515H
Is that a TN panel?
Yeah.
OP here. What would the benefit be of getting one of those especially wide (21:9) monitors, perhaps a curved one, instead of a dual-monitor setup? I have a dual-monitor setup now, but it's two different monitors. I like it because I can have a video or game on one monitor and be browsing on the other monitor. Will a 21:9 monitor provide the same experience?
why would you do thatinb4 gaymen you faggot you dont need a 1ms response unless you're some kind of professional MLG twitch FPS faggot

any advice or glaring errors
replace the 970 with a 290 or 290x16GB ram is overkill, don't buy it unless you know you need it.also that keyboard is kind of dumb but if you are into that kind of stuff then w/e
i think you have too much money.
Get cheaper ram, unless you actually need it.The rest is alright. Don't listen to AMD shills. Being a cuck is totally fine.
Looks good M9.  Only thing I'd change is the PSU - get something with Gold cert -http://www.amazon.co.uk/EVGA-SuperNOVA-750W-Power-Supply/dp/B00J01K3E8It's got sick reviews - http://www.jonnyguru.com/modules.php?name=NDReviews&op=Story6&reid=380
Looks good to me, OP
That's a great build for 1080p. Not very future proof with the 3.5 but you can upgrade down the line.And that keyboard is very good.
Nonsense. There's no need to overdo it with the PSU.
a 750w gold for that build is just blowing money, a good bronze is perfectly fine
Top kek. This isn't overdoing it in the slightest given that its only a fiver more than OP's current choice and is an all round better unit.  The best thing I ever did in terms of upgrades was a PSU upgrade - better stability on OCs and much quieter operation compared to my old Corsair CX.
do i really not need the extra 8gb ram then? and dumb because of the tenkeyless? i never really use numpad anyway, i like the more compact lookif only, this will be assembled a bit down the linei suppose if its only a fiver more and i'm spending that much then what the heckany recommendations for mouse/headset?
Places like Scan tack on shipping which isn't included in this, if you're bothered.Only glaring issue is the "gaming" motherboard.
>perfectly functional motherboard>advises others not to buy it, just because it says "gaming"
ITT: purchases you don't regret
Blackberry classic
Moto /g/ 1st gen.
WASD code Got it for 50 bucks with a gift card. Feels good man
>implying you don't regret the lags and eye cancer bright panel.
my digital piano
>implying your taste = everyone's taste./g/ will never comprehend this.
Same here. I'm probably going to upgrade to 3rd Gen when it comes out.
rMBP 13-inch
>denon avr 1602 receiverWorks flawlessly everyday for 14 years.
i5-2500k
sony xperia z2. its a goddamn beast for being that cheap
Blackberry8820, bought in 2007. the paint is wearing off now but still gets the job done, holds the charge for a week, virtually indestructible and for trying virtual on-screen keyboards, I just can't. Ordered a Q10 recently, just because I can make it, and well, browse more heavy websites filled with JS and Flash, but this one already does everything i need. Also, the camera that shot this: Sony A55 plus a 28-135, but i just regret the translucent mirror that gathers dust sometimes. a pain to get this thing cleaned.
>Note 4
Well my moto /g/ untill lollipop.
Trackball Berries are the shit. My 8900 is still alive, but I don't really use it anymore.
>criticizing someone else for using a different phone>posts the strawmanest comic criticizing people for criticizing people for using different phones while criticizing people for using different phonesThis is some meta shit right here.
>Not upgrading to glorious E-Mount master race
>butthurt
I went to the Note 4 seminar back in September 2014. From that day i knew I would buy one. Got mine in late feb/ early march. I absolutely love it. Took a couple of weeks to get used to the size (i had an s3). but it's great. I work in an electronics store and it comes in handy.
this, i got m2 and bro has z2no regrets
I'm about to pick Yandex as my email providerConvince me not to
Any email provider is good with PGP encryption.Yandex will profile unencrypted mails and they will be accessible by Russian authorities.It's your choice really.
commies won't respect your privacyjust look at what the commies in the US have done with the NSA
>install gentoo>install postfix>install Claws Mail>Use PGPDo your homework fagget!
> Russia> Comunistkek
> he believes it's notayyyyyy
No need for it. Use something like Openmailbox and call it a day.
Doesn't matter, unless all of your friends use yandex. If you're sending emails to/from US, NSA will read it anyway.
They're nazis, not communists.
Use any email you want with PGP. Trusting email providers to not read your mail is like trusting Indian men to not rape a white woman walking in Dehli.
>nazi>communistsThese are the same things
Well, if they are stored in their servers, they can read it. It has to be uncrypted somewhere, and if you are using the web interface, it's probably on their computers.
Summer edition.Old thread:What are you working on, /g/?
Rewriting the Winter Kernel in December.
SURE IS DECEMBER IN HERE
I wish the OOP of other languages was like Go's OOP.Type forwarding, no inheritance and implicit interfaces are such a damn sweet way to do OOP.
How do I learn C++? What would be the point in learning C++? What can I do with C++?
Thanks for not using an anime picture
>How do I learn C++?By coding C++> What would be the point in learning C++?So you can code in C++?>What can I do with C++?Write code
>What are you working onAn extension to the Exodus app to support mod.php login and board volunteer post deletion.Finally starting to understand a little behind the madness that is the Clover/Exodus codebase.
Backend servers, desktop applications, video games, anything.
What's type forwarding?>no inheritanceLOL! because less languages features is a good thing : DDD.inheritance is grossly overused and misused, but it's still useful in the right situations.
How much logic do you think someone writing the most fucking basic thing you can involving inheritance would have in their classes?Yes, BugAbstract and MammalAbstract would probably both extend an AnimalAbstract if they were actually real classes in a real world setting used for a real project. In an hypothetical example to educate someone about why sometimes interfaces and abstract classes might seem frivolous (and be unneeded) that would probably be retarded.
See
Dealing with endless iOS devs who file reports on my socket.io-client for Swift. Most complain about "but the socket loses connection when the app into the background." Welcome to iOS.
>How do I learn C++Read bookshttp://mazonka.com/shared/Straustrup4th.pdf>What would be the point in learning C++?To develop performance-critical applications such as games, language interpreters, virtual machines, web browsers, OS drivers, and more.>What can I do with C++?See previous answer.
>Type forwarding is inheritance done right.No, i mean, what is it? Like, gimme an example. "inheritence done right" is too vague to be useful.>Sometimes less language features are better, for the sake of simplicityTrue, but inheritence is more than useful enough to deserve a place in a langugae. Unless this type forwarding thing basically does the same thing. PHP, Perl and C++ aren;t shitty because they are complex. Well, they are partly.. but mostly because they are horribly designed. All the language features are pilled into each language in a thoughtless way that makes real code difficult to read.
https://github.com/nuclearace/Socket.IO-Client-SwiftThis?
lol, iOS devs..
Excuse me, I confused type "forwarding" with type "embedding".https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html#embeddinghttps://golang.org/doc/faq#inheritancehttp://stackoverflow.com/questions/1727250/embedding-instead-of-inheritance-in-gohttp://www.goinggo.net/2014/05/methods-interfaces-and-embedded-types.html
Yes, but on this https://github.com/socketio/socket.io-client-swift.Since I somehow managed to become a core member of socket.io
what does this even mean?
Previous thread.
>Yeah, I don't think optional support is something I want to try and support. It'll just add a bunch of bloat. Because Swift isn't a dynamic language, you'd have to do a bunch of type checking.Please, anon. You iOS devs are so masochistic. Apple gives you a language with a tolerable type system and you just say lolbloat.
I have been informed that my features are going to break in about 5-6 months with the creation of a new system for moderation. Depending on whether or not I have time to fix all of this crap, this may very well be someone else's problem when that time comes!
I don't even remember what that was in reference to. Was that optionals inside of collections?iirc it was because once you have an optional inside a collection, it loses the bridge to Objective-C. Which would have caused some problems. But I think I might revisit optionals.
>What can I do with C++?a lot of things>What should I do with C++?not much reallypick something sane if you're starting out, for your own good. probably java or python
This is pretty cool, hope it turns out
// importing Foundation bridges numerous Swift types to Objective-C typesimport Foundation[AnyObject]() is AnyObject // true because of a bridge to NSArray[AnyObject?]() is AnyObject // false because of optionals[AnyObject?]() is [AnyObject?] // true
how advanced is dynamic programming? cs 101?
Compile them both and investigate the resulting ASM.
So I have an object Item, and an object order inheriting from it. I want the order object to have a constructor, that takes an string as an argument, from which it parses the parameters for initializing. The item object already has such a constructor, but obviously only for parameters of the item object.How do I design the constructor for order to initialize the inherited parameters from the parsed string? C++.
So I'm rewriting an old C project that was a mini library in C++ to learn by usage, and I'm wondering if structural etiquette of C++ differs:Do I have a class definition in the .hpp file, and the member function definitions in the corresponding .cpp?
>dynamic programming is a method for solving a complex problem by breaking it down into a collection of simpler subproblems.seems like a buzzword name for an obvious concept
It is, some tutorial somewhere one time was trying to tell me that iterating over an array was dynamic programming.
reading this
Typically thats how you do it unless the classes or functions are templated, then everything needs to be in the header file.Im writing a radial menu in  C++ for use in a game engine. Fair bit of trig involved.
Congratulations, you have a strong opinion based one some shitty blogpost that was incorrect.
It wasn't a blog post, it was a pretty popular programming challenges site.
nth for APL.
reading k&r right now (in the structs chapter)is that book any good?
If it's just a radial menu in the centre of the screen, you shouldn't need any trig for that.If it's floating in 3-d space or something fancy like that, then perhaps you do.
Is this still the case if enclosing everything in a namespace? Do I have another 'namespace myns {' in the .cpp files?
Can't speak for that book, but K.H. King's Modern C book is pretty good to follow up K&R
I haven't read either but I can guarantee you reading an outdated book on a timeless language is not a good idea, unless you plan on traveling back in time to program. Did you know 'int main() {' is a bad practice?
There's a little bit of polar to cartesian conversion in setting up each menu button's text box, as it has to match the slice in the circle menu.
Does anyone know some good programming challenge sites? Project Euler was nice, but googling for them just yields "I want more Project Euler but with less math"Fucking normies, I want more math!
Did you finish Project Euler?
Yes. Namespaces are your friend. Use them. Use them a lot. And  using namespace mycn  works inside functions, so you don't need to declare it in global scope if you don't need to.
get "understanding and using C pointers" it's much betterIs your web framework of your choice total shit? see https://www.techempower.com/benchmarks
No, not even close, I just finished the problems that were relevant to my fields of interest. Quite a lot of the later problems are more about optimization rather than pure mathematics. That is, a number problems tend to be contrived in such a way that they'll be extremely slow to compute rather than be mathematically complex.
Thank you for your kind help anon, just wasn't sure if I could write for a namespace in multiple places.C++ is so awesome.
I've worked with it a lot lately both in and out of classes. Still my favorite language.
Ah I see, I only did the first several a while ago. Hope you find your math problems, anon
>a pretty popular programming challenges siteyou overestimate the importance of whatever site it was
C hasn't shown it's age to me so far.Like you said, it's timelessEverything compiles perfectly from the book with no warnings from gcc.I also write my functions as suchint main(){}Why is the example you've shown bad practice?Is it just a preference thing?
At least Wikipedia is "good enough" in the meantime. Thanks anyway.
Alright I can't seem to make it work, how do I use the constructor of the child class to initialize protected parameters of the parent class? It gives me an access violation right now.
int main() in C is a function that takes an unspecified number of arguments. Most people expect a function that takes no arguments, which is actually int main(void)
Don't believe the hype that newline before bracket matters. Either way works, it's just a formatting issue that people bicker over. Focus on things that matter, like structs with or without typedefs.
The empty parameter list for main is bad practice, not the style of where you put the brackets.Rosalind.info
And why can't I use get functions from the base class? I hate inheritance.
so I'm basically quoting stack overflow here but if you have a two classes like so, class Parent {public: Parent(); void doParentThing();}class Child : public Parent {public: Child();void doChildThing();}The following implementation of the child constructor & child function is valid.Child::Child() : Parent() {//do something here.}void Child::doChildThing(){ //do something child specific, then call parentParent::doParentThing();}
Hey /g/, are you badass enough to put all your code in one file?http://www.asd.gr/~navis/part_start_lines.cppIt contributed to this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQngoCBvq3Q
Ok that actually makes sense, now how do I initialize parameters like I need to? Using the default constructor for the parent class doesn't work.
or it was Lifeforce. But I don't remember Lifeforce having fish in it.
You mean in the parent?Child::Child(): Parent(params){}
so the colon shorthand is bascially how you can initialize member variables or call parent classes without needing to put them in the body of the function. Infact it's the best practice to initalize parent classes with this form. For something like you'd describe it'd be as simple asParent::Parent(string s) : mSomeString(s){}...Child::Child() : Parent("someStringParameter") {}
I need to modify the parameters, can I do that in the child constructor like that, and they will be used after being modified for initialization?LikeChild::Child(string line): Parent(int number){line_number = parseLine(line);number = line_number;}Something like that.
I'm not at a IDE so I can't confirm this to be accurate but you might be able to do it like this... Child::Child(string line){ int number = parseLine(line); Parent::Parent(number);}
I would have a string like "8    10,000    173.78 ISK    Gaha IV - Moon 5 - Republic Security Services Assembly Plant    86d 13h 12m 55s"Some parts of it are for the parent parameters, some for the child parameters, and it depends on whether I initialize the parent directly, or the child, what parts of the stirng I need and for what.Tried that, linker error.
K&R is oudated. You should read C Programming: A Modern Approach>Everything compiles perfectly from the book with no warnings from gcc.Unless you have gcc >= 5, the default standard it compiles with is ANSI / C89 (technically it's gnu89). By the way, always add -Wall
Until you use the visual studio compiler.
What was the correct version again?I keep typedefing my structs normally, only hiding pointers is a no-go.
>always add -Wall-Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic is a pretty good setup, methinks.-Werror is a bit overkill, sometimes.
typedef struct {int foo,} bar;
>ISKWhatcha makin' Capsuleer? You might want to revisit your design if you can and maybe set it up so you can set the parameter after the parent class is constructed?
he said he's using gccalso -gfor stuff other people will have to deal with,    -std=c99for personal stuff    -std=gnu11 -D_GNU_SOURCE
>for stuff other people will have to deal with, -std=c99Why no -std=c11?
A market bot, it's just too easy to automate, probably even easier than a reasonable mining bot.I would probably rather scrap the whole inheritance thing and do it the copy paste way, are you sure there is no other way? I don't need nor want the parameters to change after initialization at all.
Maybe, it depends.
why are you not learning from the best tech university in the world right now?http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/
I like that answer.
If you just follow the principle of not changing it after it's set, it's not like you're releasing it as a library for other programmers to use.
I'm working on qtbindings with ruby so far so good but is there some graphical explanations to how hboxes and vboxes work?
some embedded platforms may not have c11, or coworkers maybe be running on old ubuntu versions
So something I've taken for granted, but don't really understand: why do you preincrement iterators in a for loop in C++? ex: for(it_type it = v.begin(); it != v.end(); ++it)
I wasn't be sarcastic. It's a good answer. Short, sweet, and to the point.
But surely there must be a better alternative?
It doesn't matter, both will do the same, you also acn just:for(const auto &element: v) {/// do something with item}
So if you're parsing out the ISK cost, I'd just make the child constructor accept an integer too, and just pass it to the Parent. When you construct the child, call it like: Child* c = new Child(parseLine(line)); 
Last time I checked it did matter performance wise. Postincrementing actually makes a copy of the object.
Because postincrement has to make an extra copy, to return the "original", non-incremented iterator.  Preincrementing does not need to make the extra copy.
I'm still working on the beer simulator. I've not started coding it yet because I think I need to do more research into the core user experience by drinking more beer.
>Last time I checked it did matter performance wise.What sort of performance effect are we talking about here?
I will just post the relevant code, that's probably the easiest way to solve this.Item::Item(std::string entry){    std::string* split_entry;    splitString(entry, &split_entry, '\t');    this->name = *split_entry;    split_entry[1].erase(std::remove(split_entry[1].begin(), split_entry[1].end(), ','), split_entry[1].end());    this->quantity = std::stol(split_entry[1]);    this->location = -1;}This is the parent constructor.Order::Order(std::string name, std::string entry){    std::string* split_entry;    if (4 < splitString(entry, &split_entry, '\t'))        this->buy = true;    else        this->buy = false;    if (split_entry[0] == "Station")        split_entry[0] = "-1";    else if (split_entry[0] == "System")        split_entry[0] = "0";    split_entry[1].erase(std::remove(split_entry[1].begin(), split_entry[1].end(), ','), split_entry[1].end());    Item(name, std::stol(split_entry[1]), std::stoi(split_entry[0]));    this->price = (int)(100 * std::stoi(split_entry[2]));    if (this->buy)    {        if (split_entry[4] == "Station")            split_entry[4] = "-1";        else if (split_entry[4] == "System")            split_entry[4] = "0";        this->range = std::stoi(split_entry[4]);        this->min_volume = std::stoi(split_entry[5]);    }}This is supposed to be the child constructor. They both get different strings, so I can't make an universal parseLine function, that was just an example.
You never told me what you were drinking.
>beer simulator.you should start a kickstarter to get money to do more research
I know it's messy and whatnot, but the logic works, I just need to sort the inheritance out.
Newky Brown and Paledog
Worst case you are making an extra copy of the iterator for each iteration of the loop.  Could be a pretty big deal depending on the complexity of the iterator object.Also depends on the compiler, I feel like those extra copies would be optimized out but I've never personally tested it.
Would you recommend a course for me to take? I understand the syntax of coding, but don't understand how this syntax will build small blocks that build applications.
Gonna ask a design question, but why does Item inherit from order? That's a many to one inheritance. Flip your inheritance.
>Also depends on the compiler, I feel like those extra copies would be optimized out but I've never personally tested it.Yeah, that's what prompted me to ask.Noice.
I'm impressed no one bitched about the image. That's a good sign.
Can /g/ write a program to reverse a String recursively?  I sure as fuck can't.
start with an introduction
def reverse(str: String): String = if (str isEmpty) "" else reverse(str substring 1) + str(0)
>helping a stupid fag with his homeworkshiggy
Anyone on this? I'm ending up with something that looks like this
for pseudo code but:string revrec(string s, int iter){ string temp = s.substr(0, s.length - 1); temp = s.substr(s.length - 1, s.length) + temp; if(--iter == 0)  return temp; else  return revrec(temp, iter);}string rev(string s){ return revrec(s, s.length);} 
code   def init_ui    vbox = Qt::VBoxLayout.new self    vbox1 = Qt::VBoxLayout.new    hbox1 = Qt::HBoxLayout.new    hbox2 = Qt::HBoxLayout.new    # windLabel = Qt::Label.new "Windows", self    # edit = Qt::TextEdit.new self    # edit.setEnabled false    activate = Qt::PushButton.new "Activate", self    close = Qt::PushButton.new "Close", self    help = Qt::PushButton.new "Help", self    ok = Qt::PushButton.new "Ok", self    lbl =  Qt::Label.new "Test", self    vbox.addWidget activate    vbox1.addWidget close    hbox1.addWidget help    hbox2.addWidget ok  endAre vboxes and hboxes like grids?
Order inherits from item. Item has the parameters name, quantity and location, order has a few more.
Give me an example of parameters you would pass to both?
If I want to initialize an order object, I would pass a string like "8 10,000 173.78 ISK Gaha IV - Moon 5 - Republic Security Services Assembly Plant 86d 13h 12m 55s". Parse it for the location, quantity, price. name is in a seperate string, all the names of the traded items are in a string array.And item order would get a string like "Damage Control I    1    Damage Control        Low    5 m3", where it would parse the name and quantity.If that's what you mean.
Meant to reply to
Congrats you can write unreadable code.>But muh one liners
it's fairly normal for scala
wow you suck if you honestly think that's unreadable.
It is absolutely fine.
Ok then tell me how this reverse(str substring 1) + str(0) gets incremented each call
each time you take the substring, you are cutting off a character
>Doesn't even understand recursion
There's nothing wrong with that code.
It usually involves graph traversals, shortest path algorithms, that sort of stuff.
So is Rails a mature framework these days?I know Ruby pretty well and I learned Rails for some time ago but it was lacking support for some pretty basic stuff like foreign keys. I took a look at it again and it's looking quite polished.Anyone here who works with it share an opinion on the latest version?
Java os can access internt
#include <stdio.h>int main(argc, argv)   int argc;  char *argv[argc];{  int i;  for (i = 0; i < argc; i++) {    printf ("%d: %s\n", i, argv[i]);   }  return 0;}
wow very nicenice contribution to the thread, you're great +1
>Old style function declarations>Not declaring i in the for loopNo. Just no.
ThanksThank you
also>returning 0 explicitly
The return button was made for a reason, use it.
Depends on your use case. Rails is opinionated and will get an app minimally functional fast. As a freelancer working on small apps it was perfect. But if your needs are complex or you plan to scale much look elsewhere. Active record really slows things down but rails doesn't handle views well. Personally I'm abandoning rails and Ruby in favor of haskell and snap. It outperforms python and Ruby by a long shot, and it's less error prone than C++
Yeah. Rails seems to do a fuckton of things and gets bogged down by them.I've been thinking about using Go. Do you happen to know of a good, mature framework or is the language too new for that?
I've seen Haskell mostly by people shilling its features, but what are the practical applications for it?
>muh type-safe urls
Most of the large scale haskell stuff is closed source. But I belive whatsapp is haskell. It's becoming more popular thanks to yesod and snap. I'd say it's a very hard language to learn but it's strictness dramatically reduces bugs.
b-but haskell is lazy! :D
 ephemerial responses like this are why I haven't bothered with the language. Each language does something well, what is it for haskell?
it's so fucking warmit's literally like summer arrived overnightAnyway I'm fiddling with creating a "defer" function for C that modifies the code at run time... Probably not the best way to go about it.
Do 'transpilers' literally just run through a file of source and parse it, translating it to the target language?
I think https://revel.github.io/ is supposed to be Rails-like, but last time I looked for web frameworks a lot of people were of the opinion that when writing web apps in Go you should use smaller components rather than a full on framework. I think http://martini.codegangsta.io/ is supposed to be more like that, with small composable parts than you can pick and choose from instead of a full environment kind of deal.
I didn't mean strict in the way it evaluates things. It enforces constraints far more than imperative OO languages. Short of stuffing values into a Monad you really can't have side effects.
They transpire the source code through their pores after working hard.
Thank you!
A simple c script to stop the stupid kids who at my school work call them selves hackers from making bat files
my joke was still a solid 7/10, ok?
More or less.
It can be used for lots of things. Personally I've used It for Web apps and machine learning
I'm working on getting a background image for this ten project I wrote up, basically a terminal with various api searches and xml feed reader.
Parsing other languages.
haskell more popular ? lel, never
That's just lolz.  Jesus.>solving a problem>breaking it down into a collection of subproblemsWe just called this program design in my heyday.  What are they doing to you kids, out there?
It will never be as popular as ruby , python, or java but I think the growing industry trend is toward functional programming. Eventually some functional language that may not even exist yet will become the industry standard. Concurrent and distributed processing are much easier when you don't have any mutable state.
I use it a lot at work for processing big old archives of legacy data. Typical "one time programming" style tasks where I need to build a report or create a database, and potentially further integrate it into primary databases. Fast development speed and the performance is quite good. At its best it runs blazingly fast through gigabytes of data with a tiny memory footprint thanks to its lazy streams. At its worst it eats up memory and falls over for some unclear reason. It can feel a bit like arcane incantations trying to get it to behave! The standard profiling tools are pretty good for diagnosing these issues though, absolute breeze to profile and get nice graphs and call information.
Dynamic programming has been a thing since before you were born.

>Eventually some functional language that may not even exist yet will become the industry standard.never it will happen, what you will see, like now, is mainstream languages integrating some functional stuffs (rust, d, c++ 11/14, java 8, scala, ...). purely functional is a dead end.>Concurrent and distributed processing are much easier when you don't have any mutable state.yeah,that's why there literally zero use of any functional programming language in HPC.that's why facebook ditched erlang for c++.that's why none of latest AAA games are done with a functional programming language despite those games are now heavily relying on multicore (and don't come with GOAL, it's an imperative language)
that's the most distressing thing I've seen on this website in quite some time
>that's why none of latest AAA games are done with a functional programming language despite >those games are now heavily relying on multicore (and don't come with GOAL, it's an imperative language)Because Erlang totally does graphics mate.
I...
>Solving a problem by breaking it down into subproblems has been a thing.You're right.  I can't disagree with you there.
does the compiler being 32 or 64 bit matter at all?
I don't get it.
no
>The term dynamic programming was originally used in the 1940s by Richard Bellman to describe the process of solving problems where one needs to find the best decisions one after another. By 1953, he refined this to the modern meaning, referring specifically to nesting smaller decision problems inside larger decisions,[16] and the field was thereafter recognized by the IEEE as a systems analysis and engineering topic. Bellman's contribution is remembered in the name of the Bellman equation, a central result of dynamic programming which restates an optimization problem in recursive form.
explain, please.
You are really embarrassing yourself with your level of ignorance.
>DS PvP>Obligatory Black Knight Halberd+Combustion spammer>He's just spamming R1>Hit the parry>1100HP>Let him spam some more>Go for parry>Miss>Fug>He gets the counter hit>900 damage>Wake up combustion spam>Staggers me>Chaos storm>dedFuck black knight weapons.I know that image is a Silver knight. But fuck Black knight weapons.
okayso if im understanding, a 64bit compiler will make a 32bit program, correct?
>c>scriptPick one.
Only if it supports it.
at least its not that shitty old man
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross_compiler
Sooo... the basic steps of program design that we all learned in 102.  Gotcha.  Yaokei, buddy.  Have fun with your Inception style overdoing of simple concepts.
Please improve your bait.
Does it really count as a cross-compiler if the host is able to run the output binaries? Like, say, a compiler running on x86_64 compiling for x86.
There is a difference between system design and dynamic programming, numbnuts.  e.g. https://projecteuler.net/problem=67
Hello there, you seem illiterate on what is dynamic programming, but be quiet, i am here to help you.open http://jeffe.cs.illinois.edu/teaching/algorithms/notes/05-dynprog.pdfread "5.3  The Pattern: Smart Recursion" at page 6???profitit's from the excellent Models of Computation which is probably the best free book on algorithmshttp://jeffe.cs.illinois.edu/teaching/algorithms/gambatte, anon-kun !
Im trying to add words to a treeset recursively. the string being passed to it has words separated by a space. public static TreeSet<String> getWordSet(final String theS) {   TreeSet<String> result = new TreeSet<String>();   int index = theS.indexOf(" ");   System.out.println(index);   if (index < 0) {      return result;   } else {      result.add(theS.substring(0, index));      return getWordSet(theS.substring(index + 1));   }}this just gives me an empty set. what am I doing wrong?
c-can you teach me?
Why does everyone hate getters and setters if old Bjarney is telling me to use them?
Should I even bother finishing up learning Python, when I will have to start using Java in school this fall? (CS major)
i hope there is A LOT more to this "field" than what this paragraph is saying
some day you too will be a shitty old man
Are you going to be a freshman, i.e., is it going to be a first-year java course (jesus christ)? If so, why give up learning, just because you're using a different language? It's not like you'll stop using Python just because they're teaching Java. Unless you just started python and can barely fizzbuzz, I'd say keep going with it. I don't know python or java but I imagine it's much easier to write something up real quick in python
Feel free to google it, friend.
I ain't a nigga you replied to but I appreciate the links and knowledge, smugpepeanon
i have googled it in the past but it didn't seem interesting or enlightening whatsoever
Based, anon.  Thanks for the more complete explanation.  I'm off to learn stuff.
Python is a really cool, language, dude.  I'd say finish learning it.  How are you learning, anyhow?
>In a nutshell, dynamic programming is recursion without repetition. Dynamic programming algorithms store the solutions of intermediate subproblems, often but not always in some kind of array or table. wow it's fucking nothing, fucking retarded shills
ok kid
I know you said, "best free book," but how does it compare to Introduction to Algorithms by Thomas Cormen?
>recursion without repetition>fucking genius
Fuck me why does nobody do anything but Android development with Java in github? All their fucking trending programs is Android shit.
>not cashing in on the bubblehttp://www.geek.com/games/cause-of-konamis-implosion-revealed-theyre-going-mobile-1622875/
Android is the only reason anyone does anything with Java any more.I just wish Google would have let Java die like it should have.
What's going to replace Java for Enterprise Software? C#? C++? Haskell?
go
java will still be highly relevant for enterprise software, C# and hipster languages might gain in popularity but java will have a presence for quite some time
lel'd irl
I just like the link to the book.  Stop being angry please, this is a trigger free zone.
 Parent::Parent(number);>Tried that, linker error.That is because that attempts to call a non-existent static method called Parent.Unfortunately, if I have understood you, C++ doesn't have a way to do that.  If you take in a string that needs to be parsed, the only way you can do the parsing bits is in the constructor body.  You could consider making a static member that builds a Child (factory pattern).
triggered
C# is a better Java.
F# is a better C#
I got rid of the return in front of getWordSet and put a return result; at the end.now im only getting the first word in the sentence
Why isn't there a programming language where I just tell the computer my problem and it fixes it?
AI are very specific and can only work with what data they have.
how do i become fluent in python as fast as possible?
93. When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
ok kid
http://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/python/
I just finished my freshman year, about to start my second year in the fall. I can fizzbuzz, lmao.It really is a cool language, I fucking hate the divide between 2 and 3,and it's hard to find good resources for 3 like I can for 2.And right now I'm using diveintopython.
Can you not learn 2 things at once? If you're >starting< Java in the fall, it'll be basic stuff and simple data structures etc. Don't drop python just because your classes won't use it anymore
I can learn two things at once, I'm just a lazy fuck I guess. I should start learning java before the summer ends then.
Get a head-start anon, and always stay ahead. Makes shit easy. Classes should always be review.
Yo /dpt/, curious:What project of yours are you most proud of?
I appreciate the kind words, I have a really good understanding of what needs to be done. I'm hoping to be able to bang out like a weeks worth of homework in a couple hours for that class.Is there anything like this but for Python 3?
fizzbuzz
one time i made a program that counted to 100
>Is there anything like this but for Python 3?have you even read the introduction ?
>programming job at big company>go upstairs to my office like any normal day>see several clients checkups pop up, no problems (common)>all but one of the regular clients say "no I'm good this month, but thanks for checking in">forward those messages back to my superiors>immediately after get called into meeting>told my hours are low and that I'm obviously procrastinating and I am "free to forfeit my clients to other people">realize this may be a subtle hint, don't care>bring up the emails that I know they read, showing the current progress of things>they pause and tell me "okay">go back to office>get email chastising me on the order i handle each client>they don't have the ability to do that, even if they did it wouldn't make a difference as all the clients are in different geographical locations and I call at times that would be best for them>get series of ancient emails forwarded to me>random words and sentences are highlighted, bolded, italicized, etc.>rustled jimmiesshould I just make my desktop the "are you frustrated" image? maybe I should install Google Ultron on my computer while i'm at it
I'm fucking retarded, thanks. I just started skimming through the body.
Currently working on a BASIC compiler, but written in Java (no pun intended). It's proving to be a huge pain in the ass simply because of the memory management and control statements but its pretty fun.Then I'm going to work on a simple social media website and try to pick up the basics of JavaScript, CSS, PHP, etc. and MAYBE set up a LAMP server if I have the patience.Lastly, do a quick crash course on Python and C and finish K&R, then work on a sophisticated webcrawler using python or maybe make a web browser.
im in the same position as you. im going to be doing a lot of C and assembly next year, but only way we really use java is in android dev
quit
public class FizzBuzz {    public static void main(final String[] args) {        System.out.print("1\n2\nfizz\n4\nbuzz\nfizz\n7\n8\nfizz\nbuzz\n11\nfizz\n13\n14\nfizzbuzz\n16\n17\nfizz\n19\nbuzz\nfizz\n22\n23\nfizz\nbuzz\n26\nfizz\n28\n29\nfizzbuzz\n31\n32\nfizz\n34\nbuzz\nfizz\n37\n38\nfizz\nbuzz\n41\nfizz\n43\n44\nfizzbuzz\n46\n47\nfizz\n49\nbuzz\nfizz\n52\n53\nfizz\nbuzz\n56\nfizz\n58\n59\nfizzbuzz\n61\n62\nfizz\n64\nbuzz\nfizz\n67\n68\nfizz\nbuzz\n71\nfizz\n73\n74\nfizzbuzz\n76\n77\nfizz\n79\nbuzz\nfizz\n82\n83\nfizz\nbuzz\n86\nfizz\n88\n89\nfizzbuzz\n91\n92\nfizz\n94\nbuzz\nfizz\n97\n98\nfizz\nbuzz\n");    }}
don't work for shitheads
I want to start getting into C because I have a big interest into hardware exploitation (things like badUSB etc.), along with wireless attack vectors. And Of course as a lower level language you can do some powerful stuff with C
Rookie here, why explicitly returning 0 is bad? Because instead of returning 0 you can just write your function to return nothing (void )?
>why explicitly returning 0 is bad?Nothing, its just unnecessary.C99 and C11 specify that reaching the end of main means that you returned 0.
define powerful stuff
its just the memory management. its like how java will throw exceptions and shit when you fuck up but in C you can literally go over an array's "alloted" length and go fuck around. ive also seen primitive viruses written in C (which is a pretty big deal seeing how most are written in assembly).idk bro C is pretty fucking hard to get a good hang of. im more likely going to stick to python so I can actually get shit done and be helped by the interpreter instead of getting 0 info
>you can do some poweful stuffNice buzzword you got there fam
I can't really think of any specific things off the top of my head, but you gain a deeper level of control and sometimes performance. Because like I mentioned, C has a lower level of abstraction compared to something like Python.also holy shit this thing is making me do 50 captchas
>fam Nice reddit word you got there faggot.burgers burgers burgers pizza pizza drinks food cakes noodlesWhy not fuggin cars or computers or instruments, google?
I'm having trouble with a malloc, here's the gist:struct node **open_node_heap, **closed_node_heap;struct node * add_node(struct node *cur, struct node_list *list){    struct node **node_heap = (list == &open_list)?open_node_heap:closed_node_heap;node_heap = malloc(node_ptr_size);}node_heap seems to get assigned but it never makes it back up to open_node_heap or closed_node_heap.
There isn't much space left for C# to gain, It already dominates the half Java doesn't.

How do I git gud at algorithmsI'm fine with the technological side of programming, but while I've always been good at math, I'm no genius by any definition
>living in london>not using fam regularlyPick one, fam.
Sorry, I'm not 16 nor a faggot.
>But I belive whatsapp is haskellwhatsapp is erlang.

Please use an anime image next time.
>the halfok kidyou sound like the delusional fucks that think windows phone is popular or has a lot of potential
We're discussing enterprise.
>implying you didn't pull out "the half" figure out of your ass
>83% of companies use SharePoint for document>80% of Fortune 500 use SharePointSeems like I Was being a bit conservative.
Your code doesn't really make much sense.First, you assign the value of either open_node_heap or closed_node_heap to node_heap, then the very next line you assign a new value to node_heap... and you don't even return anything.Also, I would really change that code - the ternary makes things slightly less clear, but if I understand correctly, you are using either of two blocks depending on whether the list is open or closed.  If so, why don't you attach which node heap to use to the list (as a member of the node_list struct)?
I'm leaving out a lot of code.  The malloc is run if the node_list hasn't been initialized (and in turn the node_heap).Basically I need to either malloc a new heap or realloc the heap to add a new element in this function but neither work.It's not a member of node_list because the code that interfaces this function has no idea about the internal mechanism of the node code.  Each implementation of node.c worries about it's arrays or linked lists or stacks or whatever but the interface can't contain all that because not all node.c use an array (or anything at all like this sometimes) and the main.c doesn't care.
Most of the crap I see on Github is webdev shit, not Android shit. That said, tons of Android repos is not a bad thing...
Better half of my project on Github are C.  The other half are Python because work.
My github is pure C, hoping to change that once I'm not a fucking retard anymore with sepples.
Hey guys, it's a me again !Let us have a (2,4) tree ADT in parenthetic string representation T={12}({3,6,9},{15}). External nodes are not included in this representation. Determine the correct/incorrect resulting (2,4) tree after applying the corresponding operation. (yes) insertItem(1) - T={12,6}({1,3},{9},{15}) (no) insertItem(1) - T={12,3}({1,6,9},{15}) Which one should it be ? I am more inclined to the second, because there's no overflow, so the root should remain the same.
Would it be possible for you to post more code?  Like the minimum amount that would compile, because I don't see how the malloc assignment is supposed to propagate up.
anyone know why this gives me an access violation error when trying to go through a linked list of nodes and get the sum of each node?while (head != NULL) {    sumOfList += ptr->data;    ptr = ptr->next;}logically it seems perfect to me.
ptr is a pointer that points to head. Forgot to type that out
My new arch-nemesis:android.os.NetworkOnMainThreadException
because the scar is still fresh in our memories:
You're trying to go to the next node, what happens when you get to the end? It will try and access an unitianalised pointer, you need to change your while clause
developing for android huh? Kind of want to get into it sooner or later, neato
C++ is so fucking greatWriting functions in namespaces for classes makes me sweatyI love having so many levels of indentation for so longphwew
so you just set head = ptr? That's a pretty dumb mistake if soseriously, why do you have both ptr and head? it would probably work if you changed head to ptr. If you for some reason need two variables explain why
Developing for Android is a pain in the ass, because for the most part, you're forced to use Java, and in particular, the only good IDE is Android Studio, which is a RAM hog and likes to swap to disk whenever it can. Also, the OS likes to do tricky things.Unfortunately, every other mobile OS is objectively crap, because your users aren't allowed to run your application unless you agree to either Apple and/or Microsoft's developer agreements. I would be genuinely willing to develop for Windows phone if I could just distribute my program as a standalone executable without having the Windows Store get in my way.If you have a shitload of indentation, used 2-space indentation.
>ptr is a pointer that points to head.I assume that ptr STARTS with the value of head and goes to the next, in which case ptr, not head, should be in the while loop's condition.
no i put ptr = headand in the stack i have other functions to do stuff with the stack, thats why i need a head pointeri changed it towhile (ptr->next != NULL)is that right?
I've been making an app implementing Maps API to display the locations of all the arcades containing Project Diva Arcade machines. It runs using a database on my server to provide the arcade data and the database is scalable to allow for other machines to also be added.I could also fairly quickly incorporate more tables to provide locations of other things like convenience stores, ATMs, love hotels and vending machines (including selections) if I were to actually get people willing to submit such information into the database.Mind you half of that can be searched on Google Maps anyway. The main thing is that I am working with a third party API and doing real time interfacing with a web service for data.Just move the network off the main thread.
It's only like 3 levels on average, my font's tiny and my tabs are 4 spaceI just mean that I like how it feels is all!
while (ptr != NULL)if you assign ptr = ptr->next, and then end the loop if THEN ptr->next is null, you'll skip the last item
You could just write the same code with ptr instead of head.The way you were doing it, it was putting the VALUE of ptr into head, and then never updating it. So head still points to the first item in the list, which isn't what you want. What you want is simply to use ptr, not head. Set ptr to the value of head, then do your code with the change, then do whatever else you're doing.Either you don't fully comprehend what ptr = head does or you just made a silly mistake
without using head, how do i assign ptr to the value of head? I'm using nodes. Head is a pointer to the first node in the list.ptr = head->data?
You had it right with that part. Just in the loop, you don't use head. I can't explain this over the internet, I'm trying too hard and overcomplicatinghead = ptr; // Set initial value of ptr to the head nodewhile (ptr != NULL) { // Loop through the nodes until the current node is the last one    sumOfList += ptr->data;    ptr = ptr->next;}... // Do other things with head
Give me a project to develop in c++
A client using the AniDB API to browse anime and keep your own ratings, favourites, and watched/to-watch list
Automated 4chan shitposting bot
I've been looking for one to do as well, have just been rewriting a C project in the meantimeall my creativity is shot
Gameboy emulator
http://pastebin.com/Q9VwEMfk
multi-threaded irc bot with scripting and database support.
ok i think got ithowever now i need to return 1 if nothing is pushed to the stack. I keep getting errors when I tryany ideas?
If you just need something to do to practice... why not any of these?
rollin
Done, rolling again.
How complex are chess ai algorithms.
nvm i got itit was the top() function that was the issue
>/cp/>"Control Panel"That's a ... questionable naming scheme.
very. we can't solve chess without quantum computers. We kind of barely solved checkers in 2007, but not really, and the number of solutions is the root of the number of solutions in chess.
void reverse(){char c;c=getchar();if(c!='\n')reverse();putchar(c);return;}
there's nothing questionable about cute pussies dude
you mean Child Pornography?
I know C and Java.What else should I learn?Should I learn a scripting language like Python or maybe a different paradigm language like Haskell or Scala?Or should I just expand my horizon of OOP languages like C# and C++I'm sort of leaning on getting into Haskell since I don't know anything about functional languages.
rollllll
boll
You are the cancer killing /dpt/.
ily <3
I made this URL cleaner: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10096-general-url-cleaner/code
C#Need a class that will query a database and give me the information in a 2D list.Here's the kicker: It needs to run asynchronously or my UI gets frozen while it makes the call.Any tips?
Learn lua and use it to script in your java projects
async....await bro
Yeah, I'm aware of them, I'm just not sure how to implement them.Picture somewhat related.Here's an example of how I'm pulling data:            SqlConnection thisConnection = new SqlConnection(@"nohackmyserverplskthx");            thisConnection.Open();            string Get_Data = "SELECT TOP 10 * FROM IEG.vCOMILeaderboard7Days ORDER BY Tickets DESC";            SqlCommand cmd = thisConnection.CreateCommand();            cmd.CommandText = Get_Data;            SqlDataAdapter sda = new SqlDataAdapter(cmd);            dt = new DataTable("vCOMILeaderboard7Days");            sda.Fill(dt);
pat(rolling)
new thread 


How many of you fell for the Thinkpad meme?I bought an x230t a year and a half ago, and sold it after around nine months. I now own a Haswell XPS 12 and like it much more.
I'm a t420s user and bought the x220t after knowing I can get one cheap, but I'm disappointed when I did not know that the stylus is not as great as wacom's own tablet (not citiqu) now that I want to sell it, but I find myself using it to take notes in class since it has a good battery life.
>--30There's your problem, you fucking retard. If you did even the slightest bit of research you'd know everything after --20 is pure cancer.
>regurgitating /g/ "knowledge" on ThinkpadsI didn't like it because the screen wasn't that great, because it was too bulky to use in tablet mode, and because the battery jutting out and the antenna on the top meant I couldn't comfortably prop it up on my lap in tablet mode anyway. It had nothing to do with the keyboard (which I liked) or anything else. Fucktard.
I agree that is one of the problem, but the way I use my x220t, I'm okay with that :) used tablet mode to take notes and it was pretty nice, except the edge issue which I really hate about thinkpad tablets
Enjoying something you don't is not "falling for a meme"
>everyone says this product is shit>clearly they're wrong, i'll buy one anyway and show those nerds what they know!>wtf why is this such shit why did you trick me /g/I got nothing more to say to you. You did it to yourself.
oh please, it was still a nice laptop and I owned a Thinkpad before I ever found 4chan. they're just not as nice as /g/ used to claim
yeah, except the thinkpads before are also complete shitI have the 3rd gen X1 Carbon and it is the first usable Thinkpad that Lenovo or IBM ever made in my opinion. Anything before it or the *50 series are complete turds.
I bought a T420Everything is great, the only bad thing it's that the screen was shit, then I calibrated it with a i1D3 and it became acceptable
poorfags like thinkpads because you can get them dirt cheap used when some big companies flood the market with their old laptops.
Bought one for 26 bucks, installed arch on it and don't regret it
>x220tI got one of those, but it's riddled with driver problemsfor some reason in spite of installing the correct drivers, in particular for the intel graphics, it just isn't working. games just crash.
Just bought an X200. Can't wait to put Libreboot+GNU Guix on it.
I still have a t43p, it's good for basic stuff like internet and word processing and terminal stuff which is really all I use my laptop for anywaysI can even play quakelikes and total annihilation on it at glorious 1024x768 because Radeon X300
My internet on my computer keeps crapping out. I keep getting this error message. I've unplugged my router and modem, reset things to factory specs etc. Basically all I can do on my end. I'm using an older model linksys router with an hp laptop. Any ideas on how to fix this aside from deleting windows?Unable to access the networkERR_NETWORK_CHANGED
install gentoo
I don't have the motivation to learn a new os. Any options on how to fix for windows?
delete system32 and installgentoo
Why are you using Windows?Why do you even own HP?Why Chrome?Facebook?
like I said, not going to delete system 32, nor am I going to do gentoo as I don't have the desire to learn a new operating system.I'm using windows because I'm comfortable with it. I own an HP because I'm a poor bastard and make pizzas for a livingI'm using chrome because I hate my ramFacebook was just an example. I'm experiencing this with all websites randomly.when I refresh the page once or twice it comes back
stop being poor and get better internet/ use a real operating system/ use a real browser.
I'm working on the stopping being poor. I'm going to college and am currently on the Dean's list. Unfortunately, because I'm going to college in the U.S. I'm thousands of dollars in debt and have to supplement my food intake at pantries. My internet speed is approx 15mb/s so I don't have a problem there. It's my connection with my laptop and my router that is the issue.
G E N T O OE N T O O GN T O O G ET O O G E NO O G E N TO G E N T O
well you certainly are a persistent and unhelpful person
>learn a new operating systemYou haven't even learned Windows.
I never said I knew everything about it. Could you help me out?
Make a livecd/USB and try to duplicate the error. Your nic might be bad, your Ethernet cable might be frayed or otherwise damaged, your ipstack might be corrupted, your drivers may be suffering bit rot, you might be using vista, or you might need to install gentoo.Lrn2troubleshoot
install
1. Is the problem consistent across all devices in your home?If so, it's your internet.2. Does the problem happen both when you're connected physically or when you're connected over wi-fi?If not, then it's hardware.3. Does the problem continue when using a different OS (Linux live drive, bruh)?If so, it's hardware.
Check Proxy Settings?Reset Winsock Catalog?TCP/IP Reset?Host File Reset?Try it in Safe Mode?
Try safe mode with network best way to tell what's fucking shit up
Have you considered installing gentoo?
install windows 10
Probably a malicious chrome extension or plugin. Only if Firefox/IE works. Usually something that interferes with security certificates and fucks up the connection to secure elements on a page. Have seen it at work a couple times. Nuke Chrome from orbit. Or MBAM...
>Windows>Chrome>FacebookYou dun goofed.
do a tracert and find out where your packets are getting dropped
Which one? I have to buy one tomorrow.>tfw no big sized s6
Fuck em both. Get the note 4
Nexus 1000%. Just be prepared to never be comfortable with the idea of dropping your phone 3 inches.Seriously though, I have both and asides from how fragile the nexus is, it's a wonderful device. Also touchwiz is gay.
nexus.project fi. aosp. microSD.s6 is probably faster stock, and I know /g/ sucks with modding their phones to perform better, but you wont regret the nexus.
I am only considering the S6 for the lighter touchjizz, don't want to mod the Note 4 cuz knoxb-but the camera ;__; tho the nexus 6 + camera cost the same as a S6nexus doesn't have microSD card
The Nexus 6's camera is fine.
LG G4
How's the Nokia Lumia? I saw someone with it they other day and it looks sexy as fuck.
lel plastic crap
>windows phone c'mon I am dropping an iPhone 6, the app quality difference would be too big
Can't you get them with the Android OS? I thought I remembered him having it with android.
Also, I'm not certain of what you are talking about.
>I am only considering the S6 for the lighter touchjizz, don't want to mod the Note 4 cuz knox>knoxThis only voids the MANUFACTURERS warranty. Carriers don't give a fucking shit.Get carrier insurance.Root Get wild with custom roms
This.
Posting on mine right now, speakers are amazing the 13 something megapixel camera is pretty good, just gotta be careful with her
Does the nexus have haptic feedback like the s6? I'm in the same boat as OP and that's a big selling point for me; not a fan of "on screen" buttons with no artificial texture
been using the s6 for about a month now shit is speedy as fuck, but a friend i know has a nexus which is equally as fast in my experience. if you want modding definitely nexus, because samsung makes their shit tighter than a trap's ass. but if you want a "does what you want and does it good" phone then the s6 is what you want
fuck off cuntread the sticky
LG G4
get the iphone and stay happy forever op.don't fall for the meme made up by shills
Until the new one comes out and you're not even able to install fucking nothing.
Neither does the S6
Oneplus one
Fuck off cuck
Samsungs are for 14 year old girls who don't know any better, Nexus are overpriced budget garbage, get a G4 or Xperia Z3.
Horribly cuck'd friend.
ZenFone 2 still better
the nexus 6 doesn't have micro SD
I went through the same thing and chose the S6S6 kills the Nexus in Benchmarks/Screen/Camera/Battery Life. Touchjiz is more responsive than stock lolipop becuase the s6 has the best CPU ever put in a Smartphone.
This
How so?
This.If you want high-end performance + MicroSD there is no other choice.
Get a Huawei ascend MATE7
I am dropping the iPhone 6...had it, disliked it, sold itlelhad a Z1 and a G3, I would consider the  Z3+ if it had a 5.5" screen
Buy an Asus Memefone2
>wanting to spend 800€ on a phone>suggest a 300€ onejust why? the zenphone 2 is one of the ugliest phones I've ever seen
I'm in the same boat as you. My Nexus 5 is horribly shattered, and it's a choice between touchjizz/amazing hardware and stock android / slightly outdated hardware.Tough one.
Yes, you will not be disappointed.
I won't buy it from a carrier.  The Note 4 is only 30€ more expensive than the Nexus 6 but I am worried with touchwizz
Can you install stock android on an S6?
Don't be. Its actually good on the note 4. Much more useful on the big screen than stock Android is. It also get better battery life, so there's that as well. Better camera as well (much better). No stupid software buttons (I prefer not wasting screen space). Unless you really want a really really big screen compared to a really big screen, the note 4 is the way to go.Also, multi view and spen.
When will CPUs get better?
They are better. Notice how the TDP decreased feom 95W to 88W.
When Intel gets BTFO'd by AMD with Zen in 2016.
When we move out of silicon.
Bulldozer all over again
>almost same clock>less power consumption>better scores everywhere
stop this.I want a new Athlon 64.
>Almost same clockMore MIPS.
There is also 3 years difference between them
And a die shrink, which would account for the almost perfect percentage gain in performance.
When nitrogen cooling systems become economical.
When intel stops making loads of money by giving 5% improvements every year.
I can't answerI can't answer that
Hey /g/What would you do, if you had a 3D printer, that has max. 1m3 volume for printing and could print with any material you want?I've only got some boring ideas, like a fluffy pushbag out of aerogel.
Dragon dildo made with ultra real flesh like material.Mare vagina with vacuum action.Bass relief photos of family vacation.
Pirate Gundams
>have 3D printer>not printing 3D printers
Print more 3D Printers obviously

And what should I do with more 3D printers? >give 3D printer to everyone in the world>everyone keeps printing 3D printers>world is overpopulated with 3D printers>humanity dies and 3D printers are the new superior existence on earth
I would just mess around making 3d fractals.

I'm not hearing a downside?
>print more 3D printers>print thousands of aneros prostate stimulators>sell them on ebay for $10 each>????>print more 3D printers
https://vimeo.com/116582567
i kinda wanna buy one, i hear they are bretty good once you get into it.also i would just print cups/plates and stuff like that, never have to do dishes again.

>Bass relief photos of family vacation.You sick fuck.
Or you could just buy a dishwasher
FRACTALS!
why bother? would prefer to just trash them and print new stuff each time
>Millennials
Well i wish you all the luck with that
Just wash your fucking cups, you piece of shit.The amount of energy spent in shipping over foam cups from china is much more than the 10 seconds it takes to rinse out a glass cup with dish soap.
or i could just trash them? having some sort of system that always keep a few cups/plates left over surely wouldn't be too hard
>Print more 3d printers>Open a shop where people come with their project and pay you to print them>I don't even need the ???>ProfitI know the world is not ready for this, but maybe in a few years this kind of shop will be a really good idea, when and if the maker culture will be more diffuse and more people will design their own stuff.
>waiting 3 hours for a plastic cup to print>versus washing a glass cup in 10 seconds
I just want to print and paint my own anime figs.Sounds more rewarding than simply buying them.
It annoys me when people punctuate incorrectly? Its gives an obnoxious tone to your sentence? I will follow you home and rape your dog?
>not having it print the night before >not having it set to always have 10 printed in the cupboard
DRAGON DILDOES
Ok?
that's not a question, don't use a question mark
Fucking this?

iPhone generalPost your iPhones and discuss other iPhonesThread theme: general superiority
Got a iphone 6, 16 gb and space gray. Pretty nice phone, great battery life, nice ui and the touch id is pretty cool
iPhone 6+ 64GB master race reporting in.   Anyone know of good apps or sites I can use to download movies to my phone?
>Post your iPhones and discuss other iPhonesI'm buying iphone 6S in plus version as soon as they are out in sept/oct. my moto G is dying and all other android phones are garbage. I'm kinda sick of always having to use shitty android apps when their ios versions are 10x better.
>/lgbt/
Attn Jony Ive:please unfuck the iphone. steve jobs aint die for this shit. iphone 7 mini at the one true iphone size or gtfo.
Torrent stuff.If you've got a jailbroken iPhone you can get iTransmission off of cydia. Or just torrent stuff on your computer, install VLC on your phone, sideload movies and you're setJust buy it now you retard. Why put off until tomorrow what you can do today? I will never understand people like you. If you're always going to put it off then you may as well never buy anythingAnd yes Android phones are garbage. I owned the Moto G. It was alright I guess. But unpolished. And system-wide on-screen buttons get on my absolute tits
Go to gsmarena and you'd see curries shitting at this phone because it cost them half a year of their salary>muh micromax>you'd get robbed (and raped) if you own an iphone>support indian products, buy micromax
Currently have an iPhone 4S 64GB White. Never fully utilized the 64GB capacity. I will be picking up an iPhone 6s/7 this fall. Space Grey, highest capacity (might as well).Why buy the 6 when the 6s/7 will be better and is not that far off?
iPhone 5 reporting in.I only use it as an alarm clock because my Note 3 is so much better in every aspect.I do wonder why people keep stating Google has better app support on iOS than on Android, when I've witnessed the exact opposite.There is still no native iOS app for Google Keep, and Hangouts on iOS hasn't worked since I installed it a year ago.Keep can be loaded in Safari, and Google probably doesn't bother with Hangouts since if you have an iPhone you are using iMessage for MUH BLUE BUBBLES, but goddamn. Google has better support for Android than iOS, and I am tired of hearing otherwise.
بُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣFuck off ifags
#StopGreenBubbles
Own an Iphone 5. Personally I like it due to its ease of use and how smooth it is compared to a typical android phone.Still, I hate the fact that I need itunes to tranfer files from my laptop. That's why I'm using my tablet for music, reading manga, watching videos and shit (while my iphone is restricted to call, texting and whatsapp/wechat only. That and the occasional cheating during test)
Doesn't work in Safari, dipshit.
i have an htc m7 but ive been thinking of getting a new phone, i don't want to stick with android anymore because of google. So i've been thinking of getting an iPhone 6 or going with blackberry.How much do you think being in apples walled garden will make me mad? How much can you do with a jailbroken phone?
بُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ
Lol
Better luck next time.
lmao being this autistic.Back to le reddit you cuck.
Why does this thread even exist?
because they are trying to justify their spending 74,000 rupees on a phone with 1GB of RAM
effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗>ios is stable and not glitchy!!!
>sideload
ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣॣh ॣ ॣ ॣॣh ॣ ॣ冗effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً
i just ordered mine, iphone 6 16gb space grey.for ~620$it'll be my first iphoneim very happy about it
Congrats, you are now an apple faggot!What do you have to say for yourself?
Enjoy being a poor fag with a lag phone whom women laugh at? I don't know. What do you think?
>Poor fagNo>Lag phoneNo>Women laugh atBecause I told a jokeAt the end of the day you are an apple fag and everyone here laughs at you
>living in a first world countries"I own an iphone so at least I'm not a broke loser""You own an iphone? it's the bare minimum, bro">living in 3rd world shitholes"I own an iphone so I must be fucking rich""You own an iphone? Dude you gotta marry my daughter! I'd slaughter a cow to celebrate this occasion!"*there is no 2nd world countries since the fall of Soviet union
man i just wanted a change, and have enough disposable income.i've been on android since 2011, using moto g 1st gen right now.i will never understand why people get so triggered by apple, because apple barely affects their lives. i love my moto g, but i just wanted to try the iphone
It's like Android except less customization, less apps, and less heterosexuality.
Falseflagging
>apple fag and everyone here laughs at youBecause I own a Windows phone?
I don't know this meme.
iPhone 5 here.Battery dies in 2 hours.Battery is expanding.The expansion made the screen pop off from the phone itself. I can see inside the fucking phone.I'm waiting for the Xperia z4 compact or z3+ compact. Whatever comes first.
How can apple be superior when my fucking phone crashes when some asshole sends me a fucknig text?Explain that faggot!
Not him but I'd rather get laughed by fat neck bearded Linux/android losers like you than normal non autistic woman
Get out iCultists!
can anybody explain how to fix this?
If you actually letcApple know via techt support, then they can help you fix it. The problem could be anything.
the problem is fags being fags and sending malicious texts
That string of arabic characters crashed iOS6 and OS X devices using Apple's text renderers.
LOOK HERE NIGGERS FOR FIX!Just got off from support:Step 1: BLOCK THE SENDER(S). I don't care if their your friends, block them so they don't make it worse!Step 2: Click on your Photos app.Step 3: Send any picture to the person that sent you the malicious message last. This can be done by:Tap a pictureTap the square at the bottom left of the screenTap the Message buttonEnter in the contact name of the last sender4: You should be able to access the message app. Once you do that DELETE ALL TEXT THREADS CONTAINING THE MESSAGES. ALL OF THEM5: Boom! All fixed.Nothing you can do really to prevent other people from crashing your device while it's locked though, that part is up to Apple for creating an update to solve it!Hope it is fixed!
will it work on whatsapp?
Awe, look at this little butthurt lagdroid shill.Too bad that doesn't work outside of sms :(
The fact that it works at all is hilarious.
> How much do you think being in apples walled garden will make me mad?It depends on what you want to do with your phone.> How much can you do with a jailbroken phone?Less than your normal Android phone, but a lot more than Blackberry... unless you're a BES server admin.
I currently have a nexus 6, I feel like its the best android has to offer and it still falls short. The mobile radio active bug has been the last straw for me...will be switching back to iOS when the refresh comes out this fall. My 5s was my favorite phone to date.
just replace the battery you stupid fuck
so, do you guys likes green bubbles too or you only lick the real thing?
Maybe they want a reliable phone that has a working battery?
Yes I do. That and I've grown way of the tiny 4 inch screen and lack of water protection. I don't really care about anything else. Even if I get a new battery it will still die way before the Xperia will.
ALL MY SIDE
i found an iphone 5 that i want but its locked to a different network to minehow do i unlock it for free?
>tfw will have to eventually upgrade to a 6 or whatever apple has in the future.>tfw hate this new xbox huge phone trend.kill me pls
I know this pain. I hope my 5S lasts me a while.
Planning on getting the R9 290 soon as an upgrade from my HD 6670.My price range is around £230, which can get me the MSI varient. Is this decent, or is there any better ones for the same price range? Pic related
>TDP: 275W
MSI has best R9 290(X) versions, followed by Sapphire. Don't get anything but this 2 for 290X, you can try other vendors for 290, but I don't advise it..
No, this is wrong.The Lightning is the best 290x, but it has no 290 variant. MSI's gaming coolers (like in OP's pic) are decidedly meh tier as they aren't good overclockers.To OP I say this: if you aren't overclocking pretty much any old 290 will do - all models can just about contain temperatures at stock slocks. If you plan to overclock (proper overclocking, so going to 1150mhz core territory) £230 isn't enough for a good 290.£230 for a 290 is a fantastic deal though.£260 will get you a tri-x 290 which will handle overclocking better, but the card is also a mile long. https://www.overclockers.co.uk/showproduct.php?prodid=GX-341-SP&groupid=701&catid=56&subcat=1752
do you have 1000w psu for that heat demon?
>grab R9 200>fan makes a horrible whining noise>virtually impossible to play anything without getting a headacheAMD? Never again!
You don't need 1000w psu for a 290 - hell depending on cpu a quality 600w will suffice.
I'm running a R9 290 + 4th gen i5 off of a 550W PSU, don't know why you would need something as overkill as that.
Seconding this. I have 2 variants of Sapphire's 280X: the twin Vapour-X and the Toxic. The Vapour-X stays cool and quiet whilst the Toxic touches 77C under load and sounds like a cat stuck in a vacuum cleaner.
>shill for nvidia>still don't get paid>virtually no reason to liveBeing a shill? I'd stop doing it if only my life meant anything.
Even a quality 600w is overkill.
thats because top card is always hotter in crossfire...
Nope, It was always like that before I got the second card.
Not so if said 290 was paired with a cpu like a 9370. Just the gpu and cpu alone would pull around 500w and you'd want some headroom.
Headroom for what? everything else you'd put in a computer would use negligible power. Even if you had 10HDDs and 10 fans, they will use 50W max because you won't ever be pushing the drives to 100% all at once and the fans use like 2.5W each on average.
Peak gpu draw - as per this image  while a 290 averages just over 200w it also peaks to just over 300. With a thirsty cpu that could very easily be 530ish watts under full load and thats dangerously close to a 550w psu.Now obviously that is just one scenario and while Intel chips get a lot thirstier than you think when overclocked, none of them come close to a 9370 or 9590 for power draw.
You can google some benchmarks. TF is really good on 290x.Tri-X is overhyped, it's a good cooler, but TF is quieter and cooler, Vapor-X might be cooler, but if you're going to drop premium cash on 290X, might as well get Lightning.It doesn't really matter for 290, both MSI and Sapphire will do the job just fine.
The twinfrozr cooler for the 290 is ripped straight off the 780 and the 290 is a different size.
I'd like a way to make the anonymous chat on happening not anonymous, any /g/ anon's know how to make this work?
>asking anon for help making something non-anonymous.does it hurt?
Building a new PC for my parents, how bad did I fuck up?
Do they play games?
swap the RAM for something cheaper
My dad plays racing games. My mom just normally plays flash shit.need the 2133MHz for dem gains tho
>two hard drives>over 1TBi guarantee they won't even use 10% of the storage. mine have had the same laptop for nearly 2 years and haven't even used 60GB of the storage yet
I share movies and TV shows with my dad, the 1tb is for that.
Either giving them Linux or pirating their shit. You are terrible offspring.
I'd probably just use a NAS for that, but that's just me
I have a windows 7 CD from back when it released.I don't live with them so a NAS would have to be a separate project. This seems easier.
>need the 2133MHz for dem gains thoGood lad.  I know with the AMD APUs like the A10 on your list, you basically want 2133Mhz; timings don't matter much.http://www.corsair.com/en-us/blog/2014/february/understanding-kaveri
>I have a windows 7 CDGood build. Maybe think about a 7700K instead of the 5800K if you really want it to last.
Right on, it's only $30 more.
Check your case, it can be difficult to put hardware to that microATX
would rather go for a8-7600https://pcpartpicker.com/part/amd-cpu-ad765kxbjaboxheres review of 6500http://www.anandtech.com/show/9217/the-amd-a8-7650k-apu-review-also-new-testing-methodologytoo much ram, they will make no use of 8GBtransfer that money to 256GB ssdalso BX100 might be cheaperno need for extra fans, single exhaust will be enough
I meant A8-7650k in both those instances
pretty much perfect, anonshould last them a good while
>I share movies and TV shows with my dad, the 1tb is for that.>transfer that money to 256GB ssdDot listen to these hotheads.  Keep the 1 TB hard disk and set up automatic backups of the SSD's contents to it.I have built many computers for friends/family and data loss is the worst anything.  Someone will eventually put something important/irreplaceable on this machine.  Also, having backups will save you having to reinstall everything if the SSD fails (SSDs like to fail suddenly and completely, too).>too much ram, they will make no use of 8GB>no need for extra fans, single exhaust will be enoughI do agree with these things tho.
>Dot listen to these hotheads. Keep the 1 TB hard disk and set up automatic backups of the SSD's contents to it.I never said that he should get rid of 1TB drive, the money from RAM the $30 would get ssd double in size...I see it as very poor investment to get 128GB ssdsure, its enough, maybe for parents even more so, but windows, basic programs, and everything will eat 50GB of that, plus take in to account that you want to leave 20% free for optimal speed....   its really almost in every situation worth getting 256GB, especially if parents will save everything on desktop...  it gives more breathing room
>the money from RAM the $30 would get ssd double in size...Oh, I dun goof'd.Man, SSDs are a lot cheaper now :3
to be honest, I don't see most people using up the 128gb on the ssd since most programs that normal people use aren't large
maybe, but for me thats what makes ssd worth it...they can keep lots of photos on ssd, making use of its speedthey maybe will install sims3 or sims4, make use of ssd for loading times and those games are aint small,...maybe someone would later on need some drive for notebook...  that 250GB ssd will feel much better there, giving oh so much more freedom, leaving the desktop with 1TB drive.the ~$30 is totally worth it IMO
Just buy them an Ouya. :-)
Is Stallman aware that he's seen as a living god on some parts of the internet?
he might know he's a meme, but that isn't exactly uncommon.
living god as in people laughing at this expense?he's not even that great of a programmer, certainly not a good public speaker/role model
>wrote the Linux kernel
>some partsYou mean /an/?
>RMS wrote the Linux kernelthanks for the kek
Except that that was Linus Torvaldsan hero
>he's not even that great of a programmer,Then why did he work in the MIT AI labs? What's wrong with his speeches?
I want to believe
What the fuck
We must first answer the question, "Is Stallman aware?"
We must first answer the question, "Is Stallman?"
We must first answer the question, "Stallman?"
returned true
He has been to /g/ and hates it.https://stallman.org/to-4chan.htmlHell, he even hates gentoo
that's just plain untrue regardless of whether you like the man or not.
>he even hates gentooOnly because muh freedumbs in the ebuilds and "Gentoo Linux".
Well, all his work is based around freedom, that's only natural.
>Wrote the superior emacs>Wrote the Hurd kernel, the most versatile and powerful kernel in the world
Basically no operating systems use Hurd. What good is a system that has no real world impact?

>Using irrelevant mainstream operating systems>Not Debian/HURDKek I bet you even use USB drivers
http://lwn.net/Articles/645862/rss>An anonymous reader has pointed out that Mandriva is currently being liquidated (page in French). The company brought in €553,000 in 2013, but that is seemingly not enough to keep it going in 2015. It is a sad end for a company that has been pursuing the desktop Linux dream since 1998.
Nobody cares.
>litterally having "y-year of the linux a-anytime" as your bussiness planLinux fags, when will they learn?
Hopefully that will happen with 90% of distros. Only then those autistic faggots can gather in one room and actually combine forces to make one decent OS instead of 1000 retarded ones
the less distros the better.
I don't care that much, but the first distro I used was Conectiva 6, before it merged with Mandrake. So much nostalgia...
>Only then those autistic faggots can gather in one room and actually combine forces to make one decent OSthat's not how it works.those devs will not work on things they have no interest in.
>those devs will not work on things they have no interest in.That's the reason linux desktop will never happen. They are all useless pricks that are not interested in the greater good.
Hardly surprising. I forgot that distro existed until now - if they don't advertise it then how are people meant to find it?
>le autismPeople fragmenting and fighting is normal human behavior.
>People fragmenting and fighting is normal human behavior.So is fucking in the ass. Does that mean devs should fuck in the ass while working?
I don't think fighting over decisions is quite the same idea as sodomy.
this, last i heard of mandriva was around the mid 2000's, and i've been using linux for several years now
don't worry it was already forked by the community as Mageia, which actually isn't that bad of a distro:working closely with upstream projects like Gnome (were on of their contributors is in a leadership position) and systemd (commit access).it's one of those European distros which aren't really well known outside of France. Like SUSE outside Germany.
For someone who knows C, is C++ worth learning now that we have Rust?
Rust is a hipster language. Absolutely worthless.
Rust is an SJW meme language
Most of what people say is different between C and C++ is stylistic. You can do just about anything in both.
no one wants to use a shitty memelang when C just werks
I seriously question anyone who needs more than 24 hours and a good reference to switch between languages.
He did a lot within 20 hours: https://plus.google.com/+nialldouglas/posts/AXFJRSM8u2t
Where are my Rust threads? Are the mods banning them?
>those average salarieslmao you guys are going to have one hell of a shock when you enter the real world
>C>Used to build operating systems and hardware>and hardware>hardware
>The best way>pythonThis needs to be Haskell instead.
>he doesn't know about hardware descriptive c
For someone who knows C, do you really need to spend a ton of time learning C++ anyway?
Everything about this image is fucking disgusting.
> JavaScript> Programming languageAlso, JavaScritpt is hard as fuck to learn to do anything complex in> PHP> Most popular 'web scripting language'no that's JavaScriptLearning C++ is 0.01% of 3D gaming. Most autists don't understand that nobody in the world knows how everything in a AAA game works.
>Big headache to those (developers) to manage them (codes)>them>codestriggered
Yes. By knowing C you just know the basics of C++, and that's not even counting all the things you will need to unlearn
because it puts things in perspective?
>There are people that took the time to learn C that didn't take the extra three days to learn C++>There are people that learn C++ that don't learn the new standards when they're implemented>There are people that know programming languages that don't learn the new standards when they're implementedKill yourself, OP
as long as it flares up your autism, kiddo.
this
> It takes three days to master oopKill yourself, too
>It takes 3 days to learn C++Why do I even browse this shitpile board
Can anyone provide some examples of when you would need http/https and other examples of when you would need URL stuff?That probably doesn't make any sense. Please let me explain.I have practicing with python. I am currently learning how to grab html from the websites of local news stations. I then parse the down downloaded html for weather info.I am using the library httplib2. I wasn't sure what the difference was between httplib2 and urllib2 so I Googled it. After reading some blogs/stackoverflow I have come to the understanding that:>If you're dealing solely with HTTP/HTTPs and need access to HTTP specific stuff, use httplib. For all other cases, use urllibx (note that urllib and urllib2 have different capabilities, thus are always used together).Fetching the weather forecast falls under the domain of HTTP specific stuff. What would be some examples that fall under "for all other cases"? What else is there to do besides GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE?Thanks.
https is just http but encrypted
what
you need HTTP when you want to transport data from webservers. its just a protocol for file operations really. https is TLS encrypted http traffic and you should always use it.in python you should use the requests library. it does pretty much whatever you want without bothering you much with the internals like TLS handshakes.Also for parsing of HTML you should use BeautifulSoup, check online for tutorials
Picked this laptop up last week (Everything has been wiped) for a steal ($350) because dust behind LCD displayIt's still fucking slow, running vidya with shit FPS, is it this devil Nvidia mobile graphics card?
install gentoo
wtf did you expect of a low-end mobile gpu?
>is it this devil Nvidia mobile graphics card?yes
>520MXHahahahhahahhahahaThe integreated gpu in your processor is about the same powerNicely done op, he ripped you off for 350$
did you really expect to play vidya on this shit?
>laptop>gaming>laptop>gaming>laptop>gaming>laptop>gaming>laptop>gaming>laptop>gaming>laptop>gaming>laptop>gaming
I've bought something with a better GPU power/perf wise for $280. You've been screwed.
It's Australia, 2gb ram intel i3 basic set you back $500
>paying 350 rupees for that crapEnjoy your buyer's remorse
Tell me what to buy for my laptop, American friend
>kangaroo landya dun goof'd
