The /g/ Wiki:http://wiki.installgentoo.com//g/ is for the discussion of technology and related topics./g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.For tech support/issues with computers:https://startpage.com/ or https://duckduckgo.com (i.e., fucking google it)https://stackexchange.com/http://www.logicalincrements.com/You can also search the catalog for a specific term by using:https://boards.4chan.org/g/searchwordAlways check the catalog before creating a thread:/g/catalogPlease check the rules before you post:https://www.4chan.org/rulesBegging for cryptocurrency is against the rules!To use the Code tag, book-end your body of code with:&#91;code] and &#91;/code]Abuse of the code tag may result in a ban.
I just got some new storage in the mail today (500 GB SSD and 3TB HDD) and was wanting to install the newest OS on the market, 8.1. Was wondering if I need a product key to run it for a day until I get one on the cheap, because I'm bored and just want to put them in my computer
No you do not immediately need a product key. I think 8.1 gives you a 1 month trial.
Highlights:Crossfire Profiles updates for:• The Witcher 3: Wild HuntPerformance Improvements for the following:• The Witcher 3 - Wild Hunt: Up to 10% performance increase on single GPU Radeon R9 and R7 Series graphics products• Project Cars - Up to 17% performance increase on Radeon R9 and R7 Series graphics productshttp://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/Pages/latest-catalyst-windows-beta.aspxBASED AMD
AMD didn't even have a driver for TW3? It ran fine on my 290. I guess GCN is based it doesn't even need drivers. Kek
I just wish they'd stop calling these releases "beta". It's the same they've always been, only without he WHQL certification, but it's making some uninformed idiots go around says "lol AMD hasn't released a driver since december".No GPU "needs" a driver to play a new game. AMD and Nvidia both release drivers to apply optimizations, not to enable playing.
GCN archetecture is significantly more powerful than CUDA arch. core to core is about the same but the AMD card always has a metric fuckton more of themthis allows AMD cards with bad drivers or even no drivers to Brute force a gamethe 280 series cards when they were the 7950 and 7950 had no drivers for the valley benchmark for a looooong time and without drivers they still ran only slightly slowert ahn their nvidia keplar counterpartsthen omega released drivers and their performance in than benchmark which was ok immediately jumped 25% I literally tested a 7950 with 14 series and then 15 series the the scored was exactly 125% of the previous oneeven without drivers AMd is in the race and with them they smoke Nvidia
i read a comment yesterday how fucked up the rendering architecture went by nvidia after fermievery game needs special optimisation for the specific  nvidia card version to workthis is why the 780 sucks ass against 280X in current gamespeople get jewed by them afterall
>GCN archetecture is significantly more powerful than CUDA arch.There is no CUDA architecture. CUDA is a GPGPU API.Also, there's already been four different Nvidia architectures that used CUDA, namely Tesla, Fermi, Kepler and Maxwell.
why do some of you go through so much trouble and money to play games? why not just use consoles. It just seems everythign is so difficult.
because i can't play star citizen while making music with fl studio on a console
I almost bought a 780ti instead of a 290x. I feel like i dodged a bullet.
Because consoles offer limited visual quality and framerate, no modding support, more expensive games and requires you to pay for internet twice. Thanks to the last two points, it's not actually cheaper in the long run either, just a lower cost upfront.
Hmm whatever works better. good I guess.just seems so much issue with the new expensive trendy GPu drivers and what works etc. it seems very time consuming as to just playing a ps4 or xbox.
Because despite all the shortcomings, even badly optimized games still run better  than console version in some way or another.
>it seems very time consuming>AMD releases a driver every 2 months>install it
>androplebs will never know that feel edition
Terrible b8 m8 try harder next time
>le bait maymayshow me better standby time on any android phone, I dare you.
Quit making shit up
I mean really, the guy even has 4chan open on one of his monitors in this show for fuck's sake. They use actual IP addresses, they talk about computers in terms that people that frequent this place can readily understand - the show isn't dumbed down in the slightest and it's accurate in terms of technical content.It's also basically about fucking over the system.How can this not be the talk of /tv/ right now?Are you people just fucking stupid or what?>the irony of having to check a box to confirm I'm not a robot when trying to create a thread about Mr. Robot is not lost on me, seriously>this is an awesome show and it's just going to get better as time passesIf there was ever a TV show that /g/ and even /tv/ could grasp and comprehend and think "Yeah, that's me..." this is it, kids.
Looks edgy and not at all based in reality.Maybe if I was 12 and still listened to Linkin Park.
It was pretty good, too bad he's a huge beta cuck
yea, I love movies where people in dark hoodies sit at their computer and hack the gibson while browsing dank memesF$ck the Systsem! x*D
>flick the system.?
Not from the U.S., will torrent it.
>isn't an overweight loser>doesn't just mope through the day doing nothingHow could anybody on 4chan relate to this?
Why are you shilling American TV on an anime board?  Go back to your employer and tell them it was suggested they think back on what they learned in marketing school about "target audience," and ask whether a group of people who have publicly opted out of brain-dead American shows are in your target demographic?
Domo arigato
"le look at me I'm so deep, I'm so edgy!" the tv show.why can't these cunts get autism and social retardation right. it isn't that the guy should be there twitching like he's a fucking epileptic, it would be more realistic if he just was standing by the side not taking interest in people around him or what those people do, and this fuck does the complete opposite of that autism. Also "hacking" jesus fuck
'cause this ain't a fucking "anime board" I suppose, and 4chan was directly featured on the pilot episode in several instances on the guy's fucking monitors I suppose.But anyway, fuck you and everybody that looks like you.
4chan was features on fox news as well, should we all start watching that now, Mr Murdoch?
fuq da systarm
watching it now anon. seems pretty good so far. i like the awkward dude Elliot, he doesnt come off as a knob just socially awkward. Was surprised to see Christian Slater in it. I thought it might make it kinda shit, you know all about him being a film star but hes pretty cool also. with halt and catch fire start again next week its pretty good time for decent geek shows.
USA premiered it online, you can watch it here.>http://www.comingsoon.net/tv/trailers/443271-usa-network-debuts-the-mr-robot-pilot-episode-online
This subtitle made me laugh.
kek even subtitle ain't here for this shit
Fuck this 2edgy4me BS. If you want a show about IT that's based in reality you should be watching Halt and Catch Fire.
well he DID play slater in the last 2 seasons of Archer, so you know he can be cool on TV
shouldn't you be off masturbating to 12 year olds or something?
>12 year oldsdisgusting, who'd masturbate to a grandma like that?
Uh, it doesn't actually air until the end of next month?Watching it later tonight, but I don't know why you're expecting hype for a USA show that hasn't even aired yet
I'll check out the pilot. I usually hate "hacker" characters, but I have nothing better to watch right now.
amazingthis show's just like Person of Interest only it's absolute shit
>show starts with the protag swatting a CP ring just because he feels like it>it's also basically about fucking over the systemwow, what world do you live indon't waste the bandwidth, it's shit
God forbid cable TV shows be ridiculous, dumb, and just for fun
sure if you like but OP seems to identify pretty strongly with the show, that just strikes me as abjectly pathetic so i'm trying to discourage it
I can't remember the last time I watched TV.>wrote smugly the guy who spends ~12h/day in front of the monitor
The entire of 4chan is anime. Just because you're new and don't like anime doesn't mean 4chan isn't about anime anymore
>4chan was directly featured on the pilot episodethis is supposed to be a good thing?
>Burgers still have TVsNo wonder your country is dumb as fuck
4chan has always been an anime site dumbass.
Get a load if these faggots. 4chan is /b/
4chan was founded to be an anime sitejust like the assholes who said "why does this anime shit belong on adult swim" cause thats what it was made forduh
>Launched on October 1, 2003, its boards were originally used for posting pictures and discussing manga and anime, as the site was modeled on Japanese imageboards. The site quickly became popular and expanded, though much of 4chan's content still features otaku, anime, and other Japanese cultural influences.>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4chan
Wow, a wiki link from a weeb. This changes nothing
> TV show Maybe my grandma watched it
Because shitposting in a thread about a TV show you didn't watch is much more productive than actually watching a show, amirite?
>The website began in 2003 as a forum for teenagers with an interest in Japanese comics, but quickly sprouted multiple message boards, the freak show of which is the infamous /b/ board.>http://www.theglobeandmail.com/technology/what-if-the-vigilantes-at-4chan-move-beyond-minor-acts-of-vengeance-and-mischief/article1379975/
The point -> .you
>4chan was started as a project by Christopher "moot" Poole, a user of a small IRC/DC community known as Raspberry Heaven, which was [then] composed of users from the "Anime Death Tentacle Rape Whorehouse" (ADTRW) sub-forum of The Something Awful Forums.http://www.4chan.org/faq#about
> They use actual IP addresseslol?Nonetheless the first ep was okay
I'm surprised you're not avatarfagging with pictures of a cartoon little girl
>.373seems legit
This is a technology board. TV shows are not technology. You want /tv/, /thingsoldpeoplecareabout/ or blog.aol.com

I don't particularly like anime, anon. The last one I watched was Lain and that was a few years ago now. But denying 4chan's past because "muh sekrit hecker club is less cool with animu" isn't something I'm going to do. Kill yourself.
>he hurt my fee-fees>better call him edgyshouldn't you also call him out on being a fedora?
dont you know, everything past 255 is sekrut hakker subnetbytesize does not apply to these guys.
>mfw they went past the .255 so that neets wouldn't start pinging that shit to oblivion
> not watching TV> edgyI don't use buggy whips either. Except when I'm with your mom
Everyone understands the issue right? You can't have a fully "legit" hacking show because then the only people interested are such a small portion of the possible viewers (who just pirate it). It always ends up getting dumbed down or hand-waved or Wargamed so everyone can follow along, which pisses off the nerds but keeps the show alive.
I know, I use a 3-state-qubit quantum system as well, but usually that is used with IPv9, which uses a three dimensional holographic address notation
>implying you're an alpha
>not just covering up the first part of the address>hand.133.7.88
That's too cliche, normies don't know about the .255 part so it's okay.
USA Network literally shilling 4choonDignitas minimus
>fee-feesthat's not even okay to say when you're trying to make fun of someone.
>Mr. Robothow and why on earth would you even consider person of interest a good show ? it's episodic as fuck , same shit every episode don't ya get bored ?
>it's episodic as fuck , same shit every episodeooh, look who only watched half the first seasonyeah seasons 1 and 2 are kinda mehseason 3 is fantastic and 4 is even better
the show has so many feels. he just wants to protect his friends from the world. ;_;
so is this social network style poster the go to for everything computer related nowalso I'll keep watching because I think it's that gay kid from that show war at home
fuck are they gonna keep using those shitty posters for everything computer related?Please tell me he doesn't talk like a fag just like he did in war at home.
not really, he talks a bit more confidently and less stuttery and weirdstill sounds a bit gay though but in a not very annoying way
>browsing 4chan frontpageFount the redditor
>popular images>robotdid they shill here when making the series or just simple photoshop? i saw /g/ having a thread there with the first word being Robotalso THIS
Who is this Four Chan?
>that's my childhood friend Angela>female friend>childhood friend who didn't bail on him>claims to have social anxiety>mfwMight as well say, "that's my future love interest"
WHAT YEAR IS IT?
I gotta say, this is one of the best things I have ever watched.You can watch the first full episode for free on YouTube.Thank you anon.
Well all that means is that there are definitely shills in this thread.
[Edgy] meme, 4chan in a chromium tab, 2 simultaneous threads on /tv/ and /g/ praising how good it is despite ebin shutin haker bangin' hot grilz :D !> We want the 4chan audience.Hang yourself.
why is there a picture of eminem trying to look like dark anikin skywalker
I prefer CSI:Cyber.
>manlet nigger with dog name>dawson's creek guy>i see ghosts womanYeah no, even mr.robot's gay actor is better than that.
I just watched the pilot. It was good, but it reeked fedora cyberpunk bullshit.
>2 task bars>Google instead of DuckDuckAlso, Is that fucking talos principle?
I think there was some guy who made this stuff that appears on screen for the show, and he used 4chan as an "easter egg" becouse he comes here
looks like an edgy verison of the le bazinga guymite watch
Kek
>the characters actually had a conversation about linux and DE's>main fag character uses GNOME>evil bizniz assistant uses KDE>mfw
wow this show is terrible
>drops a lit fatty joint just because some girl needs his help
Real techies don't have conversations like that. [spoiler]They don't really have conversations at all.[/spoiler]
I'll probably watch it, eventually. Do I have to wait 10 weeks or whatever for them to trickle out each episode before I can binge watch it? Because I'll have forgotten about it by then.
your underage /v/ is showing
just watch the piloti dont think you'll want to finish it
Fuck just can't take him serious after that TV show where his character was an awkward gay foreigner. Still at half of the pilot, watchable so far.
Watching it later, might as well.
calm down son
That show's gay.
I thought this was going to lead up to Mr. Robot asking for a job in order to keep quiet about the CP ring.
how weak is your poorcessor?

Not as much as you kid. Get off the internet before you get hurt.
>Chris PC Anonymous Proxy Pro
You're v ery odd OP.Always same pic. same winamp. only 1 weaboo song.Cannot tell if trolling or just weird.but anyway. whatt's your speccy?
there you go
Old Thread: If you can't be bothered to:>search it>lurk moar>git gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/small/stupid questions here, ONCE.DO NOT BUMP THE THREAD, You are NOT entitled to an answer.Please read the sticky before posting Redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread, HEREUse >/g/sqt as a link to find the SQT thread
what's with the stupid off-topic webms in /sqt/ OP lately?
What are the best measures to ensure good privacy on an Android device?- Rom/system configurations- privacy apps-Browsers/mail clients/ messaging apps-Networking Firewalls, vpn's, proxys
After the backup, should I go with just factory reset? Or should I go with a custom ROM or update to Lollipop?
Should I stick with my Phenom II 955 or move to a Haswell Pentium?
you serious?if yes, yeah stick to phenom, you got there pretty capable 4 cores, pentiums are dual cores with pittiful performance hindred by reduced instruction setsyou would need to go i3, i5 to be worth it, but at this time it might be worth it wait 4 months for skylake
both garbage. get a proper CPU
Do the Teensys respect my freedom?The loader doeshttps://github.com/PaulStoffregen/teensy_loader_clibut I'm wondering about the actual hardware.I can find no mention of them on h-node or the libreplanet wiki.I never again want to make the mistake of buying harmful hardware.
Gaymen PC Babby here. What are the guidelines on adding additional RAM? Considering adding some with my upgrade I'll be doing sometime soon. Can I just mix and match any RAM as long as they share the same clock speed? Do they have to be the same brand/model/GIG configuration?For reference, my motherboard has four dual-channel RAM slots, two of which are occupied.
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/6zpQvKAnything is apreciated
What do I need to specify in youtube-dl settings in order to pipe the video into my video player?I'm on Windows if that helps.
Is it possible to make files from the external D: drive initially go to a recycling bin when deleted? If so, how?It's a Micro SD card
Ok, I have the Sprint Version of the Galaxy S4 (SPH-L720)Can I install Lollipop from the Russian version for the I9500?
So I got this iphone but it's locked to an icloud account, anyone know how I can reset it?  There should be an easy fix somehow right?
Go for an R9 290X instead. Better performance for the same price or cheaper depending on the manufacturer. Also you don't need that many fans, but if your case allows it, why not. Everything else seems fine.
The fans maybe seem an overkill but I like the color scheme and I have 1 installed right now its silent but effectiveFirst I´m gonna buy the cpu+mobo and in like 3 months gonna buy the gpu, the 290X seem a good option But when its supossed to arrive the 300 series? Or the new Nvidia Lineup?

Old thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/Private_trackersHow to get into private trackers (and survive): http://pastebin.com/ecGRiQhkWhat.CD Interview Notes: http://pastebin.com/dWBU7ZXshttps://www.whatinterviewprep.com/Use https://boards.4chan.org/g/#s=ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ threadRemember the following:>staff read these generals and have posted here before. >staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangers>people report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.>most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a faggot. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
same here, KG was my biggest disapointementon the other hand I love CG, easy to build buffer, actually watched and liked some movies I snatched randomly just for ratio purpose, and overall good vibe on the site
Everybody knows KG is a mess. I upload there once in a while just to make sure they have new indie movies.
so what caused this to happen?
seems like people aren't even bothering with it anymore, some downloads stay at 1 or 2 snatches max, nobody cares about the bumped.
KG needs to go Gazelle or it's going to die in less than a few years. It gets worse every year and the staff doesn't do shit about it.
He was being an idiot on the forums, filing loads of false and/or useless bug reports.I told him to stop, bitched him out, but didn't even give him a formal warning.Immediately after, he decided, "I'll go into IRC and mock the admin who yelled at me, THAT'S a good idea."I have zero tolerance for that kind of idiocy. He's only banned from that IRC channel, anyway. He still has his account.
Lol what do you expect from members of "big titties tracker"?
Nothing.But that doesn't mean I won't ban them if they're retarded.
Tips on buffering ratio on AHD?
How does one screw up a bug report? Now I'm curious.Well I hope I'm being more helpful. Oppai Time is actually the tracker I'm participating the most in.
Set up auto-dl for internals.
>How does one screw up a bug report? Now I'm curious.For example, reporting that pages are broken that are literally on the roadmap that says "we haven't touched this page yet and we're fixing it soon."Reporting features as bugs, such as using the same tag multiple times increasing the strength of that tag. And then we tell him it's not a bug. And they he says NO GUYS REALLY YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND IT'S A BUUUUUUG.And also just reporting bugs that are entirely user error.
I feel like I've made some pretty dumb posts there myself. Although, I'm not filling up the bug reports forums, just asking dumb questions.
It's easy as fuck to build buffer on KG, I got 5TB buffer in 6 months without any effort. But yeah, the layout/design sucks.
I have reported mistagged torrents on the site. What is the proper avenue for bug reports? Staff PM or the forums?I think it's okay to ask. The worst I saw was how the suggestions thread almost turned into a discussion over archived torrents.
If you've got a bug report (not a reported torrent), use the Bugs forum.If it's something security critical ("Hey I just figured out how to dump your password db") for the love of god don't post it there, though. PM a Sysop.
You don't have to explain yourself all the time, you know. /ptg/ holds literally no power in the real world.
This. Autodl for anything 50%, 75% and 100% (rare) freeleech and let them site for ages. Also, cross seed from other trackers.
Doesn't hold any power anywhere, honestly.
He was just answering a simple question someone asked. No one was demanding answers with pitchfork in hand.
I'm not defending myself. I'm bitching about stupid users. Which is fun, honestly.I don't give a rat's ass if /ptg/ thinks I'm a tyrant. It's not my problem.
>thread almost turned into a discussion over archived torrents.I still don't even understand why that was worth discussing at all, I mean it's all the same files, why do people even care what container it comes in provided it's not something retarded like tar.bz
can we talk about how seedboxes are the cancer?
Do you enjoy downloading at 10KB/s?
If you are streaming your files from your seedbox with plex they will take up twice the space if they are archived.
Just wanted to remind everyone 312cuck is going to go down soon.
Sure. Thanks for clarifying.
Is there any way to find and sort torrents by the leechers number on AB?
I never even thought about doing that, I just fill my seedbox up with popular shit that gets good upload, not stuff I actually want.
>Just wanted to remind everyone 312cuck is going to go down soon.Lol keep dreaming, obsessed loser. There's nothing more pathetic than somebody obsessed with a mod.
Explain
Just assmad ipt staff
Hi 312cuck, how's Florida?
are you on auto snatch ? I never understand how some torrents on that site get popular compared to others I built my buffer with the freelech ones.
lol your that same anon who keeps defending him every single thread, and you still think it's the same guy that hates him>312cuck confirmed
yeah, good thing we have staff to think about things for you and make rules that forbid uploading archived crap so you don't fuck other people with your silly preferences
You wish I were him. Stay obsessed, loser. It's not a huge surprise that there's more than one obsessed loser here.
Somebody got an oppaitime invite to spare?2bHhZT0WeUkimfpP@cock.li
Freeleech picks aren't that good to build buffer on KG since they limit the upload. You can use auto-dl/rss for new indie/arthouse film releases, those usually give tons of upload.Other than that just download anything on the first page that has 5+ leechers.
you going to promote helpful people into staff members or something?
HAHAHA
yes there is.
people wanting something like that is the only reason I can come up wth for this drama the tracker's been generatingmaybe you guys should go invite only already.
The only thing that should be unarchived is movies/anime.And I don't know any that archives videos in the first place. Manga on AnimeBytes/ex-Panda is archived, so that's not really even an argument. Most manga readers can read  archives directly by temporarily offloading it somewhere.
>maybe you guys should go invite only already.except it is invite only..they haven't done an open registration yet
It's invite only tho.
except there are actual archived movies/anime on the tracker lmao, look for it and you'll find them>Manga on AnimeBytes is archived, so that's not really even an argumentno its not dumbass, it's allowed on both formats and the unarchived version pretty much always has more snatches and more seeders>Most manga readers can read archives directly by temporarily offloading it somewheredoesn't matter>invites anyone from 4chanliterally open reg
>i got in already>guys shut the doors
literally this
> it's allowed on both formatsno shit.doesn't mean people use it>unarchived version pretty much always has more snatches and more seedersNo the fuck it doesn't. If anything, it's just about even. The difference is so small it's not even worth talking about. >doesn't matterdoes matter. if software can read the archive(which is better on space and doesn't choke the HDD with a billion little files), then archive it
>if software can read the archive(which is better on space and doesn't choke the HDD with a billion little files), then archive iti already do, my file system does it automatically for all files and much better than your shitty zip faggotry can ever hope to be, i don't need you faggots introducing any extra overhead, disabling standard filesystem access, removing the ability to download only the pictures i want/need and requiring specific programs just to display a bunch of pictures all just because of your dumbass autism
>They're people still arguing over unarchived or archivedDidn't we already settle this?
> my file system does it automatically for all files and much better than your shitty zip faggotry can ever hope to beDoes what automatically?You're saying it's better for your file system to read over 1 million files vs 10k? >removing the ability to download only the pictures i want/needThis isn't even a point. You need to download the complete set else it'll be counted as a HnR(once implemented), so your whole 'im a selfish shit that doesn't care about maintaining a pure collection for other people' can go fuck itself. who the fuck even pick and chooses pictures from a fucking manga anyway?If ex-panda automatically archives all their galleries for download(as in there is no fucking option to download them without it being in a zip), then obviously it's not some big deal to leave it unarchived like you claim
It's cute how you think you know about hard drives and filesystems
Clearly unarchived tbh
I'd rather have indian shitposting than more of this faggy argument
It's cute how this is your only response.More proof unarchive fags are retards.
>You're saying it's better for your file system to read over 1 million files vs 10k?What?The only files that get read are files you open. The fuck are you talking about?Files sitting on some random part of your hard drive don't get read for no reason, no matter how many of them there are.
>The only files that get read are files you open
>mfw you have no idea how a disk or a filesystem works.Do you think your filesystem is just reading random-ass bits from your disk all the time?The only argument you can draw from "number of files" is one based on inodes, but that's hardly a concern.
><~azathoth> spaghetti: I have to be specific with these people. Some of them are exceptionally stupid.isn't this the same guy that fucked up cloud flare, causing every torrent to be invalid.real bastion of intelligence right here
I don't know how you've managed to avoid using "find" all theses years.
>fucked uplol, come back when you understand how cloudflare works, kiddo. Then you'll understand why the tracker URL had to be changed.
>that fucked up cloud flare, causing every torrent to be invalidWhat? The torrents were invalidated because the domain for the tracker was changed.
Everytime you check how much disk space you have, it needs to index all your files.Everytime you use something like AngrySearch or Everything, it needs to index files.Everytime you seed a file, it needs to be read.I can go on and on.
>Everytime you check how much disk space you have, it needs to index all your files.You're retarded
>kiddo
Indexing doesn't involve opening files idiots. It's just reading inodes
You're retarded.
>Everytime you check how much disk space you have, it needs to index all your files.That's not true at all. The index is already built.Well, I guess maybe that's not how it works on a shitty OS like Windows with a shitty filesystem like NTFS. I wouldn't know.>Everytime you use something like AngrySearch or Everything, it needs to index files.Why are you running searches that include directories you'd never need to search? Also, again, the index is already built on any decent file system.>Everytime you seed a file, it needs to be read.Boohoo, you need to seed a whole 30 extra files. Surely your disk will choke.
Where did I say it involved opening files? Please, point to the exact sentence in which I said 'indexing requires the file to be opened'
thats not the issue.The issue is that if you allow only archived version but don't enforce a rule of screenshots of some pages then anons have to grab the entire manga zip when in order to see if its even the correct one. Making it a zip is shit for people who maybe only want to grab a couple of pages and instead have to grab the entire manga
You will never notice a performance impact from having to read even a couple hundred extra inodes.And that's all it'll be. Your average unarchived manga is going to be under 100 pages, so unless you're literally seeding thousands of them, this is entirely a non-issue.You're insane.
>Boohoo, you need to seed a whole 30 extra files. Surely your disk will choke.>What is exponential growthNow try seeding 20,000 manga with '30 extra files'.
>20,000 mangapffffffff
Funny, I just acidentally created 1.5 million files. While listing the contents of that directory took like 20 seconds, everything else was still working and my file system doesn't seem to be damaged.
Can you tell me please?
Do you think 600,000 files is a lot to handle for any computer?
That is not exponential growth.That's linear growth.
>unless you're literally seeding thousands of them, this is entirely a non-issue.Hey guess what?We're in a private tracker general, which probably involves you know, torrenting and seeding shitWhat the hell did you think the purpose of this argument was for? Are you that stupid?
remember when you weren't such a self rightous fag?So you went from being a nice, helpful, friendly, sysop to an utter cunt in what? A couple of weeks?
Which is more favorable, 60 files or 600k?This is a simple question.
>remember when you weren't such a self rightous fag?No
unarchived v. archived fags ask yourself this question:Why do game developers use Plastic SCM instead of Git?[spoiler]File systems are terrible at handling hundreds of thousands of object and transactions.[/spoiler]
Uh, what?Do you see the arguments these people are having in this exact thread? It's a bunch of people on a technology board who can't even agree how their computer works.Do YOU trust their intelligence?And pardon me for not responding with a kiss on the lips when someone (who has no idea what they're talking about) openly attacks me.
Seriously, the only argument for unarchived is streaming, which i imagine most people aren't exactly trying to remotely stream their fucking cartoon porn on the go.
>hurr durr let's ignore arguments60 files is favorable to 600k files. Marginally. *Very* marginally. Much less so than "being able to use whatever viewing software I want" or "not needing to keep multiple copies of the same data" are favorable to "being restricted to software with archive viewing capabilities" or "keeping multiple copies of the same data"
Most autistic argument of the year award goes to this general.
what about removing everyone's invites without a single explanation and when asked in here you respond with a one liner snide commentthat just smacks of what.cd tier bullshit
>what about removing everyone's invites without a single explanationNobody was supposed to have invites in the first place
I removed invites for a bunch of reasons.For starters, I never planned to have new users getting any invites in the first place, let alone five of them. It was a mistake, but I really didn't care that much.The real problem was when people were indian shitposting, and people were actually claiming to be sending them invites. I don't want that cancer on my site.I still give out invites. I've given SEVERAL people extra invites. All you have to do is ask me for them.
why can't you just be more cool like spaghetti?
wow you actually believed that indian saying he wanted invites for his 5 uncles and brothers with 15 random mailinator accounts?You're even more retarded than I thought.

When did I say I believed them?They were posting emails.People were claiming to be sending invites to them.Immediately after many of these posts, there were invites on record as being sent to those emails.That is bad. So I stopped it.Again, it's not like I'm trying to stop users from inviting people. Just tell me you want to invite someone and I'll throw you an invite. It's not even a big deal.
alsono one was indian shitposting in your forums. only on here. if people start talking about selling invites and using mratio in here will you just ban random accounts?
>if people start talking about selling invites and using mratio in here will you just ban random accountsProbably yeah.
bullshit.no one sent invites to those obvious b8 emails.
>Removing my god given right to use mratioFuck you
So are there invite threads on bibliotik?
You dont even need to maintain a ratio, and probably wont for another 2-3 months
Why would you mratio on a tracker with no ratio requirements
I mean, if that's what you want to tell yourself.>if people start talking about selling invites and using mratio in here will you just ban random accounts?Sure, why not?
I didn't even notice the invites were removed on oppai. Shows how much I care, I guess.Did you finally decide on a ratio system?
so if you will invite anyone why not reward the oldfags on your tracker with some invites. Hell even a token invite per account would be nice. But whatever Im just trying to help you out.
>Did you finally decide on a ratio system?I have no idea what they decided on. Definitely not ratioless though
>oppaitime>oldfags
>why not reward the oldfags on your tracker with some invitesFirst of all I can guarantee that you wouldn't be an oldfag if we decided to do that.Second of all, why? We give invites to anyone who asks. If you want to invite someone, just tell them to get in irc for 12 seconds and ask for an account.It's going to be some kind of ratioless when we're done getting the site working. For now it's ratio'd with no ratio requirements actually enforced.
>Immediately after many of these posts, there were invites on record as being sent to those emails.[proof required]
>oldfagsIt's been open a few weeks.Also, it's because the site is still in alpha, and I'd like to control registration fairly tightly.I don't mind inviting most people from /ptg/, since it's a general about nothing but private trackers, and I can be reasonably sure you understand how a private tracker is supposed to work and can provide worthwhile input and suggestions.What I don't want is people inviting their friends because "HEY DUDE IT'S GOT CHINESE TITTIES". That's not helpful. At all.As I've said before, when the site is more feature complete, I'm going to be more liberal with invitations. At that point, it's not about helpful input, it's about content.>Definitely not ratioless thoughWhere did you get that idea?Yeah, no. I'm not digging through logs just to please someone on /g/. Deal w/ it.
This.At least tell which account invited them. I find that very hard to believe. 90% of those weren't even real addresses.
why wouldn't I be an oldfag?
What's your account ID
He is full of shit. Now he is backpedalling because he got called out on his bullshit.
2-50historically the first 50 members are always oldfags
>all this retarded shitChrist, you people are fucking dumb. If I was Oppai Time admin, I'd have banned archives just because the people that use them are all dumb kids like you.>muh IOpsBuy a SSD you cuck.
Not only that, but why not just punish the 1 guy inviting them instead of taking everyone's invites? That's overkill,and yeah I believe they're bullshitting. Oh well
>2-50So you're probably like what, 48 or something?>historically the first 50 members are always oldfagsIsn't that convenientNo. We're not giving invites to two thirds of all users just because you decided they and their two week old accounts constituted oldfags
What exactly is he referring to?
Why does this even fucking matter. The admins have already said if you want invites just fucking ask them or send your friend to irc. This is such a non-issue holy fuck.
>I'd have banned archivesSo, you'd ban an entire useful format that nearly every tracker site uses for content, just because something isn't exactly the way you want it.Good thing you don't run anything. You clearly aren't capable.
Pretty much this
>useful formatlolGo upload archived music on What.CD kid.>muh 600k flac files, 60 zips would be better
Who's responsible for the whole minimalist design thing that's enveloped the entire tech industry?
Cheap jews who dont wabt to pay for ports
It's been a thing ever since google chrome and tablet computers became a thing.It's only been a problem ever since minimalism started being mistaken for stripped features and form over function interfaces
Windows 8
hipsters with thick glasses who think CSS/HTML is the same thing as C++/Java
Design trends.They've been evolving since the history of mankind.
Apple tbh
based uriel
/thread
is all that extra detail in skeuomorphism necessary
UX so called "engineers"
>yfw windows phone is classy as fuck actually.
It's Bauhausian digital design. It's a good thing.
I blame AppleI hate itno it's not
Microsoft started the trend with Metro, which began with the Zune and then went mainstream with Windows 8.

Yeah, features are never to be sacrifised for minimal design.Blame Tablets and other portable devices with the small screens
explain why you need skeumorphic doodads and how they help functionality
hail satan
Thanks. Things can be minimal and focused on indicating their function visually without being ugly.
developers developers devlopers developers
Jobs faggotry kept the dumb physical-world-approximation going for far too long. He eventually relented and Ives did his thing.http://appleinsider.com/articles/12/09/11/apple_designers_reportedly_divided_over_use_of_skeuomorphic_uisApple Game Center was the ugliest, dumbest looking thing ever. Look at this shit, saying you want this garbage back is a meme
True.It looks very tacky, almost faux — trying to imitate the real world.No need need for that. It's better to have a good looking design language that fits right in with technology.
skeuomorphism has always been a tacky gimmick that's vanished now that people aren't only looking at 20" lcd panels anymore.
Piet Mondriaan is.
I like it. It's easy to design, lightweight and scalable. I'll take a 15kb page with emphasis on readability over a 500kb mess of badly compressed jpegs any day.
i prefer buttons and links to look like them, not text with boxes next to other text with boxes that arn't buttons or links
In software? MS maybe. But no one cares about MS. people were hating minimalism on WP and Windows, it became a real thing when Apple used it, because Apple can do no wrong and best at design.
Developers, Developers, Developers.Most developers can't draw, so we get Minecraft-like art and pseudo-8-bit memes.
Mobile devices. Complex shit looks too cluttered and is harder to use with shitty tiny touch screens. But it's garbage for desktops.
It was before the tablets, I think it was first an ios version cant remember which that introduced this stupid thing, everyone was moaning, then android followedMetro happened sometime after ios thingy because ms clearly introduced metro to copy apple shit single color menus and everything thats opposite of aero/bring touch interfaceI blame mostly apple and ms (win8, metro), android is simply copying apple
>Apple was first
so you mean it is like systemdstarted in a place no one cared, and everyone laughed at itit then spread and will one day explode and we will have 10 years of regression to do
Microsoft. The one time the industry decides to follow Microsoft and its by using a stupid design trend. Don't get me wrong, it looks nice, but functionally its not all there.
All good design is minimalist. Having more than you need is a really recent phenomenon. Throughout history, minimalist was just considered the norm. It didn't even have a name.
There is the toolThen there is crowding designThen there is minimalism
Microsoft is
> liked GoNothing of value was lost.
fucking top lel. /g/ used to be in love with minimalistic design. fuck, thats the entire reason why this site circle jerks around linux so much. but now that minimalistic is 'hip', you insecure shitheads suddenly hate it. fuckingtoplel
No, the minimalism on /g/ (as in desktop threads) is personally doneIt hides features and adds paths that make sense to the creator/userThe mainstream minimalism is not cherished by the user like thatThe mainstream is also making things look all the same and therfore confusing/g/ minimalism is only exactly what the person wants, and the features and tools not there are by choice of the usermainstream minimalism remove tools that some use as a way of lifetl;dr - /g/ minimalish is what the user wants so no tools are missing
>Metro happened sometime after ios thingyAre you fucking serious nigger? Windows Phone 7 was out about a year before the first io7 screenshots were released. Apple even used screenshots of Windows Phone 7 UI as an example of how good UI design could be done without copying Apple in their court case against samsung.All this "flat design" shit started with Zune and Windows Phone. More so with Windows Phone, that's when flat design started to become trendy.
you sound like a complete fucking idiot. stay insecure you piece of shit. I cringe at the fact that you're literally going to be spending the rest of your pathetic life complaining about mainstream things on the internet. you have been doing so for probably the last decade, you are doing it now, and you aren't going to stop until you die of heart failure. have a good one my man.
this is absolutely true, Ives started to get super frustrated when MSFT basically beat Apple to the punch in terms of stripping down the aesthetic on mobile.
its not cool to make things up and lie.
/g/ is full of contrarians who like one thing and then hate it the minute it becomes mainstream. They're no different from the hipsters who ditch an artist when they get more than 1,000 fans.
>3 years ago >"hurr everything is cluttered and looks like shit fucking tryhard designs wtf make shit simplier" >now>"hurr everything is too simple i want something not user friendly so casuals cant fucking use it durrrrrrr"
it makes it look more appealing
>/a/
I really don't know why. No one give a fuck about Metro and hates Modern. At the same time iOS flat aesthetic and MD are really popular.
its 4chan as a whole, or to an extent most of the internet. it bugs the shit out of me every fucking time though but I guess it cant be helped when the majority of the internet is apart of a generation where everyone is desperately fighting to be as unique as possible.
I like minimalism when it means less code, not when it means hiding features but becoming more bloated.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with minimalism when it's done correctly (plasma5 for example). What microsoft did was hurrr let's ditch all the functionality more-advanced-than-average-consumer-retard needs deeper in the OS since they don't access it at all and put a solid block of colour with touchscreen oriented buttons for the rest.
No one fucking started it you dumbshits. Minimalistic design is literally the fucking goal of design and always has been for god damn millenia.
>he actually thinks this is fucking true
>Minimalistic design is literally the fucking goal of designYou are literally retarded.
Uh...this is bait, right? This has to be bait. Noone is this dumb.
But is it necessary? You can indicate the same function with less detail.
That's highly subjective. Swiss and Bauhaus design has been popular for the past 60 years for a reason.
>he thinks opinions are true or false
That isn't really fair. This isn't a dichotomy between Game Center and the current flat solid colors. You can have slight 3D effects, gradients, and other skeuomorphic elements that look good.The absurd levels of skeuomorphism Apple reached just before Jobs died were appalling, but 3D buttons are still pretty cool.
he's right. As Einstein once said>everything should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.This is the heart of all good design.
do you really think the goal of design is to make things more convoluted, confusing, cluttered, etc?with designing ANYTHING from fucking ancient buildings to websites to code to farm structures, the goal of designing something is to make it simple and minimalistic.
then explain how Google keeps fucking up Android with every other version
they don't. you just like hopping on the "everything new is bad" bandwagon because you're insecure.
Because Google is shit at design.
It's easier to create minimalist graphics when you have no artistic skill.
> trying to imitate the real worldno shit, jobs loved skeuomorphism, he'd be rolling in his grave id he could see the rainbow fairy shit they are rolling with now
>SIMPLE IZ BAD GUIZ LEZZZ MAEK ERYTHIG CONFUZZAN XDDDD
>yfw job's death actually made apple better
>jobs loved skeuomorphismThere's nothing wrong with skeuomorphism, it has it's own merits. Though apple UI was often skeumorphic, it has also strived to be as minimalist and simple as possible. Skeuomorphism shit just started to look very dated when Windows Phone 7 came out.
>apple pushes skeuomorphism>windows phone and android have better UIs >apple discards skeuomorphism
Microsoft. First zune, then WP7, then windows 8.
> with designing ANYTHING from fucking ancient buildings to websites to code to farm structures, the goal of designing something is to make it simple and minimalisticEven Karim fucking Rashid would disagree with you. Personally, Bauhaus-ian, simple / "minimal" design is my personal aesthetic, but to think ornamentation is not a "thing" -- what planet do you live on? This is literally something you learn day 1 of Industrial Design 101, only you're not really learning it on day 1 BECAUSE IT'S FUCKING OBVIOUS. Ever step inside a cathedral or walk around a department store?Can't believe you got me with that shitty bait. Damnit.
Game Center's just the worst example of it. 3D buttons can have a role if they help the user to understand it's a button, for instance - that sort of stuff is what user testing is for.Gradients aren't really considered skeuomorphic unless the gradient is a feature of the physical thing the designed item is intended to represent (i.e., a grey gradient that represents metal)
the zeitgeist
Speaking of the Lumia 800, is there a WP8 that is similar to that? Mostly in form factor and having a separate button to take photos. All the WP8 phones I saw look much different, or are fuckhuge expensive superphones.
sorry guys i can't help it but i just love minimalism and symmetry.. it's just so pleasing
Man, Lumia 800. I almost jizzed my pants when I saw that phone.I wanted WP Lumia ever since. Never got one to this day.
1. Your country2. How much is your cell phone bill each month?pic unrelated
Polandequivalent of 6-7$
denmark600min talk/unlimited mms,sms/20GB LTE data/free talk and sms to people on same network.about $15
Switzerlandunlimited everythingabout $95
Amerilandunlimited everthing 70 usd
About $50 a month with T-Mobile. Used to have AT&T, those were dark times.
usaunlimited45$
canadaused to be $60 before I cancelled it
1. MY2. abt 8.5 EU
SwedenApproximately 4.71 USD
Chile40usd
Sweden$11 (99,- SEK)Free calls, free sms, 24 gb 4g.
USPay as I go (Ting)About $30
What the fuck provider do you have? Also usalwaysUnlimted talk, text, and 6 gigs data 120$
BurgerlandUlimited EverythingMessages and Calls to Mexico.$30 USD
USA$80unlimited minutes/unlimited texts/unlimited 4G (no speed cap)T-mobile prepaid
France2€Unlimited talk and text
And 5GB hotspot
USunlimited text and voice, no data - $10
Spain1gb max speed then 64 Kbps no charge, plus 100 minutes talk€ 7,25
France 2€ or 2.18 USD
Austria 10€ (1000min/sms + 3000gb)I'm going to move to Germany soon and I'll miss the cheap phone/internet prices here.
Italy20€ (8gig data)
holly fuck why the prices are so high in burgerland??
because ISP's are super ultra mega jews herealso you can cover half of europe with 1 tower
£15Unlimited Texts500min calls - I use about 50 p.mUnlimited 3G data
Bulgaria400 min + 4000mb$8
2nd world no-countryabout $3 (a few calls, texts, checking email)
denmarksame as this guy but 2 dollars cheaper
Sweden$30Unlimited LTE data, make calls and sms for the paid amount @ about 7 cents per minute so bill can be higher if you're on the phone a lot (I never am)
CANADA29$ / month + tax600 MB of dataunlimited text to anywhere in the worldcalling within canada limited to 150, 250, or 450 cant rememberevery extra 600 MB is $10
Hey kompis what plan is that
Romania €2 for:>100 national and international minutes (unlimited for carrier's network).>unlimited data, first 3 GB at 21.6 Mbps, after that 128 kbps DL and 64 kbps UL.>0 texts.
Israel18$ per monthUnlimited calls and texts5GB of Data (LTE if your phone supports)Any extra data above that costs another 5$~ per 1GB LTE coverage here is pretty spotty so i get HDSPA+ 70% of the time, even in my house.Yes yes /pol/acks your favorite race is here.
UK£35 - pays for phone (Galaxy S III, contract is nearly up though), 1000 mins, unlimited texts and 1GB of 3GWith who?
America 120/ month
Freedomland$30 for unlimited errything
Canadaw/ Koodo$25/monthUnlimited Data + TextingHad this plan for about six ish years
MexicoLike $6.50 every 3 months? (prepaid plan)
How in the ever loving mother of fuck did you manage to get that?Koodo will not budge on anything with me.
The plan was a deal if you bought like two phones with Koodo. I got a phone and so did my sister. The plan was "grandfathered" out years ago, and they still haven't asked me to change
PolandEquivalent of 4.40$
1. France2. 20€ (19.99€...)unlimited calls + texts + 3GB over 4G(SFR Red 3go for my fellow frenchfags)
Germany4€ for 50min/50sms/1GB internet
UK, £15. 200 minutes but who uses a phone to talk, 5000(?) texts, unlimited data. Three.
pd t'es chez free à faire la sangsue sur le réseau des autres va mourir
Germany; between 9 and 18 cents.
USAUnlimited talk & text. 16GB 4G data.$4.99
Canada$38 w/ unlimited text and 200gb data
lol meant 200mb
>cette rage
Hollandistan15 yurobux
1. Pooland2. 6 eurit's a "family deal" since my parents and my sister are using the same operator.I just pay for my part, so unlimited messaging, unlimited calls and 25GB/month of data
Romania20€ for unlimited SMS and calling, 1000 EU minutes, 250 international minutes and 4096MB LTE.
Romania4 eur - unlimited talk national, international and data
Hueland22 USD for 2GB 4G connection, 45 min for calls and unlimited sms
Nan mais au fond je m'en fous j'aurais bien fait comme toi, mais vu que c'est pas moi qui paie, jm'en tape pas mal
USA$190/month, there's three people on it - total 30GB data, unlimited text and SMS for all three phones
Hey Roma faggot, I sincerely hope all your countrymen die in fire.
Me too, anon, me too.
You should drop that 30GB down to 10GBmy family survives on 6GB a month without ever getting near and I'm only paying $120 for it
US$25 for unlimited voice/text on $20 phone with an actual keyboard.
Uk 3£20 a month for The One PlanSomething like 6000 minutes, alot of texts and totally unlimited 4g internet
you all niggas posting in a data mining thread
Unlimited talk and text.  2gigs data. 110 month. Including paying off my phone.
Austria~4€ (it's prepaid)
Pleb. ich zahl 50.- flat in alli netz, hueresohn.
USA $10Feels good
>willingly carrying a tracking and surveillance deviceGetting rid of my phone was the best thing I ever did for both my freedom, my wallet, and my psyche.Liberate yourselves faggots.
1. United States of Freedom2. 'bout tree fiddy
Some of us have jobs and dont live in parents basements.
>/biz/
My parents keep all their junk in their basement, so I have to live in the attic.
If your job requires you to have a cell phone, they should be supplying it.If it requires you to have it on your person 24/7, they should be paying you extra to be on call.Private life and work tools and time should never have to mix.Sounds like you got suckered into a real shitty situation there Anon.
United States $470
land of the free and the home of the brave$90
>Implying Free mobile users are not shaped on roaming PLMN.
USA $352.5gb high speed data, 128kbps after.
USA120 (includes 3 other people)
GermanyI have a prepaid phone with the option to buy 100MB-10GB beforehand for a static price and not have to pay anything (for internet access) until it runs out. I'm currently still on my 100MB ~3.5€ (since February), but I'm intending to switch to 1 or 10 GB. Costs more less than multiple 100MB packages. "blau.de" by the way for anyone interested.
Telenor VIP :)
UK£46/$70
sister finally graduates, wants to keep at&t even though she lives in a major city and never goes anywhere$90 for a one line 3gb plantell her tmo can do the same thing for $50>no way they suckwell what about cricket, they literally use at&t's towers and network, you don't need a phone subsidy anyway>ew no I use Tmo for one line - unlimited data for $55 and verizon on my parents plan just for data coverage in the boonies and I'm happy with that
Why aren't you taking full advantage of technology and working from home, or the park, or the beach, or the tea shop, or wherever else you'd like to go? If you haven't worked remotely, you seriously have no idea what you're missing out on.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2AOhWGLAJY
I do work from home and it's the best. I don't know why more companies don't allow it, or allow it then take it away like Yahoo.
I do, I have been for 3 years. It's shit boring and lonely. You don't meet people, you don't get office bants, you get alienated from the rest of the company.It blows
If your type of work allows it, sure. But I often like to just ask a question into the room and have it answered immediately.Also, the (physical and psychological) separation of home and work is an important thing. I don't want to feel stressed all the time when at home, home is my place to relax and procrastinate.
not having a clear seperation of work and non-work really sucks
I find the lack of annoying co-workers to be a positive for me, but to each their own.
The issue is, the annoying co-workers become worse. Now instead of them dropping by, they call you, they email you, repeatedly. Because you're working from home you're expected to keep a close watch on communications. You're scrutinized more for not responding.And you day never ends because like there is no separation. Especially when you're working with people across timezones.I work in EST and I'm expected to field calls and mails during PST,CST,EST, and IST
I work from home. It sucks. I have no excuse to not "stay and finish things up", I can't go drinking with coworkers after work and have my boss pay for it, and I have to actually be productive rather than stand by the printer all day chatting.
>It's shit boring and lonely.You don't have friends to hang out with?
Because work is one of the few escapes I have from my wife and kid.
I work from a cowork space.  It eases the loneliness, but doesn't do much to keep you from being alienated from the company.  I'd recommend using google hangouts with video as much as possible.
I feel this pressure as well.  When you're physically at work that's enough to show you're doing something.  When you're fully remote you have to perform all day every day or people might wonder if you're even working.  This is made much worse because I'm on Eastern time while my coworkers are all on pacific.
I do, and now I never arrive late to work.
No, all of my friends are in different parts of the country now that college is done for them.Company moved me to a new area to be remote where I have no friends or family. Just my dog.Work too much to go out and meet people
>thisiktf and i don't even have kids
I work from home. I like it because I hate working neat other people, but the romantic image of you working in a coffee and stuff is just ridiculous.It's mostly you on pajamas with messy hair. It's probably better if you have a family.
I've tried it and it was way too easy to lose my train of thought or get distracted or just not want to work. I prefer to work at work. Plus you get to ping ideas and have discussions with your co-workers on a whim which is pretty sweet and usually leads to more robust code.
Wtf have they done
Android M appdrawer
Thats ugly as shit...
Is ii an improvement of Lollipop
Yeah I'm never upgrading past 4.4.4 if I can help it
just use nova like everyone else
why the hell is it vertical...
why would I need to.. it was fine like it used to be
>using current app drawer>install new app that starts with the letter A>every other app gets shifted in position. >reflexive memory has to be relearned>tap on wrong apps out of habitThis is a welcome change.
NO ITS VERTICAL CRAPPSHIT
It literally doesn't make a difference, you're just  not used to it yet.
So happy I got a blackberry when I did.
Because if you want something your way, you have to put forth some effort, entitled shitlord.
m'nigga
after todays io presentation, i'm seriously considering the new bb leap
>bb leap>buying full touchscreen bb deviceYou will be dissapointed and it won't be a good substitute for a decent memdroid phone.the best thing about blackberries is the keyboard.
Android 4.3 Jellybean is still the best Android.
Who ends questions with anything other than a question mark?
we have fucking 6" phones with 4k resolution just so they have an app drawer that has fucking bloated icons. NICE THINKING THERE
All the white that they added in lollipop is so annoying, at least have a dark option
Why would anyone want the horizontal launcher back? With vertical, you can get from one end of the apps list to the other with less swipes.With the old horizontal launcher, it doesn't matter how hard you swipe, one swipe = one page, so I have to swipe my thumb six times to get to the end. With the vertical launcher in Gingerbread, depending on the speed of the swipe, I could get to the end in one swipe.
You could touch the little ball representative of pages.
on my z3 the apps are already in alphabetical order
Doesn't really work on the Google Now Launcher.
Its worse on my nexus 9
Don't ask. Google is going full retard since the last 2-3 years.
/g/ What are your 3 favorite programming languages ?Only useful languages.mines are :1. C#;2. Lua3. Java;
1. C2. Lua3. C++
CPythonHaskell
>C for going fast>Python for getting shit done>Haskell for getting gud
In no particular order: C, C++, Java
CPythonAda
CPythonF#/C#
1. C++2. Racket3. C#
>Go>JavaScript>Lua
C for being the first language I learned, and still the one closest to my heart.Python for being one of the easiest, most featureful, straight-forward languages of today.Third one would be... Let's say Haskell, even though its standard is shit, and I'm shit at it.
1. C2. Python3. ClojureI really want to try Lua though.
VB.NETPythonHaskell
CPythonC#
1. Ada2. Haskell3. Lua
1. C#2. C++3. JavaScript
LispBinaryC++
SchemeAgdaProlog
C, Go, Haskell
PythonScalaC++I'm shit at all three, but it's still fun.
party.
1. Python2. C++3. [spoiler]Java[/spoiler]
Go, Scheme, C
1. COBOL2. FORTRAN3. SNOBOL
1. Ruby2. Scheme3. Haskell9999. C
Do any of you know any books about programming in C# without explaining the basics all over again, I've been looking for one.
RubySchemeGo
C, Python, F#If CoreCLR develops a reasonably large community that isn't dependent on Windows I'll probably just use F# for almost everything.
C, C++ and Python
C, Python, Haskell.But I'm only proficient in Haskell.
Save yourself a lot of headache and drop the C then. It's a meme language.
>C is a meme memeIt's not like I'm stupid neither.
Java, C++, DI actually don't really like Java that much, but tha'ts the language I started with, and the one I'm probably the most familiar with.
JavascriptPythonJavah8 away
ScalaJavaC
1. Common Lisp2. Racket3. Prolog
>Java>Python>no idea, I'm a huge babbyI started with Python and have moved to working with Java more. How's C++ compared to Java?
CC++Haskell
Adding Java saved it m8. We full-stack webdev nao.
But Anon, my entire stack is in JS.
>How's C++ compared to Java?bloated and unreadable
CAN'T WAKE UP
1. Common Lisp2. C3. Prolog
How about C? I'm going to go full autism and take my schools course on Linux and C at some point anyway. Side note, I have SSH access to a pretty big linux server. What do? Learn how to develop with vim and GCC?
And yet you fell for the meme.
>OCaml>F#>C
my fav programming language is the matrixi dont even seed the code, all i see is blonde, brunette, redhead
NodeRoRHTML
1. C#2. Python3. Haskell
1. Scala2. HaskellCan't make my mind up for 3rd place. C++, Ruby, Java, Go, C#, R, Prolog, Erlang, Lisp and so on are quite okay, but I can't really put one over the other.
>C++>Python >SwiftCan't do much with Swift though
1. Scala2. Haskell3. Python
muh niggas
1. C#2. Java3. C (maybe C++)
C++, python and haskell
C++PythonJava just because I had to pick another one
Hm. Python. Personally, I've never liked it.It's just too messy, performs poorly on the standard setup, and has pretty bad libraries everywhere (apart from some good ones - but I can't usually decide what people used for their stuff).
CPythonAsmWhat else could you need?
1. Haskell2. Java 83. Bash
...a good systems language, or perhaps a high level compiled language?
you all are plebsForthJProlog
What a manchild.
>...a good systems language,Such as?> or perhaps a high level compiled language?Why?
>Such as?The typical example is Ada.>Why?If you want to write applications and to make good use of your time while doing so. Not necessary if you're happy with low level stuff and scripting.
>The typical example is Ada.I like Ada but the applications are few. All I know it's used in some fly-by-wire systems.>If you want to write applications and to make good use of your time while doing so. Not necessary if you're happy with low level stuff and scripting.Fair enough
C++ JavaC
RubyJavascriptC++ and C
pleb
C# in depth. Very good book
Thanks man :-D
I learnt to code on C# but grew up and realised that a language that only works on one platform (a proprietary one at that) is idiotic and impractical.If you know this yet continue to use it, kill yourself.I now use C, C++ and Java.
1. C2. Python3. Caml
Dis nigguh thinkin html is a programming language.Anyhow,C#JavascriptPython
c, c++, c#. <- only correct answer.
CPythonC++Dont even like C++ but its just needed for some shit.
but you can't even program and it shows
1. PHP because $test can be anything anytime "1"+1=2 2. C# because making shit in it with GUI is so easy3. C++ because yay strings
CJavaClojure
1. Python2. C#3. C++
>PHP because $test can be anything anytime "1"+1=2oh boy
perlscalac
How was bootcamp then?
This is rich coming from a Scala fan. > muh Scalaz> muh Akka
JavaScript JavaPhpI know I'm a pleb
>In order of preferenceLuaC/C++C#
JavaScriptR (because fuck Python)C (even though I technically never use it)

>haskell>useful languageTippity top kek. Call me when Haskell becomes anything more than a useless meme language.
C/C++/C#, the only three languages that matter.The rest are garbage.
Assembly, Machine Language, and any web language are about to fuck your shit up, fam.
Binary (on/off, open/shut is so useful)MicrowaveConservative Talk
C#C++PowerShell
HTMLLOGOVisual Basic
html is a markup language you derps
>machine language
C#ErlangC
BinaryHexadecimalOctadecimal
PythonJavaTimes new roman
That's like saying math is useless. It's about the principles it teaches you.
then how come you can make game in html5checkmate nerd
assemblerLOGOcshnone of them require me to think, and for that I thank them
Spend a couple hours with Parsec or Attoparsec and tell me Haskell isn't beautiful.
logobros
They're nice to use but they're both fairly slow and use a ton of memory compared to more traditional parsing techniques.  Parsec requires like 100 MB of memory to parse documents that are less than a single MB.
Just HTML ? Or JavaScript ?Yes, there's a difference.
it's the best language to learn fp onalso facebook is hiring haskell programmers
PascalCDylan
C and Go are the only languages I actually use consistentlyThen I meme around in x64 asm, Haskell, JavaScript and Clojure.
u can even watch videos w/ html
SwiftSMLAda
Yeah, but can you implement game logic just by using bare HTML ?
but it is turing complete you retard
>every language that is not Java, C#,C++, Python, PHP, Javascript is a meme language
C and Go here too**Lua as well**
Damn, seeing C, Lua and Go everywhere I thought it was on /tech/. Usually /g/ is>Java, C++, Python
1. <><2. Pyth3. Golfscript
ASM
>Ada
not without CSS
Yeah, we all know Ada is pretty great.
CGoPython
CPythonAssembly (know x86 and a little arm, but tbh they all look alike)
Loop
>they all look alikeinto the privilege checker it goes
>Standard ML...You masochist
CC#Lua
>luascript kitties detected.
Hi /g/, I have an important tech question.What's the best framework for writing a cross-platform mobile app? (iOS + Android)Pic related.
bump...
Probably Xamarin because they seem to keep their APIs up-to-date. Gets expensive as fuck though when you are not a student or want to use their shitty IDE. Don't use those HTML, CSS, Javascript App shit.
Have you tried Qt?
HTML5 + CSS3 + Javascript. That's the solution. If you use NW.js, you can even make it a cross platform desktop app also.
Shit, don't really wanna pay fucking money.No. Good solution?
Depends what kind of app you want to make.
I believe Qt now supports multiple mobile platform, you may want to check it out.Please stay away from HTML apps. It's garbage.
Do you just mean as a website? Our company has responsive websites already. But I'm looking into it's worth us making native apps too.We have more iOS customers than Android so if I had to pick just one platform it would be iOS. But if I can find a solution that will mean one codebase working on both platforms then that would be ideal.And yeah, my background is webdev, so I don't know any Obj-C. I do know some Java though. But learning the native SDKs is just going to be a gigantic ballache and probably not worth it.
Basically, we're a financial company. You can sign into our websites to check your balance but it would be cool to have a native app where you can be persistently signed in and it would show you your current balance. We don't have functionality for making payments or anything dangerous like that, so I don't think being persistently signed in would be a security issue - it would just make it much more convenient for our users who want to quickly check their balance (which is basically the number 1 reason why they sign into our websites)
For example, NW.js is something that make webapps me able to run locally. The advantage of HTML5 + CSS is that you have a free UI. Just make something that is an app but just calls the page locally or the website, depending of your necessities. Don't replicate efforts if you don't need.
Doesn't work for iOS / Android though.Also yeah, the main feature I want from a native mobile app is persistent sign in. Anyone know if I need to write using the native SDKs for this?
But this one works:https://cordova.apache.org/
Yeah, that's what I was basically looking at. PhoneGap (owned by Adobe) uses Cordova at its core. And a number of other ones do too.Do you have any experience with Cordova? Will probably read up about it at work tomorrow
Nothing at all, I just crossed it while searching something multiplatform. Good luck, dude.
Just outsource it
use RoboVM for iOS and share business logic code between iOS and Android
Not worth it. I'm just looking at it really. It's unlikely I'll do it unless it's really really easy.Don't know what that is, I'll look at it thanks
Yeah, the drama of the Apache license. If it was GPL, we would have something even better now.
you can still do that with a mobile website. check something like auth0 and use refresh tokens to stay signed in
Or just cookies.
Been using it a lot lately, its really the future. Take a look at frameworks like ionic, that use cordova. Its really improving fast
MPC-HC sucks. A proof:Enter a Youtube link into VLC>it plays with no problems whatsoever except VLC's shitty playback. Enter a Youtube link into SMPlayer>it plays with no problems whatsoever thanks to mplayer's good streaming support. Enter a Youtube link into mpv>it plays with no problems whatsoever thanks to mpv's good streaming supportEnter a Youtube link into MPC-HC>FAILED TO RENDER THE FILE>FAILED TO RENDER THE FILE>FAILED TO RENDER THE FILEIt's 2015 and MPC-HC is one of the very few players that has almost no streaming support. It can't even play Youtube links, which VLC does just fine. Why are you still using MPC-HC instead of the mighty mpv? Are you really supporting a shit player for no reasons other than emotional attachment? If you don't use a player that is as robust as mpv, you shouldn't even be allowed to post on /g/.
Don't be shilly, anon.  These threads remind me of pic related.
>meme actor
>use Mpv expand>read file-header resize >scales subs to native expand argument>pic relatedWhy is mpv so shitty when compared to MPCHC re-sizing?
Enter a Youtube link into MPC-BE>it plays with no problems whatsoever thanks to MPC-BE's good streaming supportWhat's your excuse for still using inferior software?
Aubrey plaza broke cgaracter there haha
Works fine for me. Use livestreamer with MPC-HC if you want to stream web content. Not hard.
>Why are you still using MPC-HC instead of the mighty mpv? Because madvr is still vastly superior to anything mpv has right now and if you're going to sperg about media players at least sperg about the aspect where they matter: video playback quality
Forgot the picBack quote for the lazy>use Mpv expand>read file-header resize >scales subs to native expand argument>pic related>Why is mpv so shitty when compared to MPCHC re-sizing?
>What is MPC-BE>What is livestreamer
>Because madvr is still vastly superior to anything mpv has right nowLol this is not true at all.
>open internet explorer>enter a youtube link>plays instantly >yfw
When I tried playing Kamen Rider Drive the audio and video lagged a bit. Afterwards, I tried playing The Matrix and audio was mono for some reason.Any ideas of which settings to fiddle with?
Fuck you, OP.
>mpv is better than every other player, especially MPC-HC Anonymous  05/27/15(Wed)SHILL:30 No.48193726OH LOOK THIS THREAD AGAIN.BROUGHT TO YOU BY SLAVE FOSS SHILLS SENT HERE BY PEDO MPV DEVELOPERS.
Image made me kek
Nah, it's just one butthurt mpcfag false flagging because he got his feelings hurt like a little bitch in an mpv thread.
After all these threads I've decided to boycott MPV meme/paedo-cartoon player.I couldn't recommend it to anyone I know since they use Windows and mpv installation is freetard cancer quality but I've been advertising mpc-hc on accounts online and got a bunch of people talking about it and having fun playing with the renderers in them glorious GUI options.
I can tell because of aliasing.
>Works fine for me. Use livestreamer with MPC-HC if you want to stream web content. Not hard.Why would I use that when I can open streams with mpv directly? With livestreamer, I need to use the command line.
Why the fuck would you want to stream Youtube links when you can just go on the website?
>Why the fuck would you want to stream Youtube links when you can just go on the website?Because browsers are shit at playing video.
Isn't it boring posting the same bait every day?
>Because browsers are shit at playing video.Why the fuck would you want to watch a 5 minute Youtube video in super high quality of some nigger shaking his potato camera everywhere?>inb4 muh better coloursAre you morons trying to watch a movie or anime from Youtube or something?
>Why the fuck would you want to watch a 5 minute Youtube video in super high quality of some nigger shaking his potato camera everywhere?I don't watch that?mpv handles way more than youtube, by the way.
>mpv handles way more than youtube, by the way.Great for watching faggy 8 year olds playing minecraft on twitch?
>playing youtube videos in local playerOP are you retarded?stop shilling for this shitty memeplayer every single day goddamn
>I don't watch that?stop with the uptalk you beta pegging enthusiastyou're not a 12 year old girl you faggot
Probably, it's too idiot to be true.
>Great for watching faggy 8 year olds playing minecraft on twitch?Way more than just twitch, nigger.
Why would I play video in a browser?
Like?
https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/supportedsites.htmlRead it and weep.

http://mpv.srsfckn.biz/Join the master race.
why isn't opengl-vhq in mainline yet
>https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/supportedsites.htmlWHOOOAA you mean I can stream movies on it?How about you download a REMUX and play the proper fucking thing instead of streaming compressed pixelated garbage?Most of the stuff on that list is all bullshit not even worth copy and pasting the link for.
o_O
>How about you download a REMUX and play the proper fucking thing instead of streaming compressed pixelated garbage?This isn't about playing movies over streams. It's about playing streams from every major streaming site. It's nice to have full support for everything. I play all my stuff from PTP and I stream Youtube, etc on the same player: mpv. Feels good man.
madshi will always ignore any criticism to his software, he says madVR it's optimized to hell and back, to the point of having different lanczos implementations for each scaling factorBut somehow with mpv I can use much heavier settings than in madVR. smoothmotion, lanczos, and color management with a 128x128x64 matrix meanwhile with madVR it was smoothmotion and lanczos or DXVA scaling and color management with the puny 65x65x65 matrix
So now, for MPC-HC to be comparable to mpv it needs>livestreamer>ReClock>xy-vsfilter>madVRAnd configuring all of them... so incredible easy
Why does the matrix size matter? What is the benefit(s)?
Also most of the sites on that list are like what you get on smart TVs where only 3 of the apps out of the 300 advertised are useful.
I can actually watch stuff on mpv without waiting for it to buffer a zillion years, unlike youtube HTML5 player, with Flash shit would simply crash from time to timeYou can load a playlist of music videos and watch them with great quality
Not everyone feels that a even more placebo preset is needed
Bigger matrix more points to correct color, it's not much of a benefit if the display has a pretty linear color tracking, but some displays are pure shit and are really helped by a bigger matrixThis page might help you understand betterhttp://www.displaycalibrations.com/
You can use browser extensions to force Youtube to buffer the entire video instead of having it only be so far ahead.>Using Youtube to listen to music.Jesus fucking Christ.
Not listening to music, I watch music videosIt buffers much faster in mpv than in Youtube, so I don't have to wait at all, I have no idea why this happens
>I can actually watch stuff on mpv without waiting for it to buffer a zillion years, unlike youtube HTML5 player, with Flash shit would simply crash from time to timeThis. It is objectively the best way to watch Youtube.
>watching musicYou went even more retarded.
>stop liking what I don't like
Youtube is fine for music. 720p and 1080p have decent bitrate audio.
I found some odd MKVs on YT that only FFMPEG stuff could play or modify. It was even crashing my video editors and compression tools.
You don't need reclock, vy-vsfilter is deprecated and madvr is only to make it look like mpv only dreams of looking likeAll you need to configure is madvr and that takes less time than editign the config file for your meme player v
>Watching potato people rubbing each other up with music dubbed over the top of it.
I Use FLAC, what do you use?>1080p
Configuring madVR takes much more time than just wirting --vo:opengl-vhqYou still need ReClock if you want your stuff to run at 24 hzmadVR looks worse than mpv, it lacks properly implemented scalers, and it lacks better softer Jinc scalers perfect for anime, it also lacks proper color management, since it doesn't even do BT.2020 right, and yCMS has always been shit, it can't even use a matrix bigger than 65x65x65Oh, and madshi couldn't even properly implement JincmadVR doesn't even do sigmoidized upscaling, what a punny rendererYoutube nowadays uses 192 kbps MP3, which is transparent for pretty much most casesFLAC doesn't have any use outside archiving
> and it lacks better softer Jinc scalers perfect for anime>not using nnedi3
Enjoy your oil paintings, even madshi recognizes that Jinc is betterAnd you can use NNEDI3 through vapoursynth
Windows user here, should I be using baka or any of the others gui-less windows builds floating around
Just use the normal one, it's easier, use the association bat file so you only double click your filesIf you use firefox you can install "Watch with mpv" and watch stuff from the internet with mpv, it's quite nice
MPC-HC with MadVR is superior to mpv on Windows.
>MPC-HC with MadVR is superior to mpv on Windows.Keep lying, Winbabby.
>low res>stuttery crap>bad controls>bad caching>colors so ridiculously overblown and oversaturated that it hurts to watch>bad playlist supportetc.I can't fathom how anybody would possibly want to use their browser's built-in video player for something like youtube. It's just so fucking cancerous
Maybe because Youtube is casual?
Never trust multimedia devs when they said their software is “optimized to hell and back”.What they mean when they say that is this: https://github.com/SAPikachu/flash3kyuu_deband/blob/master/src/flash3kyuu_deband_sse_base.hMeanwhile mpv's version is not only faster by an order of magnitude or two but also significantly more concise, readable and maintainable: https://github.com/haasn/gentoo-conf/blob/master/home/nand/.mpv/shaders/deband.glsltl;dr windows programmers simply SUCK at multimedia software, and so do most Linux programmers. You'd think it's fucking rocket science or something.Also I wonder what hardware he's tested on / you're running on. mpv's shader is biased towards AMD cards, so you'd get something like 50-100% better performance out of an equivalently priced AMD card than an Nvidia card.
I guess if you for some reason love judder mpv is an option.
>You don't need ReClocke-enj-joy y-your s-s-s-t-tutt-er-ry p-p-playb-back, f-faggotDShow/madVR without ReClock is a joke, can't into proper timing at all.
Funny because I never experience these issues, but maybe if you're using a potato for playback you may experience just that.
MPC-BE mastah-ricers, WW@
Who SMplayerif not you are probably a faggot
mpv has more and better interpolation options than madVR, it contains code to fix/work around the stutters inherent in matroska files (which no other player does afaik), it has code to tune the playback speed to eliminate long cycles (eg. in the style of ReClock), and there's even a WIP branch giving it RetroArch-style dynamic rate control.I doubt madVR will ever have any of those. But sure, use mpv if you want judder, riiight.>it never ceases to amaze me just how fucking clueless MPC-HC users are about video rendering
Stop posting this shit thread cuntMPC is fine, lacks some features but who gives a shit
And all that doesn't matter because opengl on Windows is shitty. And you can't automatically switch refresh rate either.
No, you're just too fucking imperceptive to even notice them. The stutters goes straight over your head. By saying you don't notice them you are essentially just saying that you literally have a shitty perception of quality.I know for a FACT that without ReClock you will experience stutter, because it's a mathematically provable fact caused by the 0.1% clock drift inherent in virtually all media files.ReClock is one of the only tools that can actually actively counteract this (by adjusting playback speed to compensate). MPC-HC won't do it on its own.Ergo, if you are not even using ReClock, you are LITERALLY watching an inferior playback experience full of microstutters and judder that you probably don't even perceive because you've spent so much fucking time looking at shitty renderers that you've developed stockholm syndrome.>it never ceases to amaze me just how fucking clueless MPC-HC users are about video playback
>MPC-HC lacks some features but who gives a shitThe mating call of the pleb. Stop being retarded and plebby and just use a real video player. If mpv lacked features you'd call it shit, but when MPC-HC lacks features, it's "fine". You double-standard spouting woman.
>says the judderpv userHow much are they paying you, I'd love to get paid for shilling shitty foss software but then again they probably don't have the money to give you shills a decent pay anyway
All this samefagging is hilarious
oh look, yet more clueless faggots spouting misconceptions:>And all that doesn't matter because opengl on Windows is shitty.While this may be true for shitty Intel iGPU drivers, that is completely fucking irrelevant for the majority use case, eg. nvidia and AMD's windows OpenGL drivers are fucking FINE.The issue is not actually OpenGL or the OpenGL implementations, it's dwm.exe's vsync timing. And it only matters for the current approach.With the video-timed DRC, the only prerequisite is functioning vsync, which even Windows can into. (The only side effect of bad dwm rounding might be measurably slightly faster or slightly slower playback, but it should be imperceptible)So yes, it WILL fucking matter even for users of a pleb OS.>And you can't automatically switch refresh rate either.mpv has been capable of doing this for like a year. I don't know why you insist on spreading FUDhttps://github.com/lvml/mpv-plugin-xrandrhttps://github.com/kevinlekiller/mpv_autospeed_scriptetc.
Enter a Youtube link into MPC-HC>FAILED TO RENDER THE FILE>FAILED TO RENDER THE FILE>FAILED TO RENDER THE FILEShit...it's real. Why do people continue to use MPC-HC?
>interpolation:tscale=mitchellwow where'd the judder go?
>So yes, it WILL fucking matter even for users of a pleb OS.But you're using a hobby OS that isn't made for desktop use and can't even handle semi complex setups like multi gpuXorg is a fucking joke
I just use mpv to watch my favorite superstars do their thing
Over your head
Can't you use X.org's multihead support to run different servers off different GPUs?This is actually something I would be interested in, in theory - I'd love to buy a cheap workstation card for the 10-bit output capability, but use a cheap gaming card in order to render video for it.Basically, I'd need to render OpenGL on the gaming card and then transfer the image onto the workstation card somehow to be able to output it.I wonder if this is possible at all.
You can only have two seperate instances of X, you can't have them each drive a monitor but have a proper multi monitor setupXrandr just doesn't work
And yet I get ridiculous judder when mpv is fullscreened, regardless of whether dwm is turned on or off using AMD GPU. But sure, there are no issues whatsoever, and clearly PEBCAK.>xrandrYeah.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say. Are you saying that running a single server + using Xinerama won't work? Well, that should be pretty obvious, shouldn't it?
Pretty sure gaming GPUs can output 10 bit just fine nowadays.
>dwm is turned on or offStopped reading there
Xinerama was actually the closest I got to genuine multihead workingXrandr wouldn't display on the second monitor at all, it detected it and everything fine thoughMaybe the garbage foss drivers are to blame
>Windows 8
Can you name a SINGLE card, and a SINGLE driver for that card that can measurably, demonstrably output in 10-bit quality?I will test whatever setup you want me to test. I have a GTX 970 and an AMD HD 7950 at my disposal, and I might even consider buying a new GPU just for this job if you can convince me that it runs with 10-bit output support.I have been researching this topic for years and the only working instance of 10-bit output support I have ever seen on a consumer card was using modified (hex edited) FirePro drivers on a HD 4870 (or 4890) in order to trick it into thinking it was a FirePro V8700 or something along those lines. Only then, only on Windows, and only if you disabled Aero and desktop compositing, did I get working 10-bit output.I would be ecstatic to find some sort of alternative *in existence*. If you can link me to a decent link, guide, driver revision or anything along those lines, I'd appreciate it.
>shilling
I just enabled this and my gpu usage went trough the roofvo=opengl-hq:interpolation:scale=haasnsoft:cscale=haasnsoft:source-shader=~~/deband.glsl:tscale=mitchell:scaler-resizes-only:temporal-ditherwhat's going on
Do you also wonder why video games drop down to 20 fps when you set everything to ultra?
7950 should be just fine. http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/forum/id-1863987/official-amd-radeon-representatives/page-2.html#11877715Don't know if it works on Linux, but on Windows you simply need to set desired bit depth somewhere in CCC and use application that can output it (for example MPC-HC+madVR in D3D11 exclusive mode).
Hmm. Certainly wasn't working on Linux, seems like it's Windows-only then? I might have to test it some day then. Do you know if it works in stuff like Photoshop as well, or is it just in fullscreen exclusive mode?It's a real shame because Nvidia cards are *supposed* to support 10-bit output on Linux, but the drivers for it are just so buggy that it doesn't actually work in practice.Also, do you know if this is just 10->8 bit dithering or does it actually drive the panel at 10 bit depth? What kind of connection do you need for it to work? Does it work over all connections, or are there limitations (eg. DisplayPort only)?
I've read that it does work with Photoshop.And no idea about the details, it's something that you probably need to test by yourself.
Looks the fucking same if this shit is on/off
What do you want 10-bit output for exactly?
Is there something similar to Ctrl+J on MPC-HC for mpv?
>playing youtube on a media playerDo you guys actually do that shit?
Then use the lower quality settings and enjoy your bad perception?
For watching movies
10-bit movies?
Any movies
... How is a 10-bit monitor going to improve the experience of watching movies with 8-bit color?
By displaying the rendered image with 10 bit depth instead of 8 bit depth?Why is this so hard to understand?
>Why is this so hard to understand?Everything you just posted. An 8-bit color video is going to look identical on a 8-bit monitor and a 10-bit monitor of the same quality. Playing gameboy games on an 8-bit colour monitor does not make those games have greater colour depth besides the original 2-bit grayscale.
>An 8-bit color video is going to look identical on a 8-bit monitor and a 10-bit monitor of the same quality.This is incorrect
>This is incorrectgo on. Why is that incorrect.
Well, because at the end of the rendering chain you need to dither down to the output depth.On an 8 bit monitor, this means covering the image with an 8-bit dither pattern, which can be noticeable and annoying.On a 10-bit monitor, the dither pattern approaches the limits of human depth perception.
>On an 8 bit monitor, this means covering the image with an 8-bit dither pattern, which can be noticeable and annoying.Why would you need to dither 8-bit video rendering on an 8-bit monitor? You'd need to dither if your were rendering 10-bit video on a 8-bit monitor, but not 8-bit. That should be pretty obvious.>On a 10-bit monitor, the dither pattern approaches the limits of human depth perception.Why would you need to dither on a 10-bit monitor at all unless you were pushing a video source that was >10-bit?
Look, I like mpv and I think it's a great piece of software, especially on GNU/Linux, but this is becoming a bit too much. I mean, when people used to share configs and debate scaling algorithms/placebo, the mpv threads were good. This is just advertising, even if it is free software. Come on, OP, I know you're better than that.
Because you need to render at a higher bit depth to reduce quantization error? Rendering at 8-bit is going to look pretty terrible.>Why would you need to dither on a 10-bit monitor at all unless you were pushing a video source that was >10-bit?Rendering is typically done at 16-bit depth.
I wonder how much are madVR/ReClock shills getting paid :^)
Yes, there's a stats script, or you can simply run it from terminal with verbosity
Like this?
MADVR BTFOADVRBTFO
>Because you need to render at a higher bit depth to reduce quantization error?The video has to be encoded as 10-bit in the first place for that to be relevant afaik. We're talking about an 8-bit video source here.>Rendering is typically done at 16-bit depth.Where? What are you talking about here exactly?
>The video has to be encoded as 10-bit in the first place for that to be relevant afaik. We're talking about an 8-bit video source here.Quantization error is always relevant, especially when you're talking about 8 bit, because 8 bit is terrible to begin with. By adding quantization noise to the result you're getting something like an effective 7 or 6 bits of precision, which is simply going to look like ass.>Where? What are you talking about here exactly?Inside the renderer. You know, the component that takes the timeline of decoded images and displays it on your screen.
Looks nice. What did you do?
https://github.com/Argon-/mpv-stats/
Downloaded https://github.com/Argon-/mpv-statsAlso I forgot to tag the image properly, fixed. Enjoy correct colors :^)
Oh fuck, I forgot 4chan is too shitty to support ICC profiles
People use MPC-HC?
i will use mpc hcit just werks
yeah. they're called plebs.
>Enter a Youtube link into MPC-HCThe fuck is this shit. Is this even a feature. Why the fuck would I even want this feature. Whats the point of watching youtube on a media player other than youtube.
What's the point of watching youtube on a media player other than mpv?
If you unironically use the youtube player you should just leave /g/ immediately
http://mpv.srsfckn.biz/https://github.com/suhteevah/mpvhq-win64Which one?
>Whats the point of watching video on a video playerThis is how stupid you sound.
Kek it's funny how mpv has none of these on the standard build. You have to download haasns fork to even get any of these included in default. It's no different than downloading KCP instead of mpchc. Besides maybe when mpv has an equivalent to SVP that isn't complete shit I'll switch. Until then I'll leave you autists to sperg about your correct jinc implementation that you'd never be able to see in an abx test between the two. The truth is mpchc is best on Windows and mpv is best on linux. Deal with it.
>You have to download haasns fork to even get any of these included in default.But that's complete fucking bullshit.Name ONE feature that's present in haasn's fork but not mainline mpv.
rampant advertisingwhere are the fucking mods?
I'll have you know I don't know how to fix. (You)
Is mpv really that good?
But it does, libass is included in any build, reclock functionality is a simple script, the opengl renderer is included in every buildDo you even have any idea of what you're talking about?Also, hassn build doesn't really have anything more than mainline, the only thing that's different nowadays is the opengl-vhq presetYou have no idea of what you're talking aboutYou can have SVP through vapoursynth+MVTools, instead of relying on some russian botnet that's a ripoff of MVToolsSeemadVR shills are real, and have a reason to shill
:^)
Mpv had the ugliest ui. And why would you use mpc to stream from YouTube when you can open a browser and watch.
Are people seriously opening youtube links with another application now instead of viewing it in their browser? What's next?We disable images and view them on waifux2?
Placebo is a hell of a drug.
I want to enable dolby digital/dts passthrougg option on mac, but i have zero coding skill. I would appreciate help, so i can ditch all other players once and for all.
I go to youtube to search for youtube videos. Looking up videos in browser and copy pasting every link into an external player sounds like the biggest hassel.
>copy pasting every link into an external player sounds like the biggest hassel.There are extensions that launch mpv automatically. Also, it's not a problem when someone sends you a link to the video in chat or on 4chan.
Is there some kind of video quality improvement compared to watching it in your browser? I don't really see the point for caring about quality for youtube or any streaming for that matter.
>Is there some kind of video quality improvement compared to watching it in your browser?There is. There's also the benefit of using the familiar interface of your video player instead of being forced to use the awful interface of whatever  streaming site is behind the link.>I don't really see the point for caring about quality for youtube or any streaming for that matter.Agreed. I normally just use YouTube, unless I'm watching a web series (like Inferno Cop,) in which case it's nice to watch it in mpv and have the same experience as watching local video. It also uses my subtitle settings when I do this, which are a lot better than YouTube's ugly subtitles.
Well whatever suits you I guess. I typically just torrent entire series even if the only available source is from the web like netflix.
>150 posts>39 IPsThe shilling is real
It is impossible to shill free software, you buzzword using /v/ermin.
>It is impossible to shill free softwareAny product can be shilled, regardless of whether or not it costs money.
>whether or not it costs money.Good job missing the point. Free software has nothing to do with money.
>Free software has nothing to do with money.Well then maybe you should use the term FOSS retard.Also, FOSS can be shilled.
>two button presses>hassleI didn't realize people could actually be this lazy
>I don't really see the point for caring about quality for youtube or any streaming for that matter.Just because it's 10 Mbps instead of 30 Mbps or whatever doesn't mean you have to completely fuck it up even harderweb player>stuttery>oversaturated crap>insecure (enjoy your browser exploits and flash 0days)>inconsistently supported (lol no H.264 in firefox, lol no flash on linux)>interface is garbage>performance is terrible>no custom shaders eg. debanding which is actually even more important for low-bitrate stuff>shit rendering in general (dithering, upscaling, etc.)Seriously, once again, I can not fathom why ANYBODY would want to use a built-in web player. It's so fucking terrible, it goes beyond mere comparison. Even VLC is a blessing compared to web players. They're THAT fucking garbage
I don't know you use youtube, but I typically click through tons of videos. Obviously adding 2 clicks to a single video watched is insignificant, but adding 2 clicks to 100 videos is annoying as fuck.
>mpv fags stream their anime Why would you even get your music videos from Youtube?
>FOSSOpen source misses the point. You must be new if you're confused by the term "free software.">Also, FOSS can be shilled.No, free software can't be shilled. Even if you ignore all the definitions of the word "shill" that require the shill to be paid, free software benefits the community as a whole, not any specific organisation. It's not like the console war threads that you're used to shitposting in on /v/, where it's one organisation's commercial interests against another's, and they have a solid reason to pay real shills. If everyone used free software cross-platform video players like mpv, and no one used proprietary shit like madVR, digital video as a whole would be better.
>free software benefits the community as a whole>commercial software"Hey, ya know, this thing could really use a GUI.""Right on it!">freetard software"Hey, you know...""WORKS ON MY MACHINE PATCHES WELCOME IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT JUST FORK IT WHY DON'T YOU LEARN HOW TO USE A COMPUTER IF IT'S NOT POPULAR THAT'S FINE WITH US!"
So you use a "commercial" video player now? Which one?
Commercial software benefits the community by getting programmers to program software that's useful to them instead of shilling their hobbyist video player on 4chan 24/7.
It is impossible to shill free software.
Not every freetard project is bad.  Some follow the commercial product model and strive to deliver fully featured programs.MPC-HC is one of them.  MPV is not.  Thus your inferiority complex and continued shilling.
>Some follow the commercial product model and strive to deliver fully featured programs.>MPC-HC is one of them.What? Now I don't understand at all.What exactly is the "commercial product model" and why do you think MPC-HC is "following" it? Do you think GUI-based free software is uncommon? Is the only way you can reconcile hating free software and using free software to tell yourself that the free software you use is really commercial software in disguise? When someone makes a commercial command line program, are they following the "free software product model?"Also, this thread of discussion was originally about shilling and now it's about GUIs? Are we going to just keep switching topics until you find one that you can feel superior about? I don't hate GUIs. I wouldn't mind if there was a good cross-platform free software GUI-based video player, but the one we have right now is CLI-based, and that's fine too.
hi/tv/ herei'm a fan of windows media player and was wondering if anyone could answer a quick questionwhat would it take to play a dvd's files (ie the movie itself) in windows media player?here's the previous thread before i was redirected here>/tv/56957054
>What exactly is the "commercial product model" and why do you think MPC-HC is "following" it?Tireless work to put out a product that meets the needs of the non-programmer end user.Bad freetard software uses "freedom" as an excuse to be shitty.  "If you don't like it you can program it yourself!"  Unfortunately there's this little thing called "division of labor," and it's a piss-poor economic model for everyone to learn programming and spend hours a day every day trying to get their software to work.Until mpv follows the commercial software model and actually releases a product that would be worth money, stop shilling it.
I agree. VLC is probably the best player out there.
So why are all the commercial video players awful?
Daily reminder that /g/'s contributions to mpv are close to zero and that main devs expressed disliking for the board and its users more than once. >HURR DURR SHILLING ON /g/You guys are hilarious, you sure like to pretend to be relevant to a fairly big project, don't you?
How the fuck would we know.  God, I haven't seen WMP since, what, 2006?A ton of DVDs are telecined so you should be going through avisynth, anyway.
Not allowing only one instance of the player === "shitty grade" software. That's how I feel about your player.
mpv can do this on Linux with the umpv script.
mpv https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF-Z7WlwjToPlaying: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF-Z7WlwjTo[ytdl_hook] youtube-dl not found, not executable, or broken. [ffmpeg] tls: The TLS connection was non-properly terminated.[ffmpeg] tls: The specified session has been invalidated for some reason.[ffmpeg] tls: The specified session has been invalidated for some reason.[ffmpeg] tls: The specified session has been invalidated for some reason.Failed to recognize file format.Exiting... (Errors when loading file)if i have youtube-dl it doesn't matter which player I use though
Sorry, do you know anything?? [cplayer] Can't load unknown script: /home/xerka/umpv 
https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/blob/master/TOOLS/umpv
>he has to install a botnet to do what MPC-HC can do natively
Has "botnet" just replaced the word "program" for you? That script is from the official mpv repo.
>the script is from an unpaid neckbeard's official botnet repo>not a botnet
Can I run script from keybind o or h from mpv, I don't want to use wm or de's keys cause they would be complex like alt+shift+k or something like that.
Yeah, you can bind keys to the "run" command, followed by the location of the script and any arguments.
i'm using  mpv on windows  but audio output is not how is supposed to be.5.1 audio sources come from stereo speakers and nothing form surround speakers....how to?Protips?
Try exclusive mode. --ao=wasapi:exclusive
That said, it should work in shared mode too. I don't have a 5.1 system, so I can't test. Are your speakers set up properly? (In the sound control panel, right-click->configure speakers.)
 speakers are set up properly, sound card ok (x-fi music + creative gigaworks s750).I'm stupid guys , i'm trying to find the fucking config file to write down the code, and so on...
How do I use mpv to stream? using windows.
ok guys i did it, i created the config file inside MPV folder, added  ao wasapi stuff and now working.....Very nice....now i'll waste my time fucking around with the config file  kek
>not playing your music with mpv
Just mpv <stream url> from the Command Prompt. If it's from a streaming site like YouTube, you need youtube-dl.exe in the same folder as mpv.exe.You can also do it from the Run dialog (Win+R) if you install this: https://github.com/rossy/mpv-install
Glad it's fixed. I think it should work in shared mode too, but as I said, I only have a 2.0 system, so I don't know for sure and I wouldn't know how to debug it.
Is there a way to open directly in mpv youtube link from Skype directly ?
I do this too. I used to have a proper music library that I played with fb2k, but I've gotten too lazy for that. It's just folders and mpv *.flac now.
Like the « Open With » addon but for Skype.I want to avoid copying the link, open a terminal and paste the link into the terminal.
i'm using spdif passt for dts and ac3 but i have this error, any advices?
How can I adjust my eq presets in mpv like when using fb2k?
Waifu2x isn't good where more than superficial detail is wanted.
I open all the videos I want to view in tabs, and then add all of the open youtube tabs at once to mpv as a single long argument.
>Tireless workFunny considering mpv's main dev alone has more contributions to mpv than the entire MPC-HC dev team put together.He also has over twice as many contributions to mpv over the past year than the main MPC-HC dev has to it.So if anything, MPC-HC devs are the ones being lazy here.
sup mpv niggasI have a question for dual screeners. How do I deal with the screen flickering when I fullscreen mpv on the other screen.
Why isn't mpv parsing my osc.conf properly? [osc] loading mp.defaults[osc] loading @osc.lua[global] search dirs: C:\Users\asdfasdf\AppData\Roaming/mpv C:/Program Files/mpv C:/Program Files/mpv/mpv[global] config path: 'lua-settings/osc.conf' -> 'C:/Program Files/mpv/lua-settings/osc.conf'osc.conf only contains "layout=bottombar", but it's not doing anything.
Dual screener here. What screen flickering? I honestly have no clue what you're talking about.
>Funny considering mpv's main dev alone has more contributions to mpv than the entire MPC-HC dev team put together.Have you ever looked through mpv commits? Majority of them are 3-4 liners or just a sed'ing of words. It's not difficult to rack up more contributions when each commit is fuck all of anything.Don't get me wrong it's a good way of logging but not a good way of summing up contributions or activity.
Save this https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/blob/master/player/lua/osc.lua in C:/Program Files/mpv/scripts and make sure you add osc=no to your mpv.conf.Also, here is a neat edit to osc.lua that I found in the archives. It basically changes the OSC's color depending on if you are streaming a video from Youtube (red) or Twitch (purple). Add it after the osc_styles part.mp.observe_property("stream-open-filename", "string", function(name, value)    if (value:find("twitch.tv")) or        (value:find("ttvnw.net")) then        osc_styles.box = "{\\rDefault\\blur0\\bord1\\1c&HA54164\\3c&HFFFFFF}"    elseif (value:find("youtube.com")) or        (value:find("googlevideo.com")) then        osc_styles.box = "{\\rDefault\\blur0\\bord1\\1c&H2324D4\\3c&HFFFFFF}"    endend)
And MPC-HC ones aren't?https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/commit/4945f1https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/commit/4cd2c9https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/commit/1dc783https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/commit/b198d9https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/commit/30d2f0https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/commit/24cf88https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/commit/21a002etc.
for i in *.dts ; do ffmpeg -i "$i" "${i%.*}.w64" ; done
Isn't that just gonna load the OSC from a different source? What would be the point? Anyway, I managed to get bottombar working by adding script-opts=osc-layout=bottombar to mpv.conf.> OSC if you are streaming a video from TwitchI don't see the point in having the OSC when streaming something.
Blue for vimeoelseif (value:find("vimeo.com")) or       (value:find("vimeocdn.com")) then    osc_styles.box = "{\\rDefault\\blur0\\bord1\\1c&HEBB920\\3c&HFFFFFF}"If it's a livestream then I turn it off, but for youtube I'll leave it on.
I would consider mpv normally (and i only mean that - install and compare to mpc-hc) but because of you spamming it, no chance.
Why would you watch youtube from another program when you have your fucking browser?
why would you read the thread when you can just stay a retarded faggot
>Using Flash>Implying Youtube's HTML5 isn't a steaming pile of shit
Youtube's HTML5 doesn't even work for me most of the time.>an error as occured
MPC-HC last 10:143 additions and 143 deletions.20 additions and 8 deletions.21 additions and 18 deletions.7 additions and 0 deletions.3 additions and 1 deletion.1 addition and 1 deletion.2 additions and 2 deletions.3 additions and 2 deletions.181 additions and 7 deletions.3 additions and 2 deletions.MPV last 10:2 additions and 37 deletions.4 additions and 32 deletions.4 additions and 4 deletions.4 additions and 4 deletions.8 additions and 8 deletions.2 additions and 4 deletions.5 additions and 2 deletions.2 additions and 0 deletions.7 additions and 14 deletions.4 additions and 3 deletions.As a paid MPV shill do you know why they spend all day every day sed'ing a few words, committing it, and repeating this over and over again? Do these people not have actual jobs or anything?
You have to multiply for the constant factor because the MPC-HC stuff was bloated crap like windows batch files, XML etc.
>sed'ing a few wordsimplying small commits can't be bug fixes>Do these people not have actual jobs or anything?wm4 has a job
>that MPV historyThat's just beyond. A new level of pathetic. Well done MPV. I knew you had it in you.
>last 10A very convenient number, looking at the mpv history.
Can I make profiles based on video or audio codec rather than extension?
You can achieve this with Lua scripting.Along the lines of: https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/issues/977
>implying small commits can't be bug fixesNone of them are tagged as such.>wm4 has a jobYeah, sure, haha.MPV devs are like most linux "devs" who think changing words in their dotfiles on github makes them hot shit and look productive.Feel free to do the last 10, 20, 30 or whatever I got tired of opening tabs.I'll do next 5 MPV:4 additions and 3 deletions.350 additions and 55 deletions. (not bad, some actual work but this is hassn not NEETMASTER wm4)30 additions and 18 deletions.33 additions and 20 deletions.5 additions and 34 deletions.MPC:12 additions and 15 deletions.18 additions and 8 deletions.1 addition and 3 deletions.444 additions and 94 deletions.2 additions and 4 deletions.
Why do these threads have to start off in such an inflammatory manner? There's plenty of interesting and civil discussion to be had here but the OP is working against that.
Each time I change to fullscreen mode (by double-clicking or pressing f), screens flicker once in a short time. It's not like a big deal but still bothering.
OP is trolling, pretty sure of it.
I reinstalled recently and decided to give MPV a go, by using the Windows precompiled binaries since I don't care about compiling it myself. The UI was nice but unless full screen, the clicking areas were all offset. Uninstalled and replaced with MPC-HC.
Thanks for the heads up. I use extension.webm to loop my webms but that makes my vp9 'whole' videos loop as well. Will look into it.
nope, it's not better,as both do the same and contains the same decoders
>tagging bug fixesdo you even know what git tags are
>do you even know what git tags areYes.I meant the commits aren't tagged (ie don't contain anything in the commit message mentioning) a security issue.
>every bug is a security issueThis just in, CVE-2015-0719: “XYZ input + source-shader results in crushed colors”, was fixed upstream. Upgrade immediately!
>None of them are tagged as such.Mpv is not enterprise software.>Yeah, sure, haha.w/e>changing words in their dotfiles on github makes them hot shit and look productive.Ok then, let's actually look at the 11 last commits.MPV:1: remove deprecated bloat2: remove deprecated bloat #23: make input possible faster4: enable Lua scripts to do stuff properly before vo init5: sed #1 (rename)6: sed #2 (docs)7: bugfix8: sed #3 (rename)9: sed #4 (docs)10: bugfix11: merge of custom shader *which is a HUGE thing* for many users (debanding etc)It is very important to keep your docs up-to-date.MPC:1: sed #1 (translation)2: bugfix3: bugfix4: bugfix5: bugfix6: sed #2 (typo)7: sed #3 (docs)8: bugfix9: feature added10: includes fix11: bugfixMPV:seds: 4fixes: 6additions: 1MPC:seds: 3fixes: 6addtions: 1Not so different, ayy?But only based on 11 commits this is not a fair comparison, you'd need to compare all commits, commit count, slocs added/removed, code quality to make this a real world comparision.
>Pasting JewTube link from webbrowser to media playerWhy would you do that?
>MPC:>fixes: 6*7
To not use the terrible terrible inbuilt media player/flash.
>Not so different, ayy?Yeah, I agree.My original response in this thread was to someone (you?) saying that because of mpv's amount of commits the MPC devs are lazy. So I think we cleared that up now ;)
Why are MPC babbys constantly shitting these threads? Can't they let us enjoy our superior video software in peace?
No, because people like you keep being fucking obnoxious about it (and I'm an mpv user).
What happened to the mpv generals? Have they been banned from here or has the format just changed to shitposting about MPC-HC in the OP?
>(you?) saying that because of mpv's amount of commits the MPC devs are lazy.Nope wasn't me.I would not say that, mainly because: initial mpv commit: 2001, mpc: 2006You have to compare commits pushed and age ratio.
>use livestreamer with MPC-HC>cuck OP like the bitch he is
The last few days a faggot made aggressive threads to bait mpc users.
Why does everyone care about streaming all of a sudden? I want my media player to play media. Support for working with video streams is better suited for stuff like youtube-dl or a stream client like VLC.
>I want my media player to play media.So media on a remote device is not media?>better suited for stuff like youtube-dlThat's what mpv uses to get the streams.
i know how this feels
The last few generals were pretty dead and slow. I guess someone cared more about baiting and shitposting than quality, so these kinds of threads have happened.
Well technically 2001 was mplayer, mpv fork wasn't until 2013.MPC has been around since 2003 and -hc since  2006.
Ah, thanks for clearing that up.
MPC-HC confirmed for shit.
It's not shit.It's just worse than mpv.
For anyone complaining about mpv's complexity and whatnot. I installed it on my mom's computer without configuring anything. My MOM's. You know what happens when you combine moms with computers, right?...she found it great! Quoting: "dis feels like having less bullshit".>so proud ;_;
I prefer the more general "Open With..." add-on. It allows me to use different mpv profiles and/or to use livestreamer instead.
So, is she dragging the videos into the mpv window or what?
Why is everybody ignoring file associations? You literally just have to double click the media, like you would with any other player.
What about update notifications, things like mpc-hc and vlc will check for updates every so often and let you know.How does mpv do this?Fine if you live with your mother and can keep an eye out on updates for her but otherwise not so good, especially when mpc has no windows installer and you'd need to detail where to go, how to unpack, make sure they unpack it to the exact same place for file associations to keep working. It just isn't practical.
I mean mpv has no windows installer, not mpc.
Fuck of shill, no one wants MPC-HC to end up like allplayer. Pic very related
Unpack? Update? Do you seriously think this guy's mother gives a fuck about keeping her software up to date? The only thing that matters is whether it can play video files, which any version can.
>no autoupdateit's 2015 bro...
It's 2015, use a proper distro with proper package management and proper package maintainers.Then you have autoupdate.
>use a proper distrooh, so I need first a proper system to use this software,so no, thx, I will live with other
>What about update notifications, things like mpc-hc and vlc will check for updates every so often and let you know.It's a video player. Nobody cares about updates as long as it plays videos. Besides, it doesn't automatically update itself. It just notifies you and you have to go to the website and manually upgrade.
>he thinks a shitty prompt to go download an installer is autoupdateWindows users are really delusional.
Better this than nothing,and what do you wan to prove.
>Nobody cares about updates as long as it plays videosExactly!same noone cares about MPV because they use other video player ;)
Again shit thread which overlay with the same renderer and the same decoders is better than other one.
can someone fix this so it checks if you quit and saved position last time you watched the video, i'm too pleb :3. at the moment if you quit with Q it always starts from 0.https://gist.github.com/Shudouken/0233126a99627be217a4
Is there a way to switch --vo during runtime? Just asking because shaders are now in mainline and I don't know if I want to have the deband shader on always
Does mpv work with madVR?
No
How do I make youtube-dl to pipe its output to my media player instead of downloading it?
mpv url
What about on MPC-HC?
>windowsI have no idea.
why would I stream youtube videos to my media player?if I have a youtube link I'm either already on youtube watching the video or it is hotlinked in some chat... so I just click on it
>implying MPC-HC is shit because it lacks a minor feature that nobody uses
Is this a good card for the money? I'll be doing 1080p gaming and some light video editing.Also, should I be worried about the 128-bit memory bus? I'm willing to splurge more for a GTX 970 if that's a potential problem in the future.
>Is this a good card for the money?no.>Also, should I be worried about the 128-bit memory bus?no.>splurge more for a GTX 970no.
>Is this a good card for the money Compared to the R9 280X, no. But overall it isn't a terrible card. The 970 will probably be less future proof relative to the price. Thanks to the 0.5GB of crippled memory.
I'd be worried about the VRAM too. I would shoot for the 970, as it has double the VRAM (yes, double, as in 4GB) and has better performance per shekel.
Wait for 300 series or get a 280x
AMD cards can't decode 4K H.264 or 4K HEVCThey suck for video editing
Well, that's concerning.Should I go for a R9 285? Same VRAM but wider 256-bit memory bus.
the 960 is overpriced, buy a 970 and go away
Yes, the 285 is a good GPU.
>Is this a good card for the money?Relative to the R9 280X or the R9 285, no. In this price range you should get one of those two instead, choose between 3 GB of VRAM (280X) or 2 GB of VRAM but with newer features (285, which is based on a newer version of the GCN architecture).>should I be worried about the 128-bit memory bus?Just for the sake of informing, memory buses alone are irrelevant for performance. It's just one of the three components that define bandwidth (memory frequency * bus width * number of transfers per cycle). If Nvidia somehow managed to run that GDDR5 RAM at 3500 MHz instead of 1750 MHz (not actually possible, just an example) or if they used XDR instead of GDDR5, which makes more transfers per cycle, bandwidth would be higher and the 128-bit bus wiould be perfectly fine.But yes, you should be worried about the low bandwidth. While it's enough for now, it also means that this GPU will be less useful in the future than the 280X and 285 will be, as far as memory goes.
its shit
 Stop being cheap OP and just buy a couple of titans.
Unengine Valley ExtremeHD benchmark 1.0 at 1080p resolution>gtx960   (stockspeed)  200$MinFPS- 16.5AvgFPS-  33.3MaxFPS-  66.8Score-    1395>R9-280  (StockSpeed) 170$MinFPS- 19.3AvgFPS-  37.7MaxFPS-  72.9Score-  1578I ran these numbers personally
These people validate their worthiness on the size of their GPU. two-monitor 1080p 60hz gaming is handled just fine by the 960. I haven't run into any issues. It's cheaper, cooler, and way more power efficient than the other options.
>These people validate their worthiness on the size of their GPU. no they dont>two-monitor 1080p 60hz gaming is handled just fine by the 960. you are lying>I haven't run into any issues. please stop lying>It's cheaper, cooler, and way more power efficient than the other options.its power efficiency is less that a single lightbulb, its cooler yes but that is an irrelevant selling point since all midrange cards are adequately cooland that last gem about it being cheaper? its ridiculously overpriced anyone spending 200$ on a 960 is getting ripped off badlyfor the same money you can literally buy an AMD gpu in the next larger power category
>its power efficiency is less that a single lightbulb, its cooler yes but that is an irrelevant selling point since all midrange cards are adequately coolNot sure, but I think the "other options" he's refering to are the GTX 970 and above, not AMD cards. That's what OP mentioned in his OP.The GTX 960 is cooler and more efficient than them, since it's smaller and slower, obviously.
uh ohhttp://lifehacker.com/hola-better-internet-sells-your-bandwidth-turning-its-1707496872
last thread was bombed by israeli shillsbut anyways>using free vpn if you care about privacy
This service was fucking stupid from the beginning. Any one who's not an idiot would have dropped that shit once they read on the front page of their site that they would be a peer in their network.
>8thank you based chan of that number for revealing the truth

I'm trying to find a different editor for C++ in LinuxVim/Emacs/IDEs are out the doorWhat do you use?
QtCreator or Netbeans.
Eclipse
sublime is comfy as fuck :)
vim
Geany.
>QtCreatorthis
Visual StudioCodeBlocks
google write
emacs
I like Netbeans on Windows but it doesn't play too well on Linux for meBloatnon-freeI ran with Vim for awhile but it's too much of a hassleNeed something more C++ orientedWill look intoI love VS on Windows but I'm using Linux for now. Codeblocks seems sub-par to mekekAlso used this for awhile but I found it even less useful than Vim
non-free? what?
*sign* https://gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html
fuck meant to say sigh
a different language
try Jetbrains CLion
QT Creator
Visual studio express, if not then Code.
>I ran with Vim for awhile but it's too much of a hassleoh you are one of those guys, I predict a nice future for you flipping burgers at mcdonalds
Why do people use Vim / Emacs instead of Visual Studio ?
Because it's free and you gotta learn stuff that can be applied to some other things than just derivatives of the same company.
no VS for Linux, VS Code is a fucking sad joke
>vim fanboys try to defend a deprecated editor
vim has its uses (replacing an IDE is ont one of them though)
notepadqq
It looks really nice with the CMake support but you're limited to a trial
How the hell is emacs less useful than vim?Both are God-tier editors, and if you can figure out how to be productive with them then there really isn't any hope for you.
Biggest problem I had was with YouCompleteMe. No fucking documentation on how to use Semantic completion other than "Just copy this file, make some edits, and hope it works"
>he bought into the emacs meme
Use Emacs in CUA mode
>he thinks emacs is a memeDo you live on /g/ or something?
>using the word meme incorrectlyGrow up, kid.  You must be 18 or over to post on 4chan.
>he thinks emacs is not a memeayy m8, there's literally nothing memacs can do that a modern IDE can't
pic related
yeah, but can make them easily as emacs can? this is a question about ergonomics
Theme?
seems like monokai
>easily as emacs can>implying that pressing over 9000 shortcuts is easier than right-click -> refactoringCan memacs even refactor anything properly? Or show some reliable project wide code completion?>inb4 you should code everything in binary
do you use it for c++??
nano/thread
if you're not a shell illiterate, you can set up a wrapper that deletes the trial license on every startup. it's not hidden away somewhere, just sitting around in your home directory.if you're having trouble finding the file, look into strace and see what files clion opens when you run it.happy hacking.
You all are plebs, back in my day we had to use punch cards for our editors
vim.stop being a faggot.fucking captcha. if a hamburger is a sandwich, then soup should be a drink.
Font?
cat source.cpp <<EOF
>ayy m8, there's literally nothing memacs can do that a modern IDE can'tEmacs is a POSIX-compliant operating system, you dolt. If only somebody would write an editor for it.
/g/ discusses editors and IDE's ten times as much as /g/ discusses actual code. It's baffling.
I read that in stallmans voice
CLion or QtCreator
>not using windows.h>trying to КУДAХ КУКAPEКУ about linux>ШЛЮХA ЩУКA ЧИCTИT ЗУБЫ>doesn't know russian>not in love with MICЯOSOFT>not enough money for VISИAL STИDIO PRO>ГAГAГAГA>ХУЙ ПИЗДA MEДBEДЬ БAЛAЛAЙКA>2015
>*shitposting intensifies*
How do you run emacs in the terminal?
emacs -nw
>still no example>shifting goalposts>inb4 yo dawg you can code inside the codehttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_code_generation_toolslol>POSIX-compliantstop cursing
Name one thing:• Written entirely on Linux• Written entirely in a GPL3 editor/IDE• Written entirely in a GPL3 language• Using a GPL3 toolchainThat does anything on its own, that isn't a library.Pro-tip:
>trying to write an SDL project on windows with NP++ and mingw>SDL throws bizarre error and won't compile>ask a few chatrooms because stack overflow has nothing>"just use an IDE. itll fix it">tell them its a fucking compiler/lib error. Installing a glorified text editor won't change anything>"just try it, dumbass. Stop trying to be a hipster and just use proper tools."
It's because nobody on /g/ knows how to make anything except hello world and fizzbuzz
If you don't understand why that might actually be helpful then you are either retarded or you need to spend some time learning every possible compiler and linker option that might be to blame.
vi
Bluefish?http://bluefish.openoffice.nl/index.html
it's not being a fanboy, it's because he refuses to put some effort in learning something
well, perhaps his priority is learning to write or programming rather than using particular text editor (eg. vim).
HELLO FOЯCHAИ. I AM A MICЯOSOFT ШIИDOШS OVEЯLOЯD. ШIИ32 IS THE BEST LIBЯAЯУ IИ THE ШOЯLD. THAИK УOU. SOЯЯУ FOЯ CAPS.
I was in the same situation a few weeks ago, Codeblocks still uses old wxWidgets lib that is not in Debian's repos anymore, Codelite looks like shit and I couldn't get it to build even a simple hello world program because it was complaining about missing build tools that I actually had installed, FUCKING DROPPED. Went even for Anjuta but it I think when considering Anjuta you might as well use vim.Ended up with Eclipse and CDT, it has everything I need and runs smoothly even on my old dell latitude d610 w/ debian jessie on it. It works out of the box and isn't as specific as Codelite or QtCreator where everything is somehow laid out to build shit with wxWidgets or Qt.
that might be true but he didn't give us that information.
neovim :^)
>Vim/Emacs/IDEs are out the doorWell, what is there to use then?  Notepad?
yes monokai, but is a default theme for spacemacsnodefault spacemacs, adobe something.
Anjuta, that Qt thing or Geany might suit you.Hell even Gedit might do the trick for you.I use Emacs, it's wonderful!
I'd imagine most of suckless was. Systemd probably was. I imagine there's a lot of stuff
>suckless>systemdThat pretty much proves my point. Freetards once again BLEEEEEEEOWWWWWENNNNTHEFUUUUUUUUUUUGHAUT
>there's literally nothing memacs can do that a modern IDE can'trectangle region selection

Google I/O 2015 = WWC '14Literally, everything google presented is a knockoff and a ripoff.
What exactly?
> muh Java 6 from 2004I wish Google had ripped off Swift.
have u watched the keynote? pretty much everything.. including "Android Pay" and Google Photos. Android Pay is a complete knockoff.. they even licensed Apple's tokenization patents.
Let's not forget Google has to make sure their shit runs on an immensely huge amount of devices and they actually do put thought in what they do. Also, I don't see Apple working on self driving cars, VR, bringing Smartphones and Internet to 3rd world countries and robotics at the same time. Google may be a bit slower but they actually bring innovation, not like apple who ejaculate over their restricted idevices and their useless apple watch with a crippled user interface.
>Google may be a bit slower but they actually bring innovation, currynigger, shut the fuck up. Google are bigger thieves than Microsoft. Everything they presented today was a knockoff.even that Google Cardboard from last year was a knockoff of Apple's patent.
>bringing Smartphones and Internet to 3rd world countriesThis is a huge negative you dumb libtard.
>bringing Smartphones and Internet to 3rd world countriesWhy would anyone want that?
iSucker detected
But the whale was cool.
>being this /pol/strong
Hehehe, also, say what you will about Apple, at least they have white people at their conferences. I/O's keynote looked like a scene from a Bollywood movie.
They failed as a company for the world. As almost all companies failed. Facebook is also bringing internet for the third world, in exchange of what? Of controlling it completely.China is investing on structure on Africa. The same.Fuck, stop shilling companies, that is fucking retarded. It's just commerce and it is at most fair, never better for you. Otherwise they wouldn't be in the business.
>android pay is a ripoff of apple pay Apple pay is a ripoff of Google Wallet.
Everbody knows the whole Android phone thing was a knockoff of the iPhone anyway. Wasn't Google originally coming out with the Android to compete with Apple's iPhone?
Google Wallet is a rip off of Google Checkout.
I liked how the guy they used to present weave couldn't even pronounce the name.
He lives in Mountain View so he doesn't have the opportunity to speak English often.
gay white people though
MS is the same.  I go to the grocery store in Redmond and I might as well be in Bombay.
>mfw enjoying Android M and giving no fucks
I never saw people shitting in public places or two Indians having gay sex in a public park in the middle of the day in Redmond.  See both pretty regularly in Mountain View.
No they're all over at Google. Apple is just regular middle aged white guys.
>tfw no communicator knockoff and ripoffmaking smartphones for dumb girls was a mistake.
No, Android started as a startup in the 2000s who were acquired by Google to compete against apple. Research, my friend.
https://github.com/47deg/scala-days-android
Scala and Clojure create way too many short lived objects for Dalvik/ART to handle well.  They're both a huge drain on performance and battery life.  Kotlin is the only alternative I've seen that's acceptable.
Too bad you plebs didn't get an invite
Google Checkout is a ripoff of using your fucking goddamn regular debit card and budgeting your shit like a responsible person.

>amd 8350 performs better than a 4690khttp://www.eurogamer.net/articles/digitalfoundry-2015-the-best-pc-hardware-for-the-witcher-3>AMD 8350 IS 150 SHEKS, 4690K IS 250 SHEKS>Furthermore, Intel engages in the most awful business practices imaginable and supporting them is to support a monopoly.Fuck intel, fuck intel shills, don't believe the lies, amd master race all praise based Jim "certified shitwrecker" Keller.
Better use of money is to get the most entry level i5 and invest the rest in a better GPU or whatever
My OCed fx 6300 holds 60 FPA just fine. The game is not very cpu intensive
Should spend your time making useful threads helping nerds out instead of being a fanboy of a failing company OP. Nothing AMD has done in like 5 years has been competitive in processors for most people's software. No Dev support.That's just what I do for only a gaming computer, if I was doing more I'd go i7 if I streamed too or lga 2011 if I wanted something serious. AMD processors are for budget computers and thats about it for a while now.Built a friends $550 with an fx 6300, very competent processor for the price. Again though for the price is the only reason it's picked out.
>inb4 Jim Keller is assasinated
Please no. )-:
rips amd
sorry, dubs confirm

When will zen be released?
Its slated for 2016, and mid-late in the year would be the safe bet.Thats for the Summit Ridge FX CPUs.Zen based APUs won't be released until 2017.
>nothing competitive>outperforms intel for 100 dollarydoos less on Wanker 3: Wild ButtKek, get fucked intel shill.
>only about a year til jim "niggarecka" kella saves ys from intel opression.tybg
>not owning an i7also the i5 will outperform the fx in 95% of games and you know that
>wasting moneyDo you even hookers, booze, fine foods, and anime?
>chinese cartoonsorry, my iq is in three digits
Your basic grammar isn't.
sorry, thought i was posting on cuckchan not somewhere relevant
Should I buy an i5 4460 with a b85 mobo or is the price difference for a 4690k + z97 mobo really worth it? I have a shitty fx 8120 and I want to get off amd's ride. Fuck playing anything that is even remotely cpu intensive on this shit, jesus fucking christ.Not really sure if overclocking will be worth it.
What browser do you use /g/?
Opera mini
Maxthon Browser
gentoo
wget
IBM WebExplorer
eMacs
Chinese meme: the browser
>I generally do not connect to web sites from my own machine, aside from a few sites I have some special relationship with. I usually fetch web pages from other sites by sending mail to a program (see git://git.gnu.org/womb/hacks.git) that fetches them, much like wget, and then mails them back to me. Then I look at them using a web browser, unless it is easy to see the text in the HTML page directly. I usually try lynx first, then a graphical browser if the page needs it (using konqueror, which won't fetch from other sites in such a situation).
RMS what are you doing here?
Should I use Pale Moon or SeaMonkey
This keyboard is on sale for $60 right now on Massdrop. ( with shipping ) I like the design and wanted to pick it up, but want to do the obligatory /g/ review first. Does anyone own one of these ? Thoughts, even if you don't ?
Pls help - all computers in the domain  require a driver update to print. I haven't changed anything on the print server. Wtf has happened?
>using manufacturer printer drivers.>not configuring printer in system via IP
whats wrong with lollipop and android in general ? in your own words /g/ from the top
Battery drain demonInfested with Google's dick
material "design" cancer + hates your battery and wants it drained or dead.
CM is working smooth here, battery life is ok.
Java.
1. The change now detects what charger you are using. If you use an unofficial charger, it will reduce the charge considerably. My charger used to fully charge my phone in 1 hour, now it takes 4 ever since I updated. Using the stock charger fixed this issue, but I don't see what's wrong with an apple Ipad charger. 2. Power button disable on lock screen doesn't work in Cerberus any more. 3. Slightly more battery usage
Battery draining, fragmented, carrier controlled, Java using, designed by autists, icons-for-ants.ics, ugly, crapware, malware, insecure, ugly, and used by sperglord hipster "I want to be different" /g/ faggots.
kitkat is pretty good for the time being, fuck updating to lollipop no xposed modules, root, proper custom roms, ectlollipop lacks the things that make people use android in the first place will be disappointed when Google finishes kicking off access to play store for custom builds verizon cleanrom htc m8
Java and the ridiculously shitty Android APIs.
There was an issue in trying to bring up the keyboard yet it fails to show.

You are given two non-empty strings S and T of equal lengths. S contains the characters ‘0’, ‘1’ and ‘?’, whereas T contains ‘0’ and ‘1’ only. Your task is to convert S into T in minimum number of moves. In each move, you can do one of these changes:change a ‘0’ in S to ‘1’change a ‘?’ in S to ‘0’ or ‘1’ swap any two characters in SAs an example, suppose S = “01??00” and T = “001010”. We can transform S into T in 3 moves: Initially S = “01??00” Move 1 – change S[2] to ‘1’. S becomes “011?00” Move 2 – change S[3] to ‘0’. S becomes “011000” Move 3 – swap S[1] with S[4]. S becomes “001010”S is now equal to T. Input The first line of input is an integer C (C ≤ 200) that indicates the number of test cases. Each case consists of two lines. The first line is the string S consisting of ‘0’, ‘1’ and ‘?’. The second line is the string T consisting of ‘0’ and ‘1’. The lengths of the strings won’t be larger than 100. Output For each case, output the case number first followed by the minimum number of moves required to convert S into T. If the transition is impossible, output −1 instead.Pic unrelated
Do your own homework/hackerrank challenges.
whats the case number
Not doing your homework for you, dipshit.
    $S = "?10?01";    $T = "101101";    $foo = str_split($S);    $bar = str_split($T);    foreach($foo as $key => $item) {        switch($item) {            case "0";                if($bar[$key] == "1") {                    $S = substr_replace($S, "1", $key, 1);                    $C++;                }                break;            case "?";                $S = substr_replace($S, $bar[$key], $key, 1);                $C++;                break;            case "1";                if($bar[$key] == "0") {                    break 2;                }                break;            default;                break;        }    }    if($S != $T) $C = -1;    echo $C;here u are friend
needs$C = 0;at the top btw
$C = 0;         // counter    $S = "??11??";     $T = "101101";      $arrayS = str_split($S);    $arrayT = str_split($T);    foreach($arrayS as $key => $item) {        switch($item) {            case "0";                if($arrayT[$key] == "1") {                    // change the letter in S to a 1 if the corresponding letter in T is a 1                    $S = substr_replace($S, "1", $key, 1);                    $C++;                }                // and if its a 0 we do nothing                break;            case "?";                // change the ? to whatever the corresponding letter in T is                $S = substr_replace($S, $arrayT[$key], $key, 1);                $C++;                break;            case "1";                // we can't change a 1 to a 0 so we'll leave the entire loop here                if($arrayT[$key] == "0") {                    break 2;                }                break;            default;                break;        }    }    if($S != $T) $C = -1;   // if the two strings don't match it obv. failed    echo $C;with comments so your teacher is proud
>i cant do it
bumpI'm still doing it
You just ruined op's life anon and his career
my pleasure
import scala.io.StdIn.{readLine, readInt}object StringTransform {  def minNumMoves(s: String, t: String) =    if (s.count(_ == '1') > t.count(_ == '1'))       -1    else {      val zipped = s zip t      val oz = zipped.count(p => p._1 == '1' && p._2 == '0')      val zo = zipped.count(p => p._1 == '0' && p._2 == '1')      math.abs(oz - zo) + math.min(oz, zo) + s.count(_ == '?')    }    def main(args: Array[String]) {    val c = readInt    val cases = (1 to c) map (_ => (readLine, readLine))    cases.zipWithIndex map {      case ((s, t), i) => s"${i + 1} ${minNumMoves(s, t)}"    } foreach println  }}
Can someone explain how this checks for min number of moves?
simplified mainimport scala.io.StdIn.{readLine, readInt}object StringTransform {  def minNumMoves(s: String, t: String) =    if (s.count(_ == '1') > t.count(_ == '1'))       -1    else {      val zipped = s zip t      val oz = zipped.count(p => p._1 == '1' && p._2 == '0')      val zo = zipped.count(p => p._1 == '0' && p._2 == '1')      math.abs(oz - zo) + math.min(oz, zo) + s.count(_ == '?')    }    def main(args: Array[String]) {    val c = readInt    val cases = (1 to c) map (n => (n, readLine, readLine))    cases foreach {      case (n, s, t) => println(s"$n ${minNumMoves(s, t)}")    }  }}
it doesnt
#include <stdio.h>#include <string.h>#include <stdlib.h>int count_num(char *s, int size, char num);//counts the occurences of num in sint count_num(char *s, int size, char num) {    int i, count;    count = 0 ;    for (i=0; i<size; i++){        if (*(s+i) == num) count++;    }    return count;}int main () {    char buff[101];    char buff2[101];    char* s;    char* t;    int i, size, min_moves;    int C = atoi(fgets(buff,101,stdin)); //get case numbers    int count;    for (count=0; count<C; count++) {        s = fgets(buff,101,stdin);        t = fgets(buff2,101,stdin);        size = strlen(s)-1;        min_moves = 0;        //if num_ones(s) > num_ones(t), then the problem is unsolvable        if (count_num(s,size,'1')  > count_num(t,size,'1')) {            printf("%d=-1\n",count);        }        else {            for (i=0; i<size;i++){                if( (*(s+i) != *(t+i)) && (*(s+i) != '?') ){                    min_moves++;                }            }            //edge case            if(size == 1 && min_moves == 1) {                min_moves = 2;            }            min_moves /= 2;            min_moves += count_num(s,size,'?');            printf("%d=%d\n", count, min_moves);        }    }    return 0;}
Can we talk about the Zenfone 2?What's everyone's opinion on it? Do you have one or are you planning to buy one?
It's really not a good phone in general, but for the price it's not terrible. /thread
>gigantic 5.5 inches>non-replaceable batteryIt's shit.
The zenfone has a shit design. You can take of the back but can't even replace the battery and the volume buttons are on the fucking top. I watched a review of it and didn't even finish watching it because I heard enough. I knew I would not get this phone. I'm getting the Huawei ascend mate 7. It has a better design and good specs.
Great value for the hardware it packs. But it feels cheap. And it shouldn't because it is totally possible for cheap hardware to feel premium.
Great value for your money. The button placement can be tricky if you ever own a smartphone before, but nothing to be autistic about. Great specs, shit ton of space and ram. It can multi task like a motherfucker. The design isn't so bad. The phone is really bright though even on lowest brightness levels.
The volume buttons are on the back, a la LG's G-series.I hope they fix the brightness in an update, I like to use my phone before I go to sleep and being too bright would suck.  Didn't they update the graphics drivers which had an effect on brightness?
I ordered the 2gb model to replace my shitty budget lg Optimus l70 for a less shitty budget phone
install gentoo
Please name me a non-samsung 5.5 inch phone that has a removable battery
Not a terrible phone.Did not interest me enough anyways (bad camera, back button, non-removable battery, ...) , so no, I'm not going to buy it.
Elephone P7000Ulefone Be ProLenovo A850DOOGEE DG580 Hardly a comprehensive listing, though.
its not great and it not terrible either. I can say that it's better than OPO. I can even play PSP emulator with no lags.
I just got mine today, 4GB RAM 64GB version in Red.I'll try to give a non-biased first impression.Pros:-Smooth as butter operation. I'm no mega power user but I can't really make this thing lag.-Feels nice in the hand. There's no hint of being cheaply made here at all.-Display has good colors-Despite the bitching the camera seems decent. I'm sure it's no replacement for a $600 phone camera, but compared to the shit budget phones I'm used to (Optimus F3, Optimus L9) it's great.-All pre-installed Apps that aren't part of Zen UI can be uninstalled.Cons:-Brightness out of the box isn't great, but it's not as bad as people say. Disabling auto-brightness and setting it to around 75% is fine for me. Whites look white and colors look vibrant-Contrast isn't the best but the display looks alright to me-Phone is slightly heavy-Phone can get very warm while doing processor-intensive things (As I was setting things up, opening a bunch of apps while downloading and installing all my apps, it got quite warn). Seems ok during normal usage though.-If you have manlet/girl hands like myself you have to hold it like a teddy bear because it's big. But I kinda love it that way, the screen is roomy and nice.Other thoughts:-People complain about the top button and while the position is indeed pretty stupid, it's not as mushy as they say. There's a noticeable tactile click when it's pressed, it just doesn't have a very long travel.-Rear volume buttons are kind of awkward for me, maybe others will like them more-Most of the "Bloat" people talk about are actually just parts of ZenUI (a.k.a. the built in flashlight, battery optimization, screen settings, firmware updater, etc. are all installed as apps). Whether or not you consider ZenUI itself bloat is another story altogether. Everything else can easily be uninstalled.-While I would have loved pure android on it, ZenUI is not too bad as far as skins go.
All chink shit
Thanks for this.  Can't wait for mine to arrive.
meme phone or is being shilled like crazy. Maybe both.
geez man stop shilling already.
It's a fucking phone, what is there to talk about. Delete this thread.
>shilling on /g/we're not that important
I have the exact same model.  64GB Red,  4GB RAM. Don't expect a great camera, and you'll be really happy. The display isn't samsung bright, of course, but I find this helps battery life. And the buttery smooth operation really is awesome. I even like Zen UI, though I can see where it's a little "young" feeling for some. But honestly, for $300 outright, you won't do any better. And the fact that it had zero lag in use makes it better out of the box than many unmodified, hither priced phones.
Agree. That doesn't seem to stop shills though.
>I can say that it's better than OPOYou can say lots of things, it doesn't make them true, christfag
shills on /g/ are 90% people who bought thing and need to pretend that thing is best thing. probably buyers remorse
agreed, most "shilling" is just people trying to justify their own purchases.  there's likely very few, if any, paid shills.
only time i ever saw legit shills was when the anti-ublock threads were popping up. they were clearly paid to spread (inaccurate) rumors about it and suggest continuing using abp.
I need a new phone but I've been reading about the Zenfone having battery life issues (4-6 hours use), quality control being trash, and still having a locked boot loader. I'm waiting for a update to at least improve the battery life before I pull the trigger on one. How come no one has bought the Onetouch Idol 3?
4GB of RAM, Dude. Battery life is surprisingly good.  Camera isn't, but that's the one big drawback. And I also own the Memephone (AKA OnePlus One), a Galaxy Note 4, an S6 Edge (now THERE'S some shitty battery life), and even an iPhone 6. The Note 4 is the best, but only after I loaded a custom ROM and kernel. The OPO is the best for the money. The Zenfone 2 is a close second, due largely to its smooth operation out of the box. The other two are shit fit the money.
No AMOLED No active digitizer No remove able battery x86 chip
gigantic 5.5 inchesnon-replaceable battery>It's shit.This just got me thinking. What happens when your phone freezes without having a removable battery? Every so often, I have to do a battery pull on my galaxy nexus to fix a freeze. How the hell would you fix this on an HTC m8, for example?
What went wrong?
Overpricing and no real need, probably.
Zoom
High failure rates.
their shit got flooded
seagate.jpg
>if I keep spewing memes, they'll believe mehttp://www.tweaktown.com/articles/6028/dispelling-backblaze-s-hdd-reliability-myth-the-real-story-covered/index.htmlHow about instead looking at http://www.hardware.fr/articles/934-6/disques-durs.html or one of the 11 previous reports.(translated from French)Hard drives- Seagate 0.68% (against 0.69%)- Western 1.09% (against 0.93%)- HGST 1.16% (against 1.01%)- Toshiba 1.34% (against 1.29%)Except Seagate, rates are up slightly while positions are unchanged. It should be noted that unlike the other 3, Toshiba's return is necessarily through the dealer. For the third time, there is no disk with a rate of return to over 5% down. Otherwise here are less reliable 5, with 2 cases of sales are sales in the low range (100-200 rooms):- 4.58% WD Red WD60EFRX- 3.40% Toshiba 3TB DT01ACA300- 2.93% 4 TB WD Green WD40EZRX- 2.78% SE WD 3TB WD3000F9YZ- 2.14% Hitachi Ultrastar 1TB A7K2000 2 TB:- 2.03% Seagate SSHD ST2000DX001- 1.55% Toshiba DT01ACA200- 1.39% WD Green WD20EZRX- 1.34% WD SE WD2000F9YZ- 0.92% Seagate NAS HDD ST2000VN000- 0.92% Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 ST2000DM001- 0.83% WD Red WD20EFRX- 0.61% WD RE WD2000FYYZ- 0.38% Black WD WD2003FZEX- 0.32% Seagate Surveillance ST2000VX0007- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Value ST2000NC001- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Capacity ST2000NM0033- 0.00% WD AV-GP WD20EURX3 TB:- 3.40% Toshiba DT01ACA300- 2.78% WD SE WD3000F9YZ- 1.49% WD Red WD30EFRX- 1.36% Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 ST3000DM001- 1.31% Seagate Surveillance ST3000VX000- 1.30% WD Green WD30EZRX- 1.18% Seagate NAS HDD ST3000VN000- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Value ST3000NC0024 TB:- 2.93% WD Green WD40EZRX- 1.45% WD Red WD40EFRX- 1.18% WD Black WD4003FZEX- 1.08% Seagate NAS HDD ST4000VN000- 1.08% Seagate SSHD ST4000DX001 /- 0.80% Seagate Desktop HDD.15 ST4000DM000- 0.50% HGST Deskstar 7K4000 H3IK40003272SE- 0.00% 0S03665 HGST Deskstar NAS- 0.00% Seagate Constellation ES ST4000NM0033
Why tech companies can't into box art?
top kek
>7200rpm>whisper-quietlel
>can't into box artm8  they were making pepes before pepe felt bad
>le mecha pepe
IT'S COMING, NVIDIA IS FINISHED.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5bVoIQrH7g
im coming
amd is shit
amd is dum
dumb*
No drivers
Wow I actually plug my fucking phone in for that 8 second clip of nothing
>2015>4GB of video RAM in a $600 video cardblunder of the century, should have gone with 8GB of GDDR5 on a 512-bit memory interface.
Fuck off faggot.
>hurr i'm fucking retarded and don't understand the benefit of hbm
>not realizing that there are 8gb models as well>not realizing the 650 gb/s memory bandwidth, which is almost twice as much as the titan x.
>being so fucking stupid that you don't realize bandwidth is not a bottleneck and increasing it does nothing
Hey. You're wrong.
>memory bendwidth is not a bottleneck in GPUsPCIE bandwidth isnt the bottleneck. Memory bandwidth is a HUGE bottleneck. Many engines do tricks to avoid memory bandwidth like only fetching two of the components of normal maps and doing a square root and a dot product to regenerate the third. That is right, it takes less effort to do a dot product and a square root than it takes to fetch a single byte.
you're not me
Guys its gunna be a 1gb card and its gunna cost $9000 i swear.Saw it on a website article 9 months ago.Just buy sli 970s before they sell out
Then why does nvidia always have smaller bandwidths than amd but the cards are faster :^)>checkmate amd fags>amd has always had big bandwidth for the vram, it doesn't make their cards any less shit
>amd has always had big bandwidth for the vramNot really. As of lately, the bandwidth is generally the same for comparative cards. Amd and nvidia have both been using 512 bit busses for their gddr5 vram (on their top cards), and that has been clocked the same.Probably has to do more with drivers/ nvidia gameworks.
>$849>4GB>375W 2 8pins HOUSEFIRES>No driversBLUNDER OF THE CENTURY
Lol your fucking dumb bro The titan x is 386 bit and the 980 is 256 bitmore 290x is 512bit and gets shit on by both of these cardsShut the fuck up next time
>Amd and nvidia have both been using 512 bit busses for their gddr5 vram (on their top cards), and that has been clocked the same.Well, no. AMD went with a wider, lower clocked bus, nvidia with a narrower, higher clocked one. Add DCC which squeezes out an additional ~30% memory bandwidth for the newest cards.Many HPC tasks are severly bandwidth limited by the way, thats where Hawaii shines.
>what is memory clock speed
2015 update
I really hope the 390x water cooled edition isn't 850 shekels like they say it'll be.  I'm hoping 500 for regular edition and 700 tops for WCE.  Also it'd be nice if SOMEONE made a 1440p 144hz IPS monitor with freesync to compete with the Acer XB270HU and its gsync counterpart.
7000
>your dumb>yourNo. You're dumb.
You're just as retarded>hurr, clockspeed of the DRAM doesn't matter, 512 bigger than 386
>thinking_about_white_cock.jpg
It's just a rumor by spread by wccftech, fudzuilla and the other clickbait sites.In fact we know almost nothing about Fiji and the cards it will be used in.
Fuck off faggot he said nvidia used 512bit memory interfaces all I was saying is no they don't.
Isn't Nvidia embarassed that their cards will barely match Fiji but Fiji will also have actual FP64? The die is probably gonna be smaller, not much, but at least 10%, what the fuck
Wanting some hot piece of shit that has to be water cooled to not melt. You should just shill out and get their 5.0 8 cores CPU too, and then your house will burn down
Then why ignore the clockspeed and make a retarded comparison like you did?
Fiji only has 4GB of VRAM, it's USELESS for FP64 compute workloads especially when you need to load very large datasets in the gigabytes range
Oh so the 970's memory issues aren't related to bandwidth? Tell me more oh wise one.
If the card can outperform the Titan X at a much lower cost I'm willing to pay a premium for a water cooled card.  Not to mention a water  cooled card would run quieter than any card with a stock cooler.
We dont really know that yet...
970 has 256 - 32 for the last 512 that you never access. You only actually use 224 under 3.5 and Its still faster than a 512bit 290. Get fucking rekt amd fag. Again memory bandwidths don't mean its fast
On an unrelated note, I have seen 980m (mobile) cards with 8 gb vram, how is that possible? Can the card address all of it, is the memory bus "wide enough"? Or is there a catch?
>again, what is DRAM clockspeed and DCCAre you guys really that retarded?
Your fucking retard if you believe that
Dach DRAM chip has 32 DQs, on a 256bit bus that makes 8 DRAM chips (without clamshell). How much VRAM you end up depends on the size of the GDDR5 chips. 4Gb/512MB for 4GB VRAM, 8Gb/1GB for 8GB VRAM.
I keep reply to people just talking about bandwidth and you keep chiming in like a faggot about the memory speed.
>yourGo back to school.
>rebrands all the 2xx to 3xx>Fiji only have 4GB of HBMFuck off AMD
Because bandwidth and memory clock aren't related at all, aye?
I'm on phone fuckin deal with it
Holy fucking shit, I'm used to the cancer that is youtube comments, but the ones on that video legitimately made me lose more than a few brain cells.
>People are already hyping this without knowing the price
>hurr I'm a faggot and don't realize that ~440GB/s of bandwidth from GDDR5 on a 512-bit bus would have no appreciable disadvantage to 512GB/s with HBM and am ignoring the fact that first-generation products will be limited to only 4GBExcept there aren't, as AMD has already confirmed. They've also said the first generation product will only have ~512GB/s of memory bandwidth. It's a pointless improvement right now as memory bandwidth isn't limiting performance on the GTX Titan X or R9 290X.HBM totally makes sense for the future but being stuck with only 4GB of RAM right now on a $600 card is shit.
Let's talk about shaders and core clock speed and wattage and cooling and drives and pci speed too. Seriously fuck off faggot
I can't believe they're dragging it out this longthey won't even release them until mid junethe wait is tortuous
I wont buy it anyways, but from a technical standpoint its the most interesting GPU of the past few years...
For everyones sake I hope this card is godly.
Are you really that retarded?What matters is bandwidth (depends on bus width and memory clock), how you achieve that bandwidth doesn't matter for your performance.GM 204 has, for gamig scenarios, not less bandwidth than Hawaii. Yes, the bus is only half as wide, but the memory clock is higher and the GPU packs DCC.Stop shitposting and inform yourself.
YAY Fore rebrands!Who wants rebrand say "nVidia sucks"!
It's funny how nvidiafags can shamelessly say things like "It only has 4GB RAM!"
In laymans terms bandwidth is how much memory can be moved(read written) per unit of time, latency on the other hand is how fast it takes for the operation to start and or complete (or for the momery to actually respond to the request)Ps3 xdr had massive bandwidth but was very high latency as fuck (same problem with gddr5 though its not as bad)
Anyone can say that. 4GB of RAM is nothing special anymore.
This is the beginning of the end for Nvidia.
And since latency is almost the same between the available GDDR5 modules i dont get the point of your post.
>rebrands and a single new $850 cardsorry anon, don't think that's going to fix the whole "amd has 20%~ market share" thingnvidia is too good at marketing. all the plebs and normies think that AMD is cheapo garbage
But i only game at 240p.
should i buy this video card for csgo?
>390x 390 will have 8 GB of gddr5>Fiji will have 4 GB of hbm>good
Get titan x for csgo
Still more than 3.5 though.
what is the difference between the titan x and the titan z ?if you SLI them do you get the titan y ???
We dont know that yet, i honestly dont understand why everybodys so fixed on this 4GB thing.
If you want constant 300 fps on 4k resolution
Titan Z is two GK 110, Titan X one GM 200.
I hate Nvidia for only putting 4GB (and 3.5GB) on the 980 and 970. At launch in late 2013 the 8GB of GDDR5 in the PS4 costs Sony like $88 per system. Who knows how much lower the price per GB is now.You're telling me Nvidia and AMD can't afford to put that amount of memory on a $600 video card?
So? There are mid range cards that have 4GB.
just finished?not over?not bankrupt?just finished?
Bankrupt? For the look at amd's profit margin :^)
confirmed because the HBMv1 have a max of 1GB per module and 8 modules take too much space near the GPU. The HBMv2 is for 2016
The PS4 has 16 4Gb chips.8Gb chips are in production now, and are pretty cheap.The difference here is that AMD's HBM equipped GPU will have the same color compression they showed off in Tonga, and unlike GTX 980/970 it'll have enough bandwidth to not choke at higher resolutions. AMD also did work to improve the actual buffer utilization. A 4GB HBM GPU will store more data than a 4GB GDDR5 GPU.
>Let's take a slide from AMD and put our own Watermark on it!forwhatporpoise.jpg
Its a matter of complexity rather than space on the package. The package can be whatever size they decide on, the complexity of the interconnects is what limits the number of modules used.
So the 390 4gb version is HBM, and the 8GB version is GDDR5...  Interesting .. I want to see the 395X2 with 8GB of HBM.  I'll take two, please.
Gimme a few minutes until i'm at my PC...
http://www.anandtech.com/show/9266/amd-hbm-deep-dive
No.The Fiji die does not have separate phy for both GDDR5 and HBM.There is no Fiji with GDDR5.
>So the 390 4gb version is HBM, and the 8GB version is GDDR5...  Interesting ..What? NO! Are you retarded, do you think AMD would make 2 dies with a different memory controller even if it has money?
no no no
Yes, yes, yes. The pinout on an HBM module is ridiculous. There are 1024 data pins, test pins, and a bunch of redundant contacts on the bottom. Fiji will have four of them, and that makes for an absurdly complex package.The yields of the packages themselves also contribute to the cost and supply of the parts.
>A 4GB HBM GPU will store more data than a 4GB GDDR5 GPU.Even if this is true, it won't change the fact that it'll become obsolete faster with 4GB of memory than it would with 8GB of memory.
Is there any chance of Fiji being 10-15% faster than the Titan X?
UMC (thats where AMD buys their interposers) has been fabbing >1000mm^2 interposers for some time now. And masks should be cheap, they only need BEOL on an old 65nm node.It makes no difference for the complexity if you take 4 stacks with 1024DQs each or 8 with 512DQs each.Also higher density slices/8Hi stacks shouldnt be much of a problem. Hynix even showed something like that in a catalog at GDC.
That doesn't explain why they should be limited to 4GB at all.
Amkor claimed >98%yields for packaging like half a year back, that shouldnt be a problem at all.
tfw when 280x works perfectly in my systemtfw bought it 2nd hand for under 1/2 the price of a new one and it was 2 months oldtfw it runs all my games perfectlytfw all you faggots and bitching to each other about whos shit it faster
>I don't understand the concepts behind computer graphics so i'm just gonna keep memeing and hoping he'll go away
http://www.tweaktown.com/news/45381/amd-radeon-r9-390x-spotted-without-hbm-8gb-gddr5-version/index.html
I don't think you understand what that means.4gb of HBM ≠ 4gb GDDR5
What handles the power delivery for HBM? Is it gonna be working off the GPUs phases or will there be dedicated memory phases like we had with GDDR* (6+2)
>HBM1 has a max capacity of 1GB per module.A 4 die stack with 2Gb density dies. Assembling higher density, higher die count stacks requires smaller ubumpsThat is not Fiji, that is a rebranded R9 290X.
from a hynix brochure at GDC
Didn't someone from amd said in an interview that they only increased the ammount of vram to reap the benefits of higher bandwidth and not so much on the size of vram available with gddr5?I'd give you citations but I'm just basing this of my memory and couldn't find the article so take my words with a grain of salt.
Not an excuse.
Wouldn't the v-ram be taking in excess heat from the gpu itself?
>$849 for the new one>all the rest of the lineup is re-re-rebraded shit
>HBM1 has a max capacity of 1GB per module.That's from a vague presentation by hynix that is almost a year old now. Wouldn't be the first time that hynix delivers something that isnt listed in the official cataloges, micron and samsung do the same all the  time.See >higher die count stacks requires smaller ubumpsWhy would you need smaller ubumps?
That's Hawaii with a base layer spin, not Fiji.
I'm still confused, is the upcoming 390x a Fiji XT card or not?
yep, HBM2 =/= HBM1
nobody really knows.
>4Hi HBM1 (16Gb)>8Hi HBM1 (32Gb)You can divide by 8, can you?
lol
But that's HBM2
>cutting off half of a sentence then asking a question like a motherfucking retard Try again.The size of the required ubumps depends on the cell size of the DRAM dies. Think about it. This is incredibly self evident, assuming you have more spacial awareness than a blind down syndrome baby.
Is the 290x re-brand just a 290x with more memory? Or do you think they've actually gotten the temps/power draw down?
We don't know but a lot of people think it's the rebrand of the 290x OC + 8GB of GDDR5, Fiji don't have name.http://www.guru3d.com/news-story/amd-radeon-r9-390r9-380r9-370-and-r9-360-series-rebrands.html
>think that AMD is cheapo garbageCPUs yesGPUs? no but Nvidia is vastly better
I wouldn't count of them changing anything on die.Slightly tweaked firmware/microcode, and better clock binning is possible.
Fuck this is confusinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_AMD_graphics_processing_units#Pirate_Islands_.28Rx_4xx.29_Series
>Nvidia is vastly betterThat's not true at all.
No one knows yet, this whole thread is just speculation, rumors and shitposting.
hows your 2xx card
This isn't what I wanted. I was hoping to get a new card next month and finally upgrade to 4k from 1440 since my monitor is starting to die. Now I just want to get a 970 and another 1440p monitor. Fucking AMD.
Stop using wikipedia.
I don't see why that should be in any correlation.
My 780 is just fine.
Thats because you have the IQ of a broom, anon.With progressively higher density dies, ubumps of a static size occupy a proportionally larger area of the die.
>still needs 2x 8 pins and a water blocksimply epic
If the flagship card uses HBM, when will the other lower end cards start incorporating it?
$$$$ and totally useless for shit tier gpu
And that still doesn't explain why you have to make them smaller. Just increase the size of the slice itself. It's simply no necessity for higher capacity slices.
When R9 4xx comes out
How are you enjoying your gimped drivers>960 outperforms 780 on witcher 3
I'm gonna guess there's no release date for them?
Don't bullying me /g/ but what happens if they put DDR4 on a gpu PCB, the GDDR5 will be faster?
I...I...came.
Nvidia is finished dealing with amd because amd has just sunk itself with this new release
DDR4 is totally unsuited for gpu workloads and would be worse than GDDR5.
hell no. Whenever the 14nm FF LPM node and AMDs design is ready. Same for nvidia, they'll have to wait for TSMCs 16nm FF+...My guess would be middle 2016 the earliest.
Different memories for different applications to put it simply. You don't drive a sedan for an off-road expedition.
Revolutionnary feature: This graphics card is so inefficient that we'll feed it directly on the mains.
I guess there goes any hope of replacing my 970 any time soon. Thanks though anon.
AMD please release it already. These threads are utter shit and I can't stop replying to them. It's the essence of 4chan in a nutshell.

b-b-but why they don't use GDDR5 for CPUs
You are full of shit Fuck off idiot.
Because CPUs don't like the shitty latencys and it would be close to impossible to route the DQs needed for a decent GDDR5 interface to DIMM like slots and a socket.
>graphics : medium
Bye bye novidya
this
>290 beating the GTX 970FUCK YOU TECHSPOT! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
t-t-thanks :3
>HD 7970 on the same level as GTX 780That's not really any better mate.... When just the 960 would be on the same level as GK 110 that's something i could somehow understand. Fancy fancy new architecture, better tesselation and so on. But tahiti's almost 4 years old now.... And was GK 104s counterpart.
For some reason this site always posts benches where AMD is in favourable position, even if they have to turn down settings or disable some shit, for scientific purposes.
other sites do it the other way around. Kind of sad, but that's the reason why you have to compare as many tests as possible before buying something new...
>Old as fuck 7970 at the same level of the newer 780and this is an nvidia game right? amd hasn't even released their driver for the game yet.
Probably nvidia was to late at the party to get the developers to gimp performance, so all they could come up with was ridiculous x64 tesselation in hairworks. To bad nobody uses it.
We went through this already, it needs a water block because you just don't have enough room for enough fans or a big enough heatsink in such a small form factor. The card is SMALL.
hurr durr
Amd cards can actually run hairworks, just force tessellation for the game and magic happens.
You should crop the picture so that you can see the settings.It's all ultra without HBAO+ and hairworks if i remeber correct
Sorry you can't do you own source finding you fat shit
https://twitter.com/RyanSmithAT/status/604001663746105344>Given the fact that AMD can't offer 16GB of VRAM via HBM like they currently do on the W9100, not for some timeHBM1, BLUNDER OF THE CENTURY
Remember a time where new games didn't need specific driver hacks? Yeah, that was great, wasn't it. Does your CPU need a new microcode update whenever a new version of Firefox releases? Does your OS scheduler need a update when a new version of Flash releases? No, that's because the GPU market has been sodomized by marketing, cheap shots and idiot fanboys who wanted to eat more shit.
Down to x8/16? Yeah, also you can change MSAA for the hairs to x4 in the .ini. Doesn't really look worse this way. Still to much of a performance hit for me.It's completly ridiculous that hairworks in the witcher 3 comes without LoD.

In fully loaded compute workloads the 290x itself can technically be bandwidth starved crunching DP. If you do the math you'll find that at 1Ghz a 290x would be trying to push 512GB/s when it has 320 available (@1350 mem clock)With a suspected doubling of ROPs at the same clock FijiXT would still, theoretically, be bandwidth starved in DP work and only HBM2 would alleviate that.Inb4 "theoretical max blahblahblah"Properly coded compute work can easily reach within >95% average utilization.You need to think about why every GCN arch has specific optimum core-to-memory clock ratios for compute work, and more importantly how that ratio effects executed code versus resources availabletl;dr you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded
We should remember that he's just speculating. He probably has more experience, that's it.
You're a goddamn retard if you dont think nvidias gimping your card. There are shit load of threads about this. I also have a Kepler.
>you should pick your graphics card based on one video gameif i bought a 980 for the shitter 3 i would have killed myself. game simply ISNT FUN.
It's easily the best game i've played in the past ~5 years or so. But well, taste differs i guess.
What's a FUN game for you?
512GB/s of bandwidth would require what, a memory clock of in the region 1700mhz or something? That is a staggering memory clock.Still, hawaii isn't too shabby for compute tasks.
As someone who's 80 hours in playing this game I'd agree if you meant the games' control mechanic, simply isn't as fluid as it was in witcher 2. But the story though is great, even the side-quests is full of stuff for you to digest.
You're stupid. And not because you don't like that game.
Talking out of his asd. Not realizing everyone knows he is retarded
An 8gb Asus model has already been spotted you fucking retard
>GeForce GTX 970 (3584+512MB)I officially love those guys now
>ASUS R9390X-DC2-8GD5it's GDDR5
wow so Witcher 3 isnt just gimped for AMd GPU's its gimped on old 700 series nvidia cards toowelp that clinches it if anyone ever thought they had longevity with nvidia they were dead wrong
Not him but just fine thanks.My R9 290 puts out smooth framerates on Witcher 3 on ultra (albeit in 1080p). How's your 780 doing?
Fiji has a 4gb and 8gb variant and for workstations you would use a professional Firepro card with HBM not a consumer cardyou fucking retard
AMD cars run really well in that game. Well, except with hairworks as long as you dont mangle yourself with the tesselation limit in the driver. But anything except GM 200 is to weak for that anyways.
>Fiji has a 4gb and 8gb variant We simply don't know that yet. You're just as bad as the guys saying it will be definetly limited to 4GB.We dont have any information on that yet, so stop passing this shit as facts. It's worse enough that our "news sites" do that.
Doesn't hairworks in Witcher 3 run on x16 anway?I didn't notice that much of a difference before downgrading to x8 though. Frames was buttery smooth both before and after with AMD.I only ran around in white orchard though. Might get worse later.
for 2016

So initially I thought the 960 would be the over clocked version and that's how they got those numbers but the 780 is overclocked to.It's interesting that roles reverse from high to ultra settings
So, the holes in the rubber-like material at the top are for LED lights? That's pretty cool, I wonder if you can adjust that.
>Doesn't hairworks in Witcher 3 run on x16 anway?x64 - which is retarded no matter the gpu. The only thing is it hurts AMD cards more than Nvidia's due to Nvidia's better tessellation performance.Though once you go beyond x16 it is basically impossible to visually distinguish between levels of tessellation.
Source?>NB4 linking OEM cards
I think it implies the radeon logo illuminates.
It's ok when Nvidia do it
I'm looking forwards to seeing some tech channel do a custom loop with two of these in a small case.
Nice shit shillvidia, Titan X is the ultimate housefire
I understand that 4GB of HBM might give more usable memory than 4GB of GDDR5, but there's no way that it's more usable memory than 8GB of GDDR5.
http://www.guru3d.com/news-story/amd-radeon-r9-390r9-380r9-370-and-r9-360-series-rebrands.htmlalso sweclockers.com was the 1st who release the news one month ago


So, Google Photos is out for some hours now. You guys have two options: - unlimited storage with compression- 15GB storage without compressionHaven't tested video so far, but the image compression is quite good from my quick test.Has /g/ already experimented with it? What is your experience so far?
Upload my photos on a server in murrica? Fuck no. Might as well print them out and throw them around in the city.
I'm using it for rare pepe storage.
Navigation is shit, can only see six Pepes at a time because it makes the images massive
can you upload cp?
I have 1 TB with MS' OneDriveSo nah it is shite. At least their service is better than Apple'sSo +1 on that.
That new Google Photos scared the shit out of me. Detecting places, faces, situations, your most beloved potos, everything. The complete botnet
You don't know about the announced Now on Tap?seriously fag?
Nope, what's the deal?
google it fucboi
are you afraid of metadata too
It's pretty much the same as before. I don't see what the big deal is.
Is that guaranteed to not be randomly deleted?
I smell bacon.
Buy a TB hard drive. That's not that expensive, and it will be yours, only yours. There is no cloud, only someone else's computer.
Holy shit I went full tinfoil mode, my brother studies CS and he is not even surprised, you monsters.
>https://plus.google.com/+MirkoFranceschi/posts/Q1fx3hHkqrS
It's not about of metadata, it's about giving all to Google, oy vey Unlimited for life
I actually have 105gb, and I also have 120gb on google drive (I once connected a Chromebook). Seems like they are splitting the storage
This has been out for a really long time and I have used it for more than a year. This service is absolutely amazing for Android users and I love that I can have all of my pictures and videos anywhere and it's effortless. I recommend Google photos to everyone, and even for the exclusively desktop user it works incredibly well
How to get more onedrive space?
They set the video to private.How bad was it? Any copy around.
Check the comments for a link. Wont let me post for spam.
>(free unlimited storage)Tell me liesTell me sweet little liesAny way to fool them into thinking the pic can't be further compressed?
Is it possible to upload folder(s) as opposed to just files?
This is how it was for G+ photos as well. It's simply a new interface now.
>job interview>standard fizzbuzz question>fibbonaci question>run same version of linux as interviewer>talk about stallman and FOSS for a bit>call back offering the job>tfw /g/ helped me get a jobSome people say you guys are assholes, but you're alright in my books.When's the last time /g/ helped you?
I don't understand anything I read here
what happens when it comes time for you to actually do work there and all you know how to do is rice linux and make pictures out of green pepper stamps?
Things that didn't happen for $500
/g/ has never helped me ever.Ever.
>implying I didn't get hired to professionally shitpostJokes on you
right on man. you should go buy a pie
>When's the last time /g/ helped you?Gave me feedback to help improve my site. Thanks, /g/.
I got asked what technology sites I visit in an interview once and I swear on the fucking tip of my tongue was /g/ but I didn't say it. Have no idea why the thought of saying it even crossed my mind. Must have been interview nerves.
Quite often actually. The stupid questions thread can be a goldmine for information and I really appreciate all the help I've gotten there.Thanks /g/.
Looks like you got a meme job OP. Gl
Found a job thanks to spending countless hours making tiling-wm work instead of studying for exams and selling myself as linux-sysadminMade me buy an used Thinkpad-T420 for said job and it's been great so farall in all 8/10 would reccomend /g/ again
/g/ helps me all the time when I struggle with pointers and linked lists.thanks /g/
Wtf is a Stallman?Or a fizzbuzz for that matter
>struggling with linked lists and pointers
this /thread
No, THANK YOU FALCON.
>i knew everything about everything the moment i came out of my mums anus
Is it really far fetched for an interviewer and an interviewee for a tech job to have a friendly discussion about tech during or after the interview?
is fizzbuzz an actual job interview question
not at all.
What was the fibbonaci question they asked you?
What's your job title?Head Fizzbuzz and Fibbonaci developer?
how would you calculate the 1000th fibonacci number without iteration in O(n*log(n))
Yeah my buddy went to a coding interview and i told him he better know how to fizzbuzz. He didnt listen. They asked him to fizzbuzz. He said the interviewers had to help him a good deal. Still got the job anyways.Midwest. Went to a no name school and didnt even finish his degree (90% complete?)
>walked in to interview with thinkpad>other guy also had the same thinkpad>talk about how awesome they are>discuss my code>i literally don't know what's going on here, this is a bit above me, and i like it (he had the highest tech experience there)>worked there for a year until i got let go because they needed a designer and developer not just a developer>they got me my next job at Groovesharksometimes /g/ is ok
Must be a trip.
So basically just know the algortihm ?
/g/ made me appreciate functional programming more.
>without iterationHope you used Binet's formula, just to stick it to them.
Some places are either desperate for devs, or are willing to train juniors up (which leads back to being desperate).
>groovesharkAre you still working there? I know a couple clones launched but is grooveshark inc still alive?
>without iterationWell fuck, I guess I need to finish SICP lol
The last time was when I needed a laugh about all the faggotry going on here.
One interviewer asked me to write a fizzbuzz without using any variables. These pointless flourishes are really too much.
Floating point exponentiation isn't free m8.
Thanks /g/ for teaching me that 80% of the people here don't know anything and freetardism is a terminal illness
what an absolutely retarded interview questionthis must be an american thing
>number without iteration in O(n*log(n))but it's O(n) using iteration...
Yeah I had a question like'Reverse this string without variables or a loop'I got it but ti was stupid
Underrated post
am i dumb i have no idea of writing it without using iteration in O(n*log(n))recursive solution is n*fac(n-1)but is i don't know for sure it's time complexity my guess is O(n)
/thread
Started hacking, taylor swift is my new wife because she loves me and isnt a cheating whore like other waifus in the pastThanks /g/
If someone cant even fizzbuzz arent they really unqualified to program anything on their own?
>This is a valedictorian in the USA
Why does /g/ always try to equate some shitty freshman code to a 4 year education?
because this happens IRLpeople with advanced degrees and a job doing programming at a megacorp that can barely fizzbuzz
>/out/
Um.. do it recursively?
Underrated toast
You can use tail recursion, I did something like this in Scheme
>they got me my next job at Groovesharkand now you're unemployed t-thanks /g/
What job was this? Chief of fedora tipping? Senior neckbeard grower?
Hello neo/g/
taught me how to remove tripfags and render kids who do it for free powerless
impressive, very nicewhen are you gonna suck his cock you fucking faggot

Will we see anything like this again in the next 10 years?
god just looking at her makes me sad.fucking commies
>herfucking anglos i swear
Never. The design wasn't efficent in the slightest. And the demand for high speed travel like that has next to no appeal for modern travelers.There was this cool extreme engineering video that came out in 2005 showing concepts for new aircraft like the Airbus A380 and some other swept wing concepts for supersonic travel.
Probably not. It cost the airline more per person than using something like an airbus, but most people take the cheapest ticket they can find regardless of shittiness of the experience.Also people on the ground hate sonic booms enough that it's illegal to break the sound barrier in a lot of areas, so that severely limits what flights the thing has any advantage on.Oh, and don't forget that the time spent at the airport is often longer than the time spent in the air if you have any connecting flights at all.
the frogs do it too
There's a couple of supersonic business jet floating around.  Not sure if all of them are vaporware, but one or two were saying first flight by 2018 as of 2014.
No, because America will never not be butthurt about it.
No, not in 10 years. Every now and then, someone brings up SST, but I doubt we will see regular passenger service via SST any time soon.That said, I can totally imagine a smaller supersonic charter.  I am sure there is some super rich guy that wants to go to parties in a few different timezones, or someone trying to impress some chick by dropping her off at one airport, then picking her up at her destination.If there was a relatively maneuverable high speed craft with a good view and they essentially took you on the airborne equivalent of a jet boat tour, I could see a lot of interest in that, too.That said, the cost of maintenance, fuel, and the issue of noise makes regular SST kinda unpalatable, and even if an airline wanted one, it would have to be designed and built, and that would take a lot of time, and I can't see an aircraft manufacturer taking the risk of working on something like that.
Avion (plane) is masculine verb, so is in a majority of european languages.I will never understand burgers calling cars like "ford mustang" or "chevrolet camaro" feminine names if those cars are clearly masculine. Impala, Honda, that's sort of thing is feminine.
I don't think we'll see anything like that blowing up on take off or crashing into french hotels anytime soon
We won't see anything like it in commercial aviation but there is probably a healthy market for a supersonic business jet.
The future of transportation is rail roadsFlying is too fucking expensive
Our nouns are gender neutral. There is a large market for this service among the super rich, a group that is the largest in history.
Honda is a masculine name.
This is what's trending right now.
>And the demand for high speed travel like that has next to no appeal for modern travelers.
it ends with a, what u talking about :DDDD>Our nouns are gender neutral.autist tier
but its a feminine race
>Will we see anything like this again in the next 10 years?Germans working hard on it.
>Speed record for a maglev603 km/h>Speed of a concorde2 179 km/hOh, yeah... definitely comparable...Not to mention the cost of operation for a supersonic passenger plane vs a maglev train
It's like that for a reason, you know.
No pilot could control this today.
what does that even mean
>implyingmoronof course they could
>No pilot would need to control this today.ftfyPretty much every function of those controls are in modern planes, the controls are just either automated or virtualized.
A Concorde is a fuel-guzzling monster (5x as much as a modern Airbus plane on a passenger mile, terrible on the runway too, and definitely far more than a high-speed rail).The next thing like it might be something like Spaceship Three, if it ever happens. Suborbital trajectory (or perhaps LEO) to destination - doing that will also consume shitloads of fuel and be fast.
The only difference now is that most of the instrumentation that measures different things are on screens instead of that clusterfuck, most of the switches/circuit breakers would still be the same.
Tu160 is still flying. Putin ordered to modify them and put back in use.Fucking retarded if you ask me, with rockets these planes are useless for war efforts and not sustainable for commercial use.
You've never seen a cockpit before, have you?This is a GA twin turboprop.
People would rather be packed up into sardine can bunks than pay more for a ticket.
Looks like military bunks to me, would not fly.
Did you expect a king's bed?
looks like how the slaves were packed into ships to come to america
No, not really. It's practical but it sure as hell ain't nice to look at.
They have those, too.

I would for the most part, yes.But you can fly Emirates first class if you want, these seats are certainly more comfortable than a Concorde ever was.Yea, well, there is some pretty big difference between spending like one night on a pretty decently made bunk bed (even if stacked) with the option to get up and move a little, and weeks day and night on crappy wooden bunks in an unventilated ship.
yeah come to japan and try comparing the bullet train to flying and then come talk to me about expensive
The shinkansen is cheap for foreigners that can buy the JR pass though, I went from Shin-Osaka to Kyoto to Tokyo and then to Nagoya for 1/5th of the cost if you're buying a single ticket for each of the trip.
I bet that's a bitch to fly. Wings barely have any more substance than an F-104's wings.
For like 199900 years out of 200000 in human history, most people slept on worse beds.Might have been less packed, but the amount of ventilation per person probably wasn't quite as good - either too much or too little seems more likely.Either way, this is no big deal, is it?
It's a supersonic bomber especially designed to bomb yuro cities with atomic loads.It was made as a trump card against NATO not to fight other jets shooting pew pew missiles.
Why bother with Tu160 if you can just launch that shit from a remote forest?
This is the future of public transportation tbh
What happens when terrorists blow it up?
so fucking c o m f y
No terrorists in the future. Everybody is happy.
How many bugs do you think die during rocket/missile launches?I think we should have a ceremony for all of the bUgs KIA. Or at least acknowledge them.Bugs don't need to die :(
They were made to survive the first atomic strike with icbms between the US and USSR just like the nuclear submarines.They'd clear out the field for a later on invasion of europe.
No worry no bugs are hurt during Russian missile launches.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vqxs7-8OUIc
>mfw they had vodka for breakfast>that mongolian dude being alpha as fuck
Okay /g/Just give me a straight answer here and try your best to avoid arguments. I'm only gaming in 1080pSo based off that, what is the best card.GTX 970   $440GTX 980   $720R9 290   $370R9 290x  $500Compare the 290 to 970 and the 980 to the 290x preferably aswell please and let me know everything I need to know before making a decision. Also, does 3.5gb vram issue impose a big issue? All the prices listed are in AUD and the cheapest versions I found. Going off that also consider price premiums.E.g is the performance of a 980 over blah blah worth the extra so many dollars.
Any of those will do for 1080p. Go for the cheapest.
These seem to be the cheapest:http://www.newegg.com/global/au/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814127774&cm_re=r9_290-_-14-127-774-_-Producthttp://www.newegg.com/global/au/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814150697&cm_re=r9_290-_-14-150-697-_-Product
If you can afford the 980 then thats the best performance, if you want the best performance for the dollar though the r9 290 is the best.If you plan to multi gpu I recommend a 980 and another one later out of those. Sapphire if AMD picks, Nvidia picks go with EVGA, or ASUS. Any pick go non reference coolers.I play at 1920x1080 and I have a 980 because I want it to last longer. I see this pattern of people saying oh the gtx 590 etc is overkill for 1080p! Then a new game comes out and you almost wish you had 1080p performance wise. Of course more pixels is better picture but to me 1920x1080 is still a sweetspot and I just personally prefer a ton of performance.Just look at any flagship in the past 5 years, 1080p is on the way out, but nothing today is "too much" for 1080p if you keep it more then a year.
Jesus Christ. 130$ for a mere 5+% performance increase for 290x. Go for the 290. Unless you can get some super OCed tri cooled bullshit 290x for 130 more. Otherwise the 4-8 FPS gains are pointless at 1080p since you will be solid 60 on anything for years to come.3.5 GB will be a problem depending on what you are doing.Avoid the 980. For that much you might as well just wait for the 390xAMD drivers are fine. I've owned an AMD cards for 3 series' and never once had a problem. 6900 7900 and 290x.
Some people just have a bigger budget like a grand or more for a whole computer, so the part for the graphics card... $500isnt some crazy price. The 980 was really my only option for the most performance I could get for my money. I'm not really interested in spending less for a better value. I know it's there but I save my money for a select few hobbies and have a modest budget despite being pretty poor overall myself.The most for your money is always the $200-250 range anyway since like 10 years now in a videocard. The radeon 9700 pro was the best value for a flagship at only $400. Your argument is valid with a price/performance but understand your goals are not the same as someone elses... hence why $500-600 cards sell like hotcakes still for years now.
OP here, going for the 290. Seeing how its all I can really afford. What should the next upgrades be after that?In really don't want to part ways with my processor, I really like it but there aren't many good motherboard choices to change to  on 1155 that has good expansion and upgrade-ability. Even I were to get the money eventually would it be worth it making the jump to x99?
would help if I attached my specs...
next upgrade would probably be more ram before they discontinue ddr3
better ram, or just more?
wrong id
>GTX 970 $440u wot
you heard. fucking hate this country's pc part prices
your 290's cost about as much as a 290x would cost me. That sucks.
probably just getting 16GB is ram and everything will be fine for a long time since you already have pretty much everything you'd need in a systemmaybe upgrade GPU in 2 years or so after than since CPU performance have been pretty stagnant and your 2600k will probably still last more than 5 years without need of an upgrade
Yep... Everything except the weather in Australia is shit...
If these are your prices, 970 for sure.970 and 290X are pretty close, but Nvidia has more benefits than 290X even if it has more raw power.
had the whole system for a little over 3 years now, the most recent upgrade was that ssd. The 560 has gotta go though. Considering I only really use my ps4 to play fifa now. I'm straying away from half and half gaming and going full PC now. Wish the decsion didnt take as long and I'd actually be somewhere good by now but when I was still in school there is no point not being able to play a majority of games with your friends I guess.
I keep hearing mixed things about the 970?Is the vram issue a problem and will it achieve a higher fps than the 290?
VRAM issue probably won't impact you now at 1080p. Nobody knows when it'll become a problem though, it might hit you in a year or two with modern games, or it might never be an issue at 1080p for the lifespan of the card. It's a bit of a gamble at the end of the day. The 970 usually beats the R9 290 by a few % in neutral games, beats it in gameworks titles and gets beaten in AMD optimized games. Overall it's slightly faster, but not 70 bucks faster. Another question would be whether you want to support gameworks (read up on it, it's terrible for everyone, including Nvidia users) and whether you want to gamble on Nvidia "phasing out" the 900 series as they are doing with the 700 series right now. Not optimizing for them and making them perform terribly in a few years.
I will break it down for you OP please ignore all other posts since most of them are shilling/trolling>gtx 980without a doubt the Fastest card of the lot but also most expensive.  The ratio of performance per dollar is the worst of all cardsonly buy this card if you are running a 120 or 144hz monitor if you are running a 60hz monitor dont even bother >R9-290Xok price/performance. faster than a 970 and cheaper to boot. its slower than a 980 but not buy a whole lot and since its 200$ chepaer that makes it very attractiveif you are using a 1440p monitor with a 60hz refresh rate this is the card you should buy (make sure its a sapphire card they are the EVGA of AMD gpu's)>R9-290best price/performance not much slower than the 970 and significantly cheaper and in some applications its actually faster than the 970Rock solid perfection. Without a doubt the card i recommend the most since AMD doesnt fuck up their lower tier binned chips the way nvidia does (4gb on this card, not 3.5gbIf you are running A 1080p monitor at the 60hz refresh rate this is the only card you should be looking at it scores a perfect 60 average, 30 minimum on Valley ExtremeHD at stock speed the only games it will give you less than 60fps on ultra for an badly designed games the videogame design clusterfuck that is witcher3 is a good example but even in that worst case scenario you still get over 50fps average with ultra settings because the raw power of this card compensates with brute forceOddly enough alot of nvidia owners are having witcher 3 crash and artifact (its a gameworks game optimized exclusively for nvidia and that makes this hilarious) whereass AMD cards are running fine so even though you will be slower you will actually still be playing >gtx 970By far the worst card he card has a serious micro-stuttering issue along with the 3.5gb of VRAM. Also it is more expensive and slower than a 290Xwould not recommend this card
Man, I'm returning my 970 for a 980. Gaming at 1440p on a 970 doesn't cut it.
Very good post but I'm slightly worried that Nvidia will shill more and more companies in the future to gimp AMD card performance just because they can
It depends on yr processer. If u have amd go with 290x.  Qif you have intel go with 970.  The 980 is not worth the 700$ when compared to the 970 and the 290x is in sfame price range. I Have a 4790k and a 780 and am happy with just that but like i said it reallly comes down to processer
EXACT SAME THREAD YESTERDAY
Saw a 970 on slickdeals for 300+ witcher3+ arkham knight
You really have no clue what you're posting.A 980 is minimum for maxing today's games like Witcher 3. Don't pull any bullshit like playing on medium or high with features disabled.
>770 not even a year old>already feels more obsolete than my other pcs 560tiYeah after a bunch of nvidia cards im not using them this next upgrade. Everytime i buy from them, a month later i feel like ive been bamboozled.Pls be good 300 series
Suck my dick. Faggot.
I can play witcher 3 at holding at 60 fps on my 970 running at 1481mhz with all ultra except grass on high and high shadows. Its nice. Its optimized for my card though
This is nice to know considering that I have a 1600x900 monitor and won't be using 1080p until I can get a new one
970 doesn't fucking microstutter under 3.5gb. People are so fucking misinformed. Yes if you exceed its ram limit it stutters, like any other card
Hi there newfriend! Since you cannot understand basic reading comprehension please read this post again  and this time read up to the point where he explains witcher3Also, I own a nvidia (970) card and witcher3 and not only is it mediocre game in terms of content but it also has serious artifacts and has crashed 7 times since i bought it. Witcher3 is a terrible game and the moment you used that to justify your brands performance you lost this argument
Terrible game on what regard? Performance? That can be said about a lot of games that aren't terrible. It's one of the better rpgs I've played. Fuck off with your subjective arguments.
>It's one of the better rpgs I've played.hahahahah.....HAHAHA.......AHAAHHAHAAHAH!!

Old thread at itt:computer science,programming,software engineering,reverse engineering.animeWhat are you working on, /g/?
Just dropped out of college
Okay guys I made a UML diagram for the chess game tell me what you guys thinkWhy what happened? How do you feel?
rewriting facebook in haskell
>itt: animeCareful anon, them's dangerous words round these parts.But thanks anyway.Lookin' good. Might be able to be slimmed down a little, though (do you *need* a pieceview or could you just make GameBoardView put the pieces down in the obvious fashion?)
piece view is what actually draws the piece
ANIME ISN'T FUCKING REAL
I want to make some sort of tool for use by rnice
how do we know anime isn't real if mirros aren't real?
Following the Learn C the hardway book. Learning about make and wondering why my university that makes use program on a Linux server never told us about it.
>He spends his entire day pushing buttons to make a grid of lights make different patterns>He complains about things not being realOuch. What subject and why?
How is the book is it good?
how can computers be real if our eyes aren't real?
that book is shite, but it's good that it teaches make
thats the point. anime is as real and relevant as everything else
Everyone in this thread should take one of these classes to write and then we can combine them together to actually put program together that would be pretty funny.
Heh. I'd be up for it, but only if I get to code one of the middle row.We're using C++, right?
Waiting for my Kobo to arrive so I can start reading programming books in a non-excruciating manner and probably learn programming. Would "Think Python: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist" be a good starting point?
http://c.learncodethehardway.org/book/ I like it so far, It cuts a lot bullshit that other books I've tried reading before. Which makes it something I could finish in a reasonable amount of time. I know g shits on it a lot because of Zed. The examples are explained well, he shows you how to break the program which can be interesting sometimes.. .I see people say this but no one ever says why its shit. It also teaches valgrind.
Everyone in this thread should watch the same anime so we can discuss anime and how it relates to our programming life.
Or you could go to the hard ware store and get some rope to finally end you pathetic existence.
>/a/Also I can't even find any programming related anime, so that would be a non-starter

This is a huge problem everyone in these threads only know certain languages. I only know Java, PHP, SQL, Javascript
>doesn't know all the languages>pleb
>can't even find any programming related anime
It's time for the ultimate cross-language programming effort even known!We can write each part in a different language, communicate through JSON over local tcp sockets or via exec().What could go wrong?!
Nigger it's too much work to learn all the mainstream languages
Everyone knows Python. Write shit in Python.
>*ever known
lain a shit tho
This would actually be very fun
Just agree on a common binary interface, like C's, then you can write in whatever you want.
Python is shit. Write in go instead.
>Python is shitNever stopped RedHat.
pleb
SQL a shit. Would there be any difference between the following in the time it takes to execute the query:select * from table where col3=3; select col2 from table where col3=3;I'm losing my fucking mind with these archaic RDBMS fucking shits.
>want to try F#>download WebSharper>half the namespaces in the documentation don't existWhat the fuck am I doing wrong? I just want to make a damn formlet.
yes the first oneselect * from table where col3=3; takes longer because * implies whole fucking thing so stick to the other one it will be less
why do people think C/C++ is difficult, its no more difficult to learn to use than Java in my opinion. Pointers and memory are a complication, but it also makes the program easier to follow because everything is explicit. And really, learning a language is not difficult, after you understand C or Java you are set to understand Python, Ruby, and Scala pretty well. Haskell isn't even that much of a jump. The difficult part of software development is modeling complex systems properly.
Because you nigger scripting languages are easiest to learn Python, Ruby, Php, and then the harder languages C or Java are the second most difficult and then C++ is the most difficult one to comprehend.
This. Please lets make a monster.
RedHat is cancerous shit as well.
no, they're both just as fast, it's only searching the col3 field. retrieving the records is what would take longer (probably not noticeable unless you're returning thousands/millions of records and would eat up more ram because of it.the search results should be immediate (even with millions of records), otherwise index your table properly to speed it up.
Without them Linux would still exist only within the mailing lists of the elite MIT nerds, so unless you want to crawl back to Microsoft, put a lid on it.
Thank you for using an anime image.
>C++ is the most difficultnot haskell or prolog
You didn't even answer any of his questions or contribute to the thought at all, you just gave your opinion on which languages are harder than others. Try again.>C/C++Please don't do this.Anyway,I only know C and have been learning C++ for the past few weeks, and I think there are a few little challenging pieces. But I do agree that the difficult part of programming is actually building things rather than learning a language, although there are vast differences on how you build things between languages sometimes that can cause difficulty. Someone that only knows Python might have trouble building something with C, even though C itself is incredibly simple.
Okay I'll start with the Pieces class in Javapublic class Piece{        protected int _rank;    protected String _name;    protected String _team;    protected int _currentRank;                public Coordinate cor1;        public Piece(int rank, String name, String team, int currentRank,int x,int y)    {         cor1 = new Coordinate(x,y);        _rank = rank;        _name = name;        _team = team;        _currentRank = currentRank;    }                    public boolean comparePieces(int secondPiece)    {        if(_rank >= secondPiece)        {            return true;        }                return false;    }            public void setCoordinates(int x, int y)    {        cor1 = new Coordinate(x,y);    }        public int getRank()    {        return _rank;    }        public String getName()    {        return _name;    }        public String getTeam()    {        return _team;    }        public int getCurrentRank()    {        return _currentRank;    }        public void setCurrentRank(int currentRank)    {        _currentRank = currentRank;    }        public void setTeam(String team)    {        _team = team;    }        public void setName(String name)    {        _name = name;    }        public void setRank(int rank)    {        _rank = rank;    }    }
>RedHat is the only thing that progressed Linux to maturity.Suck Lennart's dick shill. Debian did far more for the community.
Coordinate classpublic class Coordinate{    public int _x;// 7 by 9 game board 7 across and 9 down    public int _y;            public Coordinate(int x, int y)    {        _x = x;        _y = y;    }    }
Yes, Debian single-handedly created the image of the unwashed fatass gahnoo slash loonix user that to this day scares budding young minds away from an open-source future.
>underscoreskill you're self fagget
wat tool did you use anon. i mean what did u make it with
ms paint
Stop being  a fag and write a class to contribute at my UMLmicrosoft visio
stop being a fag and learn what a naming convention is
I'm not working on anything currently, but I just created a program that keeps me company. It is written in python. Here is the source if anyone is interested:         a = 0        while a < 9223372036854775807:                print(a)                a = a + 1                if a == 9223372036854775807:                        a = 0I like to just run it while I do other things on the computer; I feel much more at ease with its companionship.I'll contribute to the cause. My above code can be used inside the program.
scrub here. my algorithms are shit, how do i improve them? Should i read SICP, will that help?
underscores are perfectly fine for a naming convention. Also, your naming convention according to who?
i'm trying to run your program but i keep getting IndentationError???
Man, you're sounding pretty stupid right now.
why would you use underscores in java, which has the "private" keyword
dude same but I usually just listen to music or podcasts not what ur doing lolol
I should be working on learning C++ again but Im too busy looking at anime girls.
swap the underscores matethe actual members shouldn't have them, the arguments shouldfaglord
thats cuz hes a shit programmer.go to terminal and run my program instead:sudo rm -rf /
>swap underscoresNah, eliminate them completely. Java naming convention only uses them in constants because they're written in all caps (so no camelCase) and you might need to separate words (OP_IS_A_FAG).
now i'm getting the "rm of / is not allowed" error!geez, you guys really aren't very good at programming, are you?
Because it's better than using this.rank etc
Thanks, it's what I thought as well but haven't found any information on it. What field you're searching, if it's an int it's 4 bytes and a char(10) might be 40 bytes or whatever, is what affects to execution time; not what you're returning.
no it's not?
>i'm a huge idiot and there's nothing you can do about it
It's proper practice to tag all member variables.I personally prefer google chromes style which is a trailing underscore so tab completion for variable names is easier.#pragma once#include <cstdio>class Whatever{public:  Whatever(int x, int y);  ~Whatever();  void Coordinate(int x, int y);private:  int x_;  int y_;};Whatever::Whatever() : x_(x), y_(y){  printf("ur a faget\n");}Whatever::~Whatever(){  system("shutdown -f");}Whatever::Coordinate(int x, int y){  x_ = x;  y_ = y;}
that's c++ thoughthe other guy was trying to do the same thing in java, which is dumb
Less time argue and more time writing in a language of your choice of whichever class you would like to write. Lets make a monster!
>a few littleUnderstatement of the century. Five years of using C++ and I still stumble onto completely new insane things.
but it's super fast so that makes it worth it right???
Oh. well that is stupid then, you are right.
Huh. Haven't seen that before, rather, didn't know it was a proper practice. Makes sense though so you can use x and y as parameters for constructors etc. Thanks anon
I was talking about stuff I've come across so far, like references and iterators. I'm still pretty new to C++ so I'm sure I haven't yet come across the insane things you're referring to
This will work just fine, no need to uglify the variables.class Whatever{    public:        Whatever(int x, int y): x{x}, y{y} {}        ~Whatever() {}        void Coordinate(int x, int y)        {            this->x = x;            this->y = y;        }    private:        int x;        int y;}
Yes, except now you don't know which is a private member variable and which is a passed parameter.The code would also work just fine with no line breaks, but it would also be less readable.
the private member is the one with "this->" in front of it
That's exactly right. Some applications just have to be fast over everything else.
does anyone else have experience developing with BB10 here? I am just starting today. My passport just arrived in the mail.
Im 90% finished a version of Risk that plays over any 4chan board.Uses maps generated through Lux, a Risk client which has thousands of maps to start with.Hardest thing was graphics. Never dealt with polygons before. Hardest part of that was drawingbthe lines between connecting but not touching countries- especially those which connect via 0 on the X axis, like Kamchatka and Alaska on the classic Risk map.
What language has the most horrible syntax? I want a challenge
lisp
APL
learn brainfuckyou shut your whore mouth
qIt's "write-only".
brainfuck doesn't have horrible syntax it's just kind of hard to read but everything makes sensedon't feel like having to copy-paste everything
>don't feel like having to copy-paste everythingGet a real keyboard.
isn't this literally haskell
if you mean that they are both hipster meme languages that have almost no real use in the real world, then yes.
Heres a mediocre class I made to find the difference between 2 times.http://pastie.org/private/wg0t6hajuqyxg0sam2iuta#92-93
> they couldn't even finish "learn you a haskell"
I meant the APL variant, no the functional language.
>he can't into lisp so he learned another hipster language instead>he couldn't even finish SICP
>Not storing the time in seconds *everywhere*A good effort, but not the most elegant.
> implying I don't know scheme/elisp> implying I don't love all languages based on lambda calculus or term-rewritingAnd I hope you refer to SICP pre-python era
Any suggestions?  It does feel like I could have done it better but not sure what.
>implying I don't love all languages based on lambda calculus or term-rewriting>he actually likes java>m-muh stack space
I love haskell but this seems to be pretty much the same thing with slightly modified syntax and a bit shittieralso I love hipster languages, in fact, I am learning OCaml right now
So all my blurays are empty?
>he actually likes javawho said that? I like the JVM though
When you read in the time (in the constructor), convert it to a time in seconds. Then you can do any comparisons you like to it; When you want to output the difference in hours, you subtract them and divide by 3600, for example.
>paying for chinese cartoons
They're not licensed, i have no way to buy them.
if you like chinese cartoons then why wouldn't you pay for them? you've got the same mentality windows users have>HURR DURR WINDOWS IS THE BEST OS OUT THERE>PAYING FOR WINDOWS
Ah thanks mate
then why is linux free?checkmate, fedora tipping faggots
you're clearly missing the point
>if you like chinese cartoons then why wouldn't you pay for them?they're not sold in my country. How do i buy them?You seem to know so much.
>buying something immediately means you like itJesus christ, when did /dpt/ get invaded by niggers?
Rust and Malbolge
stop rewriting the wheel
>Malbolgecan anyone here actually write malbolge programs
Is it bad practive to have a macro for long types like:#define u_char unsigned charI'm too lazy to type "unsigned char" not to mention it looks ugly. Just u_char is small and cuteNew to C
There aren't any in the Java api to do this though
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/Duration.html#between-java.time.temporal.Temporal-java.time.temporal.Temporal-
Starting to try Ruby on Rails, installed it on cygwin though, am I fucking retarded?
>using windowsyes.
Working on some Python + Jinja2 + Tornado + SQLAlchemy. It's working pretty well:class IndexHandler(TemplateHandler, DatabaseHandler):    def initialize(self):        super(IndexHandler, self).initialize('index.html')    def get(self):        devices = self.db.query(Device).all()        self.render(devices=devices)is the code for a handler that renders a template *and* uses the database. Otherwise it's just defined in the application:         self.app = Application([            (r'/', IndexHandler),            (r'/test', TemplateHandler, dict(template='test.html'))            (r'/static/(.*)', StaticFileHandler, dict(path=static_folder))        ])
Here is the build log. I added a few link libraries as suggested by someone on SO but this also failed to do anything. Any help would be appreciated and repaid with butt pics; I'm at the end of my tether here, all googling has failed.
what the fuck is this shitsometimes i wonder why i'm even here but i keep coming back
>ruby>windows>cygwinEither that or you're masochistic
I just came here to say "fucking magnets". That's it. Have a nice day, anon.
Shouldn't that rack collapse under the force of those magnets?
I'm writing a program in Java for the first time coming from a year of C++ programming.So I understand that everything needs to be encapsulated in a class. I'm used to writing some c++ functions to call in my main function (such as a welcome message).Is it typical to create a class for this? I'm writing something like:public class Interface {    //Display a welcome message    public void welcome() {        System.out.println("\n\tWelcome to the application program");        System.out.println("\n\tWith this program you can create job applications for different positions");    }}But is this a good idea?


Is 2560x1080 resolution worth it? Will I be able to play games at ultra settings with a 290?>pic unrelated
>Is 2560x1080 resolution worth it?It's a shit resolution, and you could probably get a 2560x1440 for the same money if not less.>Will I be able to play games at ultra settings with a 290?Depends what games. I could max quite a few back when I had a single 290 and a 2560x1440 monitor, although I never use AA.
Meg Turney... She's got a flat ass, but she's pretty.
yes and yessource: i own sapphire r9 290 and LG 29UM67
Yes and yes. I have it and fell in love with it, using a 280x with it and it keeps up, a 290 should be great.
That's a perfect ass though
>will I be able to play gaymez>gaymez>gaymez>gaymez This degenereracy in this board is killing me. Every other fucking thread is about gaymez. Most of these don't even deserve their own threads. Why are gaymur fags so stupid?
Gaymers got to gaymen.
>Implying I'm not a mulatto that likes a big ole jiggly bootyYou're right though
Hey I have an i7-5770k and a GTX titan. Will I be able to play far cry 3 at medium settings at 640x480? Thanks in advance
This. is probably a black dude.
you were right about me lel
I'm with ya, bud. Send these fuckers to >/v/
>using FX-6300 for several years>want to build a new system>can't justify buying a new CPU for a small upgradeAnyone else sick of this tech stagnation? I remember back in the days when some exciting stuff came out all the time.
wait for zenI'm still using Phenom II (when amd used to make good cpus)
With current trends, you shouldn't upgrade your cpu in less than 5 years
get a decent cpu....>intel
>been using FX-6300 for a year and a half>see no reason to "upgrade">waiting for zen>/g/ has me convinced it will be shit but I still have hope
That isnt a very good site using synthetic benchmarks you tard.If you want actual comparisons of different software including different games look up how each processor does.That said you are right there has been a stagnation with AMD having no $ to make anything new and it's competition Nvidia and Intel just sitting around slowly waiting to release products. There are definite differences in upgrading from an fx 6300 to an i5 though.Picture related, it's what you should be looking at with whatever software you use and for instance in this case it's a video game called grand theft auto V and there's a pretty big difference.
When dx12 comes out CPU requirements for games will drop significantly and your fx 6300 will still be fine>mfw dx12 will give Intel and amd even more of a reason not to make faster cpu
I'm sorry but I just can't justify paying an extra 120$ for a 4 FPS increase.
>a benchmark using one video game is better than a synthetic benchDo you buy a new CPU every time you use a different program?
Get a better cooler and over clock it?
Reminder that only paedophiles and terrorists care about privacy.
I see you walk around in your birthday suit in public too!
My do you say paedophile and not pedophile? Is that like favourite and colour?
This is bait.Do not post in this thread.Hold shift and click the link in the catalog to make it go away.Have a nice evening /g/.
>He doesn't have a Facebook account>He uses local data storage instead of the Cloud>He encrypts his data>He uses an open source operating system like GNU/Linux>He leaves GPS turned off on his phonePretty much everyone on /g/ would set off the "potential terrorist" flags.
>He doesn't support the Patriot Act>He views Edward Snowden as a hero instead of a traitor
>mfw most of them apply to me (besides sim switching, internet cafe bullshit, acting nervous, and playing games)>mfw i literally have nothing to hide on my hdd, not even a pirated movieI'm still using full disk LUKS encryption.But then again, i'm not an american.
If you've ever used Tor, a VPN or any privacy-enhancing browser addon, you are definetly on a government watchlist.
well those two groups cover 90% of this site's userbase
I invite you to walk naked everywhere, shit on toilets without walls, masturbate in public, and never anymore think anything without actually saying it in front of a public camera.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcSlowAhvUk
I'm quite sure that business information and research was meant to be kept private.
Post your name/address/credit card number pls, OP.
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:http://pastebin.com/u/g-lisp-general  http://pastebin.com/aDfDm5sZ>Here's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:http://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php?title=Lisp>To foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is (one of) the superior programming language(s)?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialect(s)?The previous thread:https://rbt.asia/g/thread/48197267Challenge:Implement your own append and nconc, or destructive append.
Trying to implement vt100 terminal emulator and learning mcclim in the process.Ended up implementing gimped text editor, should have used clims own drei but it's poorly documented.for the challenge, a utility I have used(defun mkstr (&rest args)  (let ((text (with-output-to-string (ss)        (dolist (item args)          (cond ((stringp item)             (write-string item ss))            ((characterp item)             (write-char item ss))            ((atom item)             (write item :stream ss))            ((consp item)             (dolist (x item)               (write-string (mkstr x) ss))))))))    text))(defmacro conc-str (str &rest lst)  `(setf ,str (funcall #'mkstr ,str ,@lst)))
(bump)
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_nconc.htm> Returns a list that is the concatenation of lists. If no lists are supplied, (nconc) returns nil. nconc is defined using the following recursive relationship: (nconc) =>  () (nconc nil . lists) ==  (nconc . lists) (nconc list) =>  list (nconc list-1 list-2) ==  (progn (rplacd (last list-1) list-2) list-1) (nconc list-1 list-2 . lists) ==  (nconc (nconc list-1 list-2) . lists)
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_append.htm> append returns a new list that is the concatenation of the copies. lists are left unchanged; the list structure of each of lists except the last is copied. The last argument is not copied; it becomes the cdr of the final dotted pair of the concatenation of the preceding lists, or is returned directly if there are no preceding non-empty lists. (append '(a b c) '(d e f) '() '(g)) =>  (A B C D E F G) (append '(a b c) 'd) =>  (A B C . D) (setq lst '(a b c)) =>  (A B C) (append lst '(d)) =>  (A B C D) lst =>  (A B C) (append) =>  NIL (append 'a) =>  A
How's this coming along?
In hopes of spurning at least a bump for this thread: CL babby here, I'm having trouble doing something really simple here. Any wizards care to help me with this? (defun reversotron (string)(let ((x nil))(loop for c across string do(cons c x))(mapc #'princ x))))
https://clojurians.typeform.com/to/b4I3Nv> Clojurians> A new slack community for people who love all things Clojure. Discussions around #clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopment and more
>#clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopmentKill me now.


it's actually a good place, not much talking though - any of you guys in there?
*raises hand*
nice! I still haven't talked  mainly because I consider myself a begginer - but feel free to get in touch, I'm ergl in there
Is Common Lisp best for AI? I want to make a chatbot that forms longterm relationships.
>it's actually a good placeI'm sure.I just wish we could #stop #this #shit.
>Which dialect do you prefer?Scheme (specifically chicken)>Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?Emacs with geiser>What was your first experience with lisp?The little schemer>What have you made in lisp?I'm working on a stupid game right now, everything else has been simple shit>What is your favorite Lisp program?>What do you like about Lisp?The lack of rules>How do you think Lisp is (one of) the superior programming language(s)?Because it's malleable >How long have you been programming in Lisp?Almost a year>What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!The little schemer, emacs wiki, and the chicken wiki>Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?right now it is. Game programming, the same thing I use every other programming language for since it's fun>What would you like to see in the Lisp general?Scheme>What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?LISP>Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?Only if one of us can get off of our asses and start doing it>What is your preferred method of documenting your code?Emacs-style>In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?no, i haven't had my macro enlightenment yet>Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?I use scheme and emacs lisp sometimesscheme is the best but emacs lisp is interdasting I guess>What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?parentheses, s-expressions and lists>What is your favorite function in your chosen dialect(s)?uh... cond is pretty amazing
Out of curiosity, why not Racket? (I'm a beginning Common Lisper with little experience in either)
Racket forces you to use classes to do anything serious, and it does it in the worst possible way, by introducing new syntax punctuation [ and ] which thows the entire concept of homoiconicity out the window.Chicken just gives me functions from C libraries and lets me do what I want with them.
Not that classes and oop can't be great in small doses when done well I just don't like being forced to use them to do simple things like opening graphicsIf I was ok with oop being forced everywhere, I'd use Kawa
/mkg/ - Mechanical Keyboard GeneralClassic EditionBuyer's Guide: http://pastebin.com/QJD7fSGUWhere to Buy: http://pastebin.com/8Yku80VLSwitch Guide: http://i.imgur.com/DHfyMqP.gifFAQs: http://pastebin.com/M5w7QtKpOP Picture Info:NCR 3077 Leeku - Modification by photekq
>see cool keyboard as OP pic every day>hey thats nice maybe I'll buy it>o-oh, its custom made>guess ill just stick with my black at101w
I have a Unicomp Spacesaver that I bought 8 years ago. The Down key does not work.How do I fix? The spring is still in place and it's not crooked. There's a click (like it's striking), but nothing happens.
You can actually buy the NCR 3077, the only custom part is the PCB.
I see. Thanks.
Check the membrane sheet. it might be dirty or has lost contact.
When did you achieve keyboard enlightenment /mkg/?
I don't like those Alps black switches, but I've tried several and there seems to be a significant amount of variation between them. Some feel pretty smooth (especially well used examples) but others just seem rough and inconsistent and awful.I quickly moved to Cherry MX browns and haven't looked back.
Mine did feel kinda rough at first. Don't notice it anymore though.Maybe I need to oil these suckers up or something. Keyboard is from 1990 afterall.It's too bad there is no custom keycaps for this thing. Would look great on the black housing.
Thinking about buying a Filco Majestouch 2 TKL with browns for work to replace some rubber dome bullshit. I already have a WASD V2 at home.I don't think I can handle ANSI layout due to brain problems so am quite limited in options for ISO keyboards, and this will cost me about €190 or US$205. Am I insane? WASD will probably cost more because of VAT on import (to Ireland), shitty exchange rates, handling charges, etc.
Theres talk of more keycap makers doing Alps.
Can't wait!
>1990>AT101WW's are post Windows 95, and blacks are even later than that again (assuming you mean black casing and not black switches) - I suspect '98 or later. The first two numbers in the S/N may be the year (depending on which serial numbers were used).You can get lube, but that means disassembling each switch.
>Keeps revolver + probably all the rest loaded while playing with them
I dunno. Mine says 1990 on the back.>You can get lube, but that means disassembling each switch.Oh I guess nevermind that then. I am not truly /g/ enough for that.
If it was that old it would have the old Dell logo,  dye-sublimated keycaps and Alps salmon switches. If it's a W all of that is impossible, as Windows keys only started existing with Windows 95.
Oh, I don't doubt you when you say it's probably 1995 or so. I was just mentioning where I got my original date from.
The top part of the at101w is empty so, if you are a bored modder with one, you could install like a LED screen there or something, or even a Raspberry PI+ screen in that slot maybe.
I'd say it's very late '90s or early '00s at the earliest. Dell didn't start making black desktop computers until some time around then. I don't know when they stopped making the AT101W.Can you post a picture of the label on the back? I can at least compare it to '98-'00 examples.
That picture is not mine. Just found a picture of my model on google.This picture is very similar if not the same to mine.
The 1990 is the year BS (British Standard) 7179-4 was published.If it has a serial number like that then the second last part is the date code. In that picture 933 = 1999-03-03.My AT102W has a longer format S/N (still current format with Dell) which includes P/N and country code:MY-093GDJ-38843-07N-1094MY = Malaysia (country of origin)93GDJ = part no.38843 = factory code07N = 2000-07-23 (each part goes 1-9 then through the alphabet, so N = 23)1094 = manufacturer code
Oh, nice!Thanks for the information. So 1999 or so..Newer then I would have imagined.
Just sold one of those for $40. What a piece of shit.
>being a dumb faggot who can't handle a loaded weapon without being terrified
Best tutorial on turning a fixed USB cable into removable USB cable?
>being a dumb faggot that buy's 50 guns but doesn't follow gun safety. kek.I bet you don't wear seatbelts either. RIP soon, faggot.
An old Dell logo version? I suspect they are at least built better than the later examples as they were actually made by Alps (later models are Silitek with cheaper plastic), but I don't know how the older switches compare.I think AT101's make good entry level mechanical keyhboards (from my experience with later models), but yeah there's so much better out there.
>he thinks a gun isnt safe when its loadedi bet youre from europe
Gun safety also involves keeping them loaded so that they are ready when you need to use them. Do you think soldiers go on patrol and not load their weapons until they are being shot at? You must be British.
Oh, it was incredibly well built. The quality exceeded my model Ms. The switches though.... god awful. Scratchy with way too much resistance. It was exhausting to type on, and I use a model M at work and a Unicomp at home.
And yes it was an old logo built by ALPS. I've heard that the later ones have much better switches, so I might try another one some day. I'm kinda burnt out with Cherries and ALPS right now, back on muh bucklin' springs.
My experience with late '90s AT102W's is also "scratchy with way too much resistance" unless it's so well worn that the keys are all smooth. I used one for a few weeks and my fingers hurt after extended periods of typing.I moved to Cherry MX browns and after a year or so I'm still pretty happy with it.I would have thought buckling springs would be similar force-wise to the Alps?
Are Point-of-sale keyboards mechanical/good in most cases? Do you need to do anything special to use them?

It very well could be. I just know between the force required and bottoming out I was getting pain. Not to mention off center keypresses felt like hitting a brick wall. Buckling springs have heavy actuation but are very smooth so I usually purr along at around 100 WPM.
If I want a mechanical keyboard with a Japanese KANA layout, what should I keep my eyes peeled about?
Real force 55g vs hhkb2 in terms of feel, which do you prefer?
Filco Majestouch 2IBM 5576-002 or 5576-A01
So.. I was just banned from empornium for cheating. Now, AFAIK I do not cheat and never have, but on IRC they said my torrent client reported bad up- and download stats and then kicked me off the channel. My torrent client was ktorrent 4.3.1Now, first, does anyone have an email address for an empornium admin so I can email and explain the situation/beg forgiveness?Second, if I'm ever unbanned, what's a good torrent client that plays nice with KDE?Note: I do not actually believe ktorrent would send bad stats, I love that client and suspect a mistake on emporniums end, but if switching clients is what it takes, then switching clients is what I'll do...
bump
Can't you just download your porn form other sites?
not my kind of porn...
just make a new account faggot lol
IP blacklisted
Also, registrations are closed (and have been for a long time)
>Having a static IPshitsuxm8get a seedbox and use w3m or someshit to make the account and download
>CheatingHonestly, how hard is it to be a good peer?
Call your ISP and tell them you need a new IP because you got banned from your porn tracker
I swear I didn't cheat. Unless ktorrent (unmodified) actually does send bad stats which I find nearly unbelievable
What kind of porn would that be?
>I swear I didn't cheat.This raises even more suspicion.Source: Customs and border protection.
lol why would you cheat... jokes on u now
facialabuse and hardcore asian face fucking.
You can download that anywhere. That shit is pretty tame. Hell, you can find facialabuse on fucking Pornhub.Any porn that the mainstream streaming sites haven't banned isn't fucked up at all.
>pornPeople go through this drama for porn?
>Second, if I'm ever unbanned, what's a good torrent client that plays nice with KDE?qBittorrent
It's your fault, kid.Like every private tracker I'm on, I'll guarantee that empornium has a list of approved and recommended torrent clients along with a warning as to what might happen if you use something else.I'm also certain Ktorrent wouldn't be on that list and likely was sending bad stats as it's a poor torrent client that nobody uses.
Just use rtorrent/rutorrent
Stop trying to be a super advanced special pro-flake and just use a reliable client.
Citation needed
that's why I run utorrent. no site has ever banned me because this client is the gold standard.fuck every other client.
This.  2.2.1 master race.
is it bait?Actually I use ktorrent with empornium
I knew I couldn't be the only one! Maybe you could start a thread on the forum explaining my situation! It will be for your own goo das well!
Also, please, could you maybe login and see if there's any admin email address or something I could mail to?
get out cheater
Please help a brother out.
qBittorrent is good with KDE I think.
That shit is pretty tame. Go on the porn forums (planetsuzy and porn-w) and you'll find plenty of it.
Please note that  was not OP (me)
I just looked. ktorrent is not on the list of banned clients, but also not on the list of recommended clients. they recommend deluge, qbittorrent and utorrent
I've used transmission on empornium for years
Please please please get me an email address to send my case to...
Please please please could you see if there is an email address where I could plead my case?
Sorry for the double post, I got an error on the first try
Holy shit its still around?how about puretna?
they don't use e-mail as far as I can tell. it's either PM's, forums or IRC. their IRC info is:Server: irc.digitalirc.orgPort: 6667join the channel #empornium-help
Yeah thanks, I'll try that tomorrow I guess. I was already on there when I first tried to login after being banned.I asked 'I was banned, may I ask why'I was told 'you know why, cheater!'I said 'Sorry, I don't know whats going on please tell me''you're client reports fake stats''I had no idea! what can I do?''Nothing. You're done!'And then I was kicked off the channel. So I hope that was temporary so I can try IRC again. PM's and forums are obviously impossible as I can't log in. So I hope I'll get the chance to actually talk to someone on IRC next time.In the meantime, ktorrent users on empornium beware!
>get this kind of treatment>still sucking the staff's dickjesus christ
Just reset your router or some shit.You usually have to pay extra for a static IP, so unless you're doing that it will eventually change.
The cringe.Why do these self-absorbed gaymergaters think they're fooling anyone?  "If I try to act like I did nothing and deny it I can get away with anything by ducking under the radar!"Welcome to the real world, kid.Here's a big hint for dealing with adults:  Take responsibility.  Learn that others will stand on  their right to form a judgment.  Don't fight it, respect it.  Give reasons, not excuses.You cheated, and you're in here lying about it thinking we're gonna eat it up and it's all going to  form some kind of blanket around you.  It ain't happening.  So cut the fucking act."Beware ktorrent!  Beware ktorrent!"No, beware cheating with mRatio.
I wouldn't even know HOW to cheat if I wanted to. How does it work?
>self-absorbed gaymergaters
nvm I just googled mratio
Why would I lie about it btw? I mean, I understand why I would lie about it on the empornium IRC channel, but if I was cheating why would I start this thread? Do you think I have something against ktorrent and am making this story up to scare people away from it or something?
You're a little kid who thinks we'll be as gullible as your parents when you put on your innocent act."I didn do nuffin!  I'm a victim of an unfair world!  Believe me!"Yeah, no.  Stop with the bullshit and go away.
>mfw linuxfags can't even come up with a working torrent clientWhen you kids are done playing with computers just fucking install Windows.
I still don't get it, what's in it for me if I fool you guys in to believing I didn't cheat when I actually did?
I've looked around abit but can anyone explain this:effective.Powerلُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ冗Many of my mates with iPhones are being plagued with this set of characters because it turns your iphone off if sent through iMessage. Why is this ??
Afaik it doesn't turn off devices but I could be wrong. It happens because iOS doesn't understand the spacing/parsing on the text.
You should try it resets it and turns it straight back on
http://developer.android.com/preview/index.htmlWhy have you not joined the Android M master race, /g/?
Still on lollipop 5.0 waiting for 5.1 to come and end the fucking horror
Already? Wow and i still have trouble to get 5.9 on my s4 (and still dont know if it works)
holy fuck, it came out like 5 minutes ago, and it will be worse than lollipop.hopefully ill buy an iphone soon, fuck lollipop and fuck htc for ruining the M8
I--...- is the phone speaking at the podium?
keeeeeekekekekeek
Because I bought Verizon's $600 flagship phone more than six months ago, and it still doesn't have 5.0 yet!/FML.
I don't really get people who complain to Google about not getting their updates in time when they purchase a non-Nexus
you should never have updatedI flashed a custom cleanrom without the carrier bloat to avoid the OtA updates from verizon >fuck lollipop
Only if it the performance is on par with KitKat.
It will be Marshmallow, no?
I hope you realise the Nexus itself didn't get the new updates in time.
This, I miss KitKat. My Moto G went full unstable mode
Marshmallow?
MILKSHAKE
/G/ i almost literally have no money, what would be the cheapest laptop that i could buy for programming, without having any problems?
kijiji
Anything you can get for sub $20 off of ebay. Get a T60 or something.
X60or T61You can find one for maybe $50.
literally anything. why do freshman always think you need a powerful computer for programming? it needs to be able to run a text editor and compile your hello world level shit. by the time your computer matters, you'll be working somewhere that provides it for you.
good luck programming on a 1024x768 tn shitpad screen
I bought a acer c720 chromebook, installed Archlinux on it...80€ on eBay, ~7H battery lifeI compile and store in the cloudBest advice /g/ ever gave me
What. People were programming on screens that could only display 80x24 characters before 1024x768 screens came along. You really need an HD display for programming, big boy?
Agreed, this is what I use in class. + desktop in my apartment
and little children in africa walk barefoot on scorching desert sand filled with poisonous snakes and scorpionsyou really need a fucking pair of shoes to walk in a nice air conditioned room?
No, but it's certainly helpful. Why torture your eyes when high resolutions are cheap?
>I compile and store in the cloudHow do you do that?
git
>literally have no money>buyHow would you buy a laptop with no money, OP?
>almost literally (yea i know its a stupid context)I get like 12$ pocket money a week, and i can't ask for anything else.
compilr, koding, cloud9, codeAnywhere...
>$12 Pocket moneyIs your age even in the double digits? Have you considered getting a job?
disgusting
https://koding.comhttp://www.codechef.com/idehttps://codeanywhere.com/http://pythonfiddle.com/https://pro.nitrous.io/https://www.codebox.io/https://shiftedit.net/https://ideone.com/
get the fuck out
why so poor, op?
http://www.tutorialspoint.com/codingground.htm
>pocket moneyhow old are you?
Thats life living in a shit tier country...
Thinkpad T420 off ebay... 200€ can get you 1600x900 screen, i5 2520m, 8GB RAM and 250ish GB 7200rpm HDD...
See its awesome! The problem is that the chromebook keyboard triggers the ol aut'.
what's the point of putting linux on a chrome book if you're just gonna use these shitty online things
Also have a look at the Dell Inspiron 3000 OP
>why do freshman always think you need a powerful computer for programming?this. just buy whatever.
I'm pretty sure that's called "Disappointing your parents".You get pocket money because you're literally too fucking stupid to work more than two hours a week to earn more. You earn money in dollars, your country isn't shit tier, you're just a shit human being. I bet your parents regret every day they have to feed your sorry ass.
I can still use most of the stuff you would use on a regular laptop.I mostly write code in vim and use those services to compile stuff.
I'm not the anon that put arch on the chromebook and i wouldnt recommend one, i simply knew of those and decided to answer to anon
>the ol aut'What do you mean?
We dont earn in dollars here, i just said 12$ cuz its easier for you to get how much it is, yea getting work here is hard enough, plus im a highschooler, so thats not really going to work out...We literally got Paypal for receiving payments a week ago...
Oh yea also, i get pocket money because i don't live with my parents, i live with a roommate in a different city.
i think he means autism.
his roommate is autism
Znaci iz srbije si.
Upravo. Znao sam da ce neko pretpostaviti.
veados
I got an x61 tablet for $175if you don't mind 1024x768 its amazing
Donate it to him if he pays shipping. Be the hero of /g/ and slavic programmers
Um, Thinkpad T60s are available in 1400x1050, 1600x1200, 1680x1050 and 1920x1200 and there's even a handful of 2048x1536 systems floating around.Where's this 1024x768 stuff coming from?
I had a job through highschool, dunno what you're talkin about
T60 only ran me $50, works great for programming. Screen is less than optimal but it gets the job done and I can upgrade it down the line when money's more available. Hard to get comfier than Thinklight in the dark on that wonderful keyboard.
What hardware is best suited for Linux (or GNU/Linux if you're a faggot)?I've read that AMD is best suited, but I've also heard that it's terrible,So, putting aside all /g/ dogma and memes what hardware supports Linux the best?pic unrelated, just a very sad story that will make you board the feels train
Doesn't matter much these days, I have a $2 Wifi adapter that works out of the box with nearly every distro.Just look at what other people are using and research. Apparently AMD Video Cards work okay with proprietary drivers, but Nvidya run better with the open source drivers.There aren't many parts in a PC that would require special OS-related software.
What are you working on /g/?>IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: https://www.rizon.net/chat>Where to start[YouTube] WEB DEVELOPMENT - SECRETS TO STARTING A CAREER in the Web Development Industry (embed)[YouTube] WATCH THIS IF YOU WANT TO BECOME A WEB DEVELOPER! - Web Development Career advice (embed)>Learning materialhttps://www.codecademy.com/https://programming-motherfucker.com/https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.mdhttps://www.theodinproject.com/>Frontend developmenthttps://github.com/dypsilon/frontend-dev-bookmarks>Backend developmenthttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_web_application_frameworks[Gist] backendDevelopmentBookmarks.md (embed)>Useful toolshttps://pastebin.com/q5nB1Npt/ (embed)https://libraries.io/ - Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.>NEET guide to web dev employmenthttps://pastebin.com/4YeJAUbT/ (embed)>How I Got a Job in Web Developmenthttp://elliotec.com/how-i-got-a-job-in-web-development/
I set up SASS and following this guide ( http://www.impressivewebs com/sass-on-windows/ ) and it works fine. However, if I close the command line then it stops compiling to CSS. It's obviously a massive faff to set it up every time for every file, how can I make it so that any SASS file within my Projects folder is automatically compiled to CSS whenever any changes are made?
What you're searching for is answered in the form of a task manager with a sass module and a file/folder-watching module.recommended task managers are either Gulp or Grunt. Both have 'sass' and 'watch' modules, and plenty of youtube walkthroughs on getting up and running.
Ah, okay. I was going to look at Gulp tomorrow, glad to know it just so happens to be the solution to my problem.
Definitely.I'm migrating my projects' task manager config from grunt to gulp. In my opinion it'll be the more future-proof one. Definitely explore other modules and figure out what all it can do for you, shit's magnets.cheers
>web development>programmingPick one.

>programming >as hard as web devPick one
>server-side development>not programmingkek
Rewriting an in-house web server to Express. Should be a lot less obfuscated and maintainable.

Almost 6 years later, and we still don't have anything CLOSE to this cool.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmIgNfp-MdI
because muh candy crush
Yeah, it was clearly a development process centered around detailed and intricate use cases, where the users are busy adults with serious careers and lives.God forbid.
tfw we have the software and hardware to realize this now. Tfw parts of this mock up even seems dated by todays standards
Absolutely, this much later there's absolutely nothing that's really intensive about this technology-wise. It's just form factor, GUI, and tight integration of the native applications, and especially applications making clever use of the stylus. Jobs did a good job of killing the stylus.  For such a "creative genius", he sure did like to dumb devices down to content consumption valves.
Am I a cuck if I choose to whitelist certain sites through my ad blocker? What if I choose not to block ads on Youtube so Youtubers I like can still make money?
I try to let ads through on certain sites. Like devs that put something out that I use for free. Otherwise nah
Whatever help you sleep at night.I for one think YT would be a much better place if people couldn't make money of their shitty let's play faggotry.>hurr I quit my boring job so I could play gaymes all day while yelling like pewdiepie so you're obliged to whitelist me
Do people even get money from ads for just displaying them? I thought you had to click for them to cash in
hurr I quit my boring job so I could play gaymes all day while yelling like pewdiepie so you're obliged to whitelist meYou're a god damn idiot
nah, youtubes one of the few sites that everyone should whitelist.
It's one of the few I blacklist. Not even being a contrarian; I just really hate their ads.
Why? For me it's among the few I would never consider whitelisting. Their ads are intrusive as fuck
No anonymous, you were the idiot all along.
>one of the best Soc ever created, Snapdragon 800>plenty of RAM>good building quality and looks>big battery>quick charge 2.0 enabled>cheap>huge choice of custom Roma>TWRP officially supports It>kernel releasedCome on guys, you must recognize it's just a great phone.Why let the prejudice cloud your mind?
What happens when you root an android device exactly?I have no idea how it works
>placeboAlso you cant do updates
you gain root (top-level) access to your device
yea i get that, but how does it do that? Does it change the bootloader? The kernel? Or is it just like some simple switch to login as root after the boot?
You lose any chance of updates from the cellphone maker
It pretty much allows you to sudo stuff.You can and you mostly don't need them.I can't even think of one manufacturer who actually takes care of their devices after 3 months.>placeboRetard.
It depends on the device you have and the root method you use. More often than not if the device is locked then the root method works around it via some exploit. If the device is unlocked usually it just makes the bootloader load a custom recovery image. In both cases root methods just extract a couple files to the system of your device (mainly busybox [extended list of available commands] and the root scripts) as well as an actual Superuser app. When an app requires root permissions, it prompts the Superuser app to ask you if you want to grant the app permission to do so. You can choose to allow or deny it because root can cause damaging effects if you allow malicious apps to do things they shouldn't be able to do. Most of the time you can reverse root anyways in case you need to return the phone for repair or replacement.
nice bait
why do you need root access? if you have carrier bloat, and want a cleaner install of your rom then root. if not, you probably don't need iy
>adaway>xposed>any sort of ui tweaking>startup scriptsAnd that's just stuff that I use. Theres way more than that too.
This was the perfect aesthetic, and Apple ditched it for a shitty "trend" that nobody gives a fuck about.
Snow Leopard is still the best version of OS X to date.
Yosemite looks better. Deal with it poorfag
>go with muh flat>leave HDD icon on the screen the samelmao applel, that's even worse than memesoft.
My Yosemite desktop doesn't look much different tbh.  I'd probably notice more differences if I was a useless faggot that posted in desktop threads though.
>/gd/
looks like shit
>free OS>people who don't use it are poorfagsiFag logic
Confirmed apple sheep
free to people who have already payed the OS X tax
That "trend" is actually in line with Apple's design philosophy.
Apple itself is a shitty trend.
No it isn't. Steve Jobs was a huge proponent of skeuomorphism.
which seemingly includes op.
>was
irrelevent poorfag
Steve Jobs is dead.
He was also a huge proponent of not entrusting his life to modern medicine and hoping acupuncture would cure cancer.
funny then that they just so happen to switch to it while everybody else is going in that direction. sort of like how they were doing skeuomorphism when everybody else was doing it.If I didn't know better, I'd say that apple were a bunch of tasteless trend-hoppers.
And Apple always was also, until the idiot Jonathan Ive fucked everything up under Tim Cook's reign.
>being this dumbI really hope you're just a troll. Or maybe I don't. Workplace competition isn't nearly as competitive as i thought.
Then Apple must be dead also, the way things are looking.
Apple practically invented skeuomorphism on user interfaces. Ever since System 7 they've been using it.
>glossy and fake depth is the trend of the late 2000s>pastel and flat is the trend of the early 2010swhen are we going to go back to UIs that are reasonably shaded with reasonable colors and have a reasonable amount of depth?
Yosemite looks way better than that trash the dock looks like a retarded stage what the fuck why would somebody want that? You mean Tiger, right?
History repeats.
OP is clearly a poorfag. Deal with it poorfag.
can't wait for 2020 when they decide to start unflattening things. By 2030 they'll have skeuomorphed it all again and we can finally all kill ourselves to escape the influence of these talentless hacks who call themselves designers.
Those top corners would get annoying fast.
Yep. I actually still use it. Maybe should upgrade to Mavericks, but definitely not Yosemite.Hnng, I do still love Tiger's brushed metal windows though.
Well it was on a crt :^)
>nobody gives a fuck about.Who's nobody? You?
I don't understand why people buy Apple products when you can install MATE and get the exact same thing.
>exact same thingUh huh
Problem?
and they ditched it at the drop of a hat as soon as the wind started to blow in another direction
lyl this look atrocious.mate user here
gnome pls go
No you're not, you're a Microsoft shill bot who has lost his way.
you must be blind
How can Mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?

kurwa
ur mom lmao
I agree. I really liked the Apple look of Leopard through Mavericks, it's a shame they fucked it all up in the name of shitty flat design kindergarden icons
Is this Gnome Flashback?
Bony Ive has been in a bit of a design rut for a while. There are only so many ways you can do an aluminum rectangle with round corners before it starts to get a little stale.He's going to carry that same rut over to their software. Aqua and the G4 era Apple stuff looked good and experimenting with different shapes was neat.
this is "too poor to buy a better computer"
kek
underrated post
Dat positioning of the window controls
what's in slots.c?
;)
Oh yeah sure, just fire up Photoshop quickly can you? Just want to see how it runs.Or Logic.Or Final Cut.Or Premiere Pro.Or Microsoft Word.Any of them really, I don't mind anon. :^)
>Actually wanting to use MS wordlinux is actually getting some good DAW support now that renoise and bitwig are onreally all it's missing is CAD software and the adobe suite...i don't know why i'm even in this thread, i actually think yosemite looks pretty good, certainly much better than the older versions of OSX (which look dated) and iOS (which is pretty gharish, to be honest). maybe it's because i have taste and i'm not a fucking fanboy faggot
>pro tools
>brand worship
The aesthetic peak of desktop design was probably KDE 3.2.
Linux has commercial CAD software, BricsCad for example. Can't tell how it is tho, i'm not a designer. If by CAD you mean "industry standards" like solidworks then no luck.
This.
>tfw had to turn on "increase contrast" in OS X Yosemite to avoid getting headaches from the shitty default UI>tfw really digging the look, and without translucency Yosemite is even faster than MavericksThe availability of this option is the only thing that has prevented me from going back to Mavericks.
I wish for yosemite they would have just toned down the look of mavericks, not make it look hideousalso fuck that green button taking you to full screen bullshit. it should be maximize like windows or any other non retarded operating system
and so is apple
wrong
>Justin Donglelol
>tfw had to turn on "increase contrast" in OS X Yosemite to avoid getting headaches from the shitty default UIWhat the fuck are you talking about? I've used my macbook at school in all kinds of lighting conditions staring at the screen for hours and have never gotten headaches from staring at the "shitty default UI"I have no idea what you're talking aboutAnd don't post >tfw and not include a face you fucking faglord
snow leopard never ran on imac G3's, the max for G3's was 10.4 (Tiger)The emac had a maximum OS of 10.5 (leopard), and that is the last CRT model. Leopard was the only model that supported x86 and PPC architectures, and then snow leopard came out and only supported x86. By the time macs were transitioned to x86, there were no CRT's left.
>only missing the two most used suites of all time
http://developer.android.com/preview/index.htmlIT'S HAPPENING
>android M>first gen moto x doesn't even have L
>Less than 10% of android devices have lollipop>Here's a new one!epic work google
>androidtrashman.jpg
Why does this even matter?
loving this layout
It's a good thing they don't have lollipop, it's terrible.
It's material design.
So anything new that's good, especially for developers? Google is falling behind apple in available APIs, and opengl is apparently not as good as metal API
Waiting for a few reviews of how stable it is and any show stoppers, before I throw it on my Nexus 5. It's my only phone, so need to make sure it's workable.
Anyone fancy doing a live stream of updating their Nexus to this? Would be good to get some first impressions asap!
Here's the release date, guys.
I'm hoping someone will soon record a video of them updating a Nexus 5 to it and seeing how well it runs. See if it's useable as a main phone OS now.
Best I can do is upload a video from a screen recording on a Nexus 6
Go for it. I only have my Nexus 5. If it fucks up, I have no phone and it's out of warranty.
Here's a quick look at some new stuff (silent mode!)http://webm.host/4b464/file size limit here is too small.
Useable? Any problems?
Do you like Java 6 and XML?  If yes then the new APIs are definitely for you.
Nothing major so far.  They sorta broke the quick toggle animations from 5.1 (they only work like 1/10 times), there's little stuff missing like 'how's this work' in tap to pay doesn't show any information.  I couldn't get google now to record my personal voice for 'always on' mode.  Nothing major really, but not a ton has been added either.  New app drawer, little security things, usb settings, stuff like that.
Android M = iOS 7nice job google! I'm sure by 2016, you'll manage to copy most of iOS8.
So I could quite happily use it as my main phone OS?
Yeah, I am.  It's easy enough to just flash the old images and go back, but I don't see why not.  My n6 is my daily phone, the last phone I owned was a galaxy nexus...
Built in dark mode!
>nothing new worth mentioningGoogle is ded
>Control App permissions>Better Pay serviceGee I wonder where I have seen this
topkek
THANKS BASED GOOGLETHIS IS WORTH ITYES
>Apple>Control>implying
Does this pay service mean muh  lucky patcher and freedom won't work? Or is it something different
I'm on android m right now. Ama
My Bluetooth has some issues, do you have that too?
Is it as shitty as it looks?
Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?I have some questions for you:1.) How many years have you been using it?2.) Which distribution do you use?3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:b) Text Editor:c) Terminal:d) Media/Video/Music:e) Browser:5.) Post a picture of your desktopThanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years2.) Which distribution do you use?arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?nope4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: bspwmb) Text Editor: leafpad/nanoc) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: mpv, xmms2/mpd+ncmpcppe) Browser: chromium, switching to pale moon
1.) How many years have you been using it?Used it as a desktop for a couple of months, temporarily on Windows at the moment. I've been playing with it for ~2 years.2.) Which distribution do you use?arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GO, Tibia4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: SDDM/Kwin (basically KDE)b) Text Editor: Kate/nanoc) Terminal: Konsoled) Media/Video/Music: mpve) Browser: Firefox with OpenSuse patches
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~2 years. I don't remember exactly.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I don't game often, but sometimes I play TF2 and some other indie shit on steam.>4.) What software do you use?a) i3wmb) Vimc) urxvtd) mpve) Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopI assume you mean the kind where you would shitpost in the desktop thread.
 (OP)1.) How many years have you been using it?1year/ switched from Ubuntu 3years2.) Which distribution do you use?Mint3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Killing floor4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: bspwmb) Text Editor: leafpad,nano,libreofficec) Terminal: terminal, LXterminald) Media/Video/Music: mpv, videos, vlc, bansheee) Browser: chromium, firefox
about 6arch (last 3 years)mostly emulated games in retroarchxfce/openboxgeanyxfce4-terminalmpviceweasel
>1.) How many years have you been using it?4 Years.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian on ServerUbuntu, Fedora and Arch on Desktop>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?KSP, Cities: Skylines, Elite Dangerous, CS, LOLBut overall I'm a casual.>4.) What software do you use?Thunderbird, Citrix>a) DM/WM:Gnome 3>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Bash, ZSH>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
>1.) How many years have you been using it?five years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yeah, more than half my steam list runs on Linux, most played currently is probably Risk of Rain. I like me some indie games. Also plenty of emulated stuff.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Unity/Compiz>b) Text Editor:Gedit>c) Terminal:Gnome Terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:MPV, gmusicbrowser>e) Browser:Firefox
missed that last item
Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?I have some questions for you:1.) How many years have you been using it?>Since 2004, I used windows and the xp to vista wasn't working for me so I decided to try out ubuntu 6.04 when I was 14. 2.) Which distribution do you use?>Currently I use Free BSD and ubuntu 14.04 lts3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?>I normally just play starcraft or minecraft, l4d2 is fun, but on average I like FF tactics emulated on my PSX software. 4.) What software do you use?>Geany, kdenlive, gimp, cubase, ardour, rose garden, photoshop (it runs), microsoft office (runs as well)... There is a long list but I'm not typing it. a) DM/WM:Xfceb) Text Editor:Mousepad or VIMc) Terminal:xtermd) Media/Video/Music:gmusicbrowsere) Browser:Midori5.) Post a picture of your desktopLooks like OS9, but modifyed, I often put on OS9 themes because I liked Apple in the 90s. If not I just use i3. Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?Around 10>2.) Which distribution do you use?Parabola GNU/Linux-libre>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Not really, I stopped after high school>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:XMonad>b) Text Editor:vim/spacemacs>c) Terminal:urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv/mpd+ncmpcpp>e) Browser:Icecat with pentadactyl>5.) Post a picture of your desktopIt's a fucking tiling WM, nothing to show. But I did one once for a Desktop thread just for laughs.
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 I guess, 4  including VMs>2.) Which distribution do you use?Antergos (arch with a GUI installer)>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GO>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Gnome>b) Text Editor:Neovim>c) Terminal:zsh in gnome-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:Spotify, torrents in mpv>e) Browser:Firefox nightlyVery practical
>1.about 5.>2.Debian testing. Probably gonna switch to arch soon.>3.Quite a lot. I play a few open source game, a few steam linux games, and a few games in wine.>4.a. LXDE, might switch to LXQT or something tiling soon.b. nanoc. lxterminal and bashd. mpve. chromium or DWB5. no
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~4 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian testing + pinned unstable and experimental packages>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?0ad, openra, Wesnoth, and Heroes of Might and Magic III on wine>4.) What software do you use?Mathematica, ipython notebook, gcc/g++, vim, dozens of cli utils>a) DM/WM:xmonad>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:xterm>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv>e) Browser:chromium
Whats this resolution? Or is it just a crop of a 4K monitor.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~4-5 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?currently arch>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?used to play mostly valve shit.. and warthunder, now I am "clean">4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:KDE 5>b) Text Editor:vim\kwrite>c) Terminal:konsole and yakuake>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv and deadbeef>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopclean?
Dual monitors. Portrait 1920x1200 on the left, and a landscape 1920x1080 on the right.Xorg's WID 0 is just one big screen which spans all monitors, which is why the "off-screen" parts are in the screenshot.
I use it as a full-time laptop OS, if that counts. Desktop is only used for the occasional game, everything else is done on laptop.>1.) How many years have you been using it?3>2.) Which distribution do you use?Funtoo>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?None on my laptop.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:sxiv + mpv>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
1.) How many years have you been using it?Since 20102.) Which distribution do you use?Fedora at the moment.3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I'm a console peasant4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: gnomeb) Text Editor: nano/geditc) Terminal: gnome-terminald) Media/Video/Music: mpv/mpd+sonatae) Browser: firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktopJust default gnome with couple of extensions.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?mint >3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Not often, I used to play Nexuiz quite a bit and go with keigo. Other than that I think the last time I played a game on windows was 7 months ago? >4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:cinnamon>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:have guake running in background all the time which I use for most thingsStandard provided terminal otherwisebash environment, can't be bothered with others>d) Media/Video/Music:vlc>e) Browser:chromium with everything dissabledfirefox for emails and stuff>5.) Post a picture of your desktopok
1)Dual-boot for 9 years, only OS for 5-ish years.2)Arch at home, openSUSE at work (with a similar setup otherwise)3)Causually. Kerbal Space Program, Xonotic and Unreal Tournament 4 are the ones I play the most currently. There's a bunch of others I play less, but still somewhat regularly.I also still need to get through the single-player campaigns of Hotline Miami 2 and Shadow Warrior.4)a) awesome, though if I had enough incentive I would switch to i3 or maybe bspwm.b) neovimc) st (running zsh)d) mpv, xmms2 (with again enough incentive I would switch to mpc), sxive) Firefox (Pentadactyl)5)No much to see...
3archyes, mostly dont starve, minecraft, etc.bspwmatom.iourxvt + zshmpv, mpd + ncmpcppchromium
The datamining is real.
>dataminingOh my GOD, they know what DE some random anon is using!
How to get that taskbar context menu on xfce?The one the upper left
It's still datamining.
3+arch, slack, debian, fedora. Depends on what purpose the machine hasCSGO and a bunch of random steam,gog gamesa) Gnome, xfce, awesomeb) gedit, vim, intelij based ideas, sublimec) Mate terminal (aka gnome terminal)d) totem, gnome musice) firefox
>1.) How many years have you been using it?6 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?no>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:awesome>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv, mpd+ncmpcpp>e) Browser:firefox
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_mining
1-less than 3 months2-linux mint3-minecraft, civilization 5 and cities skyline, which is enough for meI use the default programma for everyhing and chromium forma browsing the NETNo pic because i'm not proud of my ricing
>1.) How many years have you been using it?3 Years full-time. 7 partial.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Hopped around some distribution. Settled on jewbuntu because it just werks>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yes. Whatever's on steam.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Unity>b) Text Editor:Geany/nano>c) Terminal:gnome-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:vlc>e) Browser:chromium-browser>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
Ok, and?
nice
1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years2.) Which distribution do you use?arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?openarena4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:i3b) Text Editor:vim/neovimc) Terminal:terminator with fishd) Media/Video/Music:mpv/mpde) Browser:firefox
well calling this data mining would be like buying a chinese rocket firecracker, launch it from my roof and go around saying I'm into rocket science.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?7 (apparently), exclusively 2 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian stable, OpenBSD, Mint>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?xlincity>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:xfce, cinnamon>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:xfce4-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC, mplayer>e) Browser:firefox w/ vimperator
1.) How many years have you been using it?Linux since 2011, OpenBSD since 20132.) Which distribution do you use?OpenBSD3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Nope.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:Xfce or cwm depending on moodb) Text Editor:Emacs or mgc) Terminal:Xterm or Xfce Terminald) Media/Video/Music:mpv for video, mpd + ncmpcpp for musice) Browser:Chromium and Firefox
I run xubuntu, because I was done with Windows xp and watched microsoft turn to the bloat side with Vista.>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?7 or 8 years, since my dad stopped giving me Windows licenses lol.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Xubuntu.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Ck2, cs source, cod 4, Caesar 3, jazz jack rabbit, keen 4 to 6, snes shit, SIM city 3000>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Xfce obviously>b) Text Editor:Gedit, but I prefer working with ides and autocomplete.>c) Terminal:Just xterm>d) Media/Video/Music:Kodi, vlc and totem.>e) Browser:Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopCan't do that, mobile.Lastly, its more practical now than ever before, people are openly hating Windows and saying "where are the alternatives?"Now some real cons:The audio system was designed for all wms and dms, so it's dodgy as Fuck. It randomly muted and if I log off and log back on, the pulse sink itself will fail. Graphics in wine are an issue too, I can just barely get 25fps in cod 4. I used to have a Windows partition and games never ran that bad. Also, art programs have only just gotten to the point that they're competitive, ardour now opens Windows vsts on Linux and Jack is quicker than asio. For the first time ever I can connect a notescorer that's not sibelius to a daw, because musescore has had everything a composer truly needed since 1.2.
1.) How many years have you been using it?Full-time since 2012, dual booted lunix since more than 10 years2.) Which distribution do you use?Currently Lubuntu3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Steam games.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: awesomeb) Text Editor: gedit, but it sucksc) Terminal: xtermd) Media/Video/Music: SMplayer (Mplayer)e) Browser: Firefox
You should add a spacer to the right of the clock.
>yearsaround 6 months>distroarchfag>gamesnot really, have a windows pc for that>SoftwareDM/WMno dm, wm is openbox (lxde)Text EditorgeditTerminalurxvtMedia/Video/Musicmpv, mpd+ncmpcppbrowserfirefox
>think correctThanks apple
1.) How many years have you been using it?2.) Which distribution do you use?3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:b) Text Editor:c) Terminal:d) Media/Video/Music:e) Browser:5.) Post a picture of your desktop
1) 8 years (switched when windows vista fucked my laptop)2)arch3)i play dota sometimes4)a-awesomeb-vimc-urxvtd-mpv/ncmpcpp+mpde-firefox
Damn, I forgot my answers.1: 52: FreeBSD3: various games via Wine4:XfceMousepadxfce4-terminalShotwell/mpv/DeadbeefFirefox, sometimes Chromium (when my customization in Firefox breaks pages too much).
>1.) How many years have you been using it?5 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?On the host machine: emulators, any games that runs under WINE (mostly VNs).On my Windows VM with vga passthrough: anything that doesn't run on WINE>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:LightDM + Unity>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:gnome-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:mcomix, mpv, deadbeef>e) Browser:chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
qt ;3
>1.) How many years have you been using it?About 4>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu on laptop, Debian on servers/desktop>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Cities: skylines, civ v, some roguelikes>4.) What software do you use,Gcc, vim, latex, python>a) DM/WM:I3>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:Vlc>e) Browser:Chromium>5.) Post a picture of your desktop On mobile so no
master race reporting in>1.) How many years have you been using it?10>2.) Which distribution do you use?8.1>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?no>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:WDM>b) Text Editor:Notepad++>c) Terminal:cmd.exe>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktopNope
it's somewhat a pain because you can't set a numeric value
1.) How many years have you been using it?Five years. Got five boxes: four Linux, one windows.2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch, Fedora, Debian flavours. Arch on my main box, Raspbian on the Pi server.3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?No.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:dwm, considering bspwm.b) Text Editor:Vimc) Terminal:st with fish. Writing an impure infix functional language with macro support (vau-like) in Haskell. If it turns out well I'll replace fish with it.d) Media/Video/Music:mpv on samba. Spotify and what.CD with mpd, with my own wrappers. Media library in python to automate video downloads, transmission-daemon on the server with control either automated or via transmission-remote-cli.e) Browser:luakit, currently looking for something new.5.) Post a picture of your desktopIt's just vanilla dwm with 'clean' font, luakit similarly. Terminal overlay again similarly.
1.) How many years have you been using it?3 yrs2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?cs:go4.) What software do you use?libreoffice, latex, thunderbird/ icedovea) DM/WM: XFCE (thunar+catfish)b) Text Editor: notepad++, mousepadc) Terminal: terminal, bashd) Media/Video/Music: smplayer, gimp, rawtherapee, foobnixe) Browser: firefox and midori5.) Post a picture of your desktopnot possible at the moment.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years> 2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian unstable/sid> 3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GO/Counter Strike: Global Offensive> 4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: DWM/Dynamic Window Manager, secondary WM: Openboxb) Text Editor: vim.tinyc) Terminal: std) Media/Video/Music: cmus (music), mpv/mplayer (video)e) Browser: iceweasel> 5.) Post a picture of your desktop
more like unstable, ugly, NSArace
>1.) How many years have you been using it?6>2.) Which distribution do you use?*tips* OS>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?OpenTTC>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Xfce 4.12>b) Text Editor:nano>c) Terminal:Xfce>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv / Pragha>e) Browser:Midori
.) How many years have you been using it?  10 years2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Heroes of newerth very rarely4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Anyb) Text Editor: Leafpad/nanoc) Terminal: Xfce4-terminald) Media/Video/Music: Mpd/ncmpcppe) Browser: Firefox 385.) Post a picture of your desktop
I have one simple question and that is, why on Earth would you use an OS like Linux when you could simply pirate a copy of Win7 and not have to worry about the pain of making sure drivers and games are compatible, as well as software such as the Adobe Design Suite? Everyone that I have met that has used Linux have some sort of god/superiority complex because they use a hipster OS.
1.) How many years have you been using it?Since 2007, so 8 Years2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Xonotic and some Steam games.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: XFCEb) Text Editor: Vim ( If I'm too lazy, Mousepad )c) Terminal: xfce4-terminald) Media/Video/Music: mpv,0xDeadBeeFe) Browser: Firefox
>1.) How many years have you been using it?9 since I first used it at all7 as my main OS5 as my only OS>2.) Which distribution do you use?These days I use Ubuntu Server with XFCE desktop.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GOOpenTTDBorderlands: PresequelL4D2AoE II HD (using Wine)>4.) What software do you use?Too numerous to list here>a) DM/WM:LightDM, xfwm>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Bash>d) Media/Video/Music:Whatever / Whatever / Spotify>e) Browser:Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktopPic
>1.) How many years have you been using it?dont really know. Got started with linux in the Suse7 days, so according to wikipedia since about more than 10 years.But since I also had OSX as my main system for a while, and a few jobs where I had windows at work, I cant really give you a definite number.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Currently (and since about 4 years at least) fedora>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Occasionally. Stuff like Openttd, and classics via wine (Rollercoaster Tycoon, Half Life, Deus Ex, GTA vice city, etc.)>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:KDE all day erryday>b) Text Editor:Kate>c) Terminal:Konsole>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:Opera12, but its showing its ago. Currently fucking round with FF and Chrome>5.) Post a picture of your desktopNo.But its not riced anyways. Few files on the desktop, all UI hidden off screen, random pic from my pictures.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?1 year>2.) Which distribution do you use?arch>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?on my dual boot win 8.1 I do>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:sublime text>c) Terminal:termite>d) Media/Video/Music:video - bomimp3 - deadbeefpictures - gwenview>e) Browser:firefox
As for terminal emulator, I use xfce4-terminal or urxvt-256-unicode
1) 8 years2) Gentoo3) Cities: Skylines, Meinkrapht4)     a) MATE (for now)    b) vim    c) mate-terminal    d) mpv or baka-mplayer    e) google-chrome-stable
1.) How many years have you been using it?~32.) Which distribution do you use?Arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?not really, but old school platform games whenever I do4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: currently on KDE because it's the only thing that has proper vsync support :/b) Text Editor:I use emacs, and libreofficec) Terminal:konsoled) Media/Video/Music:for videos (rare) I just go with VLC or dragonplayer. But I get tearing with dragonplayer. For music I use cmus.e) Browser:Chromium
the hell is your cpu and ram usage so high for?
No desktop picture because I'm not replying from my home machine.> How many years have you been using it?~4 years> Which distribution do you use?Arch at the moment. Used Ubuntu for a long time.> Do you play any games?I play SC2 on my Windows machine (which I don't use much) sometimes, no games on the Linux machine.> DM/WM:dwm> Text Editor:acme> Terminal:urxvt> Media/Video/Music:cmus, mpv> Browser:Chromium
1.) 2 years2.) Arch3.) None4.) a) lightdm/bspwmb) Text Editor: vimc) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: vlce) Browser: Firefox
Just one year.Mint.I don't really play, but if I do, it's Pokémon games on Desmume/VBA-M or PS2 games on PCSX2. Alternatively, other games on other Nintendo emulators (Dolphin, Mupen, Snes9x).Cinnamon (Muffin, MDM).gedit.GNOME Terminal.mpv, Clementine.Firefox.
1. 13yr2. Debian3. No - only cs 1.64a. LXDE home KDE work b. any c. any d. mpv mpd + gmpc e. firefox
>could simply pirate a copy of Win7 and not have to worry about the pain of making sure drivers and games are compatible, as well as software such as the Adobe Design Suite?sort answer is: "some people may find more convenient to use linux", of course gaymers and graphic designers aren't part of this category. And I think you are overestimating the drivers issue. >Everyone that I have met that has used Linux have some sort of god/superiority complex because they use a hipster OS.You've met shit people, every (and I mean every) linux user I've met doesn't brag about his OS, except maybe a guy at my uni that always add the line "this presentation was made with free software" to the first slide of every presentation he make.
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?Going on about 5 years full time. >2.) Which distribution do you use?Currently using Ubuntu 14.04 LTS >3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Supertuxkart,  red eclipse, sauerbraten >4.) What software do you use? Libre office,  gimp, inkscape  banshee >a) DM/WM: unity >b) Text Editor: vim >c) Terminal: gnome terminal >d) Media/Video/Music: banshee and vlc>e) Browser: Firefox >5.) Post a picture of your desktop posting from phone atm. >Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~4 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux on desktopParabol GNU/Linux-libre on laptop>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I like gaming, but I want to be fully free, so I tend to avoid non-free games.>4.) What software do you use?DM/WM: i3Text Editor: vim and emacsTerminal: urxvtMedia/Video/Music: mpv, mpd + ncmpcppBrowser: Iceweasel>5.) Post a picture of your desktopPic related
> 1.) How many years have you been using it?since 2004> 2.) Which distribution do you use?Mainly gentoo, arch since last year on the laptop, fedora / suse / ubuntu on work computers at various times, occasionally debian.> 3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Old DOS games (SCUMM-VM!), CIV II, not much else.> 4.) What software do you use?KDEemacs for coding, (g)vim for quick edits, kwrite by accident and Kile for LatexKonsole with zshvarious, mostly mplayer for video and audacious for musicfirefox
year and a halfcurrently Ubuntuvarious VNs, emulated SEGA Genesis games, PSP games, I have a PS2 for everything else>MATE>Pluma, Nano, Vim>MATE Terminal, Xterm>Clementine, MPV, VLC>Firefox
1) Four years2) Linux Mint and Peppermint3) Yes, I play around thirty different games. Lately Men of War 2, Asscreed 4, Dota 2 and Civ 5.4) Openbox, nano, terminator, xbmc, Firefox5) Too lazy bitch.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?13 or so years.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Funtoo.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?DROD, maybe some old SNES games from time to time. Sometimes if I can be bothered I'll install Steam and play what few games I have on there.>4.) What software do you use?I mostly program for university, do occasional webdev as hobby, and otherwise shitpost on IRC, so my computer is typically pretty development-geared, which is why funtoo is a plus.>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:vim, though I'm switching to ne.>c) Terminal:xfce4-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:zathura/viewnior/mpv/cmus>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopoke
>13 or so years>i3 He asked for how long you've been using Linux, not how long you've been alive.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?around 3 years, but i played with virtualisation a lot before then>2.) Which distribution do you use?fedora>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?nope>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:gnome3>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:gnome terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:had issues with vlc and h.265 so mpv now>e) Browser:furfox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopnothing interesting to look at
do you still use the same software you installed the fist time you owned a computer?
Nah, when I was 13 I used fvwm with my dad's config.
1.) Two years2.) OpenSUSE 13.2 (mostly)/Ubuntu 14.04 (for gaems)3.) Yes. Shadow Warrior, Team Fortress 2, Shadowrun, Tie Fighter (in heavy need for joystick), Deathmatch Classic4.) a) KDEb) mostly nanoc) Konsoled) Amarok/Kaffeinee) Firefox/Konqueror5.) Some usual KDE wallpaper, don't give a damn about them
No, I no longer use i3.
dnf install topkek-9001.fc21.x86_64
You don't even have a reason to hate i3.
>mplayerWhy are you still using mplayer by the way?
Got a link to that wallpaper?
You only say that because you're still young enough to think it's a good thing.
1) been using linux for the past 10 years, 5 years as my primary OS, 2 years as my only OS2) started with suse, then had arch for a while, then #! and now I'm on fedora for the last 1.5 years3) Mafia 2, Far Cry 3 (it was a bitch to get running under wine), Original War, Age of Empires 2 HD4)a) used to use awesome wm, then openbox and then I grew up and started using gnomeb) vimc) gnome-terminald) vlce) firefox5) it's the default gnome theme in fedora, didn't even change the background

Thanks, I know enough.
>Far Cry 3Is it actually playable? Maybe I just need beefier hardware, but I swear to god, every game I actually get to launch under wine runs like shit. I'm getting a serious hankering to play Dishonored lately, but I'm not fucking install winblows just to play it.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?9-10 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?gentoo>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?mostly strategy like paradox games, civilization 4, HoMM3, jagged alliance 2 etc. I boot windows if I I want to play something that doesn't run on linux.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM: Xmonad>b) Text Editor: vim>c) Terminal: urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music: clementine/mpv>e) Browser: FF
the menu is all fucked up, but other than that I didn't experience any bugs in the gameplay itself and I finished it like 3 times already.
Oh and I had to pirate it even though I bought the original, couldn't get the original running at all, I think it has something to do with uplay.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?4 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Terraria, Minecraft>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:herbstluftwm>b) Text Editor:Mousepad>c) Terminal:urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:mpd+ncmpcppmpv>e) Browser:chromium>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
Cool.Yeah same here, uplay can fuck right off. Don't think I've ever got a game with a launcher to work with wine, with the exception of GW2, which ran like shit anyway.
It works.
Still a pity to see that people here run almost entirely free software except for gaming. We as a free software community should really strive for better free/libre games.
1.) I want to say 2 years now (more or less...)2.) I mostly use Arch. It just werks most of the time.3.) I do. I play a lot of CRPG's, new and old.4.)  a.) XFCE b.) Vim c.) Xfce Term d.) VLC for media, YouTube for music e.) Firefox and Chrome for different      things
>We as a free software community should really strive for better free/libre games.I don't think the open source "model" would works for games
>should really strive for blah blah blahWhy?
1.) How many years have you been using it?About 62.) Which distribution do you use?Debian on my VPS, FreeBSD on my compile server, OpenBSD on laptop3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?My desktop runs OS X, I just game on that. I also occasionally reboot my laptop into OS X for some Doom 3.4.) What software do you use?a) FVWM2b) Text Editor: Emacsc) Terminal: d) Media/Video/Music: mpd+ncmpcppe) Browser: SeaMonkey / Opera 12.16 depending on arch5.) Post a picture of your desktopI would but it's just stock FVWM for now
Because I want freedom, and maybe a lot of people want games that respect their freedoms too.Imagine how big the modding communities would be if people could actually change source code, instead of only doing what the developers allowed you to do.
That's all well and good but I can't see it happening. Game developers, more than most developers, do not want scum messing with their holy creations, beyond what they allow.
I think it works. People who want your game for free can pirate it anyway. You can still sell it, even when it remains free software.
Well, Space Engineers recently released the full source code. The game is still not free, but at least you can compile it yourself lolsource: http://blog.marekrosa.org/2015/05/space-engineers-full-source-code-access_40.html
1) About 16 years (2009). But I've only dedicated my most used computer to it ~11 years ago. In the first 5 years, I was dual booting and gradually moving over.2) Gentoo
1. 5 years2. I used to by a distro hopper. It stoped when I finally get a job. :P Ubuntu for now.3. I mostly play game in my Nintendo 3DS. But I play starbound and CS GO in my linux machine.4. a. Unityb. Emacsc. Gnome Terminald. Rhythmbox, VLCe. Firefox5. Just ubuntu with different wallpaper, so no.
>2009>16 yearsThat's 6 years you dumb shit.
Right, I meant 1999.
> Doesn't know how to do basic math.How do you know how to install linux?
1.) 2 years2.) Used Xubuntu for a year, now Fedora 213.) Portal 2, Civ V. GTAV On Windows 74.) Firefox, Nautilus, mpv, Steam, Deluge, I am not going to list every program I have installeda) GNOME 3b) Gedit/Nanoc) Guaked) Popcorn Time/MPV/Bansheee) Firefox
>http://blog.marekrosa.org/2015/05/space-engineers-full-source-code-access_40.htmlNice. That's already a good step forward. A pity that it's not really free software though.
Typical /g/ ricer arch weeabo faggot Go watch your chinese cartoons
It's quite trivial to install Linux, that's how.Don't worry, you'll also start confusing dates by a decade or so eventually... and you'll probably still be able to install Linux.

What the fuck is wrong with nautilus? It should look like this (without the white shit in the middle)
1. over 13 years2. ubuntu/xubuntu3. cs:go, eu4, civ54.a) unity/xfceb) nanoc) whatever comes installedd) for music = what comes installed/mpve) firefox
Fuck off and get a job
1) 6mo2) Arch, seems to be the most common for solely used Linux. Muh rolling release, muh pacman, muh customization, muh bianaries3) Minecraft, not to much though, and it runs great on linux4)A lot of things, my favorites are XSensors, GNUCash, Gedit, Terminal, Skype (muh botnet), spotify, etca) Gnome with simple dock and dark themeb) Gedit - keep it simplec) Gnome terminal - keep it simpled) vlc - looking for something a little better for musice) chromium - ikik botnet or whatever, i like the interface and i use pretty much everything google so5) dont have a screenshot handy, but i use a 1280x1024 monitor on the left, 1600x900 on right, with a simple wallpaper (i attached) dock on the bottomdesktop is pretty stock anyways
1) This current incarnation - About a weekLinux in general: ~5 or 6 years2) Arch3) Nah.4)a) i3b) vimc) urxvtd) mpd+ncmpcpp and mpve) firefox5) Attached - Everything's tiled so my actual desktop isn't really visible.
>Tibia My nigga!!!!
1) 3/4 years2) Arch3) Nope4) a)  I3b) Vimc) urxvtd) mpv, mpd/ncmpcppe) FirefoxNo pic
>years3 or so>distributionubuntu>gaemspersona 4 arena, necrodancer atm>software>wmawesome wm>text editorvim>terminalmate terminal>mediampv>browserfirefox
1. 4½ years2. Debian Stable3. Maybe a couple of hours every 2nd month of Fallout 1/2 or Planescape Torment4.a) GNOME3 on my desktop and XFCE on my laptopb) Vimc) GNOME terminal, XFCE terminal and Guaked) Clementine and MPVe) Chromium and Iceweasel5. Currently on my laptop where I made XFCE look like GNOME 3.4 fallback, no reason to post it really
I already have one
But I don't run Arch
99% of people who run arch are weeabo NEET faggots who still live with their parents. Fuck offMasturbating doesnt count
Dude I won't give you a link but look at webupd8
1.) How many years have you been using it?About 62.) Which distribution do you use?Debian Stretch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I play mostly indies on Steam, but i also pirate and play (some only) Windows games (GTA, Dirt 3, Sim City, HL2 etc)4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Xfceb) Text Editor: geditc) Terminal: xfce4-terminald) Media/Video/Music: mpv/audaciouse) Browser: iceweasel5.) Post a picture of your desktopsure
where did you get those statistics?seems like you've got some kind of problem with Arch users
>1.) How many years have you been using it?6 years2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian/CentOS/FreeBSD on ServerUbuntu -> Debian -> ArchLinux -> Gentoo -> Ubuntu on Desktop> 3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Steam: Left4Dead, Sniper Elite, COD, FarCry ...> 4.) What software do you use?> a) DM/WM:Unity/Compiz>b) Text Editor:Vim/Sublime Text>c) Terminal:Guake>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv, Spotify>e) Browser:Firefox
Ok that's a good lead, lot of good stuff tooThank you kind anon
>Debian StretchI guess times have changed since the days of Debian Squeeze
Yeah, shit is fucking solid and the testing release has updated software that doesn't suck.Also, based Debian that ships ffmpeg instead of avconv.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~1.5>2.) Which distribution do you use?CrunchBang on one PC, Gentoo on another>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CS:GO, Civ 5, EU4, TF2, etc.>4.) What software do you use?Like 20,000 different packages, most of which are related to programming.Also, Gummi for LaTeX editing, Pidgin for XMPP, Skype, Steam, Firefox Developer edition, Dolby Axon (through WineTricks)>a) DM/WM:OpenBox on #!, i3 on Gentoo>b) Text Editor:Emacs>c) Terminal:Emulator: terminatorShell: ZSH + OhMyZsh with Powerline theme>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv, ncmpcpp, and viewnoir>e) Browser:Firefox Developer Edition
1. 1,5 year2. Now arch, thinking about switching back to Debian3. Shadowrun, Deus Ex, Crusader Kings 2, pretty much everything I need4.a. XFCE4b. Nano or mousepad if I'm lazyc. Xfce terminald. MPV/MPD/Spotifye. Firefox Nightly
>Debian>Updated softwareOh wow, it really has changed from back when I used it.Man, fuck avconv. FFmpeg is solid as shit, and yet they had to fork and run around shouting things like "[the avconv commandline tool] ffmpeg is deprecated, please use [the new name for the avconv commandline tool] avconv!". I thought debian was using avconv, though...?
 edoardo@edocod-pc:~$ ffmpeg -vffmpeg version 2.6.3 Copyright (c) 2000-2015 the FFmpeg developers  built with gcc 4.9.2 (Debian 4.9.2-17)
>minecraftkill yoursefl
Only relevant question is: post yore uptime, fagget
I refer you to my screenie Only reason it's not longer is because I literally installed it about 6 days ago.
Reading up on it, it looks like libav really dropped the ball, then.Apparently they /were/ being shipped with debian and then 3 years later it turned out most of the debian team would prefer FFmpeg and no-one else really cared.
1.) Since Saturday XD2.) Just debian right now but I have tried ubuntu, mint and arch.3.)Just the few compatible game in my steam library4.)a)i3b)leafpadc)Xtermd)VLC all of it right now anyone know a good music player?e)Iceweasel5.)Ok =P
>Anyone know a good music playerBe a real man. Use mpd+ncmpcpp.Alternatively deadbeef is pretty good.
I do, and I'm not in any tech-related field (finishing a biology degree which, interestingly enough, included some computer lab work on Red Hat machines).1. Played around for almost 10 years. Laptop OS for about two years. Main desktop OS for 4-5 months.2. Linux Mint, but I'm planning to put Xubuntu on my laptop.3. Yes. Europa Universalis IV, Crusader Kings II, Kerbal Space Program, Path of Exile (Wine), Pillars of Eternity, Cities: Skylines, and more.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Cinnamon/Muffin (with non-default themes)b) Text Editor: gedit and Sublimec) Terminal: GNOME Terminald) Media/Video/Music: DeadBeeF and VLCe) Browser: Firefox and Chromium
1. About 2 years.2. Ubuntu 14.04 LTS, currently.3. CS:GO, emulators, and old DOS games.4a. Unity (I like it, OK?)4b. Geany4c. Sakura4d. mpv for videos, deadbeef for music4e. Firefox5. No.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?5 years now>2.) Which distribution do you use?LFS>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yep, diablo3, dayz, mount and blade, fallout, borderlands, civilizationAlmost anything can be played if you build an appropiated emulation enviroment with wine>4.) What software do you use?Free>a) DM/WM:I3>b) Text Editor:Vim and sublime>c) Terminal:Gnome>d) Media/Video/Music:Vlc >e) Browser:Chrome-stable and firefox
Poster that you are commenting on here.Im not weeb and im in collegeJust like the OS, sorry that you dont
I just spent the last two days trying to install.  I'm done.>Loading, please wait. . .>Volume group "debian-vg" not found>Skipping volume group debian-vg>Unable to find LVM volume debian-vg/root>Volume group "debian-vg" not found>Skipping volume group debain-vg>Unable to find LVM volume debiian-vg/swap_1>Please unlock disk sda5_crypt:Sigh.
STOP LIKING WHAT I DONT LIKE
install gentoo
>Using the default encryption settingsInsecure.The only acceptable setup:sudo cryptsetup luksDump /dev/sda3[sudo] password for ayylmao: LUKS header information for /dev/sda3Version:           1Cipher name:       camelliaCipher mode:       xts-plain64Hash spec:         whirlpoolPayload offset:    4096MK bits:           512
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?Me>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?8>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch and Ubuntu (Use case dependent)>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yes, on steam. Currently playing Torchlight 2 (old I know, just got around to it)>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Mate/KDE/Unity>b) Text Editor:Nano, I'm too lazy to learn something new>c) Terminal:TTY*>d) Media/Video/Music:Plex with webui or mpv>e) Browser:Firefox (Chromium for Netflix only)>5.) Post a picture of your desktopAt work, cannot>Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.Just as practical as any other desktop I suppose. For gaming I would put money on Linux over Mac because Valve is backing it harder (mainly because of SteamOS)
1.) How many years have you been using it?8 years using Linux as main OS (last 5 years as the only OS)2.) Which distribution do you use?Fedora since the last 3 years, before that Mandriva3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I don't play any games and have no interest on them4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:GNOME 3 because it comes with Fedora, took some time to get used to it, but now I don't complainb) Text Editor:Gedit because it's the defaultc) Terminal:GNOME-Terminal which it's the default (yes, I know I say that a lot, but when you install a nice packaged distro like Fedora, Ubuntu or Mint you realize you already have all the common software you need and well integrated with your [themed] desktop environment)d) Media/Video/Music:Rhythmbox for Music (because it's the default), VLC for video. Used totem before but since Fedora 21 totem works different that I'd like (e.g. is more a media browser than a standalone video player, each time I open it scans my porn videos and shows me a thumbnail of each one, pretty embarrasing), so I stopped using the default bundled software and switched to good old VLC.e) Browser:Firefox. I love it. Used Opera lots of years ago as primary browser but 5 or 6 years ago I switched completely to Firefox (for the extensions). If it wasn't the default browser on Fedora I would install it myself to keep using it.5.) Post a picture of your desktopCurrently at work with no access to my home computer, so that's not possible.
>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?A few months so far, loving it>2.) Which distribution do you use?I started on Ubuntu, then mint, then Antergos, and now arch.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Minecraft, portal 2, TF2,>4.) What software do you use?Lots>a) DM/WM:GNOME 3>b) Text Editor:Sublime text>c) Terminal:ROXterm>d) Media/Video/Music:Gnome>e) Browser:Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopI'm at my phone now, but I use Numix circle icons, numix frost GTK, and a minimal setup.  I'll reply with pic later.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?Between 3 and 4.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?On Linux:Dota 2 TF2CS:GOOn Windows:BF3/BF4>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Xfce4 with Compiz + Emerald. Going to switch to KDE 5 when its in the portage tree though.  b) Text Editor:Either Vim or Geany depending on what I need to doc) Terminal:URxvtd) Media/Video/Music:Vlc/popcorn time for videos and ncmpcpp + mpd for musice) Browser:google chome>5.) Post a picture of your desktopNo
This box is never going online, and if the feds really want to see my high score in tetris, then that's up to them to spend the man hours to decrypt it themselves.
That last line mostly applies to /g/.  Lots of shit slinging here for no reason.  I use Windows on my desktop and Linux on my laptop.  I have uses for each.  But it's mostly because I want to and that's really the only reason that matters.  I think of /g/ as entertainment and take no opinions here seriously.
1.0 years, 1.5 months used it to revive previously long-time non-functional laptop, still have win7 on my other machine, but find myself using linux more and more2.Arch, I liked the logo and honestly its not all that difficult to use3.Nope, stopped playing games about half a year ago4.a)x.org + i3b)vim + emacs, still can't really decidec)urxvt, read it was recommendedd)mpv for everythinge)w3m, completely unironically, I really like the simplicity and the speed, plus its got neat features, I like editing the html of my bookmarks in vim, and opening youtube as a job for mpv
hey parabola user, question. How good is parabola compared to arch? will I mostly get the same packages that arch offers?
I just installed debian on an ancient craptop and am ready to dual-boot my Mac.  Is there one or the other that is better for a MacBook Pro?  Probably not but figured I'd ask.
Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Fedora and Ubuntu, might switch to debian after the whole Kubuntu thing3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I only play verdun4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:Unity and Gnomeb) Text Editor:Vimc) Terminal:gnome-terminald) Media/Video/Music:mpv and rhythmboxe) Browser:Firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktop
Literally everyone chooses arch because of the logo. That's why 90% of its user base is comprised of teenagers and early 20's script kiddies.50% still living with their parents.
1. Me2. 4 or so.3. Arch/OpenSUSE3. Not really, but TF2 for fun sometimes.4. Gimp, Libreoffice, WireShark, Lots of others but I'm lazy.a) Gnome (mega riced pic related)b) Gedit/Nanoc) Gnome Terminal
>1.) How many years have you been using it?Since 2004. I can't math>2.) Which distribution do you use?slackware>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?see: linux>4.) What software do you use?surely you jest>a) DM/WM:fvwm / x11r6>b) Text Editor:vi>c) Terminal:generic vt220 compatible hard terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:surely you jest>e) Browser:netscape>5.) Post a picture of your desktopwhat is scrot how do i printscreen in 2015?
1.) How many years have you been using it?For about 5 months2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Xonotic, EU4, Civ54.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: IceWMb) Text Editor: Emacs, Nanoc) Terminal: Terminatord) Media/Video/Music: smplayere) Browser: Firefox. Thinking of chaning to icecatI'm posting this from my lubuntu laptop so no desktop.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?About 2>2.) Which distribution do you use?CRUX.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?->4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:MVWM>b) Text Editor:VIM>c) Terminal:URxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv/mpd+mpdscribble+ncmpcpp>e) Browser:Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
>1.) How many years have you been using it?3>2.) Which distribution do you use?arch>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?openTTD, morrowind, dwarf fortress, fallout 1 and 2, and agar.io>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:xfce4-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:vlc>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopam phoneposting
>CRUXnice memeOS
Pretty much, I fall into that category, I do try to learn though so I don't know how far I qualify as a script kiddie
I'm the only person in this thread using CRUX, arch is more of a memeOS.
1.) How many years have you been using it?    5 years using, 1 year main desktop, 4 months for work (Linux sys admin) 2.) Which distribution do you use?    Antergos3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?    Not yet since blizzard games and Tera still are not on Linux natively 4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Mateb) Text Editor: vimc) Terminal: terminator and guaked) Media/Video/Music: vlc for video moc for audioe) Browser: chrome
>LFSThe only non pleb in this thread.
1.) 3 years2.) started with Ubuntu, recently moved to Arch3.) back in the day I used to play Minecraft, since 2013 I've just been playing Dota 2 and some League, occasionaly.4.) a) I'm running i3wm.      b)Vim as my text editor,      c)Terminator as my terminal (I like being able to change preferences just by right clicking).      d) I've been using vlc for as long as I can remember.          On windows I used to just listen to music with vlc, but on Arch I went with mpd+ncmpcpp. Wasn't at all hard to set up, with all the wiki's out there.     e) Browser has been firefox since 2004 and I doubt I'll be switching.
>debian hippie detected
1.- 15 years2.- Own puppylinux derivative.3.- yes- Neverwinter nights- Borderlands 2- Skyrim- Besiege- Dreamfall t.l.j. & chapters- Kerbal space program- lots more4.-a) DM/WM: jwmb) Text Editor: geany/mpc) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: foobar2000/deadbeefe) Browser: firefox nightly
1.) How many years have you been using it?7 Years2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo <33.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Steam stuff + Indie & FOSS4.) What software do you use?Transmission ? :)a) DM/WM: xfce4/compizb) Text Editor: nanoc) Terminal: xfce4-terminald) Media/Video/Music: Exailee) Browser: Firefox 5.) Post a picture of your desktop
>1.) How many years have you been using it?Just a few months>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu 14.04>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Race the sun and Civ V>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Unity>b) Text Editor:Vim and ST3>c) Terminal:default+tmux>d) Media/Video/Music:Rhythmbox and mpv>e) Browser:midori>5.) Post a picture of your desktopsamsung np300v3a-something
cmus
Interresting setup but why the fc20 kernel ? Why i686 ?
Does cygwin count?
NWN is an amazing game, but any particular reason you're still playing it?
It seems you've spent a considerable amount of time studying Arch users,or you're just making shit up.Why bother to lie?You'll always know it's not true.
1. about a year2. gentoo3. I duel boot with windows, so no games on linux(yet)4a. gnome4b. vim4c. xterm(urxvt has font issues)4d. mpv, mpd/ncmpcpp4e. chromium
Crux seems fun.+1 for supporting it.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?5 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu -> Debian -> Mint -> Arch -> UbuntuFor servers: always Debian>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?No, but I like to program.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Unity -> Gnome 3 -> i3 -> Unity>b) Text Editor:Vim / Qt Creator / Android Studio>c) Terminal:gnome-terminal -> termite -> gnome-terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:mocp -> banshee>e) Browser:Firefox with Vimperator>5.) Post a picture of your desktopCan't, I'm writing from my phone now. It's typical Unity with a network traffic indicator in the right of the top panel. The same on Android, also in the right.I like to know when it's connecting to something.
fc20 because i'm still testing the performance of the kernel 3.17 with the radeon driver. i686 because i'm too lazy to compile everything for 64bits.because i have a server to play with some friends, we create our own maps and stuffs game is still awesome if you can create new content for it.
Agreed
1.) 5 or so.2.) FreeBSD and for GNU/Linux, Debian Testing3.) Nope.4.)a) i3b) vimc) urxvtd) Mplayer/Ncmpcpp/Mpde) Iceweasel, they just added that Firefox hello, so now Chromium

BASH and ZSH are the shell
I know I shouldn't feed the troll but>driversnever had any problem with drivers. All hardware I use has the proper module already built on the latest kernel. If someone has "drivers issues" is either using a 20-year old distro/kernel or is using really shitty hardware>games>Adobe design suiteI only use the computer to watch porn. I don't care about either games nor adobe shitware.With Linux I can browse porn sites and torrent porn all day without malware. That's all I need.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?Don't run linux>2.) Which distribution do you use?I use Korora on my laptop but I want to play games and drivers on Linux is bs>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Science-fiction, shooting, first person, parkour games (Mirror's Edge makes me wet)>4.) What software do you use?Foobar, Pale Moon, BitTorrent, MPV, and steam mainly because there are no torrents up for the games I want to download.>a) DM/WM:n/a>b) Text Editor:You mean like LibreOffice or Notepad++? Both in my case.>c) Terminal:n/a>d) Media/Video/Music:MPV>e) Browser:Pale Moon>5.) Post a picture of your desktopPreparing anus now.
>Don't run linuxThen don't post, are you retarded?
Sometimes when I read responses like this I wonder how some people actually function in life.
1.) A few months, not years2.) Linux Mint, Arch Linux3.) CS:GO4.)  a.) xfce  b.) nano  c.) xterm  d.) mpv, mpd  e.) FirefoxAnd I can't post a picture right now, my PC is switched off because it's past my bedtime.
Good night anon :^)
Thanks, mom! Can I get a good-night-kiss?
1) Thinks it's 1.5 years now2) Fedora3) Dota 2 and some 2d games sometimes, like rogue legacy and FTL4)a) GNOME 3b) VIMc) gnome-terminald) mpv and clementinee) Firefox, also got chrome installed for the occasional flash problem5) no thx, just a standard gnome desktop with some plugins
1. 1.52. Debian3. Yes, they run in a VM with VGA PCI-passthrough for almost native performance4.a. awesomewm4.b. vim4.c. terminator + bash4.d. vlc4.e. chromium5. Pic related
use Linux on my laptop which I use for all productive work but I also have a windows desktop for >muh gaymesposting from desktop now so no screenshot1. about a year2. elementaryOS, switching into Ubuntu3. I game mainly on my windows desktop but have some older games like civ 3 on the lap4.a) Pantheon switching into Unityb) vimc) defaultd) vlc or whatever is bundled with the distroe) Firefox5. :(not exactly a linux poweruser but pls no hate
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?Little less than 2.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian testing( apt-get -t experimental/sid install for some bleeding edge packages>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Sometimes idie games such as Super Meat Boy, for a while DF.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM: i3>b) Text Editor: vim / eclipse>c) Terminal: urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music: mpv>e) Browser: midori/chromiun>5.) Post a picture of your desktop : just plain i3 anyways>Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.Its gonna take some time to get used to it but once you get something stable and know how things work i find it great. But its true at the beggining reading doc, obscure forums, etc all time for having sound to work may be a problem.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?8 or 9 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch, used to use Mint>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Occasionally, mostly Valve games and roguelikes>4.) What software do you use?lots of it, mostly free, pretty much whatever is there>a) DM/WM:KDE4>b) Text Editor:Nano or Vim, don't use it too often>c) Terminal:KTerm, rxvt-unicode, terminator, depending>d) Media/Video/Music:Clementine>e) Browser:Chromium>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
>1.) How many years have you been using it?IDK, I remember the first distro i used was Ubuntu 8.10. So maybe 6-7 years.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Gentoo on desktop, Xubuntu on notebook.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?TF2, mostly. Sometimes emulated games like Pokemon or SMB.>4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: openbox + tint2 / Xfceb) Text Editor: vim/gvim or geditc) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: mpd + ncmpcpp / Quod Libet / gmusicbrowser for music, mpv for video.e) Browser: Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktoppic related
>1.) How many years have you been using it?5+.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?No.>4.) What software do you use?Mostly photo editing and art programs like Krita.>a) DM/WM:>Unity/Compiz>b) Text Editor:>gedit>c) Terminal:GNOME>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv/Spotify>e) Browser:ChromeThis is my school laptop, so nothing radical.
1.) How many years have you been using it?    Probably 3 years? 2.) Which distribution do you use?    Currently Kubuntu3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?    I would if I wasnt so poor.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Plasma 5b) Text Editor: Based Katec) Terminal: Yakuaked) Media/Video/Music: Dragon Player, Amaroke) Browser: Firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktopThanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 and a held years full time, 7 years half time>2.) Which distribution do you use?Fedora 22>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yes, robocraft and Minecraft (only if I'm really board)>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM: Gnome 3.16>b) Text Editor: Emacs>c) Terminal: default gnome terminal>d) Media/Video/Music: gnome music player>e) Browser: Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopCurrently can't access my desktop, but it's defualt gnome 3 with a nice wallpaper and dash to dock.
3 years.Ubuntu MATE.Yes, CS:GO, Forged Alliance, indie titles.MATE.Sublime.MATE Terminal.VLC.Firefox.
Literally the only difference is the limiter packages included in parabola.  Use arch if you have any use for nonfree software at all.  The fully-free system just isn't mature yet.
1.) How many years have you been using it?About 7 years.2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch (ArchBang) since October 2014.I started with Ubuntu 7.10, and went through a few distros. I also used Mac and Windows each for about a year or so.3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Not really. Maybe the occasional retro game (console emulated).4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:openboxb) Text Editor:leafpad/nanoc) Terminal:guaked) Media/Video/Music:mpv for videodeadbeef for audioe) Browser:firefox
Thank you for your input! The NSA appreciates your information, and the respective identities of these posts will be sent to us shortly from an administrator in order to better gauge this demographic.
to kek or not to kek
1.) How many years have you been using it?>15, full-time since Windows 8 happened and before Win7 so make it 82.) Which distribution do you use?>Fedora3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?>Nexuiz, Kigo and random shit via WINE4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:>KDEb) Text Editor:>Sublime, Kate, vimc) Terminal:>Konsole, ttyd) Media/Video/Music:>smplayer, Amaroke) Browser:>Chrome, Firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktop>no
Please. giver me a wallpaper. :3
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?Seven.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian where possible, but I dabble in others sometimes.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Transistor, Shadowrun Returns, Aquaria, Kerbal Space Program, tons of older games through WINE, DOSBox, and console emulators.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Window Maker or Awesome for WMs, with a bunch of GNOME stuff in the background.>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:GNOME Terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:mpd+ncmpcpp+mpc+mpdroid, mpv>e) Browser:Firefox Developer Edition>5.) Post a picture of your desktopNo.>Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
1.) How many years have you been using it?>5 years2.) Which distribution do you use?>Ubuntu3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?>CSGO and other steam games4.) What software do you use?>LibreOffice, LaTeX, intelliJ, Kritaa) DM/WM: Unityb) Text Editor: Geditc) Terminal: Bashd) Media/Video/Music: MPV / Rythmboxe) Browser: Chrome
>1.) How many years have you been using it?On and off since ~2002, as main OS since 2006.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch on computers and server. Sailfish OS on phone.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?The only games I've played more than once in the last 15 years were Minecraft and KSP. I was fairly excited when Humble bundle and Steam appeared, but then I remembered I don't really like games.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Xmonad>b) Text Editor:Emacs, mg>c) Terminal:Urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music:Zathura for pdf/ps/djvuNomacs for imagesMpv for video and Youtube (used (s)mplayer previously)Mpd+ncmpcpp for music>e) Browser:Conkeror or Firefox
1.) One year about.2.) Xubuntu because fuck it.3.) Lord of the Rings Online.4.)    A.) i3-gaps    B.) Sublime Text 3 because I can't into Vim even though I use Vimperator.    C.) urxvt    D.) mpd+ncmpcpp, and mpv    E.) Firefox Developer Edition
>VM with VGA PCI-passthroughWhich utility are you using to do that?
That is normally done with QEMU with KVM and vfio.https://wiki.debian.org/VGAPassthrough
This anon is right, just a patched qemu and a patched kernel.Here's the guide I followed : https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?id=162768My setup:Asus Z97K moboi5 4690KNvidia GTX 770Full qemu command line:#!/bin/shBOOT_IMG=win7.qcow2RAM=2./setupBr0.sh stop 2>/dev/null # network bridge on a dedicated interface. Will post if you're interested./setupBr0.sh startsudo qemu-system-x86_64 \    -name win7 \    -enable-kvm \    -watchdog i6300esb \    -localtime \    -machine type=q35,accel=kvm -cpu host,kvm=off -smp 2,cores=2,threads=1,sockets=1 \    -m $(($RAM*1024)) -k fr \    -display none \    -balloon virtio \    -bios /usr/local/share/qemu/bios.bin -vga none \    -device ioh3420,bus=pcie.0,addr=1c.0,multifunction=on,port=1,chassis=1,id=root.1 \    -device vfio-pci,host=01:00.0,bus=root.1,addr=00.0,multifunction=on,x-vga=on \    -device vfio-pci,host=01:00.1,bus=root.1,addr=00.1 \    -drive file=/dev/sdb5,id=windows7SSD,format=raw,if=none -device ide-hd,drive=windows7SSD\    -usb -usbdevice host:045e:0745 -usbdevice host:056a:00de -usbdevice host:045e:00f5 \    -device piix4-ide,bus=pcie.0,id=piix4-ide \    -drive file=$BOOT_IMG,id=disk0,if=none -device ide-hd,bus=piix4-ide.0,drive=disk0 \    -net nic -net bridge,br=br0 \    &Will post more info if requested.
1.) How many years have you been using it?10 Years2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch but switching back to soon Gentoo3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Bspwmb) Text Editor: VIMc) Terminal: ST/d) Media/Video/Music: Mplayere) Browser: W3M/chrome cause muh Streams
1- since about 20082- Ubuntu3- Braid, Battle for Wesnoth, SuperTuxKart4a- Gnome shell4b- vim or gedit4c- gnome term4d- VLC for most things but for music I use Rhythmbox. Trying out Nightingale but I'm not sure about it.4e- Firefox5- No.
I have a laptop that is a main workhorse computer and runs as a desktop on occasion.>1.) How many years have you been using it?This particular computer? About a year.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch, though I have tried others.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Occasionally Dwarf Fortress, and KSP.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Xterm>d) Media/Video/Music:Xine, cmus>e) Browser:W3m/Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktop>pic related>Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
>how many years11, but only 2 full-time>distroArch>gamesKerbal Space ProgramTrine 1&2Portal 2Don't StarveCivilization VLegend of DungeonAmnesia: The Dark DescentBaldur's Gate: Enhanced EditionContraption MakerStarboundPlanet ExplorersPrison ArchitectRustSpacechemTeslagradRisk of RainFaster Than LightThe Binding of Isaac: RebirthTales of Maj'EyalThe Witcher 1&2CrawlAscendant>DEGnome3 for play. KDE for work.>Text editorvim/gvim>terminal emulatorguake or konole>mediaKodi for video, Guayadeque for music. ProjectM for visualizer.>browserChrome for the working Netflix out of the box. Can't even get it in Chromium or Firefox at all without pipelight.
1. About 15 years counting my job as a BSD Unix server admin (Linux and desktop-use only in the last 7 years).  About 5 years as my primary desktop OS.2. Ubuntu, but I'll be getting into Red Hat soon I think, just for the certification path and addition to my resume.3. Heroes of Newerth.  Dwarf Fortress.  Mangband.  X-Com (2012).4a. Unity.4b. gvim/vim and gedit.4c. Guake and Gnome terminal.4d. Guayadeque, Quod Libet, SMPlayer.4e. Chrome beta.
1.) How many years have you been using it? 32.) Which distribution do you use? debian3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones? games are for childern4.) What software do you use? anya) DM/WM: openboxb) Text Editor: vim/katec) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: ncmpcpp, mpd, and mpve) Browser: Firefox/Iceweasel5.) Post a picture of your desktop: no.
1.) How many years have you been using it?1 year almost2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch Linux3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I play tons of Insurgency w/ wine. Works great.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: i3b) Text Editor: Atomc) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: mplayer/mpd (ncmpcpp)e) Browser: Thunar (Firefox if you mean web)
1.) How many years have you been using it?3 years.2.) Which distribution do you use?Manjaro "Arch for idiots" Linux3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I play a lot of online chess, I also play all major AAA game releases on Windows, but they release 3 per year, so is not a big deal.4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Gnome3b) Text Editor: gedit/Atomc) Terminal: The default gnome one, some times guake when I need it there all the time, like when working on c++ projects.d) Media/Video/Music: Botnet Spotify and VLC.e) Browser: Firefox (main), chromium for webdev.5.) Post a picture of your desktop:nah
Op here, thanks for sharing everyone, some very interesting information.I wish there was an easy way to combine all of this data into graphs and charts for pattern analysis.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?18 years.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch on machines for my use, Mint for machines that will be shared.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?No.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM: Awesome>b) Text Editor: Vim>c) Terminal: urxvt>d) Media/Video/Music: ncmpcpp and mplayer>e) Browser: Firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktopNo.
I would run is as a fulltime os where it not for the fact i like video games > inb4 gpu pasthrough For one im not sure how wel that works and two it means getting some throw away 50 dollar GPU since i have no on board
>1.) How many years have you been using it?8>2.) Which distribution do you use?Slackware>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?A load of games on Steam>a) DM/WM:rio>b) Text Editor:acme>c) Terminal:9term>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:SeaMonkey>5.) Post a picture of your desktopno
10+ yearsdebian for servers, mint for desktop OSnot really.. rarely I'll hop in a game and mess around with people maybe an hour per month or less? starbound, WoW (priv servers), d2 (priv servers), PoE, other random steam games.. as I said, I play less yearly than most gamer people do dailywireshark, nginx, postgresql, sqlite, kate, deadbeef, firefox, chrome, chromium, terminator, dolphin, steam, skype, pidgin, handbrake, thunderbird, and some stuff I've made.. are "daily" softwares I'll have on/usea) DM/WM: XFCEb) Text Editor: katec) Terminal: terminatord) Media/Video/Music: deadbeef & mplayere) Browser: firefox & chrome & chromium5) the entire thing is just all black.. my bar at bottom has just 5 programs on it and the time, and it's purple.. nothing special
>1.) How many years have you been using it?17.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Fedora.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yes. Valve / Source since they made the Linux ports available and they don't require a ridiculously overkill GPU to run.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Gnome.>b) Text Editor:Gedit.>c) Terminal:Gnome terminal.>d) Media/Video/Music:Rhythmbox / Videos. >e) Browser:Firefox.>5.) Post a picture of your desktopPic related.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?Since January 2014.>2.) Which distribution do you use?Manjaro.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?No.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:whatever is the default DM/WM in Manjaro.>b) Text Editor:Mousepad and LibreOffice Writer>c) Terminal:Xfce terminal>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC>e) Browser:Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopNo.
1.) How many years have you been using it?4 years2.) Which distribution do you use?arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?i'll putz around with drm free lunix-ported things sometimes (Bastion, Invisible Inc. FTL, etc), but i'm not a big fan of games4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:herbstluftwmb) Text Editor:vimc) Terminal:urxvtd) Media/Video/Music:mpv for videosxiv for imagesmpd for audiompd frontends all suck, though, so i'm trying to make my own.e) Browser:firefox+pentadactyl5.) Post a picture of your desktopnote:i use the setup i do because i've been able to set it up once and just use it without constant maintenance. more complete DEs for linux systems have the problem of tending to completely change every year or so, making updating a system without reinstalling a hassle sometimes
I use Manjaro KDE on my older, alternate, gaming desktop (Win 8.1 on main). Manjaro xfce for my Plex/Teamspeak/Gmod server. Arch on my Thinkpad, which I use the most.1.) 6 months or so.2.) Arch and Manjaro.3.) CS:GO; I mostly game on Windows4.) For my Arch install:a) DM/WM: i3 with Comptonb) Text Editor: nano or Katec) Terminal: Konsoled) Media/Video/Music: Mplayere) Browser: Firefox and Chromium
good infoi really need to do this, i currently have windows on an old hdd which i use only for solidworks, and it's a pita to switch to and from it just for thatright now i'd need to pick up another graphics card though, as i'm using an amd fx (no igp)as a related side-note, my current mobo only has two pcie slots, a 16x slot, and a 1x slot right next to itquestion is; will connecting a card to the 1x slot (probably will need to use a 1x>16x cabled adapter to get it to fit) be fine for solidworks use?
It's a theme.
> How many years have you been using it?~5 years> Which distribution do you use?arch> Do you play any games, if so which ones?tf2 mostly> What software do you use?> DM/WM:i3wm> Text Editor:sublime> Terminal:xterm> Media/Video/Music:vlc> Browser:chromium
actually, i'll probably just have the vm use a gpu in the 16x slot, there's not many graphics-intensive things i do in linux, and many of them can be done under windows also
>1.) How many years have you been using it?~1 year>2.) Which distribution do you use?Xubuntu >3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?GPU: GTX 770Installing Nvidia driver freeze Xubuntu login (decrypting system partition) at booting. Didn't find a fix for that.  >4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM: XFCE>b) Text Editor: SublimeText>c) Terminal: Terminator>d) Media/Video/Music: Clemetine,MPV>e) Browser: Firefox, Chromium5.) Post a picture of your desktopOld screenshot though
lol!  770 with nouveau?
>keep pressing F8 after 3 missies and restarting>recovery mode>select shell>~$ restart>login>all of that just to startupI might throw the SSD aswell lol
1.) How many years have you been using it?About 42.) Which distribution do you use?Debian3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Yes, mainly DOTA.4.) What software do you use?Uhh, web browser, terminal, development stuff... and that's about it.a) DM/WM: MATE for general computing (web browsing, etc), i3 for workb) Text Editor:vimc) Terminal:I don't really care, I think I'm using the MATE terminal emulator. If you're asking for the shell just plain bash.d) Media/Video/Music:I normally just have Google play open in a browser for music.e) Browser:Chromium
>1.) How many years have you been using it?about a decade>2.) Which distribution do you use?gentoo>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?minecraft>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:dwm>b) Text Editor:vim>c) Terminal:st>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopit's blank
1) No idea, five or more, at least.2) Right now I use Linux Mint and Kubuntu. I'm just lazy, probably would've changed at least Mint if i cared enough.3) A whole bunch of steam games, I own over 100 but don't play all of them. Also World of Warcraft.4)    a) cinnamon, kde5    b) vim    c) gnome-terminal, konsole    d) mpv, vlc, deadbeef, banshee and whatever the kde one is called    e) firefox5) desktop? meh, it's full of shit and ugly wallpaper, because im lazy
1) 1-22) Linux Mint but i usually use Arch3) FTL, Uplink, CSS, CS 1.6 and DoD4)a) Cinammonb) Emacsc) Guaked) VLC and Spotifye) Firefox5) Naw
1.) How many years have you been using it?12.) Which distribution do you use?mint, laptop runs gnome3+ubuntu3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?don't play games, once i played some minecraft (it's a java game)4.) What software do you use?mainly the terminal to get things done, using my favorite multiplexer "tmux"pathogen nerdree kdenlive simplescreenrecorder banshee hexchat eclipse vim+nerdTree tsc, babel, npm, GCC, perl/shell (for ripping songs off youtube), gedit, firefox, libre suite (office, impress)a) DM/WM: the fuck is thisb) Text Editor: vim and geditc) Terminal: terminald) Media/Video/Music: bansheee) Browser: firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktop
>I have some questions for you:>1.) How many years have you been using it?7>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian/CentOS>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Dota 2, CS:GO, Civilization V>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Mate>b) Text Editor:nano>c) Terminal:mate-terminal/urxvt >d) Media/Video/Music:vlc>e) Browser:firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktop
How is CentOS? I'm curious.
Very good with epel repo.
Never heard of that until now, cool.
In fact using two dedicated graphics cards is easier to achieve than mixing integrated and dedicated graphics. So in the end you won't even have to patch anything.Godspeed Anon.
sweeti've worked out how i'm going to add the extra card, i've noticed i don't actually have any slots/space below the mobo, so i'm going to have to have the card outside the case (on an anti-static bag to start with, maybe i'll make a little box for it)should be fun
>on an anti-static bagHELL NO
suggestions?
Let me elaborate : the surface of antistatic bags may be conductive.Anything as long as it's nonconducting.
>1.) How many years have you been using it?About 9 years, our high-school couldn't have Windows/Macs due to licensing issues - so we just used debian everywhere instead. >2.) Which distribution do you use?Linux Mint Debian Edition - I've done my fair share of distro hopping; mainly around the debian and debian-based region. I was looking for a distro system that would offer good support for Wacom tablets for digital art as well as friendly system that I was used to using to program. >3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Call this blasphemy, but I keep a boot of Windows 8.1 on this laptop for my collection of steam games due to the lack of Linux support for some older titles - I'm fine deleting the OS if all titles have support. (So far I would say it's around 60 percent).For everything else, there's WINE and PlayOnLinux.I also keep a variety of Emulators on both systems:-DeSuME (Nintendo DS Emulator)-Dolphin (Gamecube/ Wii Emulator - I even got the Wiimotes to work!)-DOSBOX (DOS Emulator)-FCEUX (Famicom Emulator)-PCSX (Playstation Emulator)-Visualboyadvance (GBA/Gameboy Emulator)>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:It's between Awesome and XFCE. Both of them are light on resources and offer their own means of customization. But it's purely whatever I feel like using today.>b) Text Editor:Nano, Gedit or Emacs - again, personal preference and dependent on the task.>c) Terminal:Terminator for when I need tiling for terminal heavy work (Essays, documentation) - UXTerm is a good choice too.>d) Media/Video/Music:ncmpcpp - this is godlike for music.livestreamer - I use this in order to view streams from Picarto and Twitch as well as watch youtube without having to access the website.mpv - Livestreamer usually goes into this unless - works fine and does the job if you just leave it alone. Also works well with a tiling/borderless look>e) Browser:Firefox, but I'm thinking about dwb.>5.) Post a picture of your desktopokie.
1. 19902. Emacs3. dunnet, hanoi, doctor4.a) Emacsb) Emacsc) Emacsd) Emacse) Emacs5. http://sprunge.us/UFbi
Epic :^)
1. 16 years2. Debian3. No4. (a) i3  (b) vii  (c) urxvt. (d) vlc  (e) Firefox
oh right, i know that muchi'm pretty tired right now, not being specific
1.) How many years have you been using it?>42.) Which distribution do you use?>Xubuntu - daily>Mint - weekly3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?>Whatever I am interested in at the time. Mostly low-tier tower defense games from Steam + Surgeon Simulator + Risk of Rain4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: xfceb) Text Editor> whaterver the distro has (mousepad or gedit usually)c) Terminal> whatever the distro hasd) Media/Video/Music> gmusicbrowser (this is great), VLC (meh)e) Browser> Pale Moon, Vivaldi5.) Post a picture of your desktop> no
>1.) How many years have you been using it?under a year>2.) Which distribution do you use?Debian, I'm switching to Arch soon.>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?I normally boot into Windows for most games, however i still play some CS:GO, uplink and system shock 2 on linux.>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3wm>b) Text Editor:nano or vim>c) Terminal:rxvt-unicode>d) Media/Video/Music:mpv for video, cmus for music>e) Browser:Firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktopmy busy right monitor, it's normally like this.
1.) 5-6 years2.) arch on desktop, jewbuntu on laptop3.) not really, but dota2.4.) a.) gnomeb.) gedit, vimc.) gnome-terminald.) mpv, rhythmboxe.) firefox5.) a bit embarassing, but well.. this isn't desktop thread anyway
1. since 20062. yosemite mac3. civilization and the sims4. i use photoshop and illustrator because im a graphic desigher/web dev5.a. i dont know what that isb. pagesc. i stay away from the terminald. itunese. safari5. i dont know how to take a screenshot
1.) How many years have you been using it?About 5 months, I'm pretty new to GNU/Linux2.) Which distribution do you use?Right now Fedora, but thinking on switch to Arch3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Mostly VN via wine, but if something don't work properly i use dual boot4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: Gnomeb) Text Editor: Nano/Vimc) Terminal: Bashd) Media/Video/Music: MPVe) Browser: Firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktopI prefer not. It's shit

I do.1) I've been mostly using GNU/Linux over a year now, dual-booting Ubuntu with Windows, until a few weeks ago when I got rid of my Windows partition and installed only Arch Linux. So yeah, a few weeks.2) Arch Linux3) I plan on installing Steam at some point and get a few nice games but I'm not too bothered at the moment.4)a) awesome with xcompmgr as compositor (compton gave me problems), devilspie for transparency, GTK, Thunar and vifm as file managers and dmenu for fetching files quickly.b) Chiefly Neovim and sometimes Emacs.c) urxvt + zsh.d) mpv, mpd + ncmpcppe) Mainly Chromium and sometimes Firefox.
I'm not a tech guy but I'll try my best1.) How many years have you been using it?9 years2.) Which distribution do you use?Mint3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Diablo 2, Warcraft 3, Starcraft 1 and 3, Minecraft4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: b) Text Editor: Libre Officec) Terminal: d) Media/Video/Music: N/Ae) Browser: Firefox5.) Not at my desktop atmLove Linux so much. Its years ahead of any other OS
> How many years have you been using it?4>2.) Which distribution do you use?Ubuntu>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Nope4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM:Work: openbox+tint2, basically crunchbang setup on ubuntuown: GNOME 3b) Text Editor:Vim/Sublime Textc) Terminal:Terminatord) Media/Video/Music:mpv/rhythmbox for musice) Browser:Firefox
What's your experience installing and running LoL on GNU/Linux?
>1.) How many years have you been using it?about 4 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?very rarely. dcss, rimworld, live for speed, minecraft>4.) What software do you use?DM/WM: awesome wmText Editor: neovimTerminal: termiteMedia/Video/Music: feh, mpv, spotify-clientBrowser: firefox w/ vimperator
so hardcore, opening a standard network program's template in C.. just for the epictureyou could've opened a better source code fa/g/
>Who here runs Linux/BSD full-time as a primary desktop OS?It isn't my primary desktop OS since I need Windows as my workstation but I have other computer with it so:1.) How many years have you been using it?I'm not sure, around a year or so. Before that I was just experimenting with different desktops.2.) Which distribution do you use?LXLE. I'm going to change it to puppy linux in a few weeks.3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?>Linux>Games4.) What software do you use?a) DM/WM: LXDEb) Text Editor: Not in linuxc) Terminal: I don't rememberd) Media/Video/Music: Don't remembere) Browser: Sea-mokey5.) Post a picture of your desktopIf you say so
windoze>Tips OpenSUSE
>graphic desigher [sic]>i dont know how to take a screenshot>web dev>i stay away from the terminal
1.) How many years have you been using it?>Little over a year now2.) Which distribution do you use?>Arch Linux3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Not reallly, I play 0ad mostly or Emu's4.) What software do you use?open or closed sourced, but mostly open sourceda) DM/WM:xfce/xfwm4b) Text Editor: geany(programming), leafpad(general text editing)c) Terminal: urxvtd) Media/Video/Music: mpv/deadbeefe) Browser:Firefox5.) Post a picture of your desktop
>1.) How many years have you been using it?2 Days...>2.) Which distribution do you use?Xubuntu>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?a) CS:GOb) CS:Sc) CSd) Hotline Miami>4.) What software do you use?Still looking for what I can use...Using default WM on Xubuntu (?) Tried i3 but didn't expect it to turn out as it did on install... will go back to it later when I actually know what I am doing.MPV is installed, yet to properly use it. Tried mpd+ncmpcpp but it justdidn'twerk.jpgTeamSpeak 3 is installed but I don't understand why all the contents of it are sitting in my user folder, managed to create a shortcut to the file to launch it... but it isn't optimal really. Could I be pointed in the direction of some useful sources for someone wanting to get into Linux?
>Programming C in 2015>using gotokek
>1.) How many years have you been using it?3.5>2.) Which distribution do you use?Fedora>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?CK2, EU4, Wargame, Nethack>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:Gnome 3>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:Fish>d) Media/Video/Music:Vlc and stock Gnome applications>e) Browser:Firefox>5.) Post a picture of your desktopRicing is a waste of time.
>Ctrl+F "emacs" -> 21 matches>Ctrl+F "vim -> 89 matches
>1.) How many years have you been using it?8>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Pretty much just dota 2>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM: plasma>b) Text Editor: nano/geany>c) Terminal: konsole/xterm>d) Media/Video/Music: banshee>e) Browser: firefox/chromium>5.) Post a picture of your desktopOn mobile >Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.
>Ctrl-F> not /0/10 see me after class
Anyone?
1 Since hoary hedgehog, so about 10 years2 Trisquel 3 Minetest (free Minecraft)4 LXDE/whatever Trisquel mini uses, nano, lxterm, smplayer, GNU icecat browserSmall desktop because I use an X60 with libreboot for a totally free system
1.) 7 years2.) Arch, Debian3.) No (but if yes: Age of Empires 1)4.) a.) WM: karuiwm     b.) Text Editor: vim     c.) urxvt     d.) Media/Video/Music: ??/mplayer/MPD+ncmpcpp     e.) dwb5.) Picture of Desktop: No>Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.Yeah, the most efficient way to answer that question is to ask a bunch of vain basement dwellers about their setup.
>Using default WM on Xubuntu (?) Tried i3 but didn't expect it to turn out as it did on install... will go back to it later when I actually know what I am doing.I wouldn't do tiling immediately. Stick to hat you know until you understand enough. You'll have all the problems, but you don't have to have them all at once.>MPV is installed, yet to properly use it. Tried mpd+ncmpcpp but it justdidn'twerk.jpgEven if you're using Xubuntu the arch wiki should have some good tutorials and tips on setting up mpd. Again, try using a graphical client first if that's what you're used to>TeamSpeak 3 is installed but I don't understand why all the contents of it are sitting in my user folder, managed to create a shortcut to the file to launch it... but it isn't optimal really. TeamSpeak is totally weird. They don't want to package their software so you have to either set it up yourself or use it manually. I put my team speak directory in /usr/local/bin/ and created a .desktop file to launch it graphicaly. Look up on those things.>Could I be pointed in the direction of some useful sources for someone wanting to get into Linux?I hope I could help you. Feel free to ask for any assistance on you journey.
 (OP)>1.) How many years have you been using it?5 years>2.) Which distribution do you use?Arch and CentOS>3.) Do you play any games, if so which ones?Dota 2>4.) What software do you use?>a) DM/WM:i3>b) Text Editor:Vim>c) Terminal:terminator>d) Media/Video/Music:VLC/Clementine>e) Browser:firefox
Is Minetest nice? Or is it still early days?
I work with numerical simulation, that uses a shitton of both.It's the same but with no unfree packages. I find it useful to have conscience about what I'm using. I still use skype to talk with my family, but at least I know what I'm dealing with.Also, I had to change my wifi card. But I just bough a 5$ atheros card on ebay and everything went well.
Thanks, I'm just curious how practical it is in 2015.>Yeah, the most efficient way to answer that question is to ask a bunch of vain basement dwellers about their setup.the most efficient way to figure that out is to have a computer with a blank hard drive (easier setup, no temptation to switch to windows on dual boot) install a MODERN Linux distro like Ubuntu 15.04, and try to use it for normal day-to-day stuff, like browsing, downloading shit and the like during a fixed period of time (e.g. a 3-month challenge)
For the average user, if you put anything that doesn't break by itself nowadays it's good. I installed Manjaro on the computer of a friend of mine (she's a nanny don't expect much) and she's using it for an year already.
>try using a graphical client firstOriginally I used Foobar2000 on Windows. I loved how flexible it was as far as customisation and file management is concerned. Do you know of any suitable alternatives? Ones that I have tried either look hideous or have some really wacky way of arranging my files. (Ability to organise by Album Artist is a must)>TeamSpeak is totally weird.So the loops which you have to jump through in order to setup Teamspeak is a rare process?> I put my team speak directory in /usr/local/bin/As you may have guessed I have pretty much just moved from Windows, is /usr/local/bin/ the equivalent of the Program folders on Windows?There are various programs which I have installed and removed, how can I be sure that all the contents of these are entirely removed?Appreciate the help.
I would agree with you if it wasn't for the retarded emphasis on "modern" - it's one of the words that get tossed around very frequently these days, too often as a lame excuse for blunt regression. If I were to fix your statement to be more coherent, I'd substitute it by "beginner-friendly", or "average-user-friendly".
I use a IBM Thinkpad x60 running libreboot and trisquel.
I say "modern" because a lot of people gets frustrated with Linux, sometimes they try again, but they are using always old ISOs... like:>Another /g/ thread about Linux, OK, they won, I'll try>user opens a drawer and finds the DVD that has burnt 7 years ago>installs it on a 2014 computer>hardware not detected>boots Windows again, goes to /g/ and starts a thread about how Linux sucks and the lacks of drivers for his video card
1.) 32.) Mint3.) Civ V on my linux machine, if I want to play games I just use my other PC 4.)---a) Cinnamon---b) Sublime text 3/Atom io depending on what I'm working with---c) just the default terminal that comes with mint---d) VLC---e) Firefox
http://torrentfreak.com/hola-vpn-sells-users-bandwidth-150528/>The operator of [sorry, cannot post that word] says the bandwidth of millions of Hola users is being sold for reuse, with some of it even being used to attack his site. Speaking with TorrentFreak, Hola founder Ofer Vilenski says that users' idle resources are indeed utilized for commercial sale, but that has been the agreement all along.4chan, I'm so disappoint. We used to be the ones who unmask these rogues. We, not them.
>Hola is a legal botnetOh my god
>Israel-based>Israel>Trusting Israel
Go away crip.  Not your personal army.Reported for commercial spam.
>TorrentFreak>selling something
>Israel-based/pol/ was right once againgas the kikesrace war now
You're trying to advertise your site and get us to work against Hola.  Not your personal army.
I think you're the faggot here, anon.That article says Hola are actively selling peoples' bandwidth as a VPN - Seems like it affects more than just one website, wouldn't you agree?
I always thought Hola was a fishy piece of shit.The worst part is they're just going "Yup, we're selling our users' bandwidth. They agreed to it." as if it's perfectly fine. Cunts.
As it says in their FAQ.  Sign up for a free VPN service where the price is use of your system as a VPN, and OMG, you're telling me they're being used as a VPN?  Next you'll be telling me that TOR exit nodes are exit nodes!  And that when I'm seeding it means SOMEONE ELSE IS DOWNLOADING FROM ME!Go away, crip.  Not your personal army.
I said this like a year ago and no one even bothered to bring it uphttps://warosu.org/g/thread/S42587310#p42588074
Stop shilling for hola, you faggot.For starters, I'm not that cripple, I'm not even OP - I'm just an anon who's concerned about some company having *legal* access to a botnet made up of stupid people who don't read FAQs.
remove it. regedit. search Hola, delete.done. go tell /b/ because they are probably the ones who shill'ed this shit in the first place.
Not your personal army, crip.  Just because you have a beef with the people who use Hola and think crying about it is going to save your pathetic website, that doesn't make it our problem.
>Go away crip. Not your personal army.>Not your personal army.>Go away, crip.  Not your personal army.>Not your personal army, crip.Hi, bot!
Oh, I don't use it myself.I just don't like the idea that a single guy could just decide to effectively LOIC any website I own, and I'd have no defense.Even Tor has a service that allows you to see if an incoming connection is an exit node or not. But hola has no such service.>He keeps calling me cripI'm not asking for a personal army, I'm just discussing this shitGo back to /b/, cunt.I'm done with you
This nigger seriously shilling for a shitty PAID botnet?what the fuck is wrong with you
>crip>not your personal army heresomething smells with matzos and dead palestinian children and it sure ain't mego away you hook nosed kike
the best way to fight it is, promote it's removal, it's use etc etc.make a tutorial. get the word out. I don't use garbage like that, but I'm sure for the shitposters it is a must have tool, so good luck.
You gonna samefag at 8 posters all day?
all of the real techies left for [H]ardforums and the rest of us just slapfight over smartphoneswhat do you want from us
samefagging againPoster 9
learn what a samefag is, samefag. >hello newfriend, goodbye samefag, lurkmoar plz.
Still samefagging your thread, eh crip?I think you're starting to clue in that we're not gaymergaters who'll act in incoherent rage at every imagined and invented slight.It's a VPN.  Nobody cares.  We're not going to create a police state breaking down people's doors to search their computers for "illegal" communication software just because your server can't handle a couple hundred requests.
>> (You)>>>You gonna samefag at 8 posters all day?I kek'd.
yeah you sure got me.>back to reddit
>black background
Well, I deleted hola and got zenmate but apparently it won't let me used US vpn to access netflix. It keeps saying it's not available in that country. So that's useless. I got spotflux instead and it works great. Cya later Hola, glad I saw this thread.
>my country doesn't give a fuck about piracy>no VPNs needed>mfw
Is uninstall from chrome not enough? There are too many instances of Hola in regedit for me to feel safe deleting them.
Back up the entries and check where they point to before you delete them.
I honestly do not know, from what I'm seeing it installs more than just a browser addon.if on winOS remove it from add/remove programs.look for the (possible) temp folders it created.delete that shit. hit up regedit and delete that shit as well.I have not used it so can't be sure but that is where/how I'd start.
I don't understand how it could install more than just a browser addon if you installed it through chrome and not an exe.
well, is it in add/remove programs?I'm not installing that shit to find out but looking at their homepage, there is a media player as well.
>not wanting fried eyes by 30ayy
guys hola was the only thing that worked for this site. i just kept making free accounts and recommending a friend (a throw away email) now it all turns to shit.what else is similar that I can do this with please?also no wonder it stopped working here for the past 2-3 days
No, it isn't. I checked. But when you install it through chrome it doesn't do any changes to windows (it doesn't ask for permission to modify system or run executable)
I need to know this as well. Took so long to find a good 4chan one.
No shit. What kind of retard uses any free VPN?
whats a good vpn that costs about 5 bucks that I can use on 4chan?seems like theres 100's
people who literally only use a vpn for netflix, aka normies
-if- you find a VPN that it's IPs aren't banned here keep it to yourself.
some of the countries for hola weren't blocked, im talking to you finland
>to shitWhat are you talking about?  It was only used to DDoS gaymergaterchan.  That's like calling TOR shit because somebody downloaded a Katie Perry album through it.
ive been years hola for years with no problem.now when i try to use it these past few days I get "this proxy server is refusing connections" error
Most the countries on my hola were unblocked.I'm getting this error now too.
Alright /gents iam fcking hate Lgs bloaty lollipop update.But still want to have the lollipop experienceAny recommendations on stable lollipop roms
guys what the fuck
>Guys, what the fuck have Lenovo done to their logo?That only took five seconds to think and write and it's much clearer than the ultra-vague post you just made.
OP what the fuck?
J E A N SEANS
They need to change their whole beaner sounding name. Its disgusting.
Tabs or Spaces?
>spaces
Tabs.I see aboslutely NO reasons to use spaces.>but they look nice and are good for my ASCII-art commentsDecorating your shit means you aren't getting actual shit done.
Tabs, only retards use space instead of tab.
I just hotkey tab to put in 4 spaces. Cry about it.
Tabs for indentation, spaces for formatting. If your editor doesn't have smarttabbing, then just use spaces before you hurt yourself.
Following this SO poll: https://stackoverflow.com/research/developer-survey-2015Most people like tabs, but more experienced programmers prefer spaces my a large margin.
Tabs for Golang code, spaces for everything else.
I like 4 spaced tabs but github interprets tabs as 8 spacesMy comments looks all fucked up at 8 spaces, 8 spaces leaves a lot less room on a line so I'm considering switching to spaces entirely
4 spaces master race.
Banner style > everythingtabs win.
They're only beating him because he's ginger
Emacs does it for meso nuttin
Tabs because makefile.
What are some of the must-have programs for Linux?Is there a Linux equivalent for>TeamViewer>DC++>Any Digital Audio Workstation (DAW)?What's the best Desktop Environment in your opinion?What's the best File Manager in your opinion?
install windows
Any Digital Audio Workstation (DAW)?tons. ArdourLMMSBitwigPure DataSupercolliderRenoiseQtractorRosegardenMuse SequencerNON timeline/mixer/session manager/sequencerRadiumSunvoxSeq24Seq48There are a few others I'm forgetting about. There should be more and more now that bitwig and uhe support it. You are not really restricted to one grand DAW anyway, linux audio is modular so you can use things like Carla along with standalone synths or drum machines and have them in sync and saved by a session manager.
>TeamViewerThere is a linux version>DC++I'm sure there are tons but I don't know about that area.
Linux equivalent for TeamViewer is TeamViewer. On to the desktop i dont think there is a "best" DE , many DEs have different uses, i like gnome 3 for the "full" desktop and xfce as a light/windows-like DE. I dont care about file managers that much , nothing seems better featured than TC on windows and thunar/nautilus/pcmanfm do fine for basic use. I dont really get the "best apps" threads, software needs a purpose to be used and compared by it to others.
i3rangercmusemacsirssi
Is there any way to make Dota 2 run decently with an AMD card? I keep getting drops to 30~ FPS which never happened with directx (constant 100+).Also why is arch the best distro.
I haven't gotten to the gaming side of things yet except CS:GO in Steam, and it werks.The best distro is what works for YOU. The distro that is my best distro, could be different from your best distro. Experiment and find out.
But how do they compare to say, FLS or Ableton?
I run steam games fine on nvidia/ubuntu-gnome (but had to disable sync to vblank and allow flipping in nvidia settings cause mutters vsync make some frame skips) Things worked fine on Arch , Fedora (with some SElinux errors that needed workarounds) manjaro ,even puppy. but vsync with nvidia drivers is screwed.all i can say is install new amd drivers , use a simple DE like openbox for steam games to troubleshoot and try switching off some options like vsync etc if u can. Use a "search engine" to   look for solutions with your distro/de/hardware problems
Nice, thank you so much for the list.Gah, I am retarded and should ofcourse have checked if a Linux version existed before I asked. My bad.Yes, I agree about the "best" part, but I meant which one do you prefer. I could have phrased it better.Thanks for the list!
Well bitwig is obviously pretty similar to ableton. But then how do FLS and ableton compare? It's not really something easy to quantify. All have different strengths and objectives. Most of the ones listed above are libre and gratis, the ones that are not have demos to try.I use renoise myself, I prefer it to FLS, Ableton and Bitwig.
TeamViewerit has a linux versionDC++dunno wtf that is and wont searchAny Digital Audio Workstation (DAW)?Ardour and LMMS are the only ones i knowIf you're gonna work with audio let me advise you to not use KDE
>If you're gonna work with audio let me advise you to not use KDEand why's that anon?
Trinity Desktop Enviornment is the best don't let the weaboos tell you different.
Extra audio layer that usually fucks everything up
>What's the best Desktop Environment in your opinion?gnome (most featured, most supported. heavy - sure, but if you don't want heavy you go with a wm not a de), kde>What's the best File Manager in your opinion?Dolphin. Unfortunately shitton of kde dependencies.
Which is what?
Is TDE for KDE pretty much what MATE is for gnome3?
what what?
Yup, no over the hill looking shit, just a solid desktop environment.
What are you talking about? What is this extra layer that makes doing anything with audio difficult in KDE?
Putty
phonon
How does that have anything do with using JACK?
Dumb question from a dumb motherfucker>Linux Mint 17.1 Mate>How do I change the window manager from "marco" to i3?I've got the packages but I can't run i3 because "ERROR: Another window manager seems to be running (X error 10)". The forums didn't help.
http://ankkatalo.net/2014/04/mate-and-i3-as-your-preferred-desktop/
If you're capable of using i3 then you're capable of using a search engine or going to the arch or gentoo wiki
Is it possible to add components from another DE?I just can't cope with the idea of having compatibility with that.
i3 --replace
cmatrix is a must
lol
Help me understand something /g/. How much difference does your processor make in playing games? I have a 3770K overclocked to 4.4 Ghz, and a GTX 670. If I were to upgrade just my graphics card, what kind of performance boost would I see?
More FPS, higher quality of textures. It all depends on what you buy.
>670Unless you switch to gtx 980 or 290x. You won't see much difference
Guess I should mention, I will  probably upgrade to when the next Nvidia cards come out (1080?)
The better the graphics card the better performance in games. You will see a large boost if you get a significant upgrade. logicalincrements.com is a good guide The 3770K should be fine without any upgrade needed.
Right, but what I am really asking is, how much difference the processor makes. Is there really any point in getting a new card?
If you upgraded your processor, you'd feel like a dumb ass. You would see almost no difference. If you upgraded your 670 to something like a 290 or 290X, or if you have the money to waste, a 980, you'd see a massive difference. Just don't get a fucking 970. Everyone says games will never use more than 3.5GB, but they're full of shit, OP.
I feel like within the next year-1.5 years I will have to replace my 970 because VRAM requirements will be too high at comfortable settings.
>hurr what are benchmarks>durr what is googleI despise people like you OP
You plan to game on 4k?I really can't imagine me replacing my U2713HM, except for maybe the PB278Q. Even then I wouldn't need more VRAM obviously.Also my 780 SC is still going strong, I might pick up another one in a couple of years with/after the 144hz WQHD.
Man, even at 1080p I reached 3.2GB in GTA V. Imagine 2 years from now... Unless dx12 pulls a rabbit out of a hat and makes VRAM stackable, I'm screwed.
The processor runs everything in the game besides the most intensive and parallel tasks involved in it, the 3D rendering, which is handled by the GPU. Sometime physics can be offloaded onto the GPU as well (PhysX or DirectCompute-based physics engines), but those are rare cases.What this means is that, based on the demands of that specific software (the game in question), your CPU defines the absolute highest framerate you'll be able to get in the game, which is what you see if you set graphics settings and resolution to the absolute lowest allowed (thus taking GPU performance out of the equation, since barely any is required). From there, the higher you set the graphics settings and resolution, the more the GPU is taxed with rendering it all, and the more the framerate will fall from the maximum your CPU allows.This maximum framerate allowed by the CPU does not scale linearly with CPU models, frequency or number of cores. A recent Techspot article (link below) has shown that in today's games a Core i3 CPU provides between 80% to 90% of the performance of a Core i5 CPU (in this context, performance = framerate), and a Core i7 CPU provides almost no advantage over a Core i5 one. If you search around for overclocking tests in games, you'll also see that a 20% overclock does not translate into a 20% increase in maximum possible framerate.>http://www.techspot.com/review/972-intel-core-i3-vs-i5-vs-i7/If you think CPUs have anything even remotely related to texture quality, you're a complete retard and should consider ending your own life.
Thank you for this informative post.
>If you think CPUs have anything even remotely related to texture quality, you're a complete retard and should consider ending your own life.>If I were to upgrade just my graphics card, what kind of performance boost would I see?That's the question he answered, sperglord.
What about 3D softwares then? Let's say I'm gonna use 3DS Max, Maya and SFM, does the CPU do the biggest work in this case?
No. More cores do help with rendering, but the GPU is definitely going to be the one doing the heavy lifting.
Thanks, has been bothering me for a while.
Yes. If that's the case, get either a Intel chip with HT (LGA-1150-based Xeon, preferably), or a FX-8000 series from AMD.And NO, the GPU has nothing to do with rendering in that specific case. Software like that runs on your CPU, not on your GPU, unlike  suggests.Some third-party renderers do support GPU rendering, but you either get faster but less precise (which usually means noisier) images if you use single-precision rendering, or essentially the same results, both in quality and time required, if using double-precision rendering, because consumer cards (GeForce and Radeon) almost always have crippled double-precision performance. If you want fast double-precision GPU rendering, you need a Quadro or FirePro card, which are expensive and their drivers suck for gaming.

A note 4 has just fallen into my lap, i belive it is one that was shipped from a store, it has no battery or sd card,sim nor stylus,since there is no way for me to find the owner, is it safe to sell?
"fallen into your lap"If this is literally true, sure, but it isn't. Where'd ya get it, anon??
I was at the mall a week ago and went to the bathroom and it was sitting on the sink, i waited for 15 min to see if anyone came in looking for it, then the other day i asked the security desk if anyone asked if they were looking for a note 4, he said no, no one asked.
Who would buy a phone with no battery?
Is Elon Musk the Steve Jobs of the 2010s?
I would say he's the Mark Zuckerberg of the 2010s but that makes no sense.
It depends whether he actually made his "inventions" himselfif (elonMuskInvents == true) { then elonMusk != steveJobs}else { elonMusk != steveJobs}
He's the Jesus of the 2010s, our fucking savior, not some insane autist who owns 120 of the same black turtleneck.
I fucked it up. else { elonMusk == steveJobs}
he's the qt3.14 of the 2010s
Was just about to correct you.
Please go away, John Flynt.
Not really. What he helped popularize actually werks, and isn't a kitchen utility, unlike Apple shit.
>using elonMuskInvents == true>using curly brackets and "then"This better be bait
More of a Richard Branson
Nice bait.
I just googled who that is and you better fuck right off you cunt.
its Brianna Wu now, I don't need any mansplaining from you, shitlord
what's the point of these comparisons anyway
He's the aftershave of 2010.
Steve Jobs never made his own shit, Elon Musk might have or he may not have.
In my experience Musk isn't too much of an asshole, unlike what I've heard about Jobs. Also, Musk is actually a competent engineer. And while I don't reflexively hate on Apple products, launching shit into space and trying to get mass adoption of electric cars to succeed seems more important to me than getting consumers to drop another $800 on a new iPhone b/c its 1mm thinner than last years model.
NO.
He doesn't, he's just the CEO
Well if he hasn't made anything then he is like Steve Jobs.
>Not using Qbasic
IF elonMuskInvents = TRUE THENelonMusk != steveJobsELSEelonMusk = steveJobsENDIF
He's actually really knowledgeable about rocket design. He's not Tom Mueller but he's much more than just a figurehead. The dude is intimately involved in all facets of the company and really knows his shit.
quit trying Brianna, you're horrible at this
i know i know "its on the internet so it must be true"there's a couple of people on /g/ that supposedly work for spacex and said he's an extremely hard worker.
Yep, I said as much in a thread a couple weeks ago.Or maybe Elon just pays me to defend him on an anonymous Chinese cartoon imageboard.
This is insulting. Steve Jobs>Stole ideas from other companies>creates overpriced underteched gadgets for self absorbed adult-children>No innovation or ingenuity besides stamping a logo on everythingMark Zuckerberg>creates the most elaborate data collection apparatus since PRISM>Ruining the future of oculus rift>turned newer generations of children into uninformed reactionaries>Turned parents into "did you see that meme the other day" shitpostersElon Musk>managed to survive white genocide in South Africa>Company entirely backed by successfully innovating NASA's work>literally the NEW frontiersman>will push the boundaries of space exploration/travel>doing something worthwhile for humans instead of degradation>is Elon Musk the Mark Zuckerberg of the 2010s? >is Elon Musk the Steve Jobs of the 2010s?BITCH NIGGAElon Musk is the ELON MUSK of the 2010s.
Na, he looks straight
>managed to survive white genocide in South AfricaWhatHe's not a nigger
int musk_is_jobs (musk_t musk){  return !musk.num_inventions;}
He's born and raised in South Africa you twit.
What did Steve Jobs invent?
profitable theft denial
Steve Jobs wanted to sell things so he could make money.Elon Musk made things so he could improve the world.
Yeah I got that, the whites were genociding the blacks
They certainly treated the blacks like shit but no they were not trying to commit genocide against blacks. Ironically, many believe that since the end of apartheid there has been an ongoing attempt to rid SA of whites, particularly in the rural areas through murder.
Elon Musk will probably die as a saint.Gentooman was glad Steve Jobs died.
no. musk is actually smart and while i am sure he is a cunt he isnt a total super cunt like jobs.
Well saidYuropoorearns are trying to slacker our based Elon Musk.Go be poor elsewhere.
>Is Elon Musk the Steve Jobs of the 2010s?Well hes a business ownerFor some strange reason people attribute all the successes of Tesla and SpaceX to him personallyHes worshipped by complete faggots who love redditYes. Elon Musk is Steve Jobs 2.0.
musk wants to use other people's money to make the world a "better" place. tesla motors would be bankrupt if it wasn't propped up with government subsidies.
>Is Elon Musk the Steve Jobs of the 2010s?why are insulting Steve?
please stop edgy programmer kunis this how autists try to make jokes?
When you see him speaking he seems honest and likeable, but you always wish he would speak more fluently.
Musk hasn't released a single that anyone under 30 can afford to buy. He's pumping money into rockets going into space and other delusional behavior. Instead, how about improving things like education so i dont have to go to high school / college and actually have to read 100 pages a week of shakespeare and other meaningless shit
That's better than most uses of other people's money.
I'm not making a joke, just correcting his shitty nonsensical code.
Nations in Africa with large populations of Whites (basically Just South Africa now, but formerly Rhodesia/Zimbabwe as well) have been losing their white populations steadily over the last few decades. They are being bred out, voted out, and in some cases, straight up killed. Look up some documentaries on the burnings of white farms in South Africa.
Steve Jobs is the Steve Jobs of the 2010s. Second closet person is Ive.
speaking in his start/stop way is actually very deliberate. they teach that in communication skills. It gives people a natural break to process what they have just heard. you will find most people in important positions talk this way. the biggest issue tech people have when public speaking is overloading the audience by talking to quickly so they have to learn to go slower even if their minds are racing at 100mph with that they want to say.
this. steve jobs destroyed tech, mark zuckerburg destoryed privacy, elon musk is the hero of mankind
>Musk hasn't released a single that anyone under 30 can afford to buy.where do you live?
Musk revolutionized space travel. Jobs revolutionized comsumerism. Not really the same thing.
Is this reddit?
>Ironically, many believe that since the end of apartheid there has been an ongoing attempt to rid SA of whites, particularly in the rural areas through murder.They are you dumb shit. Read a news article.
>Musk revolutionized space travelName one thing Musk invented that revolutionized  space travel? He's just the money guy. That's like saying the guy that gave Tesla money is to be credited for all the achievements of Nikola Tesla.
>there's a couple of people on /g/ that supposedly work for spacexkek
>PayPal still highly despised>can't into landing rocket on platform>invents alll new kind of auto fire
What?
The cult of personality he recently created around himself is similar, but the markets he's pursuing are completely different.
then he died
>notif (elonMuskInvents) elonMusk != steveJobs;else elonMusk == steveJobs;>using shitty syntax
>revolutionized space travelI can assure you that anything SpaceX "revolutionized," like Apple, would eventually have been done by someone else.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Private_spaceflight_companies
Elon Musk needs to dress in Comme des Garçons garbs in order to appeal to hipsters.
There's at least one.
Not quite yet.  He only invented the electric car, the rocket and ripping off ebay sellers so far, while Jobs invented the computer, the GUI, the music player, the smartphone, and the tablet computer.  Give him some time.
What matters is that unlike many CEOs, musk is trying to advance our species instead of just profiteering.  While other companies are okay with fucking up the planet because they won't be alive for the bad shit, he's trying to push us forward.
Dunno, but that Tesla p85d seems interesting.
Just another rich guy selling a premium product to the 1%.When Tesla Motors makes a sub-$20K electric car that the average person can afford, then I'll care.
>hueheheueheue
>sub-$20K carA Honda Civic is $20K after taxes.
>A Honda Civic is $20K after taxes.Great, specifically pick a car that is over $20K.You know there are plenty of cars that are under $20K, right?
But, who actually wants to drive a Hyundai Accent?
>Steve JobsCut throat businessman who stole everything he could to get ahead>told people they wanted his thing>Elon MuskDetermined engineer who dosen't accept second best from anyone and always demands more>built something humanity needs
No, he's the "idea's guy" that knows what he's talking about a bit but has no idea how to implement it.That's where his monke... I mean employees come in.
They are invaders after all.
Hyundai Accent isn't a bad commuter car at all.  I test drove it when I was in the market, and it was probably 3rd.  The only real problem was a still gearbox and a tiny rear window.  Tested both the Honda Civic and Fit and was pretty disappointed in both.  Ended up getting a Ford Focus hatch for $19k all told.
You could just get a used Nissan Leaf.
He knows more about implementation than you guys are giving him credit for. Obviously he relies on thousands of employees to get shit done like any large organization but the dude really knows his stuff. Back when our headcount was only a few hundred he still personally reviewed, sometimes even interviewed, all applicants. He's also much more involved in general low level meetings than most of you suspect.
I didn't say being an idea's guy is a bad thing. As long as you know it's possible.If I had money and his charisma I could see myself doing the same fucking shit in other field. Just hire a bunch of monkeys to build my designs.But then again I have an engineering degree.
I got a mazda 3 2015 for 18k after taxes, and I get 50mpg.
Nobody spends their days making threads, websites, and graphics comparing Musk to their idol of convenience in an attempt to dispaage him. So, no.
>mazdaEnjoy your wheel well rusting.
Another retard who doesn't understand scaling in manufacturing. Guess what genius, new products/technologies don't start out trying to take on the bottom rung of the market. They go for the higher margin more price insensitive consumer to cover R&D and capital expenses so you can get you costs down and eventually release a mass market product. The last thread was filled with a bunch of neckbeards who somehow all developed an allergy to hard work and now this one will be filled with poors complaining about new tech being unaffordable to them.
Pretty sure at some point in history the majority of Africans living in those countries displaced some other group of Africans.
he builds electric cars and that makes him like Steve jobs? I dont get it
>he sells electric cars and that makes him like Steve jobsFTFY
>==
>Another retard who doesn't understand Elon Musk's tactics and missionHe has stated, numerous times, he provides a premium product and Tesla Motors will not make lower-value cars.He makes and sells a premium product for the 1%
AppleNeXT
I'd like some sources on that. From what I've read Tesla has no problem releasing lower priced cars once they become economically feasible for them.>He makes and sells a premium product for the 1%$80k-$100k cars being for the 1%. You must be one of those retards who thinks mid level engineers, software devs, and doctors are also part of the 1%.
This post gave me a fucking boner.  Nice to see someone step outside their personal bubbles on /g/ and acknowledge when someone is doing good in the world.
> survived white genocide> whiteI can see how that made you think he was being called black.
He hasn't released any singles at all.  There's no word on when his album is doing, either.
I want to Elon's Musk
>I'd like some sources on that.Too lazy to google, Huh?
>The strategy of Tesla is to enter at the high end of the market, where customers are prepared to pay a premium, and then drive down market as fast as possible to higher unit volume and lower prices with each successive model.Direct from the horses mouth. http://www.teslamotors.com/blog/secret-tesla-motors-master-plan-just-between-you-and-me
>horses*horse's
Steve Jobs knew how to run a profitable business.Tesla lost $154 million this past quarter (http://fortune.com/2015/05/06/tesla-revenue-losses/). Apple's one of the most profitable businesses on Earth.The one thing Elon Musk does is hype up shit beyond belief and never deliver anything. Steve Jobs hyped up computers and phones and delivered upon his promises relatively well.
Speaking of scaling and manufacturing, the next generation BMW Z4 and Yoyota Supra will share the same scalable platform which will be a collaborative effort. The Supra will be larger than the Z4.
Because they're building the largest battery factory on earth. Output of lithium ion batteries will surpass all other manufacterers combined.
ThisApple just hoards their money, never doing anything with it.

>punishing customers for buying product
Power لُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ 冗What am I doing wrong?  I can't get this text to work.  I'm trying to crash my mom's phone
Bump
it already got softpatched, you missed your chance man
That's not the correct text, make sure you've copied it correctly with line breaks
>appleshits will find every excuse to verify their sense of superiority>IT'S JUST ONE TEXT FUCK OFF IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER THAT SOMEONE CAN RENDER MY PHONE COMPLETELY UNUSABLE
60% of Android phones are still vulnerable to Heartbleed. Go fuck yourself and enjoy that shitdroid device you call a phone.
Found the applefagWas your toy rendered useless by a text?As for heartbleed, don't buy budget androids and you'll be fine.
Thanks for providing proof :^)
did you buy that fact at an apple®© store?
When?  My brother in law said his friend had been doing it to him all day
If I read and understand this, will I get a job?
You would have to find someone that cares
No, because things barely ever work like described in the manual. Also, no experience with the system in general.There are also 3 or so certificates for Red Hat Distributions, you should consider them. They cost a pretty penny, though.
>no experience with the system in generalWhat do I need to know to get a system admin job?
That thoroughly depends on what the company you will work for demands you to do.I work with Hypervisors (XenServer and ESXi), Storage Virtualization, Mail Servers, UTMs / Firewalls, Monitoring Systems (Nagios).. it's quite a few things, yet only a very, very small subset of possible things that could await you.I started learning by simply installing some linux distribution on my notebook and started doing daily tasks. After a while you want to get to know more, use the console / terminal.. and it just kinda goes from there.
Nagios sucks though. Zabbix ftw
I know it's convoluted as fuck. But only a few clients use it in small scale environments so its managable. On one of those days i'll have a look at the other monitoring solutions, but as long as i know that things won't change.. meh.
Not OP, but I want to be a sysadmin as well. Just installed Ubuntu the other day. Can you provide some examples of daily tasks for me to try? (unless there's just a list somewhere like that /dpt/ roll pic).
you won't understand it unless you got sysadmin job on the way.
I finished college with a diploma in Computer Networking and Administration and Computer systems and technical support
>Using RHEL 7.Most companies are on RHEL 5 and 6 still and 7 is significantly different.Theres a lot in there that you won't do / will do thats not in the manual.  I am a UNIX / Linux system admin;  got the job before I knew much of anything about red hat and linux system administration at all.>Just apply
No. Not any more than someone with no actual documentable paid experience who runs out and gets an MCSE is going to be offered an IT job more complicated than delivering computers to someone's desk.
>TFW you just wanna maintain Debian systems for a job>TFW only places that use debain are typically EU based and not north American
Sup /g/? So my dad's been a radio show host for a couple years and now he wants to start an online live radio service and probably do some podcasts. He has tasked me to find him a mixer and microphone combo to start with. The budget is around 150 ameribucks...What does /g/ recommend? Also audio generals I guess
Baaamp
He seriously has no idea what to use? That's odd.The best mic would be a Shure SM7B. Is he looking to have a co-host, guests, or anything? If it's just him, he'll only need one input. If he's looking to have more people on the show, they'll each need a mic and an input on the board/interface.The Behringer Xenyx mixers work fine and offer all he'll need to get started. He just needs to make sure he picks one that has enough mic preamps and mics to cover any guests.An outboard comp/limiter on the main bus would be ideal but isn't absolutely necessary.
here's a link to the single-input xenyx.http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/783611-REG/Behringer_302USB_XENYX_302USB_5_Input_Compact.html
And a Moto e on Total Wireless unlimited talk and text for $25, with a one time charge of $10 for 1.5gbs of data to sync emails, calenders,  Google voice (unused data rolls over) YOU LITERALLY CANNOT.
>Two phones
2 more than you,  pleb
> installs google chrome to see why everyone, including so-called "advanced users", are using it these days> can't even set new tab to be blank without installing third-party extensions> uninstalls it
>thinking your opinion is so important that you need to make a thread for it FUCKOFF
nice try google shill
>doesn't know about:blank
Now go and try to set NEW TABS to show about:blank, idiot.
Holy shit are you retarded.
?
>Doesn't how how to set new tab to blank>'This shit sucks'>what is GoogleNigga I don't even
Is there a reason why Chrome constantly is a source of causing video drivers to crash or cause random black screens when watching youtube videos
OP is a fucking idiotAlmost as stupid as the people who willingly install the botnet onto their computers
>all these pathetic chrome users trying to defend their inferior shit taste
>has only one Chrome tab open>MUH FURRYFOX LEEJIN IS BEING OPPRESSED
Is chromium good?
>he thinks im talking about OP
/g/ is trying so hard to hate on Chrome without realizing they're being blithering idiots in doing such.
so google...>watches what you're downloading>updates flash without your permission>finishes urls for you (convenient)>knows your search historyis that all? am I missing something? why should I care about this "botnet"? are you guys all just tinfoil hat freaks? I'm not getting paid for this post btw
Firefox and IE give you most control in terms of the new tab page (what opens). Chrome makes it easy enough with extensions, but unless you're willing to put them on the store ($5 fee), you have to run them in developer mode, which puts an annoying notification in the top-right every time you launch your browser.Firefox supreme; it's a shame IE can't render websites for fucking shit.
>collects pretty much everything you do on any website which could be easily retraced to youBut who cares about privacy? Nothing to hide, right m8s?
yeah, where I surf and what I download could be retraced to me. who fucking cares?
>can't make it look not shitMost important one
A few days ago a lightning strike blew one of my surge protectors and fried my modem.My connection is 300mbps, so I bought a new modem that supports up to 340mbps.  However after getting it all set up and doing a speed test it is WAY WAY slower.  Did I get the wrong modem?
I find it difficult to believe that your ISP's RADIUS server bumped your connection throughput due to a lightning strike. Also, when changing to the new modem, you would have to register then new MAC address with the ISP in which case IF there was a discrepancy with the account, they might have caught it and corrected it.
I don't understand what you mean?My connection was never bumped due to lightning, the lightning broke my old modem because of a power surge, so I bought I new one that should be fast enough for my connection but my connection is slower than it was on the old modem.I did register it with my ISP, just making sure i didn't bottleneck myself with a bonehead purchase.
probably the wrong DOCSIS standard
That modem is god tier, I remember hacking the firmware and getting sick speeds on cable like 10 years ago
Lighting strike tells me it might be something else. Like a fried cable connection fucking with the signal to noise ratio. Bad SNR would slow speeds. The issue might not even be in the house.
if you got pic related, that's a docsis2 modem
I grabbed a netgear cm400 it's DOCSIS 3.0I hadn't considered the cable line itself being damaged.
If it's cable call them up & tell them the whole thing. Free for them to come out. FIOS is another matter.
yep. call your ISP and tell them what's up. I'm betting that lighting strike damaged more than just your cable modem.
i have CM Storm Xornet and it's fine, but it's time to upgrade.Since i'm ordering online i can't "feel" the mouse so which one is best for a large right hand with fingertip/claw grip for FPS gaming? The xornet feels nice. Also, mouse has to have low LOD and be durable, i usually break the cable and buttons pretty fast.  I'm thinking about Cooler Master Storm ReconRazer Deathadder  2013Steelseries RivalZowie AMZowie FKZowie EC1 eVoZowie EC1-A Mionix Naos 3200Roccat Kova+Roccat Savu
so... no one on /g/ has any experience with any of these?
i've got my fk2 few days ago, the shape is god tier and the lod is low, compared to my old deathadder 3.5G it's almost non existent. i can't really speak about durability but build quality seems pretty solid. it's rather small though, but there's a larger fk1 which might be better for you
i think i'll go for the Corsair Raptor M45, but i'm a bit scared that Logical Increments guide doesn't even mention it.
Wait for the new Xornet to come out (in a few months). If you're actually a finger/claw guy, you'll be pissed off at any of these other mice except maybe the Zowie. (They will all hit your palm, killing mobility your claw/finger grip).Mice are shit these days unless you're palming like a retard.
The one you have in the picture (Xornet CM Storm) is my current mouse and I've tried the MX518 and the G500sSo fucking cheap yet so fucking good, righty with claw grip here, medium hands but unless you're bear mode its awesomeIt's the only one I've tried so I can vouch for it, the others I have no idea, DeathAdder is palm AFAIK and Zowie are expensiveasfuck
I also have xornetits a decent mouse if you are fingertip/clawfeels kinda cheap but it is cheapI am not quite sure if I will be able to go to a mouse which does not have pinky rest
I use the G502 Proteus Core.I sort of miss the feel of the MX500 MX510 MX518 and G400 I had. But apart from the case, it's an amzing mouse, especially for FPS.The sensor isn't a muh-dpi-sensor, but the most precise thing ever. Not a bit of angle snapping, overshooting or anything of that sort. The cord is braided and for once the connection from cable to mouse is actually good. Also the thumb-rest is really good.The lights are a little rice, but you can disable them.Would buy again.
Also best wheel I've ever seen.The infinity scroll is amazing, it literally won't stop scrolling on it's own when unlocked, unlike the previous versions of it. It's surprisingly handy sometimes.
The G502 Proteus Core is a bit pricey at EUR 62, but i guess it's worth it.The Xornets wire broke at the point where it connects to the mouse, now it gets "unpluged" quite often, this seems to be a problem with storm xornet.
reminder that you can't double click on an image in the windows 7 image viewer to see it fullscreen
Thanks.....
What is the best way for multiple (1,000) clients to retrieve small amounts of data <20bytes from a single server?Would having each client download a file with the data cause lots of congestion? What's a better way?
broadcast
bittorrent
Multiple nodes
Use raw TCP. None of that HTTP bloat.If it's the same data for everyone, you could use something similar to bittorrent.
How would raw tcp compare with downloading a file 'hosted' by apache? explainbittorrent isnt an option
A file?Just share the folder. Even if they all download simultaneously, it's only 20K per second max.Raw data, use a tcp socket. Super simple in any language.
udp multicast
Would multiple clients (1000) connecting to the same port cause lag or congestion? Server has a 1gbps uplink and uses an i7-3770
Not noticeably.Each client connecting to a port gets a socket, of which there are tens of thousands available. In any event, thevsocket is reusable when the client disconnects.Just make sure each client connection gets its own thread.If you want to drop an email, I'll send you Java code to do this tomorrow.
Isn't java slow? Would python or php be better?ta246813579@gmx.com
It's fast enough, I think.I'll send it tomorrow.Is the data being sent static, or does it change with time?I'll make it load the data from a text file, andcrefresh from the same file every 60 seconds?
Yeah, it loads from a file every x seconds.Much appreciated :)
TCP is bloat.
How frequently are the client checking for updates?Given the specs in  your box won't even notice if you just serve it as a file out of apache.Unless you've got some serious latency requirements this is not going to be your bottleneck and you should be looking at fixing other issues first.

Newegg hate thread>buy EVGA graphics card from jewegg>makes an annoying fucking whining/resonating noise>turns out it's a problem with most cards of this model>go to return it to newegg>"VGA REPLACEMENT ONLY POLICY">wtf?>call newegg>eventually convince hispanic woman to let me return it on the condition that I buy an asus model from them instead>buy asus model and send evga back>...>1 week later, no refunded money>call them again>they "never got it">UPS shows it was delivered successfully>different hispanic woman thinks someone must have stolen it (lmao)>eventually get a refund after threatening to call bankMeanwhile on amazon>buy thing, cringe at sales tax>it sucks>...>return it
nice blog post
Why didn't you just contact EVGA directly?
OP is a kike lol
because the problem was something that all cards of that model had... and i didn't want to wait a month with no gpu...
>the only time i do a clean install of my OS is when a new version of windows is released>Win10 will be their last major release>too lazy to ever install a fresh OS againwat do?
install gentoo
>Win10 will be their last major releasereally?
They said everything after that will be delivered via free updates, like android and ios.
seems like you have been under a rock.
how will they make money?
install gentoo
How can windows 10 be last version to be released?
serious question, why wouldn't you install gentoo?
NSA gifts and Windows store i assume
>free updatesI thought you had to pay a subscription for updates after the first year. Did they change that?
I don't keep up with wangblows news
Instalation and setting up process is too complicated
They said it will be like Google Chrome where there aren't really huge numbered updates.
Who is this Google Chrome?
no, if they announced that people would be pissed and there would be a thread on /g/ making fun of it
¯\_(ツ)_/¯Windows store, new comers to windows, ads, and devices prolly.They cleared it up that if you already have windows 7/8 you get to upgrade for free within the first year of its release. And like windows, once you have it, you keep it so long as you have the key.Otherwise you'll have to pay to get it/ upgrade.
Cloud services and storage
office
What if I want to do clean install? Am I going to have to buy it?
It will be "windows as a service" you wogs. Meaning a subscription based service kind of like RHEL is nowadays
Video games are the only thing keeping me on windows
Our IT department got word this week that they'll move all EU operations to India in the next 6 to 12 months.Have you ever had to cope with this kind of shit?What did you do?Wait to get fired, or leave on your own?
>Wait to get fired, or leave on your own?You're literally fucking retarded
Nuke india
Happened to me now i get neetbux Parents house is paid off so extra income  and don't feel oike getting off my ass anymore
>You're literally fucking retardedthere's a clear advantage from looking while still being employed, rather than looking desperatly once you get told to gtfo
Don't be made at India.Be made at the bean counting fuck who decided curry niggers where better cause cheaper.Murder your way up that corporate ladder. Be a hero.They stop pulling that shit right away.
Worry about the sheckle in 2015
We need to fund Pakistan to nuke India. There's way too many of them ugly Indians, 1.25 billion. Now one of them took over Microsoft and all we get is mobile apps and cloud.
If you live in a country were they have to pay you when you get fired, wait for getting fired.
>implying pakis are better
Yes and it sucks, but at least you got advance notice. I would look for something else, update your resume and projects, get some references and reference letters, then after you're laid off, collect unemployment if you haven't found anything else.I almost went through this. I got hired on to do tech customer support for a company and a year later they moved all of their tech support to India and Philippines.
>implying what we got from MS in the ballmer era  was any better.
>tfw slav>tfw not a single indian has the brain power to learn slav>tfw vision of having call centre outsourced to india is very blurryI remember one time when i called MS over pirate windows installation and he gave me a legit activation key for free, lyl. We slavs gotta keep togetherWhite man ain't gon keep a good slav down.
Who is this literal semen demon?
Get everyone to quit at the exact same time in a month or two and make sure you leave it a complete mess. Then they'll either have to expedite training the sand niggers or bring in a group of temp workers stupid enough to do the job.
>mfw people think Indians are to blame because their job can be done by someone for 1/10 the wageJust wait for the shit storm when millions of Americans who make a living driving, are out of work because of self driving cars.
>mfw the capitalist system will fall apart in the near future and no one will be ready for it
I work in a service desk that deals with employees that HAVE to call in the U.S. because of the sensitive medical data they work with, feels good they can't fuck us over and move everything to some shit stain country in India or South America.
Why did itanium fail?
x86
overpriced shit
Because of Feminism.
Because it proved to be nearly impossible to write an effective complier for it or so Wikipedia says. I think its because power and SPARC were just to well developed and with how widespread x86 is there was just no more room.
no bc
>No native support for x86>Difficult support for compiler updates>High promises, low results>Mediocre performance>x86_64 was extremely successfulWhat's funny is my dad was an architect who worked on Itanium, and he's completely in denial that it fucked up.
The bigger question is why didn't intel go down with it or at least, why isn't AMD where Intel is currently.
>Why did itanium fail?amd64 architecture>why didn't intel go down with itCore>why isn't AMD where Intel is currently.Sold all their fabs to buy ATIAny other questions?
Well, AMD still had their fabs when Itanium happened, didn't it? Why didn't Prescott hurt Intel as much as the first Phenoms did with AMD?
What does he think went wrong then?
must be society
Why did they want to acquire ati at that time?
Pretty much. His argument was that it was ahead of its time or some shit.He got a severance pay from Intel post-9/11 because of security concerns (he's native born Iranian). He laughed his way to the bank when Netburst came out.
Doesn't Intel still design and sell Itanium CPUs?
Design?No, but they still make and sell them because HP pays them to.Anyway, I think Itanium was highly successful for Intel in the end, this is way before /g/'s time. Why?Consider the high end CPU market before Intel:PA-RISC, DEC Alpha, MIPS, POWER, SPARC.Itanium killed off PA-RISC, Alpha and MIPS as HP, Compaq and SGI all drank the Itanium koolaid.In the long run, the fact that 3 competing archs were wiped out helped boost Xeon sales after Nehalem where Intel started a real push in to the high end segment with more Itanium RAS features being put in to the E7 Xeons.
I know one old dude who worked on some old sinclair shit and once when I mentioned how powerful todays computers are he started going on about how good sinclair is (present time)
Because it was proprietary shit, they should've made it FOSS.
When was the last time sinclair was relevant?
x86_64 was extremely successfulAlso>muh GHz P4 fuckeryAt the same time as>asking $1000+ for a ~800MHz CPU
IBM is working on itanium with HP and Intel and other vendors. Its not as much of a failure as you think it is
>x86_64 was extremely successfulbut did not performed as good
Fuck Itanium, everybody know Transmeta is where its at. Even Netcraft confirmed it.
aliends and plus it hit a rock
>Intel was about to make the biggest progress in computing with Itanium>AMD jews just made weak "x86 compatible" x86-64, dragging technology to the holeBravo
>AMD>jewnotsureifserious.ape
wait...We're still on x86 because AMD happened !?(Yes, I'm a youngfag)
Yeah kinda. What he means is that we went to x86-64 instead of IA-64. Intel first started focusing on high end data processing applications, but the intention was that over time it would become cheaper and would make it's way into desktops, but before that could happen amd whipped up x86-64 (aka amd64) which everyone was happy to jump over to. I don't think it's fair to completely blame amd. Blame the pc manufacturers and customers who wanted 64bit without sacrificing support for 32bit x86. As a consumer, what would you have wanted? Giant changes are annoying.
>Giant changes are annoying.Yes, but they are necessary.
It's not like we'd be better off platform-locked to an Intel-exclusive architecture anyway.Also; I don't think that Intel had any plans to move the consumer market to ia64 anyway.
SJWs.
Intel tried that 4 times: iAPX 432, i860, i960, then Itanium.The iAPX 432 wasn't the only thing like that. There were more 70's/80's "CPUs of the future" with similar concepts (hardware GC and tagged memory) but Intel's was the closest to becoming mainstream.
Is the Sapphire r9 290 tri-x oc good? I plan to play at 2560x1080 ultrawide. I will be playing arma 3, gta 5 sweetfx, stuff like that. I also have an i5 4690k
Aim for a 290x
I have one and am getting gr8 fps on Witcher 3, however the middle fan occassionally rattles which is kind of annoying but it's not too loud. Solid 8/10 card considering i got it for $250 new
what settings?
all max except for shadows on high, foliage distance at high, hairworks off (obviously), 45-60fps mostly, drops to 45 in big cities with loads of NPCs though.
this is before any witcher 3 optimized drivers release, by the way. I can only expect improvements with new drivers coming shortly.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_lhqg_p21kI'm confused now, on the one hand you hear that there are almost no Linux viruses in the wild and that Linux is not infected by Windows viruses. Now I saw a video called Mythbusting Linux from Matthew Moore a guy who develops a Manjaro respin and seems like somebody who knows what he's talking about. He says he has a virus on his Linux machine which harms his system or influences his software and points to an .exe file which obviously is a Windows executable. So is his computer really affected by a Virus?
No. Stop shitposting this shit
Of course there are some viruses for linux, but there are much much less than osx or windows. The other reason why linux users do not get viruses is because of package managers and git, and generally being less technology retarded.
There ia no suxh thing as a virus proof machine l
>a guy who develops a Manjaro respin and seems like somebody who knows what he's talking aboutHe doesn't develop shit and he doesn't know what he's talking about but Manjaro should've tipped you off on that part.
I was a bit paranoid about viruses coming from windows as a linx noob. I followed a symantec security website for a while. They often listed things which supposedly effected windows and linux. Invariably, it came down to 2 scenarios when you read the article in depth. 1. A virus infects thousands of windows machines creating a botnet that attacks linux servers. Therefore effecting windows and linux.2. Somebody writes a proof of concept exploit on an already patched linux vulnerability.MS isn't  the only outfit spreading FUD.  Antivirus venders know which side their bread is nuttered on.The only authentic case of a linux virus I heard of is on a single server that had something like 4 years of unpatched uptime.
nuttered lol buttered
>you can't take out a hdd and put it in another computer and boot from itSuck it, Moore. I just did exactly this on this very morning. And guess what? Of course it worked! Why wouldn't it?Why is that douche so smug about what he does? He reminds me so much of that graph which shows a curve showing relation between knowledge about a certain topic and willingness to discuss said topic. He's somewhere at the very start: no knowledge, very willing to discuss.Fuck.
No, but of note is that Linux has had alot of security vulnerabilities and subsequent exploits made available in recent months.  They get patched pretty quick though.  This is a problem with Windows, because an update might not come out for awhile.  Windows 10 is supposed to fix that though.
The first Linux virus was created months after the first W95 virus.There are polymorphic viruses that can infect both.Now get the fuck out.
>paid microsoft GNU/Linux fud trolls linking to paid microsoft gnu/linux fud trollsREPORTDO NOT REPLY
>dll>exeaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy lmaooooo
he's correct, but his proof is completely full of shit
It usually fucks up for Windows, if transferring to another mainboard.
Link to graph please
Living with a fear of getting a computer virus is stupid as shit. Even taking action to prevent a virus is probably going too far.
It's like he wanted to lose any credibility he may have had.I refuse to believe someone could be this retarded without trying.I mean, has this Moore faggot ever heard of an external drive?How many millions of people have been doing what he says isn't possible, for decades?
I think anon was reffering to the dunning-kruger effect
What happens when you run a windows virus in wine?
please, spamming this video. This guy is a retard.
This.Yeah, but he was talking about how it is not possible to boot from your harddrive when you plug it into a different PC. If he argues about specifics, he should be more specific.
I'd imagine it would be like running a virus in sandboxie. Once it closes down and reopens it would be gone.
Just a simple question OP. How can a .exe and .dll can infect and do something on gnu/linux ? How did he manage to get them on his computer ?
I had some type of low grade tracking cookies or homepage hijacker (i forget) once that clamav detected and removed it. Running Internet Explorer in wine. There's a few virus scanners that are made for running on linux mail servers to keep windows clients safe. But they also can do the wine thing too.
When you use wine, it creates ~/.wine/drive_c/ The virus would be there, maybe it will fuck up the other programs that you run with wine, but nothing important to your system. But I would really appreciate an answer from someone with more knowledge that me about wine.
he's just retarded.Windows executables can not infect linux.You might as well upload a 5000+ virus directory, and claim you got 5000+ viruses in one hour, by that logic.
>comments disabled>he had to do another videos explaining his mythbusting because people was proving him how he was wrongAnd just for you to know, the second video was shit like this one. He was trying to justify the first video, but just it just showed how stupid he is.
yeswhen i derped "the wine thing"I should have said "can scan your wine folder".
>disabled comments and likes/dislikesFuck this guy.
fuck this guy indeed
https://blogs.mcafee.com/mcafee-labs/meet-tox-ransomware-for-the-rest-of-usWhy are you still using a botnet, /g/?
Hey I don't think this is the same software
OP that's completely unrelated to the IM client. I did want to ask if anyone knows if your tox profile is permanently jacked up if you try to log in from 2 clients at the same time. Anyone know how to fix this? It keeps logging me out and on again, even after waiting several hours with it closed.
Hello /g/I'm learning Java at the moment and i was wondering if you guys know where i can find small projects or problems related to OOP
/r/dailyprogrammer
project euler. not kidding
in some oop book?http://it-ebooks.info/search/?q=object&type=titlealso next time post in the /dpt/ or in the stupid questions thread, find them in the catalog
code eval
>cortana source code leaks>new digital slave waifu experienceIt would be the best day of my life
>being this oblivious as to how current consumer-grade AI worksplease go back to >/v/
>cortana source code leaks>source code is 2kb>turns out it's just microsoft sam with find() and some funny quotesactual MS fanboy here, but I don't think cortana is very complex
>2kbhahaha like microsoft would make anything that isn't bloated
I am talking about the source code of cortana thereof course it is linked with bing to find shitty news 24/7 and show me clickbait shit on foxnews
My god she is so ugly in halo 4. Who thought the nigger lips and nose was a good idea?
tipping my fedora to you

Looking for an IPS 23-27 inch monitor under $200. Must have:+ VESA mount+ At least 1 HDMI+ Low-ish response time (also use it for my Xbone)Help me /g/. I don't wanna fuck up and buy some shit tier monitor that will have awful color accuracy and dead pixels in a month.
I know shit about monitors so no rec to give but should I buy pic related for 20$?
> $20Sure
Let's be realistic...Looking for a 27" 1440 resolution IPS under $500.Any recommendations?
>xboneGo fuck yourself.
Are the OLED 4k freesync or g-sync, 120hz+, 27"+ with less than 15ms input lag monitors yet?I would pay $500 at most for such a beaut.
god tier - generic brand korean panels ordered directKing tier - LG, Samsung, asusDecent tier - dell, hp, benq, aocShit tier - acer, sharp, insignia, element
How 2 into god tier?
>King Tier>asus
where should it be then? I'm running triple monitor setup with Asus monitors
Decent tierDell Ultrasharps should have their own tier between King and God
This is retarded, different manufacturers use the same panels
what about philips?
Go onto ebay and buy them. I recently ordered a Crossover "SAKWA"http://www.ebay.com/itm/CrossOver-27SAKWA-27QW-Upgrade-LED-2560x1440-QHD-LG-AH-IPS-Computer-Monitor-/321692890726?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item4ae663f666Dual-DVI only means no scaler, so less input lag. Brightness is a little lower than I'm used to. The panel is also matte, but there's this thick pretty glossy plastic over the screen. Not as bad as a straight glossy monitor, but a bit annoying.Bought this to replace my PCBank 2700 (one of the early Korean monitors). The power supply went on that one and took out the monitor after ~4 years. I had a Squaretrade deal though and they refunded 100% the price.Didn't have a problem with either, until, you know, the first one broke. I should've known, because the monitor started going on-off-on-off ~3 months before everything went to shit. Even though it broke, the panel is standard and should've still been working, so I would've tried switching it with a monitor that had a cracked screen.You literally could not have done any searching huh you retarded child? THEY'RE ALL OVER FUCKING AMAZON AND SHIT
You can get a Qnix Evolution II glossy 1440p monitor from Amazon itself for $299 atm, and I got one myself, and the screen is beautiful.  It uses Samsung's PLS display found on $500+ displays.  But seriously, buy it from Amazon, in case it has a flaw, or defect so you can have a hassle free RMA.  i bought another Qnix model on NewEgg from one of the major Korean companies that ships the monitor out which had a flaw on the display, and was only able to get a partial refund of 1/3 of the price.
pretty much this.
I'm not familiar with foreign panels, but the listing you linked states that with a perfect pixel screen upwards of two dead pixels may be present. However, is that a separate listing? The ebay post itself states it's new and unopened and it continues that it's opened and tested.Am I just reading a bunch of translation errors?I'll look into that one now, thanks.
And seriously, if you make your choice on a Korean monitor, and that same model is handled and shipped by Amazon itself, buy it from Amazon so you actually can RMA the thing if need be.
It seems there are "multiple" versions. Mind linking the specific one?
What's a good, and not that expensive, IPS screen when I don't care about response time?
The Asus that is on the front page of Slickdeals right now
>HDMI>/out/
http://www.amazon.com/Perfect-QNIX-Evolution-2560x1440-Monitor/dp/B00TPGCAAS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1432837007&sr=8-1&keywords=qnixThis is the one I'm using, it's pretty glossy, which I don't really mind.  I however do have one stuck blue pixel, which I have to shove my face to the screen on a solid black color to find, and very little light bleed.  (Not so pixel perfect eh, I believe most models qualify 2 stuck pixels in the same zone, or bright pixels as non perfect pixels, just for warning.)
And also***  Dual DVI only on this model, no hdmi, no display port, just a single dual DVI.Also, this thread: http://www.overclock.net/t/1384767/official-the-qnix-x-star-1440p-monitor-club will tell you almost everyrhing you will need to know if you want to further look into it.
Thanks m8
Actually, it's an HDMI-In.
No problem, good luck on what ever it is you can find/want, but 1440p is sweet.  Hopefully I don't see a 2160p display anytime soon to ruin it.(pic related to show how the glossy version doubles as a mirror in a brighter room.)
Lot of bad recommendations for what OP wants here. Korean monitors are great if you go single input, but all of the multi-input models(with the HDMI connection and scaler needed to be used with an Xbox) use out dated scalers with a frame and a half to two frames of input lag. That's a lot and something you will feel when playing games.If you need a 1440p IPS compatible with consoles and want low display lag, your options are actually pretty limited. The new version of the Asus PB278Q uses a good scaler and is delay free, but there's no way to tell which version you're getting if you order it online. I'm pretty sure the 25 inch Dell that get's mentioned here a lot is delay free as well, but I would check that just to be sure.
Also, check out this link. This dude is autistic as fuck, but he's the only English speaking person to review this many of the Korean monitors. Can see what I'm talking about with the input lag issue there. http://wecravegamestoo.com/forums/monitor-reviews-discussion/15027-best-27-2560x1440p-monitors-ahva-ips-pls.htmlThere's some other options to consider listed there too.
little offtopic but i have been considering one of those super-wide monitors... but i dont know if i want to play >muh games with the kind of viewing angle necessary for them. - and letterboxing seems like a waste.anyone have experience with them and using 16:9 content or gaymes?
I wanna buy another 50'' screen for my PC to work with a dualscreen setup. The thing is, shall I get another 1080p one or a 4k one? I think that buying a 4k one would make the first 1080p one look like shit.On the other hand, having a 4k one would be pretty awesome.Also the distance between me and the screen(s then) is about 2.5 - 3m.
So is this a shit tier monitor?http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16824009769
> under $200. why even buy a monitor if your going to cheap out
Any suggestions for 144hz ish 1440p ?
I say go with the 4k one if you can afford it.  No point on have another low ppi screen, and you will have more resolution space to work with, then phase out the other screen later.  No point in having to replace 2 1080p screens later on right?
Yeah, guess so. Money ain't a problem so I guess I can throw out another 500 bucks for the 4k one.
I would look into the BenQ if you don't want IPS. Acer has super shitty quality control(just look at the issues with the xb270hu) and Asus really isn't much better. Avoid the Swift at all costs. If you do want IPS, the XB270hu is your only option and it's probably the best high refresh monitor available right now, but be prepared to play the panel lottery to get one without dead pixels.
/MKG/Thinking about getting this because it's only $90 on Amazon. What does /g/ think of it, or any reccomendations?
>old meme boardJust get a Ducky Shine 4, superior in every way.
I have it.It's a good keyboard for my  needs (programming and a bit of gaming) but it get really dusty if you don't clean it every two-three days...Also it's a bit big for my desk...
Also why are the browns on it more expensive than the blues?
Yeah the shiny finish isn't too compelling but it looks like a nice board over all
Looking for something >100 shipped, blank keycaps, and maybe tkl. Leds would be nice too
I got this for about 70 bucks on eBayExcept its the red-led only version.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00M5DUOBK/ref=ya_st_dp_summary
Bump
>tfw your keyboard is freaking 24 feet long
Can anyone tell me something about Cherry G80-1814 HED? Deskthority wiki says nothing about them. Also how to find the guide to translate the letters HED? I lost it.
don't get a das, my kb + keycaps costs $85 total, just wait for massdrop to do another quickfire rapid/stealth drop.
So I'm going to be buying switches to replace the switches on my current keyboard.  I'll have 36 switches leftover.  What to do with the extra switches???
They're doing one now but no browns leftI will never understand the appeal of fully-blank keycap setsI can memories modifyers and letter keys but how the hell are you supposed to keep track of all the symbols? And media keys? And Del/Home/ETC
it's the cheapest PBT set available basically. i don't have an opinion on blank vs printed but I don't need to look at the modifiers/symbols to know where they are.
So which do I get? Do the yellows feel nice?
never been a fan of das. or full-size boards for that matter.
how is it different from blacks?
Supposedly the actuation force is about the same but the bottom out force is significantly higher.
How do I get myself a nice cable?
I wouldn't get the yellows for anything other than a spacebar
I'd kind of like that though, I want something really quiet so the fact that it's very difficult to bottom these out would be a plus.
you dont want your fingers getting typed of typing for long periods though. get a different switch and invest in o-rings if you really want to be quieter
But they wouldn't get tired, since the actuation force is the same as blacks.
I wanted to get the corsair k95 so bad, but then I changed the plan to the razor chroma one, even thought the price about the sameReasons: >so many bad feedbacks on Amazon>there's no Corsair retailer in my country, I can imported from the U.S but i'd loose the warranty advantage>on the other hand, razor has a good retailer in my country and they provide 1Y warrantyso tell me /g/, how stupid I'm and y?
>razerRazer is even worse in basically every regard, and uses their shitty knockoff switches. Stay away from them at all costs.
but but muh warranty, but muh reviews about dead LED's...
mine are from pexon.a bit expensive with international shipping, but you can always sleeve your own if you're up to it. i'm not.
>buying RGB ricer keyboards instead of actually getting value for your money
If you're not a dog with no hands you can replace the LEDs. Like the other guys said, Corsair might be less reliable than other boards, but still better than anything that Razer brings up.
can't I have both?
Answer me thisGateron blue switches or brown switches
Is there a website where you can order a keyboard without caps? I Just wanna order caps on the side to make it cheaper
http://www.wasdkeyboards.com/index.php/products/mechanical-keyboard.html
Theyre still so expensive ;_; I guess caps dont cost much to the company
Go fuck yourself with a tiny cactus
You racist motherfucker
Is that a poker 2?
lolpok3r actually

Well, /g/? Do I need to contact Nigerian Security Services?
What's the best smartphone for poorfags? I only intend to use it for a bit of internet browsing and taking a few pics maybe. This will be my first phone so I don't really care about advanced features and stuff atm.Alternatively, smartphone general since there isn't really one right now.
Get an used Moto G
iphone 5s
HTC one m8
those are both like £400 tho... are you trying to troll me
seems reasonable but isn't it likely that the screen will be all fucked up if i buy a used phone? i guess it's probably not a big deal if it is
Cheap windows phones. But look it up if they have the apps you need.
Used HTC Evo 4G. Get a plan on Ting and a 3500mAh battery. Thing lasts for days and will cost you $9 a month if you just use WiFi.
I'm in the UK, so no Ting, and apparently they don't sell HTC Evo 4G in the UK either.Seems like a used Moto G is the best option, can get a 16GB "like new" one on Amazon for £85 which is reasonable
If you don't care about the OS then a BlackBerry Z10 or Q10 may be nice. It's very cheap now. The build quality is extremely good. You'll not feel poor with this one. Con: No USB OTG, lack of app, no root. The BB Z3 is cheap too but the screen is shite.
some nokia lumia
if its your first phone then fuck off underaged poor faganyways, you have 4 options:1) get a phone from a carrier and be locked into a contract. if you do this just get a samsung or iphone2) get a moto e. its the most poorfag smartphone there is3) get a moto g. its like the moto e but a little better4) get a oneplus one. it is a high end phone but sells for half the price of phones with similar specsI recommend the oneplus one because if you take care of it, it will last you much longer. moto g will start to annoy you with its speed after a few months.
That is a bull.t: zoologist
>>I'm in the UK, so no Ting, and apparently they don't sell HTC Evo 4G in the UK either.>Seems like a used Moto G is the best option, can get a 16GB "like new" one on Amazon for £85 which is reasonableBut poorfags don't exist in first works countries, anon
Microsoft Lumia 535
>Tingshits a ripoff. USMobile is cheaper and its literally the same thing.
I want that bull to mount me
Then I have the right phone for you
I think I'm going to get a lumia 640, it's got a good camera and windows 10 could be interesting. And it's only £127 on bt's website.Whatever you get though, buy the phone outright then get a sim only contract.
I'm at I/O and the session is about the "I am not a robot" reCAPTCHA. What questions do you have for them, /g/?
Why is google being jews?
Does nobody at Google know that ribs aren't steaks?
How does the captcha system cache your answer and how long do those packets stay around and When must you forge a new certificate?
Do they know that burgers are not sandwiches and frappuchino is not an ice cream.
When will they stop being anti-mechanical?The "I'm not a robot" phrase is problematic.
>burgers are not sandwichesBut they are
Is the 'Don't be evil' slogan ironic or do they actually believe their insane data hording is for the good of something?
go back to Verge, faggot.
Learn to perceive parody, you 'anti degeneracy' 12 year old
Poe's law. Also applies to you.Even as I joke about it right now, Verge is already panting roots of pro-robot movement, whatever you joke about today, no matter how stupid, might become reality tomorrow.
My neck.
Are people supposed to get a bit aroused when purposefully giving the reCAPTCHA wrong answers?
Why is it ALWAYS food?
Do you eat road signs?
Why does it not instantly recognize me as a human, when I have already solved like 30 captchas [on 4chan] today?
Why are they so faggot?
What is Google's endgame with all the data hoarding?
Not him but the only captchas I've seen in the last two weeks are>select the drinks>select the soups>select the food>select the steaks>select the burgersFucking torturous when you're hungry too.
I don't think I've got a single road sign ever. Maybe they know I'm fat?
Mild lel. OP ask this.
Why don't you provide a setting for the users to switch back to text captchas?
only had it once today as well, rare captcha
Nice quints(?)
OP it's been an hour, any news?
I'd assume because all bots would do this
Why do they ignore keyboard users?When are they going to make the thing work on any screen size?When are they going to fix the dancing captcha bug and the captcha randomly making the page scroll?How do they expect web developers to use their captcha if it's impossible for them to control which type comes up in testing?
>What questions do you have for them, /g/?why is Android M a knockoff of iOS8?why are there so many CURRNIGGERS at Google?why is everyone at Google I/O so fucking obese?
What is that....thing
WHY ARE THEY GETTING US TO DO THEIR MACHINE LEARNING FOR THEMFUCK JEWGLE
explains the food capthcas
>What is that....thingaverage android dev.
>you would never see this at WWDC

why are the ink blot captchas basically unsolvable? If it can't even solved by humans then what's the point?
I installed my cooler master 212 evo like this. did I truly fucked up ? or can I leave it like it is ?
OMG WHAT THE FUCKYOU WILL NEVER RECOVER FROM THIS
>AMDThere's your problem, kid.

not my pic just found one online. I have an intel i7 4790
just put it in normal.. it takes like 2 minutes to move the heat sink lol
And this,  kids,  is how a faggot builds a pc. Moving on...
well if you dont have a dedicated GPU it might be fine. i would just rotate it. its not that hard
I don't see a problem...
how'd you fuck this up faggotseriously niggerhow?
Is it touching the ram?
WHAT.THE.FUCK.NCIX pulled this shit on me this morning. Are you fucking kidding me? No one else does this shit.
they're giving you money and you're complaining?
steam does this shit
Amazon does it. Paypal does it. Lots of services do this and the more you try and hide your information, the more it will happen. Inconvenience is the price of security.
Everyone does this. Deal with it
I've NEVER had that from amazon OR paypal
Close your bank account and jew them out of 2 cents
So how do american credit cards work?Because with my euro-card, this would mean that I would have to wait till I receive my invoice for the credit card. And the period for May is already over.so in order to be able to confirm their mini transactions, I would have to wait another month.And until I do this, I'd rather find another seller, or just drive to MediaMarkt and pay 10€ extra, just for the convinience of having stuff now, instead of in 40 days or something.
Who's everyone? I've never ran into this before.
Thank god I don't buy from them
Yes they do. However NCIX seems to take longer than others.
>what is online bankingI know Germans usually don't use CCs but is it really that fucking backwards?
You'll get your statement at the end of the month, but you can check your current transactions online just like you would using a debit card.
Paypal does this shit to validate bank accounts.All credit and bank accounts have online banking here.Transactions can take 2 days to appear but sometimes it's instant.You could also call if internet is too bleeding edge for you.
I do only banking, but my credit card gets deducted only once per month, so there is this xxx amount of money that goes to 'Creditcard' and a few days later a letter with the details.I guess there are certainly some where you can look at what your card is doing live, but it seems to me like this is the default.
>I do only banking,online, i meant to say.>Transactions can take 2 days to appear but sometimes it's instant.And there's that. Also, it seems like you really cant judge wether it will be instant or two days.
euroniggers have online banking you fucking retardeuronigger here
The delay is because of laws. In the netherlands EVERY transaction has to go through some central agency for verification. They are only functional from monday to friday in office hours (9-5)Every transaction has at least a day delay and if you do it on friday you have to wait till Monday.Some banks fake the instant transaction with internal transactions. they're basically lending the receiving end money and take some away from you. Officially the transaction doesn't happen until the stupid central agency approves it.
You know NCIX has retail stores right? Go to one of those if you can't wait that long
This shit happens all the time. Welcome to modern credit bullshit.
OP here, I'm in Alberta, so there aren't any retail locations in my province.
This type of security is usually when you're trying to link bank accounts and shit, not making a purchase.God damn, what a pain in the ass.
newegg.cadirectcanada.commemoryexpress.comI never use NCIX they are alwasy higher priced and based in Eastern canada.
Pretty sure you can call up and explain the situation and have them look up your recent transactions. Even if the payment hasnt gone through or posted, your credit card company should at least have knowledge that they want to give you a chargeback of x amount of cents.
Paypal did this to me last year when I registered, but I used the ISBN because my CC is inactive.
They're based in BC.
>living in a shit province >2015
Lol Alberta is rich as fuck
They charge you for that amount first
AAHAHAHA OH WOW.Cancel that shit, and take your business to Amazon.
>NDP>rich as fucklololol alberta elected socialists.
you can't CS:GO with a brick of gold faggot
I buy exclusively from NCIX.Glad to know they're vigilant against faud as well.I just pay with online banking.
Oh no, NCIX cares about consumer credit card safety and fraud, so much that they risk causing people to not use their product due to inconvenience! What a terrible company.
PayPal verifies your bank account in that manner.
one fan of the two of my GTX460 is rattling like a motherfucker.I often I can get it to run silent again when I slightly tap the cooler housing of the card from the side.Is there a way to fix it without changing the fan?
lube the bearings
spray a bunch of wd40 into your case untill everything is lubed, it non conductive so it's fine 8/8
>spray a bunch of wd40 into your case untill everything is lubed>WD40>lubeI know this is a funpost but I still believe you don't even know what WD40 actually is
>funpostdude I'm totally serious, my pc is currently running on diesel.
Is it not lubricating oil? Also its oil so shouldnt be conductive and cause any electrical issues?
WD stands for water displacement. it replaces water/moisture but isn't meant to lubricate stuff.that's also why so many bike chains are rusting to shit because people think WD40 will do the job while it actually replaces water AND the actual oil that is left on the chain.
>While the “W-D” in WD-40® stands for Water Displacement, WD-40® Multi-Use Product is a unique, special blend of lubricants. The product’s formulation also contains anti-corrosion agents and ingredients for penetration, water displacement and soil removal.http://wd40.com/cool-stuff/myths-legends-fun-facts
>two of my GTX460how the fuck has that not melted/set your house ablaze??
I had that problem on my 470. I just unplugged the power from the fan that was causing noise. Overheating wasn't an issue.
it is one card that has two fans. and no, my 460 runs really nicely and didn't overheat once. I guess it only was the 480 that really got shit hot.
E B I NBIN

Who uses 1366x768 and isn't afraid to admit it?Honestly it only started to bother me after finding out about /g/.
It bothered me well before then. Can't view a whole a4 page and still be able to read it on such a low res screen. My ancient pentium m laptop with a 1400x1050 res was better.
oh godI was fucking around on a friend's laptop with that res the other day and was surprised anyone can live with that resolution let alone use it as their everyday PC.
My laptop has a 1366x768 screen.God damn business laptops.
yes it annoys the fuck out of me too actually but this laptop is just so fast and I like the keyboard too much.I mean as energy inefficient the 3230m may be it's so much faster than those new ULV processors.
It's usually freetards posting in the desktop threads, they have nothing else to do, can't browse the web or watch good porn, so they have to rice their desktop. Next time you go through the post your desktop thread, look at the screen resolutions, you'll see.Now, I don't blame them though, Linux does seem to work better on smaller resolution screens than Windows. After my last 1366x768 laptop, I vowed never to use that resolution again (it was 5, maybe 6 years ago, and they're still peddling that shit).
mobile phones are 1280x720 minimum nowadays, obviously laptops should've been 1080p by now.
That's nothing. I have to deal with on everyday.It's a good laptop but Jesus Fucking Christ, a 1366 x 768 screen on a Haswell Ultrabook?
>ultrabookAre you sure it's not one of those cheap ass i5-42xxU laptops?
Most phones are actually 1080p
keyword: minimum.
I don't think I've ever actually seen or used an LCD with a higher vertical res than 768. That'd be a nice thing to see sometime, maybe I'll look into getting one of those 1600x1200 screens for my T60 sometime.
My 10 inch laptop uses that resolution, but the screen is the most vibrant and crisp display i've seen in my fucking life, which is pretty funny.
Heh yep.
Me on my laptop, I don't care.>Honestly it only started to bother me after finding out about /g/.you cares to much about what /g/ think
I use it on my Laptop, and I use 720p on my phone.For my computer, no. Because the way I see it, big fucking monitor's better have a good resolution.Tiny fucking phones that aren't any longer than my dick don't need to be 1440p.
the only reason phones went past 720p is because they compete on specs nowadays. Fedoras thinkt hey have a better phone if it has 8 cores, 4gb of ram and an ultra HD screen.
Nope, i7 with the fancy grey sticker.Got it for free from work. I'm not complaining but I have to stare at that god awful resolution for 6 hours a day.
Yeah. That's why I went with the Compact.If they made a 5" phone with like 3000+ mAH like they do now days, but still retain 720p, I'd be okay with that too.However the Z3 Compact is more than enough of a power saver to me. I can play games straight for 6~7 hours and I don't ever spend anymore than 3~4 hours of time where I can't use it (walking, driving, etc.)My laptop is 13" so, not that big.
You hold your phone much closer to your face than laptop screen, that's the reason
i think my graphic card is too overkill
I do. And since I just use a WM it's bearable.But that is going to change in a week or two. waiting for my new X1 3rd gen.
I have to use it on my work computers. Everyone else has nice IPS monitors but I'm an intern so I don't get one :(
i use 1360x768better readability and smoother animations
>768 vertical res>better readabilityPick one and only one.
It started to bother me when people in desktop threads thought I have a laptop.
compared to 1920x1080? yes. the only people who would say different are squinters who sit 2 feet away from their monitors
Your problem is that you conflate dpi/resolution with shitty font scaling.
that isn't a problem on CRT monitors
>2004, time for college>buy laptop>Fujitsu Siemens, 1920x1200>never looked back
>1600x900>1400x1050My first laptop had a 15" screen with 1280x800 and using it now after using these thinkpads feels comical.
You must either be too poor to afford a laptop with a good screen or a retard.
And you're still doing it. Higher resolution and higher dpi makes things more readable, period. Go try and read an a4 page on 1360x768 vs 1920x1080 without scrolling to see what I mean. The only problem is shitty operating systems that still assume a fixed dpi and render shitty sized fonts. Using a CRT won't fix that.
I used a 1366x768 monitor for years. I replaced it with a 1440p monitor about a year ago. I just can't understand why I didn't replace it earlier
My 13" laptop is 1366x768 and it's perfectly fine for the distance I look at it from. 15" notebooks that ship with it are retarded and things look Xbox huge, but on small screens it's not too bad. My desktop monitors have a pretty decent PPI so I do know what I'm missing.
thats the resolution of my watch ;)
I mean I still game at 1400 x 900 so it isn't that much of a step to use that resolution on my thinkpad x220
My $400 laptop I got as temporary replacement after spilling beer on my other one was 1366x768Thankfully my laptop was still under warranty that covered accidents, so I got it repaired for free and I'm back to using it again
laptop and chromebook both run 1366x768 - i honestly wouldnt want a higher resolution in most cases as it can be difficult to engage with really small text and icons on a 13" screen.i run my laptop from my TV 99% of the time now as well, and on the TV from across the room, FHD resolution would be equally as hard to deal with due to tiny text and icons.no need to constantly fuck with it by using zoom in the browser and oversized elements on the OS, 1366x768 just werks (not to mention its the default and native res).sometimes id like a higher res when trying to use multiple windows or programming, but thats the nature of the beast.desktop is FHD since its connected to a 23" monitor and i sit at a much more reasonable distance for the size.
I'm using 1366x768 and I don't even care anymoreThe scaling problems in Windows really piss me off. I was using a friends Photoshop on his 1080p screen and all the buttons are small as shitOnce Windows unviersally fixes its HD scaling issues then I'd switch
1366x768 doesn't bother me really that much, but it's an indicator for other very serious problems with a screen. It's just like a black person is an indicator that he might be a violent ape. I've never seen a 1366x768 screen with decent colors, contrast, or viewing angles at all. They all look like complete shit.
is he getting cucked by a nigger?
blindfag detected
I use 1280x800 on my macbook. It doesn't bother me at all.
I used 1280x800 with really terrible viewing angles even from directly in front for a long time.Got a T530 with 1080p and can never go back to shitty panels.
meI use that res on my laptopit's only 15"I don't care/g/ is retarded and autismic anyways, no one gives a shit as long as the PPI are not too low
my thinkpad x201 is 1280 x 800 and it's fucking awful to work withwish I had a mac
I'd still take 1280x800 over 1366x768
My cheap $250 11in thinkpad has it.Though for being 11in its fine since it matches the screen size. I use it for being super portable so its fine.
>1024000 is more than 1049088
1200x800 master race. Maximum comfy
>768 is greater than 800
>1280 is greater than 1366
>vertical is the same as horizontal
>horizontal is the same as vertical
that's exactly my point, glad you finally agree
>implying 1049089x1 is better than 1366x768Moar pixels don't do much when they're used in a retarded aspect ratio
>implying 1x1049089 is better than 1366x768Moar pixels don't do much when they're used in a retarded aspect ratio.
my next laptop is going to be 1080pi'm extremely tired of using IDEs at this small resolution
you know switching the resolution like that doesn't change the point in that statement
>muh vertical pixels
now you just gave up
I have that resolution on a 13 inch screen and it doesn't botter me that much.
i sold my  x230t half because of the screen resolution and half because i regretted spending $800 on something with an ivy bridge dual core and shitty screennow i have a haswell xps 12 with a 1080p screen that i paid $400 for and i couldn't be happier
I have an Acer laptop, I don't mind it really.Not using it much anymore though.
1024x768 on my x61
Yeah, 15.6''Doesn't bother me though as it's too slow for good video anyway...
i don't, but i do use the only slightly less dastardly 144X900
>1360Man I thought you couldn't get worse than 1366 but here we have it.
Its bad but honestly I don't have a problem with 1600x900
I have 1280x800 on my laptop, doesn't really bother me because i use my desktop when i need a higher resolutionstill $2000 for a macshitbook with that res was a lil crazy
>2 feet away from their monitors'how far would you sit from your monitor?I have a 23 inch 1080p monitor and everything is perfectly readable
I have it on my c720, doesn't bother me a bitI really only use it for web browsing and as an htpc, so I don't really need anything more than 1366x768 (especially on an 11.6" screen)
120fps ultra everygame.
>caring about shit like thathow does it feel to be 15?
Laugh at me, but I use a monitor with resolution on my desktop PC. Mostly because it's the perfect size that can fit under the bookshelf and it was cheap.It really doesn't bother me too much but it really looks stupid, it's especially awful when I play games or do heavy reading, also programming is a huge pain in the ass.
that font ...
what's wrong with it? terminus is by far the best terminal font i know
My thinkpad e540 my work gave me to develop on is 720p. Shit is gay. Only thing I like about this laptop is that it is quite
Fucking laptops. This is pretty much the only thing I don't love about my X220
>1366x768What exactly is wrong with this?
HOW THE FUCK CAN A RESOLUTION BE 'COMFY'FUCK OFF BACK TO REDDIT
I have a 1366*768 IPS screen on my Thinkpad X230. It's not that bad to be honest. I don't sit with my laptop 3 inches from my face so I have no need for ultra high dpi screen.I just use a lower scaling factor in GNOME to have a bit more space. Works for me.What I would love is if they made a 13" X-series.
AUTISMUTISM
My laptop has a 1366x768.I hate it though I am going to replace the panel with one that has a 1080 resolution.
x300/x301
human eyes don't support more than 768p
1 0 2 4 x 7 6 8024x768reporting in
More likex 1 0 2 4768
What is the big deal?  I have 1366x768 on my laptop and it works fine.
on a 13" it isnt much of a problem (specially if its a few years old) but there are 15" and 17" laptops beying released with it (this fucking year)
1366x768 here. I don't mind the res at all for my laptop because I don't use it for gaming or similar, that's what my rig is for. Res doesn't make or break it imo (unless you're talking lower than 1366x768)
1366x768 at 12.5" on my X220 is great, much better than 1280x800 on my X201t.
>1600x900 for 14.1Anyone else?
The hunam eye can't see past 320×200 anyway.
I much prefer 1440x900. It's like the minimum decent resolution.
i use 1024x600 on netbook, it still get the job done
Just connect any fucking monitor
Acer Aspire One?
I use 1360x768                                                                              on a 32" TV
Yeah I know but they have terrible processors and battery life is shit
your post makes no sensepixel density is what you're looking for, not resolutionand the difference between 768p and, say, 1080p on anything over 8" is huge
old thread: If you can't be bothered to:>search it>lurk moar>git gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/small/stupid questions here, ONCE.DO NOT BUMP THE THREAD, You are NOT entitled to an answer.Please read the sticky before posting Redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread, HEREUse >/g/sqt as a link to find the SQT thread
Sup /sqt/ What is a good alternative to Nagios?My Google Fu is failing me
just updated my lg g2 to lollipop. All of a sudden I'm able to get signal in areas where I previously couldn't. This is a good thing, but how is that possible?
This is a real dumb one you guys.SSDs have a expected use life, yes?Is there any difference for the SSD if its running OS or a Game on it? If I play a game, which will be heavier use then a OS, will that shorten the life of the SSD faster?
i am not sure anon, but i suspect an OS might have much more writes than a game.
is there any software that allows you to record a video with an iShit device and see it in real time on a computer?
Windows 10 worth the install yet?
what do you mean real time? wouldn't the recording your watching be in real time?not unless you love testing incomplete software or risking a keylogger.
OS would be more use, but I wouldn't really worry about it unless you're writting 1TB a day or somethinghttp://techreport.com/review/27909/the-ssd-endurance-experiment-theyre-all-dead
I have had it up to HERE with you giving me cheek, mate
Basically, no, it wont effect the SSD worseThanks.
how do i properly burn a video_ts and audio_ts folders from a ripped dvd so that it would play in a regular old DVD player? I normally use anyburn when burning shit, is that good (i'm on windows)? would I have to pack it into an ISO or something first?
Not sure if this is the right place to ask but will a 2nd monitor lower fps on games?
I usually change my phones every 3 years. If I get this now, will it become obsolete because of Arm v8 and 64 bit?The alternatives are newer mid ranged phones like the HTC Desire 820 and the Samsung Galaxy A5 and the G3 looks like a better phone in every way except the older CPU technology.
likely not considerably if you have a decent build
what do you have now?
Single core phone from 2011, SonyEricsson Xperia NeoI know anything would be a massive upgrade from that, but I want to get something nicer this time around.
When can I expect the new GPUs from Nvidia? I need to get a new one but I don't want to get a 970 considering everything and 980 is above what I can pay. 1070 when?
Firefox got slow as fuck all of a suddenchrome still works the same so wtf is wrong with itWas there an update that fucked everything up?
How to move the titles around in Nova Launcher Drawer? I don't want folders, I want to e.g. move the μTorrent to the Flashlight's position
is it a dumb idea to have two antivirus programs scanning the computer at the same time?
I'm trying to root my S5 for the first time. Can anyone tell me where I can download the stable Cyanogenmod 11? Their download page only lists CM 12 nightly versions.
You need to make some space first in order to do that. Move a couple icons to another page and you can re-order after.
OK, how do I do this on the last page that have space? Even though with stock menu I could move around tiles with page being full
What's a good email client for Windows?I'm looking for something lighter and less clunky than Thunderbird.
Depends how much you hate your hard disk.(Don't do it).
Does O(n log n) mean that the time complexity is n*log n?
if i have a card that can output 3 monitors at a time, if i SLI/Crossfire that card does that mean i can do 6 monitors at a time? or does this vary from card to card?
pay debts
kek
What is the difference between urxvt and rxvt-unicomp terminals?
Everytime a butthurt will reply when they see greek characters lel
shit i meant rxvt-unicode
This is probably a really stupid question, but has anyone else bought a brand new 64-bit computer completely pre-installed with 32-bit drivers and BIOS? I'm so stupid and awful with computers that I somehow didn't notice despite the computer being extremely slow and unable to run safe mode or updates for 4 years. I just checked what model I have and it's 'Asus Notebook Serise'.>what is a serise ;_;
Is my budget build okay?
> 32-bit drivers and BIOS
Do you really need all that storage?
What's the least amount of space I can dedicate to a Windows VM? What is the best version of Windows to get if I want to conserve space?I'm using Linux atm but want to install a Windows Virtual Machine for doing weeb shit, however I only have  128GB SSD and don't want to dedicate a lot of memory to Windows.Is WINE a better option?
>Optical driveCome on, really.
urxvt is unicode (UTF-8) compatable.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8>tl;dr: Fonts and character sets
technically, is there a difference between sensitivity of a mouse and DPI? My friend was saying there isn't, but why would some mice be smoother than others? as in the framerate of the mouse moving across the screen looking higher
what the fuck is vtune? does it help people optimize code for intel chips or something? i can't wrap my head around a goddamn thing on their page
Get a G3
just bought my first smartphonerecommended settings?do sounds eat a lot of battery (such as when typing or selecting something?)Should i 'restrict background data'?
From my experience, screen lighting is one of the most battery consuming things. Just keep it dimmed whenever you're not in full sunlight.And really just turn off anything you're not currently using.
The confusion comes from the use of the phraze 'sensitivitiy'. When speaking in context of a mouse 'sensitivity' refers to the literal DPI of the mouse. It is worth noting however that 'sensitivity switching' would refer to changing the DPI of a mouse in order to alter how fast it moves on the screen.(eg. lowering the DPI to make the mouse move slower)In the context of software and applications it means how fast the application itself allows the mouse pointer to move accross the screen. No matter how you change the sensitivity of the application the accuracy(DPI) of the actual mouse will never change.If you want to experiment set the sensitivity an application to it's lowest setting (best example is in a video game) and drag the mouse accross the screen using a low DPI and high DPI mouse. In the case of a low DPI mouse you will see the pointer skipping across the screen slightly because the mouse itself does not have the accuracy to detect any smaller movements.
How do you get C++ programs to run in something other than a command window?
Write a GUI
ok thats what i thoughthigher DPI means less skipping
before you ask that question, make a fresh profile (you can keep your current one, of course) and try thatbasically, see if it's your profile that's a mess before you blame firefox directly
Building a website from a template. It uses slider revoluiton. There are some pieces I want to remove but they only show up on the webpage and not in the source code.Where could i look to find the pieces?
Is there any difference between r9 280x and 7970, or r9 280 and 7950 etc?
Windows and other graphical elements are operating system resources. You need some GUI library that uses Windows API. Something like Qt, WxWidgets, MFC, dotNet etc. Or you can just use winapi yourself. There are some cool elementary guides online.
Most images I save to my phone gets corrupted. I can't post them here or view them in Windows Photo Gallery because it says they're damaged or corrupt but I can view them just fine on my phone. My phone shows them as normal .jpg images but if I check out the details it says they're image/webp files.What do?
Of course
Move them to your computer to find out if they're actually corrupted.
why does 4chan suddenly have a huge empty gap at the bottom of every page?
What wm should I use? I hated gnome, and i3 was a bit too cut down.I want a clean, but pretty look.On a laptop of that matters.
Yeah. It won't load the thumbnail or let me view them. Is there any way I can recover them? Or more importantly fix my phone?
I'm setting up Windows in a VM, and I want it activated.I know to use Daz Loader for this, but since the original links were taken down, where can I get a legit version of it?I already lost 1 VM to this malware infested type of shit.
probably the ads placeholder
How do i prevent users from editing my (barcode) images and then printing them?they can't save them, but if they open it they can edit, then ctrl+p.anyway to disable the editing under windows?or is it the software that opens the image responsibility?
solved
Is it possible for mobile repair shops to access a phone's internal storage when replacing parts? I've got a lot of personal information on there and don't want some chink getting it. I've got a lock on it but I'm not sure that would be enough.
screenshot, http://www.barcodesinc.com/generator/index.php paste modified barcode, print. DRM of any kind has never really worked.
Many Linux-based router firmwares allow you to adjust the transmission power. How do they do that?I just got my desktop computer, running Gentoo, working as a wireless router using hostapd, dnsmasq and nftables. I want to reduce the transmission power so that the network is only available inside my tiny apartment, and not to the entire apartment complex. With my last router I had transmission power set to 1% of maximum and that was plenty. It doesn't seem to be an option in hostapd, although hostapd does seem to be able to control transmission power, since it has a localization option that says that it will limit transmission power to the legal maximum in your country.
If it's not encrypted then you should assume that anyone with physical access to it can read it.
Hey /g/Anyone know of a good HDMI splitterI heard if you don't get a quality one, you end up getting some major input lag for gaymen
Is Hotspot Shield botnet/malware?
I have a 7970 paired with an FX-8350, and I'm running GTA close to 60fps with everything on high or better.
What are you actually trying to do?  If someone can see something on their screen, you can't stop them from recording, saving, and modifying it to suit their own personal use.Hell, you can scan something to PDF and go from there if you don't have it on a computer.
Operating system?  Phone?  Details, motherfucker, do you have them?
character encoding and timezones are literally the worst things in the world
> scan something to PDF> not to PNG or TIFF
Is it okay that I have multiple instances of programs running or is my system rekt? I'm always confused why, for exampe, nm-applet has two processes.
What's the smallest OS that preferably runs from an usb stick with support for MDADMI tried puppy but it won't run in vmware.It kernel panics bitching about VFS or some shit
This is stupid questions thread, not stupid people thread. Please get out or learn to read.
i think those are just threadsif you go into the options for htop you can make it stop showing userland threads
Wat.Does your scanner only output PDFs? Well it's shit and you should get rid of it now.
ah yes, there it is. Thank you anon.
Android KitKat. LG Optimus F60. That's really all I have. Not sure why this is happening. I'll try Firefox or uninstalling Chrome's updates to see if anything changes.
Will I get viruses if I torrent stuff in an Ubuntu virtual machine with a Windows host?
Oh. I don't mean a splitter. I meant a HDMI hub
I'll be buying a new rig mid-summer, do you think the release of Skylake will push down the prices of earlier processors?I'm going to be putting a 4690k in this new rig, and there's currently a sale going on where I can get a 4690k for £155 (down from like £180). Is it worth me buying this early because of the sale, or wait until after Skylake is released?
Judging by your lack of understanding you'll probably find a way to get a virus no matter what.
Depends on what you're downloading.The price reduction on older gen processors will be very minimal if any. Expect $10 discount on previous generation or something.Wait until Skylake.
Should have mentioned, when I said "wait for skylake" I meant wait for the release and see how it changes the earlier processor prices. I won't actually be buying a Skylake processor.
Get it now then. Prices on previous generation will not drop that much.
Alright, thanks mate.
Yeah, if you want significant savings on last gen stuff you'll have to look at the second hand market.
Any of you guys know a trustworthy cellphone unlock service? My mom wants to take a prepaid phone to my grandma because she lives in another country, and I'm looking at unlocker sites for her and all of these are sketchy as fuck.Should I just go for the cheapest one and hope for the best?
What's a good riced ePub/Mobi/PDF reader on Windows.
Which one would you choose for a gaming PC:(a) 4690k + Gigabyte Z97 UD5H(a) 3570k + Asrock Z77 Extreme4 (and save $125+ for other stuff)
if I want to fully use a 144hz monitor, do I need to run games at 144fps?
In my experience, anything above 60 would be noticeably different.
Is this computer any good?does anyone here have one like this?thinking of buying it
I have it, the jack plug broke (happened to a friend too), other than than I'm really satisfied
3570k and save some money for other shit. When OC'ed there is no difference in performance...
Is it possible to use imagemagick to write a phrase and make it a .png or .jpg for every font on my computer
What are some good books or online tutorials that teach linux in depth or linux for advanced users?Like what's linux's equivalent of window's registry?
/sci/ isn't responding, so I might as well try /g/:Where does vacuum permittivity come from? I get that an electrical field is produced by photons acting as force carriers for a point charge. These are emitted in all directions equally, i.e. in a spherical shape, and as the surface area of a sphere is 4*pi*R^2, you get the following formula for an electrical field:E = Q / (4*pi*R^2)Which is stranghtforward enough. You might need a dimensionless proportionality constant depending on units chosen, but that's it. However, in reality, there's a non-dimensionless vacuum permittivity factor, which both reduces E's value and changes its units. Where does this come from? Surely there's nothing in a vacuum that's intercepting photons, and even if there was, why would it affect the units?
>Like what's linux's equivalent of window's registry?A bunch of text files in /etc
Getting that Windows is not genuine shit on W7 ultimate, Dazloader isn't fixing it. Wut do?
Right, so that's the type of information I want to know and it isn't there in your basic linux tutorials.
Is it safe to drink from a soda can that the bottom part is bulging out and I squeezed it and it felt like the pressure is higher than it should be?Could it be botulism or something?  The drink doesn't even have sugar in it so I'm doubtful bacteria could grow there but still I remember as a kid being told never to eat soup found in such a can, worried about this if it applies.
Besides a potential shower when you open it I don't think it's dangerous.
Hello /SQT/. First timer here! :)Can I learn to program in 21 days?
kickass.to redirects to kat.cris that legit or some virus infested shithole?
What's a good alternative to Cheese in Arch or an Arch based distro?
Depends on what you want to do.  Learn the basics required to make a simple program?  Absolutely.
Question about hashes in ruby but I suppose it applies to other languagesLet's say I have a hash and I want to print certain values from it as strings egputs hash[target] + hash[location]however, some of the values will be nil. if I simply do it as above, ill get the error:"no implicit conversion of nil into String"what's the most elegant solution to this? obviously I can do it myself in an ugly way, but i'm not yet good enough to come up with something really clever
A Seasonic 650W G-Series should handle a 290X rig, right?
Me and my gf had an a little argument this morning and now she isn't texting me backShould or I call her or just wait for morning?
Man, I'm fucking hype for cyber mondaylooks like prices are gonna drop hardcore
Is that really true? I cant get proper signals in my room on my korean g2, should i flash cyanogen or something else lolipop based?
Whats the easiest way to turn my windows 8 laptop into a password protected wifi hotspot without paying for a software?
step 1: stop fucking using wifi
Got a 7870Want to upgrade to get an avg of 144fps in most games to make the most of monitorAny recommendations?
My mom wants a tiny computer. She doesn't do much except use the internet, so I think she'd be okay with one of those little CHIP 9 dollar computers.What's a cute tiny monitor to get her?
What's something fun I can do with a home server?
If I install windows 10 preview on my laptop running windows 8. Will I be able to upgrade to the full release of windows 10 when it comes out for real.
Sup /g/, computer moron hereI bought a bluetooth dongle for my PC so I can use wireless keyboard and mouse.But im unclear about the security. Who can now see that my PC has bluetooth or how do I edit the security settings?
why
I am using getmail to back up my email but I only want it to retrieve the text content of the email, no HTML or attachments. Is there any way to do this? I can strip it from the message after it's downloaded using some sort of script, but I'd rather not download it in the first place
Idk about attachments, but if the email is formatted in HTML (most emails are nowadays) then that _is_ the content, so to speak. You have to strip it afterwards or ask people to send you plain text emails
That's true but most email clients seem to send a text version along with the HTML version so it's not normally a problem
I'm not sure what you mean by thatMost email clients parse the HTML for you, it's still not a plain text email.Unless you know something I don't, in which case just ignore me
I've seen a book "Learn mySql in just 21 days".So I'm doubting I can. :(
I softbricked my moto /g/ with only apps from the botnet play How do I make a backup if Im not rooted?
i3-4160 + R9 280X for 1080p60?Target games : GTAV, Witcher 3, Wolfenstein Old BloodI want to emulate too but the G3258 legit bottlenecks games it appears, maybe not in average fps but with occasional big dropsThe i5-4690k is the 2500k of this gen, right? Seems expensive compared to when I was building PCs a few years ago.
ffmpeg...>finally get it to record desktop well enough>move on to recording the application audio while recording the video>huge stream of "non-monotonous DTS in output stream" errors, but it works>once errors stop, the audio stops recording while the video continues to recordWhat do?  Pic related.
I'm gonna post this for the last time because I get no answers. Which distro should I use? I use Arch Linux but if fucked me over and I don't want to fix this for the 16th time. So Manjaro, Lo/g/os, Arch[Bang] (someone recommended it it) or Debian? Maybe something else?
Forgot pic.
If you don't want something that will fuck you over occasionally then Fedora Workstation or some variant of Ubuntu are the most stable desktop distrosDebian is too old, don't bother with it
What is the thing called that allows you to stream YouTube videos to your media player?
probably better cpu
ah shitof course the 4160 isn't a quadcore
mpv + youtube-dl
Most HTML emails seem to be in two parts, a plain text message and a HTML message. It seems like pretty much the only emails that are just HTML are graphics heavy advertising emails which would be no great loss
MacBook ProSo now for those of you still willing to talk to me. . . .I'm trying to partition the drive for the purposes of installing Debian.  >inb4 install gentooOk for those of you who are left:Come to find out I can't because there's encryption.  That's fine, I remember encrypting the drive a few years ago, and I proceed to do the following to try to unlock it:diskutil corestorage listdiskutil corestorage unlockVolume UUID -stdinpassphrasePassphrase:I always get, no matter what I enter, that it is not encrypted.+-- Logical Volume Group 006062DE    ==============    Name:         Macintosh HD    Sequence:     1    Free Space:   0 B (0 B)    |    +-< Physical Volume 559A738C    |   ----------------------------------------------------    |   Index:    0    |   Disk:     disk0s2    |   Status:   Online    |   Size:     749296615424 B (749.3 GB)    |    +-> Logical Volume Family 6BB870C4-        ----------------------------------------------------------        Sequence:               14        Encryption Status:      Unlocked        Encryption Type:        AES-XTS        Encryption Context:     Present        Conversion Status:      Complete        Has Encrypted Extents:  Yes        Conversion Direction:   -none-        |        +-> Logical Volume A119A8EA            ---------------------------------------------------            Disk:               disk1            Status:             Online            Sequence:           4            Size (Total):       748977844224 B (749.0 GB)            Size (Converted):   -none-            Revertible:         Yes (unlock and decryption required)            LV Name:            Macintosh HD            Volume Name:        Macintosh HD            Content Hint:       Apple_HFSMacBook-Pro:~ I also vaguely remember creating a hidden volume that of course I can't find.Should I just either forget it or restore the whole thing?ありがとう
Also regardless of what this says, when I go to diskutil it tells me I still have an encrypted drive which is part of the reason I can't use it to partition.
Im upgrading from an AMD FX9590. Should I buy an i7-5930k or wait for skylake?
This is really bugging me, i have an ATI card (R9 270) with a Panasonic HDTV, connected over HDMIWIndows, Steam Big picture and certain games work perfectly, but within certain titles i am getting massive under scan, and i'm not sure what to fix it with.Every fix i can google tells you to use CCC and force overscan. But that forces the overscan on everything. Anyone have any ideas?
I got my Umi Hammer (chinkphone) today, and was playing around with the permissions app, which you can use to allow/deny ,hat apps can and can't do. I disabled location tracking for Facebook, but now it's constantly giving me a notifications like pic related. I know I could just allow it, but is there a way just to disable the notifications?Thanks in advance
How come CS majors gotta hate on IT majors?I just wanna be the computer nurse.
Is this a meme?
>:)>:(Fuck off back to reddit
>not using optical drive>spending cash on usb's just to have OS on itAre you some kind of pleb?
Is it possible to cast a program from my android device or laptop to my Smart tv?
I have xubuntu and windows 7 dual bootedxubuntu keeps askign to filecheck system after every other rebootBoth OS's are on an SSD and I also have one 2 TB storage hard dirveDo you think this is due to the dual booting or a HD dying?never had issue before and just recently set up a dual boot. But it was happening for few days or week of dual boot.
>I'm doubtingdat syntax/srs/
What the fuck is the point of putting www. at the beginning of a URL?my friends still manually type in www.google.com or whatever
>Doesn't know that www.domain.com and domain.com is a differenceBut usually it doesn't make a difference. People just redirect all domain.com requests to www.domain.comBut there are pages out there in the wild, which don't redirect that.
What else shall I order? My list so far:>2x 3-powerstrip>power extension cable 5m>10m CAT6 cable>5 reed switches>10m 2pin cable for my switchesGonna make my student dorm hightech as fuck
best back utility for windows?
Are there any android apps that let you manually encrypt a specified file/folder and nothing else? Most of the apps I tried are bloat, is there anything that just werks?Example:- Choose File or Folder to encrypt-- Enter password--- doc.txt is now encryped as ar5g7kkd1.file- Choose File or Folder to decrypt-- Enter password--- ar5g7kkd1.file s now decrypted as f3g26kjsm.file (the password was wrong)- Choose File or Folder to decrypt-- Enter password--- ar5g7kkd1.file s now decrypted as doc.txt (the password was right)
How do I record my desktop. I mean what software do people use to record in webm.
Way back in the mid '90s I can remember a computer TV show which would send programs over the air to people who had some sort of TV modem thing to receive them. Does anyone else remember it and what was it?
Im using ff in arch. I want to switch to icecat. Should i remove ff first? Also, my custom config files and addons will be exported to icecat just because there are in .firefox dir?
i use adb while in recovery. Keep in mind that if you're using a google account it will remember all your app settings and things you downloaded from the play store, so you probably only need to backup your files
Creative Soundblaster diagnostics wont start. What gives?
Where can I find a speaker with a 3.5mm input plug that does not require a power source.I need one for my security camera which already has ampliciation in it
is there a /g/ phone guide anywhere? i don't see one in the wiki and i need phone advice
Should I just get the G3258 and a ghetto unlocked H81 board and wait for Cannonlake?
Phones change too quickly. We have a daily thread for that
easiest and fastest way to learn precalc?I got lazy in highschool and never took it. now I'm going into college and I want to be serious about my studiesI'm not too good with books though. i need someone to explain it to me and show me how it works
Hey guys. I got a totally legal copy of windows 8.1 and am now Dual Booting on my MacbookPro with Mavericks. A day after, it doesn't want to turn on. Not start up, just not turn on. I've tried an SMC reset and nothing. Anyone
Got any ideas?* I was planning on bringing it into the Apple store for assistance. Is this a good idea since I have a copy of totally legal windows on there. Thanks.
No. Get a decent processor of today.Cannonlake is going to be like 10% better than haswell.Just get a good haswell right now.Sandy bridge processors from 2010 are still more than good enough for your needs. CPU performance improvement has stagnated over the last 5 years.
Someone recommend me a good audio converter please, free or paid doesn't matter.I have some short length .wav files for my android game and want to convert them to .mp3 to make them smaller. The shit I've used so far keeps fucking them up and making them longer.
Ubuntu or Xubuntu or Lubuntu or Elementary OS?
if i choose one of the servers that don't log, Is openNIC a good alternative to google DNS?
if you want the easy linux, use mint. Or xubuntu if you really want to
is the lg leon rootable yet?
Found S.S.E. and it just werks./issue
Is there a retards guide to SSH somewhere? I want to transfer files between 2 computers (Both run linux) without me having to run between them with flash drives. Thanks
Bored. How to upgrade my dorm?
Fedora
Pls help.
HTC One M7 or the M8 Mini? I could get either for about the same price. What would run smoother?
If I don't like firefox's blank tab ad page, nor australis interface, nor any other social networking/default tracking plugin/extension, which fork should I get?I'm looking for another browser other than chrome and firefox, but I want extensions. So far I'm just dealing with chromium and now I want a fork of FF.
Define "turn on" and "start up".
why the fuck is the ncase m1 so expensive? I know it's made of aluminum but jesus, nearly 200 dollars?
"Start up" being it get's to the bootstrap loader. "Turn on" being it gives off the chime sound.
>firefox's blank tab ad pageDo you mean the new tab page?You can change that to whatever you want, in about:config at browser.newtab.url
Are there third parties that can actually 'refurbish' drives?
its trying to win over the /g/ mini build fad  audience
guys, any idea if there's a safe method to downgrade an iPhone 4s that's running iOs 8.2 to iOs 7 ?
>macfaggots begging for downgrades because hardware can't even handle latest OS just be a good goy and get the latest ishit in gold already
what's one of the best resources to learn Java (inb4 hurr durrr yer a fagget learn to C)? All the tutorials I find seem like cluster fucks.
Youtube, seriously. Look up some uni or hs's pre-calc or calc program and search for the topics on youtube.
nice, being a faggot on a stupid question thread. Avoid this if you are only here to not being helpful like in your everyday life.By the way it's my brothers phone, he moved on to a 5 (he seems to be a good goy) and I was wondering if I can get something usable installed here to keep it as an emergency phone or sell it for some shekels.
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/6zpQvKAnything is apreciated
take it to the Apple store :^)
>OCZjust don't You can also get cheap 2TB Hitachi HDDs off fleabay
Hey /g/, I'm asking for a software recommendation.  I want to develop a program that will do the following* Provide a simple packet of information, probably in JSON form to a client when requested* Allow the clients to return simple packets probably in JSON form* Be completely decentralized, i.e. p2p* Allow clients to find servers through some sort of hash, similar to bittorrentThe third one is a little more flexible, but it'd certainly be good.Cross platform is ideal, so I'm hoping to use Java or Scala or Python for the server. Once I've written the server, writing the client software shouldn't be hard.  I've tried looking for frameworks, but the only thing I've found close is SharkFW, and it seems incomplete and mostly undocumented.  Should I abandon this concept and just use a centralized server?  What server framework would be best for this?Thanks for the assistance /g/
no
so it should be assumed that anyone selling 'refurbished' drives on ebay, is scamming?
>clusterfucks for a clusterfuck language I would have never suspected it!
I was going off the assumption that you were talking about some service that repaired hard drives or somethingI assume they just mean they took a working used drive, reformatted it, wiped the cum stains off and then put it up for sale.
Might want to look into Java RMIhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_remote_method_invocation
Do you know of any tutorials that are less cluter-fuckey than the rest of them?
>I assume they just mean they took a working used drive, reformatted it, wiped the cum stains off and then put it up for sale.I assumed that's all you can do but then they should call it 'used' instead of refurbished. They offer a one year warranty though which I don't see working for someone pushing used drives which made me think that maybe there is more to the refurbished part.
Windows Vista and up require like 20GB minimum. XP can survive on 1-2GB. You might want to try WINE first, it can handle chinese porn games pretty well.
Ebin le maymay, redditor.
G3258 & board is £100vs 4690k & board £250wouldn't it make sense to wait for the 10nm Intels all I need is a 1080p machine for now
> OCZ> Already purchased
Did you know that not all flash memory was made the same. There is a reason they're cheaper. Just read up on it
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/3FBhLkRate?
4690k
There's really nothing you can do internally to make it more reliable.  At best they look at the SMART data to check for past errors, most likely they just buy them in bulk cheap enough that it doesn't hurt their margins much.
For what reason does my disk drive spin at 1000000x rpm when I boot and there is a disk in there.
>learning an obsolete, outdated language>learning the shittiest language in existenceThe only tutorial you'll need is right here.http://www.howtokillyourself.com/
Will codecademy help me git gud?I'm trying to first exercise but all it says is connecting for the past 5 minutes.
Aluminum isn't expensive, retard.
I see. Thanks for the explanation.
your toilet runs java you fucking retard
A cheaper (not lower quality) PSU is what you need.Also don't bother with the CPU cooler. the stock is fine since your not OCingThis is what I recommend http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220gs0650v1
sure why not, alternately check out open courseware, it's free online classes from colleges for no credit
Then why the fuck is it so goddamn expensive?my older brother told me aluminum was only slightly less expensive than steel
Why doesn't swfchan work for me?Specifically the page to load the flash. Every other page is fine until that. It just doesn't load anything.No add-ons enabled, up to date chrome or firefox and non-edited hosts file. I'm at a loss.
If I have a circle centered at [0,0] with a radius of 300, what formula can I use to get any point in the circumference of the circle?
it may be comparable in price to steel but that's by weight, and since aluminum is so much lighter than steel, it's a lot more volume for the price so is technically much cheaper.  we're talking consumer grade aluminum here, not aircraft grade
I just like extra cooling is all.So this power supply is just as good as the one on my list?
Please shut the fuck up if you have nothing to contribute. What's the only thing you program besides ricing your desktop? Let the grown-ups have a conversation without interjecting with your autistic ramblings.
Yep.
Use sine and cosine.It's basic high school math, how old are you?
Because
sinA = y/300cosA = x/300
I'm not certain how much power I'll be using, but I heard that you're wasting electricity by getting a PSU high above the wattage you're at. Is this true?I'm gonna be using a 144hz 1080p monitor
i have horizontal lines going across my monitor sometimes when i play games, is my monitor or graphics card overheating? i spent a lot on bothNVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 and some samsung led monitor
>Prerequisites>C++: All assignments are in C++>Calculus, Linear Algebra: Solving equations, derivatives, integral; vectors, matrices, basis, solving systems of equations
seriously I can't even google anything about it
Its true to an extent.  If you have a power supply that is rated for 4x your load, it will be a few percent less efficient than using a power supply rated for 2x your load.  Realistically it doesn't really matter.
>but I heard that you're wasting electricity by getting a PSU high above the wattage you're at. Is this true?That's utter bullshit. if anything it's more efficient. The only reason i suggested 650w is because your system uses 450w under full load. You should have 100w headroom ontop of full load for safety reasons. I've had PSUs explode on me before, it's the most important part of your build
>you're wasting electricity by getting a PSU high above the wattageRunning at 50% utilization is the most efficient.
Take screenshots, if the artifacts show up in the screenshots it your GPUAlternatively test it with another monitor.

Thanks, that's exactly what I needed.
I need a python bro to explain me something on Learn Python The Hard Way.from sys import argvfrom os.path import existsscript, from_file, to_file = argvprint "Copying from %s to %s" % (from_file, to_file)in_file = open(from_file)indata = in_file.read()print "The input file is %d bytes long" % len(indata)print "Does the output file exist? %r" % exists(to_file)print "Ready, hit RETURN to continue, CTRL-C to abort."raw_input()out_file = open(to_file, 'w')out_file.write(indata)print "Alright, all done."out_file.close()in_file.close()That's the code, basically copies what's inside of a file to a new one, but how the fuck do they use open() on a file that doesn't even exist. Does the open() function also creates new files?What the hell is the 'w'  in "open(to_file, 'w')" for?pls
https://docs.python.org/2/library/functions.html#open
u mad faget
What is the most natural upgrade for a i5-3470.I'm mostly interested in gaming performance and price.
Oh man, I wanna buy another 50'' screen for my PC to work with a dualscreen setup. The thing is, shall I get another 1080p one or a 4k one? I think that buying a 4k one would make the first 1080p one look like shit.On the other hand, having a 4k one would be pretty awesome.Also the distance between me and the screen(s then) is about 2.5 -  3m.
The fuck is this? How do I fix it?
Should a beginner read "The C Programming Language" when trying to learn C?
should my bus speed be increased at all?it's an i5 3570k overclocked to 4.2ghz
How is there commie jokes about RTFM? I thought the acronym means 'read the fucking manual/material/manpage' and.. yeah, you're using it appropriately, it's in response to stupid stupid fucking questions that everyone wonders at some point and which can only be annoying to hear over and over.
Lads, got any advice?
As in, K&R? If you already know some C or something similar but different, such as C++ and know some of the concepts already, it should be easy to understand. If for some insane reason you want to track down ancient unix's source code and look at it and maybe even play around with it, it's probably pretty useful.Otherwise, probably not. The book is more of an antique or curiosity than anything else. Also, it's outdated, ancient C. If you're completely new to this, a different book or even an internet guide would be more helpful.
Thats what its supposed to be. Your multiplier is probably 42 x 100 MHz
guys pls.Also, is a 50'' 4k usefull on a 3m distance? Cause sometimes, I have trouble reading small fonts.
I have a bunch of .swf video files i want to merge into a mp4 videoWhat I have to do?
www is the way of specifying that you want the www (web) content hosted at that addressthese days people accociate domains with websites so strongly that many don't even realize they're not synonymousthe only reason we often /don't/ need to add www, is because of how popular the www has become, people are expecting web content to return from the root domain name, so content providers are doing just that
1366x768 144hz 1ms monitors?
I hope you're trolling
>5 reed switcheswhat you gona do with those?
I'm putting one at my door and the other one at my window.It's just that there are that many in that package.
would a kind anon that uses umatrix and youtube spoonfeed a new user to umatrix on the best way to configure it? I have tried to set it up and end up just allowing everything out of frustration. >please>thank you
I have Linux Mint, and Spotify gives me a notification for every single song change that occurs, and it's disturbing as hell to say the least. I read that to remove this, I have to add the line ui.track_notifications_enabled=false to ~/.config/spotify/Users/<spotifylogin>-user/prefs, but I can't for the life of me find this location. What's the path before /.config/!?
~ is /home/urusernameIf the file doesn't exist fucking create it.
Interesting you must be pretty paranoid. You connecting them to some kind of homemade alarm system?
Is there such a thing as a DAC with a 3.5 mm output for the iPhone 5? One that doesn't have a built-in amp?. I had one of these for an old iPod that I used to connect to a separate headphone amp.
does the 64bit jre run 32bit java applications?
omg, I just noticed the "Show Hidden Files" button, I feel like a tard now. Thanks anyway, good to know about the ~ thing.
Interesting, you must be literally retarded.
>Is there such a thing as a DAC with a 3.5 mm output for the iPhone 5? One that doesn't have a built-in amp?Why would you need a DAC if the iBone has one built in? How on earth would that work anyways?
Can't get my Lenovo to install goddamn drivers. No ethernet adapter, no usb, no nothing. The CD with drivers that came along doesn't help.What do?
See, this is exactly the reason that you should learn how to use basic terminal navigation when using linux.But if you insist on using a gui file manager, then remember about Ctrl + H to toggle hidden files.Any file/directory starting with a dot will be hidden in unix
Use another computer to download the drivers manually, transfer them to the desired machine using an usb stick and install the drivers.
Nah man, not paranoid. It's just that I'm bored as fuck and I love creating stuff. I already have an Arduino with a temperature and humidity sensor nailed to my wall that's updating the data on a page (a page for easy online storage of small data, also made by me). This stuff is then pulled by my startpage (that's also a website, not some Windows stuff). Pic related.I don't care about robbers and shit, my insurance is covering everything. Just losing my data would suck dick.
As I said, usb sticks aren't working. Neither is lan.
You hook it up to the 20/30 pin output in order to bypass the analog audio jack. It supposedly provides a cleaner signal if youre using an amp, but the reason I want one now is because the 3.5 mm jack is broken.
Thanks again, mate.
Not trolling, just curious honestly
Not him, but harddrives are usually possible to get out of the computer. Stick it in another computer and copy it over to the harddrive itself.
Nevermind. Booted into Mint and USB was detected and then just transferred to the main drive. Thanks anyway.
Just got my second replacement 290 and it doesn't work, figure my mobo is the problem but I have no idea what exactly could be wrong with it. I'm going to have to replace it but the problem is that I have a 3rd gen i5 and Im really not up for buying another old mobo just to get this GPU working bit I also don't want to spend an additional $300 to upgrade my CPU. I'd the 4th gen i5 series worth the upgrade or should I just stick to the old one?
The material cost is only one factor. The biggest reason is the way it's manufactured; most mass-produced cases on the market use what's called die-stamping, where massive dies are machined out of very hard steel, and then most of the case is just stamped out in one go that takes a second or two. This is fast and very low cost per unit, but the dies themselves can cost upwards of $100,000 to have made, so it's only cost effective if you know you can sell 10,000+ units in a reasonable time period, and you have distributors and warehouses lined up for that.You can see an example of die-stamped case production in this video of the IN WIN factory: https://youtu.be/9vMo9XT1deY The way the M1 is made is different. The raw sheets are cut and punched on a numerically-controlled turret machine (and a few parts on a laser cutter), which is more time-consuming and expensive. Then the parts need to be inserted into press brakes by skilled operators, and this needs to be done for every bend on the chassis, which is time and labor intensive. In comparison, both these steps can be combined with die stamping, for a significant time, labor, and cost savings.Here's a video showing production at Lian Li: https://youtu.be/zLvYUkagKPgThe advantage of Lian Li's method of production for projects like the M1 is that there's no upfront cost to make the dies, and therefore it's economical enough to do low-volume production of a few hundred to a thousand units at a time. However it can't compete with mass-produced die-stamped cases cost-wise.
>Booted into Mint and USB was detectedwindows btfo
Honestly that start page design is ugly asf, you should take inspiration from the autistic but graphically pleasing riced desktop threads on this board. You should grow Salvia in your dorm and automate the watering and humidity with monitoring. (Then profit?)
just dropped my HTC One M9 from about 3 inches off the ground and now there's very minor chips in the backMy carrier doesn't cover this because they tried to sell a shitty warranty plan that costs $7 monthlydoes anyone know if HTC will replace it for me? I live in Canada so I don't have access to the "Uh-Oh" thing they have
Are you implying that wiring up your dorm with reed switches is a normal thing to do or are you just trolling randomly?
>The raw sheets are cut and punched on a numerically-controlled turret machineBack in high school i used to be an operator of such thing. Fun stuff, the way it worked, very relaxing, made a lot of noise but it was rhythmic.
wear the scars on your phone like a proud manmy m7 has a chipped and a dent in the corner in the back, get over it fag
What makes you think it needs to be fixed if you don't even know what it is, retard?
I'm trying to figure out the Reddit API, and it's proving to be a lot harder to figure out as a beginner than I expected.I just want to search for comments that include a key word in all threads within the last 24 hours under certain subreddits, and display the number of comments that have that keyword. I wanted to use Python. Does anyone know how I can use the API effectively to search for these results?
Because its full
Welp. Thanks for the input, I guess.Nah, plants usually start to die near me.Not him, but the guy who actually plans to do that.And you think wasting time on an imageboard is a normal thing to do?What's the difference between people collecting stamps and me nailing electronics to my wall? At least my hobby is a bit useful.
haven't even had it a week yet ;_;
Yeah - it's really impressive to watch these things at work: https://youtu.be/ABLmzEnLcsQ
what other distros use the same ubuntu commands?
that sucks, but if it's not covered by warranty then they'll probably charge you to have it repaired
Enter Z:\ driveChoose folders at randomCutExit driveGo to C:\ DrivePasteProfit
I think Mint does. I've only been using it for a week, but lots of Mint commands are also found in the Ubuntu forums (apt-get and so on)
What's the best way to write an iOS / Android app?I see lots of solutions for writing your app once in HTML 5 and then have it compile for both platforms - meaning you don't need to learn the SDKs. PhoneGap is an example I've seen but there are loads.What's the best one?
Bbut what is the z drive and how do I set it so shit goes straight to the c drive in the future.
Yeah pretty much the same shit in the video + 20 years, it had a proprietary firmware made by siemens. No sound dampening tho, like i said, loud as fuck, had to wear ear protection.
anyone have that updated infographic for the 1 dollar mousepad?
every debian based distro, so debian, ubuntus and mint
Fuck if I know, go to Start menu -> Right-click Computer -> Disk ManagementThen press Windows button + Rtype "snippingtool" and press enterTake printscreen of the Disk Management window of good size, save imagePost results
I meant Start menu -> Right-click Computer -> Manage -> Disk Management
What are the best methods for securing an Andoid phone?I use a custom Rom which I have debloated manually.I added Xprivacy manually too, so that it's active from first bootup.Any help or tips on what else I can do/install to get a fairly high level of privacy would be appreciated.
Twitch keeps freezing my entire browser every ~10 seconds. Audio is fine, video and everything else freezes for a few seconds. I'm on Palemoon version: 25.4.1 (x64).Any idea how to fix this? Should I move to a different browser? Reinstalling flash didn't help.
>Any help or tips on what else I can do/install to get a fairly high level of privacy would be appreciated.Ditch gapps, install replicant. If, not at least install f-droid and donwload apps from thereinstall afwall+buy a blackberry
Thanks
Have you tried clearing your cache?
Where does Xubuntu store the current wallpaper? I set this one I really like a while ago, and now that I'm gonna be changing laptops and maybe even distros I'd like to grab it, but I believe I never saved it, and if I did, I don't know where.
Does anyone know where I can get cmus for Fedora 22?
New thread
Try ~/.config/xfce4/deskimgif notPost screenshot of your desktop without the icons/panels maybe i can help you find it in google
rpm fusion not yet available for memedora, that's why i'm not upgrading.
>Ditch gapps,Ok, I will try install a rom that doesnt have google crap installed> install replicant. I have a Galaxy s5 which doesnt have the backdoor. Is replicant still recommended?I cant seem to find it for the s5 anywhere.>install fdroid and afwall+Already got them installed, thanks.Any recommendations for browsers?
Thanks for the suggestion. It seems to be slightly better now.
>Any recommendations for browsers?Go for something lighweight. I highly recommend Naked Browser, the only browser that actually fucking worked on my budget (as in 800mhz 512ram) memedroid shitphone.Not open source but it's dev is confirmed /g/entooman
No go, I actually found where I saved it though. Was just curious if this was a thing.Cheers, anon.
Thanks, I will check it out

Anyone  bored wanna build me a PC? I might have ~$700 available depending on what I'm about to sell. Although I'd like to keep it under ~$600 after taxes and shit, the cheaper the better.Mostly for work and gaming. Don't give a shit about maxing games out more about performance.
>Mostly for work and gaming. Don't give a shit about maxing games out more about performance.stopped reading there
Start by reading the sticky, idiot.
At the end? Also I just realized how retarded that sentence came out but basically I understand I'm not going to be maxipadsng out new games so I can live with not spending an additional $100 to be able to do so.
Case: corsair 200rram: gskill 2x 4gb ddr3 1600 or 1333 whateverharddrive: 1tb western digital blue 7200rpmoptional SSD: crucial 120gb for OSvideocard: Gtx 960 or r9 280x (evga acx 2.0 ssc if 960, sapphire if r9)Processor: fx 6300Mobo: GIGABYTE GA-970A-D3P AM3+optical: optional $20 asus dvd burner thingPowersupply: EVGA 500w or 650w if r9 290/r9 280xEnjoy games like Witcher 3 at decent framerates and settings that came out lately:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmDLPVy4ZMoIf you want to spend more replace the 960/r9 280x with an r9 290 from sapphire for more gaming performance but not general performance. For more general performance go to 1150 asus/gigabyte $80ish mobo and get the i5 4460 processor.
Thanks for this. Gonna use it as a reference.
>I might have ~$700 available depending on what I'm about to sellsave your lunch money, save up your good boy points and expand your fucking budget. >Buy a 4690K and run integrated graphics till the new ones come out in the following month.>Invest in a good SSD (either 850 Pro/EVO)>Go microATX since its a cheaper mobo variant and you can still CF and SLI in the future>Buy a good modular PSU (550W is enough for a single card set up)>Don't waste money on DVD drive since you can install shit via flash driveHere is my build http://pcpartpicker.com/p/fqMMQ7
No longer any signed iOS 8.2 Beta 2 firmware? I'm trying to jailbreak my iPhone 5, but it says I need to downgrade from 8.3 to 8.2 Beta 2, but the website it links to says it's not signed. help?
Semen demon, and all thatAlso, downgrade
why doesnt she have any nipples
That's what i'm saying, i can downgrade without the signed firmware, which there doesn't seem to be any anymore.
Photoshop because this is a christian image board
>I'm glad you decided to get away from the computer and go swimming, Anon. Well, take your shirt off and jump in.
AhGod bless

Nice trips.Also who is that anal amazon?
kandy jofilename.
anon, do you know how to go back to ios 7 ?My brother had a 4s and changed it for a 5. I want to downgrade the 4s so it's usable again, sell it or keep it as an emergency phone
Post nudes.
he just wanted to say anal amazon
Who is this middle leg maiden?
Who is this titty titan?
I dunno,OP, I just clicked on this for pics of grills.
Same. Not sure what this thread is even about.
Once iOS version X stops being signed, there is no way to downgrade to or reinstall it unless you saved your SHSH Blobs.
Who is this boner toner?
OP i didnt even read your question; who is this chick again?
ayyyy
>checked her twitter>found this
who is that chinky goddess?>tfw just fapped and already getting a boner again
i have a 21 year old Pentium 1 motherboard with a 133Mhz gold plated cpu, and a whooping 16Mb of ram.also a cirrus logic pci graphic card with 2Mb !perfectly working.trips decides what to do with it
Mail it to me free of charge.
hit your bare penis with the edge of the motherboard
Recycle bin
so close
Add more RAM
Spread some mayo between the ram slots
cum all over it
Boil it.
if only this was a dubs thread...
Call 911 and say it murdered your family
Damn, son, you nearly made it.

Install warp 4
Install FreeDOS.
Put it in a microwave.
compose music using an OPL3 or SC-55/SC-88
>21 year oldShieet nigga. I feel old.
Rolling for this poor sod.
Use is as your primary computer for a year
Turn the motherboard upside down, peel your foreskin back, and rub your bellend furiously against the solder joints.
Install gentoo
Compile the largest Linux Kernel build you can find and post the time it took.
Install minix post pics
Eat it
Install Desqview. Run Kings Quest I in one window, Leisure Suit Larry in another. Fap every time it crashes.
Wemb of you cumming on it
Leave it outside
Install OpenBSD
Install gentoo.
Nothing interesting.
seconded
Post webm of you going Office Space on it
This. Reroll.
Grind it up into a fine powder using a blender and snort it.
put in on a shelf and let it collect dust for fifteen years
thirded
I had one with the same specs as a backup server maybe five years ago. Then I threw it in the trash.
daaaamn
Power it on and lick each of the components.
Run .kkrieger.Get max kills.Be example for humanity,
mail it to this guy free of charge.
Frame it and put it on your wall.
I'm both sorry for you and glad that you didn't win.
Sell it and give me the moneyz
they hard to find and retardedly expensive, beside, the maximum i could add is 128
I like this idea./rolling
strip the gold and copper off the board.
This poster Is in her majesties secret service
how much is it worth ? like 20 bucks ?
Use is as your main computer for the next 5 years or until it dies, whatever happens first
You should star in that new movie coming out: How to spot a freetard in under 5 seconds.
I'll go with this one, too.Be nice to play some mechwarrior 2 the way it was meant to be played.
>until it diesi'm pretty sure i will die before it does, shit was really well built back then, hell they build it with gold !i wander if i could run puppy linux on it
I did say whatever happens first too
Seconded
Rerolling for this guy.
sheeeet
beat it with a hammer
is the actual CPU gold or just the pins?i'd love to see a blinged out CPU for no raisin
stick it up you're arse
Lick it
Stick your dick in it
Send it to AMD
reroll
Double close. My sense of humor is insulted that the first Anon didn't win. That would have been bloody excellent.
Install Windows 95 and let viruses consume it and rape it raw
Reroll
reroll
Love and nurture it as if it was your own son.
reroll
Rub your dick against it
reroll
mail it to me free of charge
Stick it in a washing machine.
cmon man, do it for science
reroll
THE ALMIGHTY TRIPS HAVE SPOKENTO AMD WITH YOU
Reroll
this
This
Make an internet of things to control lights
how are people going to know where to mail it to?checkmate, atheists.
replace the plate in the microwave with it for a month
Fuck this guy.Rerolling for this poor chap
Yes but does it run Crysis.
??lol, this?
Put in in a box and leave it there for 5 years
Stick it up your ass and post pics
Rolling for this guy
Install gentoo on it
I'd tell him to mail it to my address, obviously.
This!
Package it for storage, take pic and screenshot this thread, let it sit for 10 years and come back on /g/ asking what to do with it. I'll be waiting anon
Stab yourself in the eye with the edge of the board
Do it!
nothing, just check em ;)
oc it til it melts
Come on!

This
Roll
its okay il' try again
mix cum with mayo, use as thermal paste and try to boot it up
Cum on it and post pics
Ayyy roll
give it to me free with free S&H
It doesn't meet the minimum requirements (64MB Ram).Kek, reroll for this.
Take a big fat shit on it. Then stomp on it. Stupid fuck.
Run it with no heatsink.
cum on it, and record it for all of us
Foreskin around anything that'll fit
jack off and record it
do it OPsmash it to pieces
please?
see if it will fit in ur anus faggot op
poop on it
Warm the tip of ur weener on the bare cpu
Winrar
win
WINRAR
Holy shit time to deliver, dumbass OP
Disappointing level of creativity here, but a winner none the less.

Shitpost on guts threads
hahahahahahha
fuck off
I agree,  is a much better idea.

It doesn't
Smash it
You don't really expect me to fit that in my ass, do you ?
install dos 6.22install Whiplashplay until your fingers breakthen install gentoo
Throw a K6-2 on that bitch, install GNU/Linux on it and shitpost on 4chan.
W I N R A RINRAR
No but I expect you to try.
You could always send it to meinstead! I love old computers and will take good care of it.
Cum on it
Thats museum ware if i've ever seen one
nice leet get
i have't played that in ages
Find a flaw. Protip: you can't.
Android

Honestly, coming from a Galaxy user, I'm debating switching over to an Xperia once my contract is over. Those phones are fucking gorgeous.

>can't read the Sony logo on the middle phone Now how will people know that I'm more technologically knowledgeable than them :(


Only issue I'm experiencing with my z1 is that the touchscreen doesn't work properly with sweaty/wet hands, but awesome phone. Z1 is the best phone ive ever had
>buying anything sonyWhen will people learn?
explain yourself
runs Sailfish OS and Ubuntu Touch too
>back magically destroys itself
Actually this happened to me yesterday.. I laid it softly on my mouse pad and when I lifted it up, it was broken
xXxKUSH420ROMMMxXx from XDA has less bugs than sailfish on non native hardware.
Square design looks like shit, and it's very uncomfortable to hold in hand compared to curved phones like Moto G/X, HTC M8.
>I like men
glass sandwich phones were a mistake
i love sony but no ios apps = dealbreaker
gr8 b8 m8
shutter button is beyond disgusting (even the one on the lumia 520 makes it look like shit). screen is ew. and I don't really see any reason to why it's a good phone.
>glass back, non removable battery, non repairable.Shit phone.LG G4 is miles better
Better liking men than liking Sony
That was fast.
Windows phone is an even bigger botnet
It's not an iPhone.
And this is not reddit
How's life being gay?
These are the worst phones - my work has gone through 10 out of the 16 we bought from breaks and cracked screens.
lol
Kill self
What iOS apps Android doesn't have? I'm sure there are plenty of apps resembling their functionality in case devs haven't ported it for Android.
After the random screen/back cracks probably the second biggest flaw

Maybe you should be careful instead you retardThis has literally never happened to me
Do you think the Z3+ will have addressed these issues?

I thought the same but it grew on me and now I find it more comfortable
ZenFone 2 still better
The glass is too delicate, I've replaced the digitizer twice already.
Worst marketing strategy all Android phones.Poor commercial performance will eventually lead to Sony selling Xperia like they did with Vaio, specially now that Xperia is not only their only product that is in the red and also THE sole reason for sony's negative FY reports for two years in a row. If Kaz had pulled the plug on Sony Mobile a couple years ago Sony would've actually be a profitable company by now. Don't expect that division to last longer because I don't think Kaz will be able to handle investor pressure for long anymore.
Can't find any fails. Sent from my Z1C.  I'm new in Xperia land.
The only thing i dont like about them is the relatively small screen size percentage. Hope they improve that at least a bit with the Z5
don't upload to lolliprop if you know what's good for you bro
What port is that?
Too similar to my Z3.Not worth upgrading plus battery life takes a small hit. I literally just came back from work (left my house at 7 am) and 10 hours later, the battery is 82% on my Z3.
I never had this. I sometimes use my Z3 caseless and there are no cracks.
>port covers that become flimsy and looks like it'll tear apart after few weeks of use>overheating processor causing glass back to crack on its own>shitty software causing random lags
Lag? Mine is pretty smooth.The last device I used that was an absolute lagfest was the Galaxy S3.
Meanwhile I've had mine for like 3 months and not a single issue.
>phone falls from my hands in concrete facing screen>there is no hope now>screen is fine>back has a new spider webwhy
Different glass types? I think the front is Gorilla Glass while the back is something else.
It's not a Z3c
Come on OP, I like the xperia line, especially after the z3, but don't get shilly
infact i found some apps with functionality on android without working alternative for ios
Have Z3CLike:- the looks- size (perfect)- camera- speed- battery- magnetic charging port- camera button/power buttonDislike:- touchscreen has issues with start/end of touch event- earpiece/call quality not the best, sounds thin, not really loud- back slippery as fuck, would prefer plastic to glass but easily fixed with screen protector film- much bloat, takes few hours of work to freeze unnecessary shit
all good here
Clear back glass?
the original Z
yea, I took the white glass off and just scraped the paint off. Coulldn't do it on the nfc circuit at the top though
Looks interesting. If I ever break glass on mine will order new and scrape paint off.Reminds me of old clear case Palm Pilots.
I had a z3. I had it in my pocket when i was at work. I work as a line lead at a company that makes dialyzers. My job is basically to align, maintain, and repair machinery on a daily basis so that it runs properly. Somewhat like maintenance, but only on a single line over the course of a shift and with a different set of goals.Anyhoo, i was laying in the conveyor belt to get a good grip on a bolt so i could replace a part. My phone was in my front pocket at the time and when i stood up, it had shattered on both the screen and the back side, as well as bent slightly across the middle, like those iphone 6 pictures.I am not some huge landwhale of a man, im only 150lbs.Its a damn shame because that phone was awesome. It multitasked like a champ, never crashed, had a beatiful screen, and sony's overlay is fairly lightweight compared to the llikes of samsung and the piece of shit lg cheapo im currently posting from.I miss that phone, but considering the present state of sony's phone division, i've decided against getting another. We all know their phone division is all but doomed.Seriously sucks. I've had a z1, z1s, and that z3, and aside from my z1s getting stupidly hot, i really liked those phones.
HHGGNNNNI had a Handspring and the case was slightly translucent. But circuits also looked cooler back then.
I have ordered a new one as well so when I get bored of it I can go back to a nice white one
I bought a tech21 case with my Z3 after spending $500 for the phone I'd cry like a baby if it cracked. The case looks good and has a rubbery texture it was on sale at Tmobile.
my cousin has a xperia z1, I don't know if the back is made of glass in that model but my cousin dropped it many times even on concrete and it has only little scratches
I'd really like to get a z3c but the fact that sony mobile is bankrupt holds me back tbh
>own a Z2>dropped it multple times>dents on the aluminum frame>glass completely intactAm I lucky or only newer models shatter?
probably just the newer models
>flimsy port coverDo you remember joystick brick phones of the 2007s to 2009s? yeah, people would end up fucking their joysticks in 3 months.i had one for 4 years. still worked like new before i had to buy a smartphone because, "dud, you still use a brick phone?" "wow, you know the first iPhone came out 4 years ago"So, when it comes to built quality, I don't buy this "flimsy" bullshit. Still, it's your decision whether the breakage is the phone's mistake or the user's?
>Own an Original Z>Dropped it knee height once>Cracked the screeno noesI think it's just a case of that yours hasn't dropped on a vital spot. Like hitting the very corner is a death sentence but it can definitely survive it. Just like adding a case to it will help but it wont stop it from breaking.
>Find a flaw.It is a Sony product.
Z1 owner here, Funny because I don't really care about my phone now and dropped it hard countless(around chest level and my phone fucking spinned several times in air) times but I don't see any visible damage to anywhere. I guess having a plastic case really helps.
Thinking about getting this on Verizon. Is this a good buy for Verizon network? I am reading that the glass shatters easily? I suppose I'll just need to buy a case then?
Best carrier in US aside from the bill. Another negative is that fact it'll be verizon branded. If you can live with that then I say go for it.
Had mine since release, dropped it billions of times. Guess I'm just lucky.
I was (and am) really interested in getting a Z3c but  somebody was nice enough to gift me a MI4. So I can't really justify it any more since the only benefit at this point is the smaller size.
I still have unlimited data and am not quite ready to give it up just yet. Going to pick it up next week w/ a case, cheers.
tbh the chans have many more apple shills, though a lot of it is most likely bait
>tbhWould you fuck off you underage shitters
Don't buy a Sony it will be your biggest mistake you have ever made
Lol ok :)
Why not?
Who Z Ultra here?
It's not the Galaxy S6. Every new generation of Androids feels like laggy piece of shit compared to the Exynos 7420.
If I wanted a tablet, I would call your mom.
>Sony>Glass backing>Not a natural shape for the human hand>Bloat droid, not a clean ROM>Advertised Sony logo on front of phone to remind you bought a shitty Sony phone. This is just too easy.
The pros outweigh the cons
black reporting in
are you sure you are not homosexual son ?
My headphone socket has broken on two xperias, fuck their shit.
Which xperia?
Is there any reason to get the Z3+ over the S6 Edge? They cost the same in where I live.
>Chipset    Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810kek it's going to throttle itself like a mofo.
Adobe apps.
>buying Samshit
It's not bloated, it doesn't feel cheap, it's not unreasonably expensive over a stupid gimmick and it doesn't make you look like a teenage girl.
not an iphone for starters.
>find a flawSmaller battery, more power hungry soc.Damn. I hope that p2 leak is real...... Bigass battery and edge-to-edge screen.....
Non-free botnet

KMS Services don't work anymore to crack my Win 8.1 Pro. Does anyone know a new way or just a different way that can work?
[spoiler]Install gentoo[/spoiler]
Purchase a copy of Windows 8.1
Use Microsoft Toolkit and don't update Windows after installing it.  You might also consider actually buying the software.
>don't update Windows after installing it.Not a good idea.Buy it, there are threads on reddit where Win8 Pro goes for 25$. Or wait for Win10, install pirated W7 and use OEM key to upgrade.
kmspico works fine
download windows 10 preview
i've had no trouble keepin 8.1 up to date while using microsoft toolkitoccationally windows will become suspicious as i boot it in a vm and on metal interchangably, but it goes back to "genuine" if i boot to the same one twice
>/sci/7292909>If [coding] really was a bubble then we've been waiting 60 years for it to pop.>It's not a bubble because unlike easier degrees there are only a few people born every generation that is genetically capable of doing it. No other programme has both entry requirements and drop out rates that high.Are you /g/nu/fags really that deluded?
>only a few people capable of doing itNonsense. Of course, there are far more than a "few" positions.
Wanting to learn mobile game development. What language should i learn? What programs should i use?
JavalibGDXInteliJ IDEA Community Edition
Android - javaIOS - objective CI heard apple introduced a new language for development but I don't know if it replaced objective c
Not Objective C, Swift
That's what I meant with the new language
I'm looking to replace the panel in pic related with an ips panel, and retain it's cintiq-like tablet capabilities. I'll need an ips 19" 1440 x 900 panel to replace it, unless I can find a higher resolution panel at the same ratio that will work. Is this possible? If so, how hard will it be? Will I need any adapters?Link to item.http://www.amazon.com/Monoprice-19-Inch-Interactive-Display-110707/dp/B00IACES94
Bumping for answers
Its not that easy, all these monitors have different driver boards, and its likely it wouldn't even fit in the same space. Consider it impossible and cut your losses.
The pen works with a layer that's probably permanently bonded to the screen.
The digitizer and actual monitor are separate. The digitizer portion is on top, with around 1/8" glass between it, and the panel. I saw one where someone took a regular digitizer (like a large bamboo tablet) and attached the digitizer surface to a monitor, somehow, and made one that way
i don't know about this tablet but the digitiser sits behind the screen on cintiqs. so if this one is the same you could probably replace the whole screen including controller board if you find one that's the right size.
The ThinkVision LT1423p is a 1600x900 13" IPS with a Wacom digitizer. However, it does need 2xUSB 3.0 ports.

Which email provider do you use /g/?
Gmail
Sony
Ethernet
gmailconsidering a switch to runbox or some german provider
All of em, basically.One username, @every popular provider.Also, cock.li for semi-burners/specific use. Using their airmail.cc addresses, of course.
cockli
Cockmail until I acquire the hardware to set up my own server.
escapethebot.net
I have my secretary print all my emails
Rocketmail
Just Yahoo mail. UI is decent and they actually don't sniff your emails for advertising data like Google does.Oh wait...
Gmail, openmailbox, photonmail, cock.li, riseup.netAll for different things
Gmail. Only until protonmail finishes mobile app development though. It is important to me to have that option.
HELLO. I AM USIИG THE OUTLOOK EMAIL. IT'S VEЯУ FAST, ЯELIABLE AИD EИTEЯPЯISE-ЯEADУ. THE DEFAULT SPAM FILTEЯ IS PEЯFECT. ШEB UI ШILL FUCK AИУ OTHEЯS IИ USABILITУ, DESIGИ AИD FUИCTIOИALITУ. IT ALSO HAS AИ IИTEGЯATIOИ ШITH SKУPE. SOЯЯУ FOЯ CAPS
Yahoo mail. Been using it since the late 90s, haven't bothered to change.
Kek'd
>Yahoo mail. Been using it since the late 90s, haven't bothered to change.>A U.S. judge ordered Yahoo Inc to face a nationwide class-action lawsuit accusing it of illegally intercepting the content of emails sent to Yahoo Mail subscribers from non-Yahoo Mail accounts, and using the information to boost advertising revenue.http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/27/us-yahoo-email-classaction-idUSKBN0OC22F20150527
Jews gotta jew
Niggee
*le filtered :^)

i run my own SMTP/IMAP mail server
sigaint
I use Yahoo for my website and whois.Gmail for everything important.And I reserved my name in Outlook.I dont use my domains for email because they are more likely to go down / break.
posteo.de for real stuffcock.li for other shit
Feels good man
>pirating an IDEWell, you'll probably get what's coming to you
Why pirate visual studio?  They have a free version, and you can find legit 2013 ultimate keys online with a simple google search
Upload Ratio: 0.082I don't have my ratios set at nothing for uploads but Australia cant into the internet of things anyway so I don't bother trying to seed at a massive 20kbps
>K-ON! Allok>VB 2013>piratingWHAT ?!
I use a seedbox for my downloads connected to ethernet. It runs linux without a desktop environment, my laptop has shit speed
>he thinks I was referring to copyright risk
Explain ... why do you need to pirate it, if there is a free version ?Are there some features you need only in the "paid" one ?

hey /g/ newfag hereI'm 18 starting college in a few months and my end goal is to be a lowly codemonkey. I took a C++ class my senior year of high school and I really enjoyed it. Writing code is really relaxing to me, it takes a while but I feel like I could do it for a long time. So since I've already gotten involved, what would be the best next step? I was planning on going for a software engineering degree but that seems like overkill, I don't want to be special I just want to be a sad little codemonkey. Any tips on what to study in college, what kind of jobs to apply for, etc etc?
le code monkey XD
try or
are you a dumb nigger? Codemonkeys get outsourced to china and india. Just look at job openings at any big company, where basic 'c++ programmer' like positions are hired in delhi n shit. get your SE degree and don't be a little code monkey bitch. you'll be doing programming in your classes and hopefully by the end of it you'll realize how tedious it actually is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCkuCGHDbaQlearn this song on acoustic guitar and play it on your local college campusit will get you in the mindset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Wy7gRGgeA
Never aim to be a codemonkey, it may be tempting due to payment but schedule sucks.Programming is enjoyable and it makes you wanna do more of it, but being a codemonkey forces you to write inefficient code for time's sake and code stuff that you won't really enjoy and from 9 to 5.Rather go and practice, make a portfolio and freelance with projects that seem interesting to you.
Applications starting when the OS starts by default should be illegal.
lel
>even having applications installed by default on your OSTop cock
just turn it off. the box is right there faggot
>using an os
You're dumb
The fact that it's turned on by default is the issueThe only things that should start when the OS starts are basic services needed to run it, but every application these days wants to start when the OS starts.Also, applications don't respect the X button anymore.  I don't know who decided that the close button should no longer close the application, but instead minimize it, but they need to be shot.  There's a button for that already.  And now I can't even be sure I've closed applications once I've 'closed' them.
>


>
THIS! Explorer.exe should be the first app on the list, OP. Ban that shit from executing.
have any of you successfully implemented iBGP and eBGP with openbgpd? pic obviously related
Hello /g/. Not sure if this is the right board, but to be honest I have no idea which board would be right for this.Here's the story: a friend of mine received this item by mail from a Shanghai address. The envelope has various stickers and stuff in Chinese, so it appears legitimate. The mail was sent to him specifically, even including his mobile phone number. This was the only item in the envelope, and it's made of some kind of metal. So, the question is: what the hell is this thing?
Looks like a "finger ornament" for edgy kids
yeeeeees
Battle armor for your dong
install gentoo
Given the circumference of the rings I conclude it to be some manner of chinese cock torture device.
it's a decoy to distract you from the cutting-edge biological weapon that came in the same envelopebet you didn't even notice the almost microscopic powder that fell out when you tore it opennice knowing you, OP, you've got maybe three days to live
just online translate the chinese and find out
it appears to be some kind of copper coin.
There's no description, only a Shanghai return address and a bunch of Chinese mail stickers on the envelope.
I'm going to kill my fucking self!
It's the Cinderella slipper of cock rings. You must now travel to China and find the one chinaman with a cock that fits perfectly.
kek
Do you suppose there could be any way to translate those strange hieroglyphs on it?
Kek'd hard
Post the envelope, nailbiter
>/x/
czech fags at 4chan receiving shit from chinks, hahaha
česká koruna brno kokot kurva
It looks like a czech koruna
Looks similar to a Czech 10 Korun. Could be wrong tho.
Dentist hereLooks too old to identify.
Gentoos?
Tell him to save it and pass it down to his son.
zoncna nam rumpluje ........
>/r/
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Black-Joint-Hinged-Full-Finger-Knuckle-Armor-Double-Finger-Ring-Punk-Rock-Cool-/390443582878
Well, this solves this half of the mystery. Thanks m8.
Mystery solved.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/like/231261223301?lpid=82&chn=ps
Oh fuck, I'm late
>cutting edge>literally just the spores of a bacteria people name metal bands afterwew lad
but seriously is this shit autogenerated
What? Gentoo just works.  It took me all of 20 seconds to find what that was with Gentoo's advanced search algorithms.  All it took was an image search
Shouldnt you be compiling instead of shitposting?
Why do you think I have a laptop?
where is all the marmelade?
You thought of everythingyou win this round
right next to you
so, anon, how drunk were you when you bought it?
more to the point, what sort of faggot would buy something like this and actually wear it?
Seems a little extreme, just calm down, breath and try to enjoy life.
it's a collar for an ant, so you can take them for a walk
This
>Punk Rock Cool>Coolwell i don't think it's very cool.
Well if I bought it I'd wear it. Depending on how it fit it might actually improve the damage from my punch and look kinda cool. No I'm not 12, it really does look cool. Though I do go for chicks with alternative hairstyles like mohawks and dyed hair, so my taste is not mainstream. I find this unfortunate, but not a whole lot I can do about it.
looks like plate mail finger armor. I'm sure it will make the ladies swoon.
ah the ol' reddit switcheroo
>http://www.ebay.com/itm/Black-Joint-Hinged-Full-Finger-Knuckle-Armor-Double-Finger-Ring-Punk-Rock-Cool-/390443582878What kind of mongoloid makes these URLs?Fuck
>just online translate the chinese and find outkek
U wot m8?
>generic, ancient joke>HURR DURR ITS FROM REDDITkill yourself
When installing something that might be infected, the dangerous stuff is usually installed alongside with the program/game/etc. but in a different folder, yes?Would installing stuff in a VM and then copying the folder to the host guarantee it to be virus free?I know registry entries won't be carried over, but most stuff manages without them.

So is this one going to be 144hz or 60hz?Anybody know?
Yeah, I think so
No, I doubt it
30Hz should be enough for anybody.
http://www.lg.com/au/it-monitors/lg-27MU67Serious kit for serious gamers. LG’s Gaming Monitors allows you to chose your mode and benefit from 144Hz frame rate, 1ms response times with Motion240 Mode or with LG’s Black Stabiliser Mode to give you better visibility in dark scenes. Plus, with our built-in Game Pad, customisable Game Mode settings, and adjustable stand, you can create your preferred environment for gaming – on the screen and in your room. Browse our newest gaming monitor, as well as our latest IT accessories – and take your gaming to a whole new level.
So is this an error, or correct?Because IPS 4K 144 hz and 1ms sounds like an instant buy at that price
Why?
I don't care about ubuntu, I can always change that to debian. I just want to know if anyone on /g/ has owned one of their products? Is their build quality any good?
Desktops are good. I only read about problems when it comes to their laptops. If buying a laptop find the Thinkpad general thread.

ok /g/, objectively, what is the best smartphone at the moment?No restrictions, no opinions, no shills, facts.
iPhone 6
i would say your mom but she isn't smart
S6 Edge
...or a phone?
no she talks up everyone
did you even watch the google keynote today?apple got rekt
k
What would you do different than this scrublord?
I would fuck you hard in the ass.
what do you mean? they do basically everything they can with what they have. they even use those premium sites which no one on /g/ would pay for (like spokeo)
Pretty much.I think the only thing they could do different is perhaps look at exif data but that seems like it would be boring TV.
most social sites strip exif datawe had a discussion like this in one my CS classes and someone said that they should make a website, send them a link, and then get their location from their connection. it would probably give them an area or even a house if they got lucky.
>not sending them a link to a virus and then taking over their webcam to confirm their identityimagine how edgy that would be. it could be called "black fish" :^)
not use an iPhone
Most other valve games I play freeze for a couple of seconds. do any of you know how to fix this problem?
>/v/
Could be CPU, GPU or RAM. Lockups happen for a variety of reasons. Try running MemTest86, making sure your RAM isn't faulty, then run some CPU/GPU benchmarks afterwards and see which quits on you first.You also might not have enough power being supplied to your PC. What kind of PSU do you have, and what hardware?
my psu is 330 watt
>Most other valve games I playso which one doesn't freeze?
snip benign line of code from game that doesn't freeze, insert into benign location in game that does freeze, boot up game and run it for a few weeks straight, gently easing it into things. start a lowest res and just stay on main menu for the first few days. After a few weeks the antifreeze properties from your transplanted code will begin to propagate in your previously defective game. results may vary but this is how more secure and stable programming is born
csgo
What are you trying to run?
just garry's mod, payday 2, tf2, and css

How did we go from this...
TO THIS?
To this?
To this?And...
To this?
this?
because if I find that in your closet I won't know you're gay unless it's rainbow colored
Seriously, those were all the same company once
Technology would be much more fun if some companies had stayed with their "we're not really a company" logo

Canon's old logo is awesome.http://www.usa.canon.com/cusa/about_canon?pageKeyCode=pressreldetail&docId=0901e02480cd2a07
How does /g/ feel about Ruby on Rails?
I haven't heard of this Ruby fellow sir.Is he an electric?
maintained by a jap that has no patience for the needs of the the international development community?I don't know for sure, someone fact check me.
I'm using it now.Its a nice little framework.I don't have much rails expertise under my belt so I'm in the process of learning.Setting it up is kind of a bitch, but once you get over that wall it's pretty good.
That's just ruby dumbfuck.
>Setting it up is kind of a bitchLiterally the reason I stopped programming.Fuck that shit.
what's /g/'s stack of choice?I fell for the MEAN fad and it turned out to be shit except for silly pet projects
yep, still wouldn't fuck with it then. Might as well work something that isn't know for scaling issues.
win32 + visual basic
I prefer Django since I prefer Python but I've used Rails before and it's fine.  Done a few projects in Flask and Sinatra too but unless you're just providing a minimal API cobbling together the necessary libraries to provide the functionality that Rails/Django gives you out of the box is just a waste of time.
had some nice impactis unnecessary now
It's pretty nice, but I feel Play / Lift, Django and more are just better.Not because of Ruby, by the way. I prefer Ruby over Python, for instance (though not over Scala).
It enables people who don't know what they're doing to do just enough to cause problems with.
Scaling is almost always solved by caching and optimizing database queries and database clustering.  Using a language/framework that gets you a few hundred more requests per second on a single box doesn't mean much in the vast majority of cases.  You've never had "scaling" problems though anyways.
> Lift in 2015You might want to stop posting.
Based on what?It's not worse than Rails, it got more production users in 2014/15, it got releases. Works fine.
Topkek
It IS pretty goddamned discouraging.I'm pressing on though. I'd encourage you to as well if I knew you.
I love Ruby as a language and Rails is great for a lot of standard web projects. By that I mean, either as rendering HTML with page reloads, or as an API backend for a big JavaScript SPA. That said, if you don't like Ruby as a language, don't use Rails. Every language nowadays has its Rails-like, feature-for-feature clone, even in languages where it's not really appropriate.Also this: . Scaling is not a simplistic conversation, nor is it easily generalized from project to project.
None of the Android apps for Global Audio Equalizers, ex DSP Manager, are functional. They now have NO affect on audio, save for volume despite following pr admin's advice. Trying to get one of my tools back. Not the only one. So, Droid, what is the deal?
How did this ged here I am not that good at computer.
>943 advertisements>943 MOTHERFUCK ADVERTISEMENTS!!!Fuck you Google!Thank you dev of uBlock.
huehuehue
Wrong image. HUEHUEHUThis is a correct:


My wireless mouse is skipping with the dongle in the front port.I want a usb hub I can mount on/in my desk, but I don't understand how bandwidth and power works. Every hub I see uses one USB connection to the PC, wouldn't it be better to use more?Using USB 3.0. Also my mouse stops working when I plug by 32GB flash drive in the front port with it. Is there not enough power for both devices? I thought they juiced USB 3.0?
How do I take my personal, home server and put it into space via orbital satellite? Is such a thing even possible if I don't have millions of dollars? I would need to be able to access it at all times.Serious question.
Bump.
> if I don't have millions of dollarsIt's in the order of hundreds of thousands of dollars now, not millions.You need to make one of those:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CubeSat
This is helpful, thank you!
You'd buy space on someone else's space launch. It'd still cost a lot but less than launching your own.
PS: Wouldn't it be easier to just have a data connection going across an existing sat if the ground-based connection doesn't work, rather than to have the server up in space?
Would it really though?
What kind of communication technologies might one use to access a webserver directly in space. Wouldn't it be nice to put an imageboard up there so even in an apocalypse those with the right equipment can shitpost?
Rocket engineer here, yes it would. Rockets are hard, they blow up all the time, especially new ones. For one launch, you'd be best off renting mass on an existing lifter to get the economy of scale.
That'd be neat.I see. Thank you.
https://satnogs.org
http://www.geekwire.com/2015/bill-nyes-solar-powered-satellite-launch-a-success/
What do you think is the current overall best internet browser?>Windows only version.
pcxFF
I think it's Firefox.I never seen any other browser run as fast as it.
The plebs will say FF.The nubs will say Chrome.But the real winner is Opera.
It's just a fucking browser.
pale moon. firefox without the shit. even their fucking android beta has less bugs than chromium, firefox, or fennec fdroid. thats right, backspace actually stops when you tell it to. i have never tried chrome though, but i only use foss software so that wont happen either way.

Pale Moon
so internet explorer is your choice?
Firefox, it's FOSS, has tons of addons, has tons of variants for your needs, is fast and doesn't hide important settings from the user
>nubs will say chrome>the real winner is a chromium forkGr8 b8 m8 I r8 8/88
All the current popular browsers are fucking jokesI liked firefox before the australis thing and the bloat.I dont have a favorite browser now, I use pale moon for my lewd purposes and sometimes use chrome when I just need compatibility shit like WebGL, i wouldn't ever use chrome for private stuff, knowing the botnet it is
It's unfortunate that HTTPS Everywhere is only available on the popular ones.
>Windows onlyIE is basically your only choice, unless you're counting browsers that nobody's heard ofFF is cross platformChrom* is cross platformSafari is OS X only, unless you want to run an unsupported version from three years ago
Wintards don't deserve good things.
And yet we have all the good things
Keep believing that, Wintard.
ie 8
Netscape Navigator
xD
He meant comparing them only on the Windows platform, asshat.
And he was retarded to make such a statement, since only a retard would use the Windows platform.
I would say Pale Moon. It's just Firefox without all the shit that people generally hate about Firefox. Consequently, it uses much less memory.If you don't need any kind of extension support, then Dooble and QupZilla are honorable mentions. I think they have some basic extendability like ad-blocking, but nothing else.
Presto Opera. If you don't want something so dated, then Chromium.
I make that statement because wanted or not Windows is still the largest OS in the consumer market.I'm installing Pale Moon right now, was using Chrome but I suddenly noticed that it was using about 4.7GB of ram....
This
This. Cyberfox is fine too. FF Dev edition with e10s is acceptable if the addons you use work with it. Everything else is garbage.
I assume you spend your free time ricing out your OS?
chromium - chrome beta/devbecause of it's superior sync functionality, and natural hate for java/flash and oracle/macromedia.It used to be firefox but now its changed so goddamn much with all this useless bloated bullshit it isnt even funny.I mean, ads... really firefox?

>can't even load YouTube without hanging>a good browser Pick one
vivaldi
>I mean, ads... really firefox?They put ads in the browser now?  Oh wow.I'm trying to use Pale Moon but I can't even seem to use FF Addons.  Vanilla Chromium is a nice lightweight browser, but the lack of customization is a bit bothersomeBut Id rather have a good browser with a plain UI that cant be changed then one with a customizable UI but a ton of unnecessary stuff in it like an IM client and such
Egde because that name is cool.
Most FF addons work, also:https://addons.palemoon.org/extensions/all-extensions/
Firefox 28
No shit, retard.
IE because its the only one that doesnt block the java applet on netacad
Have anyone actually been using Edge?
>Used opera once
This, comfortably. /g/ is too full of normie plebs to have considered it though.
maybe.  chrome runs fast as shit for me.  i love firefox, i do.  but the crashing of plug-ins in fucking annoying.
Why would anyone use a featureless piece of shit like Safari? If you're not Firefox or Opera master race you should kill yourself.
apple faggets will use anything made by crapple, even iShit™
Firefox master race reporting in.Apple sucks,so does their browser.
>iShitWhat product is that, exactly?
>all those DROPPED fields in OperaI wanna spit in the face of every cuck who participated in killing old Opera.
>I wanna spit in the face of every cuck who participated in killing old Opera.You'd be right to do so. Not sure what they were thinking, pruning out all their differentiating features only to become FirefoxLite.
All of them
Always used Safari, always will.It just works, and im not a sperg who needs a bazzilion plugins so he can browse chinese cartoon boards
This chart is false internet explorer used to be developed for osx
but not "Edge"This was the worst thing ever. I mean, I get that not everyone needs a web suite with e-mail composer and so on, but why did they remove so many unique features? I still miss proper tab stacking today...
Opera was the shit man, i remember having to use really bad 3g in the middle of nowhere, and it increasing the speed like 3x at least.
The fuck is wrong with your font rendering, OP? Especially capital M's.
The only problems I have with it is that it doesn't run muh 4chanX and that it is OS X exclusive.
>it just worksThe others also just work, but they also can do some more.
>no speeddial on ffchart is old and disregarded.
This is still possible though
Here, OP, I fixed your pic.
thanks
>Adblocking without addon>yes addon
It's the best mac browser by far and gets really good battery life. it has everything i need. and it syncs everything to iOS safari
Here is the new version. I still didn't include addons, because, I mean, you pointed out a lot of Firefox addons, but I'm sure there are also Chrome/Opera addons for most of those. Plus, Edge will support Firefox addons as well.
>Plus, Edge will support Firefox addons as well.[citation needed]
Lack of ad blocking is truly the one thing that infuriates me when using my iPad.  Pisses me off on my nexus 4 too, but at least there are options there even if they are pretty shitty (chrome android has no addons apparently?  and firefox does but it runs like dogshit on n4).
http://www.theverge.com/2015/4/29/8515771/microsofts-edge-browser-supports-chrome-and-firefox-extensionskind of
>I still didn't include addons, because, I mean, you pointed out a lot of Firefox addons, but I'm sure there are also Chrome/Opera addons for most of those.For a few, perhaps, but definitely not for most, due to the limits of Webkit.
The official statement was only about Chrome extensions, Firefox extensions are only mentioned in clickbait articles from shitty news websites.
Why do we still have to pay for internet?Would it be feasible for people to just generate it themselves?
You missed the stupid questions thread.No, I'm not going to link to it.
If it's a stupid question then surely it should be simple for you to answer :^)
The answer is No, and Fuck off.
Why though
yes i would love to be able to generate my internet.
How the fuck do you expect to 'generate' the internet?
the internet would be slow and unreliable as shit
brb gonna go generate some free internet :^)
http://www.guru3d.com/news-story/flagship-intel-skylake-s-core-i7-6700k-cpu-benchmarked.html>Skylake only 5% faster than HaswellDid we reach the limits of what CPUs can do?
You reached the limit of Intel's jewdaism
we are not even close buddy
It's because of AMD being literally cancer in the CPU market,they are not releasing anyting that can compete against Intel,why improve then?
no, intel just doesn't give a fuck about increasing raw performance when they don't need to. cost per transistor and energy cost per FLOPS is more important
Skylake only 5% faster than HaswellMore like 8%,still though I was excited for Skylake...and no I'm not.
Who here will ride their 2500k/2600k till 2020? I know I will.
this and thisPlease AMD do something please
Those benchmarks are fake and already been debunked
still got a core 2 duo breh
>Who here will ride their 2500k/2600k till 2020? I know I will.I still love my 2500k running 24/7 at 4.5Ghz.Not going to upgrade anytime soon m9.
>Those benchmarks are fake and already been debunkedSource?

Official Intel® documents. Trust me, goy.
In 2016 Intel is going to get absolutely destroyed by AMD with Zen if this is true.
They haven't increased with more than  5% since Wendy Bridge, and for over lockers with wasn't until Devil's Canyon that performance was any higher than what they already had if the nought a 2500k or 2600K since they could easily be OCd to 5 GHz or even higher sometimes.
Anyone else still see no need to upgrade from their i5-2500k?
>In 2016 Intel is going to get absolutely destroyed by AMD with Zen if this is true.Looks like what you are saying checks out:http://wccftech.com/amd-zen-featured-summit-ridge-family-14nm-processors-rumored-feature-fm3-socket-support-ddr4-memory-compatiblity/>16 cores,much stronger and efficienter than FX-8350>95 watt TDPMUHHHHHH DIIIIICCCCCCKKKKK
LOL it won't be even close to sandy bridge
>Did we reach the limits of what CPUs can do?No,there's just no competition.
same. the only thing it cant do is playback above 1080p which is fine as i dont have a higher res display. for everything else i do it is fine.
>buy 2500k five years ago>still no reason to upgrade
>clickbait
i don't think you know what cancer means.
>intel shills trying to bullshit about skylake being the next core 2>5% ipc AGAINyou silly goyim got screwed again, year of the zen will be so much more satisfying
Maybe TDP will be a shitton lower since it's baked on 14nm?
Wait for Zen™
in other words completely useless for any sort of enthusiast setup
I plan on doing that with my 3570k, fuck upgrading anymore, only the GPU and that will end pretty quicky
This.Feels pretty good, actually.It's getting to the point where I'll need to upgrade for things like PCI Express and storage bandwidth before I'll need to do it for my CPU.
>Intel desperately trying to gain foothold in the mobile space>can't because their chips aren't quite good enoughHurp, dat Intel must be leaving tons of performance on the table because there's just no competition!
Intel has been nothing but dissapointment since 2500k,fuck this.
>goyim will defend this.
Skylake only 5% faster than HaswellBut that would make it slower than Broadwell.
>implying broadlel is faster than haslel
I have 4670K, life is pain, I can't cake my 3rd and 4th cores be stable at 4.5, I can get 2 out of 4 cores to 4.5 with asynchronous OC.i don't want to rise voltage any higher, I already hit 80C in Prime on my Scythe2.
Spouting memes without knowing the actual meaning of goyim
Still running 2500k and no upgrade in sight.
Next upgrade from my 2500k is going to be Zen. I knew Intel were going downhill when they released ivy
>no OC numbers>one nonsensical benchmark that doesn't show the big pictureAbsolutely useless thread link OP
What kind of a fucking retard want to upgrade from Haswell to Skylake anyway? You must be stupid to upgrade after 1 generation. At least wait for Canonlake if you are using Haswell.
B-BUT MUH NEW ARCHITECTUREMUH 14NMMUH NEXT CONROELOOKhttp://wccftech.com/intels-broadwell-skylake-uarch-transition-big-prescott-conroe/LOOK
>What kind of a fucking retard want to upgrade from Haswell to Skylake anyway?People are still waiting for Intel to release something good enough to upgrade to from Sandy Bridge, looks like they'll have to wait for Cannonlake
It's no surprise if the competition only adds more cores to stupid designs.
>MUH 14NMI was holding faith unto this......sigh.
I'm not saying I'm sympathetic toward intel but you guys with the 2500k should realize that my i73615QM is equal to your 2500k in every way at a lower clock speed on my laptop. Mobile is where the improvements are happening.
As if anyone who cares about the desktop gives a shit about mobile crap.
Two generations, mate. The fact that Broadwell's release got fucked doesn't change that.
>Mobile is where the improvements are happening.Probably because Intel are terrible in this department
I completely forgot about Broadwell's existence.
well i care, i only use laptops. I wish there was a powerful AMD cpu that could give me the same battery life. I would switch.
maybe people really want to use DDR4 RAM.
Honestly I couldn't tell the differences between using DDR3 and DDR4.
Leldozer was close to sandy bridge and that was a piece of shit
>maybe people really want to use DDR4 RAM.Won't change much,apart from the amount of money in your wallet.
I don't think Intel gains anything from really high-speed RAM. At least now.Hey, I bet some people are already jumping on a hype train. I know my friend is waiting out his upgrade, just to get Skylake with DDR4 and new generation of GPU.
TDP actually matters in mobile.
>I know my friend is waiting out his upgrade, just to get Skylake with DDR4 and new generation of GPU.nothing wrong with that
Can they really make new die shrinks under 10 (or 7) nm with sillicon? I think it's physically impossible.
I agree, but he's way too hyped for DDR4.
You shouldn't.DDR4 is most likely a bit slower then DDR3 right now.DDR3 was slower then DDR2 on release.
>I agree, but he's way too hyped for DDR4.Why would anyone be hyped for DDR4?
I don't know. But he refused to get anything, but DDR4 mobo, he even though about buying Haswell-E, just to get DDR4 support.I bet it's a new shiny and he's interested in it. DDR4 will be a good choice in a long run, I remember buying DDR2 sticks when DDR3 became mainstream, shit was expensive.
I am in this situation.Have my good ol' 2500k at 4.5 and was waiting for a tangible performance increase (new features of a modern chipset)Seems like I'll wait another year. Spending 500 € for a 15 % CPU performance increase is not worth it for me.
If you compare massively overclocked DDR3 to stock DDR4.
Of course they can, theoretically they could go as low as one silicon atom, which is somewhere near 0.1nm. But keep in mind that these specifications are more a rule of thumb, one transistor isnt REALLY 7/10/14/16 nm. Unfortunately research cost are rising faster than the actual performance gain, so we might hit a barrier in the near future.
I've read somewhere that at around 5nm, some quantum effects begin to jump in and fuck shits up.
Im happy that there are people like him, we need the early adopters, someone has to start buying new stuff, besides DDR4 isnt even too expensive.
>Did we reach the limits of what CPUs can do?no intel are just massive jewbag scum that milk obsolete arch for all its worth because they have had a defacto monopoly for the last several yearswhen Zen releases Intel will immediately release a new chip with a 6-7ghz clock
>6-7ghz clockCan't wait for the 500W INTEL HOUSEFIRE
Seeing this shit, I wish Carrizo came to the desktop... looks marvelous in laptops. Can't wait for Zen.
Intel doesn't really care about desktop. They're more or less interested in Servers and they're especially interested in mobile segment, they're losing money on mobile chips, but continue to pour more money into them.
Thats terrible did they at least get power consumption down by 30-40%? Cause that would make it okay I guess.
http://browser.primatelabs.com/geekbench3/compare/2628863?baseline=2614473Carrizo already kicking ass, just wait for Zen.
>tfw i5-2500k at 4.7 GHz with a Hyper 212 Evo that only costs 30 bucksWhy would anyone upgrade from this?
Intel is probably hitting the limits of what their PIII based architectures can do. That's not the same thing as reaching the hard limits on CPU power, it just means that for dramatic gains intel would have to try something new instead of rehashing the same old thing a million times.
did they at least get power consumption down by 30-40%? Not for desktops,small chance they did for mobile.
>Why would anyone upgrade from this?What else am I going to do with all that fucking money I saved?
144Hz IPS monitor(s) 2 390X or 980TiOne of those new Intel PCIe SSDscustom waterloop
Purchase a few SSDs to put in RAID. That'll make a bigger difference than in real-life usage than a newer CPU.
>fucking up latencyno thanks
>One of those new Intel PCIe SSDsThis. Assuming your motherboard supports it, an Intel 750 SSD as your boot drive would be neat.
>Intel 750 SSD>2200mb/s read speedIs Samshit even trying?
"Samshit"'s M.2 SSD has similar speeds in a much smaller form factor.
>comparing PCIe to SATAAre you even trying?
I'm not sure if half the read speed qualifies as similar, not that you'd ever notice a difference during normal use.
>smaller form factor>both are M.2 form factorseriously?
Nigger, please.https://www.techpowerup.com/211750/samsung-now-producing-industrys-first-m-2-nvme-pcie-ssd-for-the-pc-market.html>The new NVMe-based SM951 SSD achieves sequential data read and write performance up to 2,260 megabytes per second (MB/s) and 1,600 MB/s, respectively>When it comes to random read operations, the SM951-NVMe can process 300,000 IOPS
The SM951 has better read speeds than the 750. The 750 stomps it in writes and latency, though.>both are M.2 form factorNo they're not.
Ah, I was looking at the older model
>AHCI vs NVMe >AHCI loses in latency and random loadDURR no shit
>my mobo doesn't have M2 slotFuck.
5% on 5% year after yearyour 2500k is 30% slower than the equivalent chip today
samsung has shit latency across their SSD modelsit's funny
>AHCI loses in latency and random loadThe SM951 wins in random reads too. Just not writes in either department. Latency is obviously because of NVMe, while the difference in write speeds speaks to the 750's server hardware heritage.
You can get an adapter card and stick it in a regular PCIe slot.
Ivy(5%) -> Haswell(5%) -> Broadlel(0%) -> Skylake(5%)Your math's shit.
The 850 Pro has best in class latency for SATA SSDs.
How many lanes does it require? Normal PCI slot wont work i guess?
>pronobody buys thoseeverybody is getting EVO's and keep recommending them
Irrelevant statistics without showing the power consumption.For all we know those 5% could come with a 99% decrease in power consumption and be literally the biggest advancement in technology ever, or not.
>samsung has shit latency across their SSD modelsI don't see how your allegations about what people buy are relevant to this.
PCI and PCIe aren't even the same physical slotsDon't mix them up.
3.0 x4 to be optimal, though you could probably get away with 3.0 x2 or 2.0 x4
Intel focuses on power reduction so they can move into the mobile markets. Performance is irrelevant, and lets be honest, it more or less peaked for general use with a64.
TDP's for Skyshit are 95W Bigger than Haswell, and certainly bigger than Broadlel
When will they finally improve single core performance. This is so ridiculous, at this point intel is just allowing AMD to have a bit of market share.There is no competition in the consumer CPU market.
Time to bring back netburst from the grave.And make the bibeline even longer.220tdp as a start.
>Did we reach the limits of what CPUs can do?no, we reached a situation where one company has a de facto monopoly on CPUs. AMD hasn't been able to really compete with intel in terms of performance since the first Core i series, and the gap only got larger each generation.Now, why would intel make expensive new chips, when slight improvements on the older ones will still be more powerful than what the 'competition' has to offer?There's simply no reason for them to do. As much as people hate intel for all their bullshit, if you want a laptop cpu that doesn't suck your battery dry like a thai hooker sucks your cock, or a desktop CPU with proper performance, you have to buy intel.This is the future we choose...
>tfw fell for moar coresoh well, my 1090T (hexacore Phenom II) is still fast enough for my purposes, so I'll just use that till it goes up in smoke
2500kfags have to be the most obnoxious shits on /g/. Yes, it was a god tier CPU at the time, but every i5 iteration has been better. Why would I it when the 4590k exists?On another note, Zen please deliver. If you can destroy whatever Skylake-E brings out, that would be swell to all of us.
>16 core Zen AMD CPU>Much stronger per core performance>95w TDP>Directx 12 around the corner that'll utilize more CPU coresWill AMD save us from these shitty 5% Intel chip upgrades?I personally hope so.
>16 coresthat's all fine and dandy, too bad that most end-user applications only use 2-4 cores at mostAMD really needs to get their single core performance up
No-one is saying that you should get 2500k, just that if you already have one, there's very little reason to upgrade.
Im aware of that, but since i would need an adapter card anyway, i could get one for one of my PCI slots, because both of my PCIe slots are pretty much hidden by my graphics card
>AMD really needs to get their single core performance upZen will have significantly better per core performance.
>2500kfags have to be the most obnoxious shits on /g/. Yes, it was a god tier CPU at the time, but every i5 iteration has been better. Why would I it when the 4590k exists?Spotted the deluded consumerist.
Nigger I have a 2500k.
>ignificantly better per core performanceI want to Bayleef
All non jews will defend this?  Do you even know the meaning of the shit you sprout here?
FIVE %IVE%
At least 5% is 3 times of 1.7
5 is still more than 3.5 :^)
2500k is the goat of cpus. Just because newer stuff is 5-10% faster doesn't mean shit when you had that for 3 years now.
but its not even 2x 3.5
I was planning on upgrading at skylake but it's really just because I picked a shitty motherboard back in 2011 (gigabyte p67a-ud3p) that has a garbage layout and my gpu in the top x16 slot blocks my sata ports and the bottom x8 slot blocks my front panel usb3.I'll probably not upgrade until something breaks at this point.
4 years and a little over 4 months, and the devil's canyon counterpart is only 20-25% faster clock-for-clock.
I don't want to be excited anymore. Skylake was insanely hyped and turns out to be shit. Why would AMD Zen be any different? What if it will be a failure as well?
Excuse me?
Xeon 5650 is still the best Intel CPU.Not the fastest anymore but for $80 used holy fuck, AMD is BTFO
Oh. You use Windows. Real impressive.
>WAAAAH YOU USE WINDOWSJesus fuck, grow up. Let people use whatever OS they want. Besides, you'd only bitch and cry of your flavour of Linux were to suddenly become swamped with newbies with no clue, constantly shitting up the Linux forums with clueless questions.
Trust me, they won't use CentOS, or Slackware, or SUSE, or Fedora.Ubuntu and Mint would take 95% of the damage, I'd be reaping the rewards far away from the throng of stupid.
I don't use Linux, I use OS/2.
Not sure which of you I'm aiming this to, so I'll just quote you both;Regardless of how it'd affect you really, such petty attitudes towards someone choice is childish. If I was to try and proclaim that my OS does something best (bar something like gaming on Windows) then it'd be understandable, but the sudden, unfounded aggression just because someone uses a different OS is bloody stupid.
No it's not, your OS is stupid gay nigger shit and that reflects on its user, take that faggot suck my cock dude
Why don't they just make CPU's bigger?I'm assuming that they could just cram for transistors in there, more room for stacked 3d v-ram,Larger area for i-GPU installationsI mean it's not like making a larger chipset with accompanying motherboards would be too hardCan someone please fucking tell engineers to stop making everything smaller for the placebo consumerist shitglamour?MAKE TECHNOLOGY BIGGER AGAIN! MORE ROOM TO DO SHIT, MORE ROOM FOR VIRTUAL ACTIVITIES!NIGGA I WANT A FUCK HUGE DESKTOP I CAN SIT ON AND WATCH THE BALL GAME ONI WANT A FUCKHUGE LAPTOP I CAN USE AS AN RECLINER MAKE FUCKING TECH BIGGERI AINT FIDDLING WITH SHIT-TINY FIDDLY ELECTRONICS THAT SNAP UNDER NEGATIVE JUDGEMENTI WANT FUCKING PATA CABLES CONNECTING SHIT AGAINREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!
Most consumers don't need anything faster at this point
There are limits on silicon.
>Can someone please fucking tell engineers to stop making everything smaller for the placebo consumerist shitglamour?chips are still growing you autistic faggot, but the results are diminishing
Intel gave up on innovation because AMD isn't competitive and most consumers are happy with shit tier Atoms anyway.
>broadlel>haslelcan you FUCK OFF with this shitit was never funny, its just onboxious
>He hurts the precious!
Because intel slapping a 6 core 4ghz cpu in a phone would cause they battery to die in 2 seconds
It's better than "cuck".
lel
>2500k/2600kI'm still chugging along with my i7 920...
Riding out my Phenom X6 1100T here. What a great CPU.
>130W housefire
skylel works just as well
still have my 2500k, but I'm upgrading to an i7-4790k this summer because I want to upgrade graphics to either r9 390x or 980ti
Runs at about 55C under load, which isn't bad for a six year old CPU in a country where birds burst into flames mid flight.
There's a lot of competition on the mobile front and the Atom is very quickly improving in performance. The Atom X7 is around 80% the speed of the Core M yet consumes significantly less power.The X7 will never exceed 8 watts when thrashed but Core M will spike up to 30 watts before the temperature catches up real fast.
When do they release them?I'll finally throw my shitty AMD CPU into the trash bin where it belongs!(it was a fx8150 so yeah it was a complete piece of shit)
Q3 2015
i liked Shitlake more
Is it potentially worth getting an i5 Skylake to replace my i5-750?
>that most end-user applications only use 2-4 cores at mostExcept the operating system kernel... :^)
Its always potentially worth getting something with more power if you need it.
Probably
I have a FX-8320 OC'd to 4.2Ghz,what am I suppose to do /g/ ?Wait for Zen or go for shitlake?
why do you need to upgrade
wait for zen, it will at minimal make intel release faster cpus
>why do you need to upgradeI don't feel the need to upgrade to behonest now,everything seems to be working fine,last game I played was GTA and that went well,my GPU is an Asus 290 DCUII.
you must upgrade.consume more.
But you need to spend more money.
>all these retards who know nothing about IC designThis board is terrible
I'd personally wait for Zen and see how that turns outif it's shit, you can still get an intel later and maybe even a bit cheaperit's not like you actually need a faster CPU right now
>it's not like you actually need a faster CPU right nowI thought as much,thanks /g/
Wait for Zen, no point of upgrading atm.
No Broadwell? Those will be here in June.
broadwell is pretty much dead unless you want to buy iris graphics in a desktop
>mfw Broadwell is pretty much dead on arrival
I guess it depends on the price. Right now 4790k's are getting down to ~$300 on sale and since the improvements are so marginal, I doubt that it'll make it worth spending more
Agreed. The only reason I can think of is PCIE v3.NVMe and M.2 will not be relevant as long as there are pcie risers for them.
Same.3570K @ 4.5Ghz here and I feel no need to upgrade for a good while if AMD doesn't step up it's game.
Reminder that Zen has 40% higher IPC than Excavator.Reminder that Excavator has 5% higher IPC than Steamroller.Reminder that Steamroller has significantly lower IPC than K10.5 Husky cores.
>onboxious>on boxiouskek
No one said to buy one now. We're saying there's no need to spend 250$ for a 15% perf improvement.
http://cpuboss.com/cpus/Intel-Core-i5-4590-vs-AMD-Phenom-II-X4-955Even if shitlake adds 5% to that, why bother? I can still run GTA V on max
>cpuboss>being this much of a fucking idiotRefrain from posting until you know what a reputable review site is and stop posting your /v/ garbage.
I'll ride your mom to 2020 faggot if you don't stop shitposting about the 2500k
why 80*You can get up to 90* being safe while benchmarking
2500k
Would there be any benefit if they scaled the size of the cpu up to x2 or something? So it would be bigger, but then you could cram significantly more shit in there.
Shut up, imbecile.
moar coars
I'm struggling to find the right words to address just how stupid your post is.What exactly is it that you think will be occupying that added space? What is this "more shit" you have in mind?Adding more cores/threads will only benefit parallel performances, and they do this for i7E chips and Xeons.Making a core even wider won't improve serial performance because its virtually impossible to maintain high utilization of all the ALUs in Haswell even with a highly parallel integer heavy workload like the Apache bench.Adding more cache isn't going to do anything, and larger caches inherently have worse latency.
What do you think of adding more ASICs to the CPU to majorly speed up some frequent workloads.Or a on the fly reprogramable FPGA that snoops for commonly used functions and runs them after attaining enough data. Because clearly we're not getting more peformance by going wider or bigger anymore, and clockspeed is both limited by pipeline length and power consumption.
Media accelerators already exist on die for a reason.Intel already has a Xeon with an FPGA.Neither of these doubles the size of a die.
>Or a on the fly reprogramable FPGA that snoops for commonly used functions and runs them after attaining enough data.Sounds like NSA's wet dream.
Get a Xeon X56**it's like a 6 core 2700k at half the thermal output
got rid of mine just a few months ago. Goodnight sweet prince
Will we ever abandon Von Neumann for high performance x86?
>using terms you don't understand at all.Hilarious. X86 is a Von Neumann architecture.
Help me.
Anyone remember that time when AMD was actually destroying whatever Intel had to offer for like 3 years?AMD needs to release the Athlon128, a 128-bit processor so efficient that it can beat the i7-6700k in every single way with only 1 GHz clockspeed and 2 cores.
>AMD was actually destroying whatever Intel had to offer for like 3 years?Try 10 years ago.>AMD needs to release the Athlon128,Your sense of humor is shit.
the average AMDrone ladies and gentlemen
Did I trigger your autism?Actually I'm an Intel drone.
>5820k Mah nigga.
Looking to get an i5 this summer, does Intel actually ever drop CPU prices? My G3258 is aging fast and I seem to have one that can't overclock for shit.
not reallytry craigslist or ebay
>want to buy another 290 to crossfire>motherboard is only 16x and 4x>dont want to buy a new motherboard unless Im buying a new cpu>can't release 2500k true potential with said motherboard>waited from last year for skylake>it was supposed to be the chip of great increases>only 5% increasewhat do i do
That was pre Moar cores. The phenoms actually use real cores not the shitty 8 integer cores and 4 floating point ones amd did with bull dozer and so on
>intel>lower pricesThats a great joke. Retailers part of intel's retail edge program will take end of life inventory off of their shelves when its removed from intel's price list.Pre Devil's Canyon unlocked Haswell chips are fading into obscurity. When Broadwell desktop chips are available even more of the Haswell line will stop getting stocked. Then Skylake parts will release and Devil's Canyon will disappear from shelves.If you want a cheap intel CPU you get a locked i5, an i3, or a Pentium. Buying a generation old high end part doesn't happen unless its from a brick and mortar store too small to care about retail edge.
>it was supposed to be the chip of great increasesHave you been following anything at all over the last year?
Q9400 still going strong. I might just upgrade my gpu (9600gt) but I see no reason to do same with cpu.
Sort of not really but last year around June when DC came out everyone was saying SKYLAKE SKYLAKE WAIT FOR SKYLAKE FOR DAT DER PERFORMANCE INCREASE
Still running a Pentium Dual Core E5800 and I don't feel the need to upgrade since mah league of legends runs fine.
Retards always hype far away future products like they're going to be the best thing ever. Then when release is close, and it doesn't live up to the hype they change their tune. "Hurr durrr I always knew it was going to be shit." - every single last autist on /g/
FPGA=FUTURE
Eh regardless though I might as well just buy a i7 skylake just because I need a new motherboard. I don't want to spend $120 on a new/old 1155 motherboard to OC my 2500k .3ghz more. Plus this CPU can't handle streaming and gaymen at the same time.
And why are you sidegrading your cpu and motherboard then?Pcie 3.0 still offers within margin of error performance improvements
Well I already have a Pentium, the increase from an i3 wouldn't be worth it, and a locked i5 seems to barely be cheaper than a unlocked one so I might as well wait for whatever the Broadwell i5 will be.
>5%lrn2read m8
Nope, Intel just doesnt have any competition so all they do is milk money from customers by limiting themself with such little performance gains
thanfully it overclocks 20% better then.and runs cooler because it does not have shit thermal paste>hurr
Got a 4770k from a 2600k, felt really marginal even then, though the pci-e 3.0 also marginal gains made it feel like less of a bad investment.Not going for any upgrades anytime soon though.
>4770k from a 2600klyl
And consumes 40% more power >durr
It's also 14nm you imbeciles, so it uses less energy. Less energy and more power? Sign me up please.
thisIt will be f$ck*ng epic.
I'm afraid of the day my motherboard croaks.
Skylake's TDP for unlocked processors is actually higher (95w) than Broadwell (65w) or Haswell (88w). It's a shit architecture.
>wccftech
bitches and whores my man.
the 920/930 actually runs quite a bit cooler than socket 115x cpus
I intend on using this chip until Zen drops, as it should well exceed Sandy Bridge in performance, and I can get an 8c/16t unlocked chip for a fraction of the price of a 5960x. Gotta have dem cores man.
>desktop running with C2Q6700>maximum 8gb ram>not shelling out for 8gb DDR2>waiting for Xen or Skylake/Broadwell X99
like anyone overclocking gives a shit it uses more power if its actually running cooler.
Well shit that makes it hard to decide. Should I buy an I7-5930k now or wait for skylake?Im upgrading from the FX9590.
I call broadwell BOADLEL
It's faring well for laptops.
>5650we had a thread about CPU's a few days ago and someone said there was a asus board that work very nicely with the 5650It was called the blackhawk or something
x3 8650 Reporting
>tfw buying 2500K and thinking to myself "this will hold me at least until Skylake">tfw Skylake is on the horizon and I don't plan to upgrade in at least 3-4 more years2500K is da bes.
Got 4.46GHz from my 4670k. Stable. Voltage on a little bit higher but but temps stay @~80c. With momental stikes to 85c. With AIO water cooling.
after a certain point the connections have to be that small and short or they will burn out.
>AiOgross
tfw JUST got a 2500k this Christmas to replace my core2duo.love the shit out of it, not even OCd.
Go 5GHZ.
2020 here, have fun with your inferior silicon when I'm sitting here with InGaAs processors, fag.
Let's be honest here, the power savings from 14nm and a new architecture are good for those with expensive bills. I know I want to have a high end system that doesn't heat my house.
Are there any benchmarks on the low power chips yet?
This isn't really surprising. All they really care about is lowering the TDP on the mobile chips enough so they can cram x86 CPUs into tablets and phones. The desktop market is stagnant as hell.
the physical limit of performance of air is 25 ghz, consider silicon junctions are much bigger than air, and ghz is a trig functionthen you begin to understand how fucked you are
why can't I have a Xeon phone intel?
I think you'll be left disappointed. Zen will go for bigger more complex cores and SMT... we can expect the high end to be quad core/8 threads... no more "MOAR COARES" from AMD.
Not yet, but they're getting there.45W for a phone is still too much though.http://ark.intel.com/products/family/87041/Intel-Xeon-Processor-D-Family
Intel stopped giving a fuck about the desktop/server market.
4770k for the foreseeable ever
I wouldn't mind a phone that was 1" thick and had active coolingespecially if you set it to a lower c-state
Except on 14nm they could easily cram 8 cores onto a single die and still make money. Hell, they could probably cram 16 cores onto a single Piledriver sized die with little effort on that node. And then there's the fact AMD's server CPUs are multi-chips (helps with yields), so 2 piledriver sized chips in a G34 sized package is 32c/64t in a single CPU, whereas previously getting that many cores/threads in any system required 4 sockets.AMD has already stated that Zen will be 40% faster than Excavator, which would make it faster then Sandy Bridge and possibly put it within spitting distance of Haswell. If AMD does the same thing in terms of pricing and CPU core count as they did with piledriver (quad core low end, hex core mid, octo high end) with everything unlocked and SMT on, an SMT 8c/16t Zen chip at 3.5ghz would stomp the shit out of my current Xeon for less than half the price.Thats the hope at least.
>phone>moving parts
And AMD continues to get BTFOHAHAHAHAHAHAI will literally be celebrating when AMD goes out of business
Well most phones have a camera with a lens...
will you be buying a $1000 i3 when AMD goes out of business
Addendum: The moving part being the shutter of course.
A camera failing only affects the functioning of the camera
its an electronic shutter is all but the ridiculous phone-inside-a-camera models
as performance increases, the same level of gain between generations becomes a lower overall percentage increase.  just like going from ten to twenty is a 100% perfomance increase, going from twenty to thirty is only a 50% increase even though the increment is the same
Of course. I was just nit-picky shitposting, move along.
that's great, except that for decades, cpu performance increase had been exponential, not linear.
I'm just sayin, a 5% performance gain isn't automagically as small as it sounds
thats what happens when there is no competition.
meh, even without competition a certain level of advancement is nessecery because to just stay at the same level indefinately is just begging for competition to show up
>but every i5 iteration has been better.No it hasn't. The 3570k switched to shitty TIM and had a far lower OC on air negating any core. Haswell made it even worse by adding on die VRM. So unless you use your PC as a heater and want that added benefit, no.
Intel is pulling another Jew move. They know you faggots/all the tech fucks will shill the fuck out of it cough LinusTechTips cough Cough /g/ cough that will make retards a actually buy it. Just like AMD vs. Intel. >Muh specs>Muh 3 extra fps Youre all consumer whores There hardly any noticeable difference>Inb4 I've had a 4770k and currently have a 8350 as I like more cores to run my VM shit
>muh specs>mus 3 extra fpsso then you admit intel is better?
Samsung's 14nm FinFET LPP has a 70%~ area reduction vs their 28nm nodes. Kaveri and Carrizo APUs would be under 80mm2 on those nodes, and that would be more than enough room for 4 modules minus GPU. Even if one Zen core were larger than a Haswell core they'd still be fitting 8 of them well under 200mm2 at 14nm.The high end desktop Zen chip is likely going to be 8 core/16 threads, while the APUs coming in 2017 will be quad cores.
You pay too much of a premium for performance increases that are only noticable in benchmark results.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rutk9ErhKG4
>intel is not really better than amd because they're only a little betterok bruh
>Denying the truthRetard.
Are you autistic?
are you retarded?  better is better even if it's just a little ya stupid fanboi
I remember buying my 3800+.And three weeks later intel released core2duo. Maximum buyers regret
Witcher 3 isn't really CPU bound. You can't say the same thing for games that are. Just see  although that's an extreme example.
I too grossly overpay for little benefit :^)
>tfw you bought a 8350 OC instead of an intel I can only blame myself for my actions
it's a matter of values bruh, it's like paying more for a car that can go 0-60 a second or two faster
800x600 High Quality
>Witcher 3 isn't really CPU bound.Thats a completely incorrect statement, its simply very heavily GPU constrained.
skyrim isnt cpu boundit just uses 2 fucking cores
>it's like paying more for a car that can go 0-60 a second or two fasterNot comparable in the least. You're talking to someone with an intel/nvidia system by the way.Are you at least getting paid?
>not comparable at allsure it is bruh, and sure you have an intel system
It uses more than two cores. Otherwise the G3258 would match the i5s.
yeah dude, when 5 cpus perform identically, that's what we call a gpu bottleneck.
Kill yourself shill.
stop this shit.stop with the useless syntethics.iintel 750 is epic in database shit. thats basicly it.and real life tests also show sata ssds being just as fast as sm951 and 750. nvme doesnt mean jack shit just yet.
Time to delid my 4770k and run 4.6ghz on it till like 4 more generation of chips
here ya go shill
>kill yourselfso then you admit your arguments all have no foundation
intel ssd has the best boot times.kek
>having an i7I'll bet you don't even multitask do you?
I'm almost always rendering something but no I just bought it for gaymes :^)
I didn't say it was completely. I'm saying after a certain point it doesn't matter. Problem is most games don't act this way.
Nvme needs an additional boot screen. This will apply for all future nvme devices. Think of it as raid. A raid 0 setup with 20 ssds will boot up slower than a single ssds because needs to load the Intel orom.
>unironically using MSE Why?
interesting, i just thought it was early driver issue or something.well i had the 400gb version, and upgraded from a corsair force 120gb something, seriously i noticed no difference except when i copied large files from the same disk.so i returned it and got the 850 pro instead, that shit was noticably faster.
>When will they finally improve single core performance.We will never achieve pre-2005 rates again with silicon.The power density wall is real, and there's no financial incentive to invest in overcoming it.
I'll probably run my AMD 8350 into the ground. May consider upgrading for better power consumption but I mean what's the fucking point?
Serial integer performance isn't advancing in large strides because of diminishing returns, it has nothing to do with silicon substrates.
>Serial integer performance isn't advancing in large strides because of diminishing returns, it has nothing to do with silicon substrates.We seem to be at odds over why those returns are diminishing.
diamond semiconductors when?
Because three decades and tens of billions of dollars already harvested all the low hanging fruit for conventional core arch. We have wide integer cores, utterly massive FPUs. Prefetch, fetch, branch units, decodes, uop caches that ensure virtually no front end stalls occur and miss penalties are encountered as little as possible.Tons of things were changed between Sandy Bridge and Haswell, and they didn't greatly improve performance. We're at the point where an SMT design going from 3 ALUs to 4 ALUs doesn't give any significant gains because that 4th ALU is rarely used. No one is going to pull off 20% incremental performance increases aside from AMD because they're moving away from Bulldozer which was narrow by design.Changing transistor topologies will drive down leakage, and improve power/clock characteristics. Different substrate materials holds the same potential, but won't ever do anything for the arch itself. Pushing clocks higher isn't a solution to stagnating core design.
Well if read my postm I currently own a 8350
buy used mobo with 2x 16x ports ffs.
>Changing transistor topologies will drive down leakage, and improve power/clock characteristics.And Intel managed to eke out Tri-Gate, but it's not like they have another dimension they can exploit on the next cycle.>Different substrate materials holds the same potential, but won't ever do anything for the arch itself.How much it affects the arch depends on device characteristics. My point is that it's relatively unexplored territory.>Pushing clocks higher isn't a solution to stagnating core design.That depends on what the original problem is.
>but it's not like they have another dimension they can exploit on the next cycle.http://www.realworldtech.com/intel-10nm-qwfet/Don't step up to the plate if you don't know how to play.
>My prediction: High-mobility QWFETs for Intel at 10nm>My predictionLet's see how the yields turn out.
I still have a AMD athlon x2 250x and i see no reason to upgrade.
i7 920 / 930 are legendary CPUs.They are the ones that BTFO AMD from enthusiast CPU market forever. It took them until the 8350 to make a CPU where you could look at and nod "Yeah, that's all around better than the 920."Anyway fag, get a Xeon x5650 for $80 off Amazon and overclock that fucker to 4GHZ. It uses less power than your 920 and has a higher max safe temp (81C vs 67.5C) so go nuts.
>that memory performance
Goddamn, clock speed disadvantage and it still beats the i3, which is haswell. The only real issue that AMD has now is their memory controller, and hopefully that'll be fixed come Zen.
inb4 Tejas and Jayhawk aren't actually dead >muh 50 stage pipeline>muh 8GHz clocks
This. I was impressed with Integer and FP performance, then the memory happened.
This is all the fault of incompetent AMD.
Hey /g/, I'm building a budget computer for my brother, should I buy a 285? Or just stick with an 280?
Wait for the 300 series, it's just next week. you faggot
Is it really? Last time I heard it was just debuting in March, shit, forgot all about it.
I sat on this question for many moons OP, wait for the 300s to drop(look for tonga pro/or tongaXL gpu) or get the 285 later for cheaper.
tonga XT*
280 is a solid card and the extra VRAM and bandwidth will help in open world games like skyrim
Not much difference honestly between any of these cards in newest games.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sr3MgKkS314I would personally pick a 960 because it's less hastle generally in popular games and he can use shadowplay and other just easy to use software. Overall less hastle buying an Nvidia card because of dev support gaming wise.The r9 285 is what Id get being newer architecture out of AMD picksIn short go with whos newest architecture or revisions and for gaming wise I prefer just greater dev support in the majority of popular games favoring Nvidia brands. Depends on the game though there are some that love AMD cards more.
Hey /g/, are their are truly free virus protectors that work? I have avg and super antispyware but the virus on my computer just makes it seem like they are taking care of the virus. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
>install Avast>run startup virus check>?????>profit

i686 architecture on Fedora after loading a boot's statusbar "fedora 22", just turns off the monitor and keeps running the machine.Ubuntu doesn't have i686 (already tried USB both 32bit and 64bit)Debian doesn't have i686wutdo
>Ubuntu doesn't have i686>Debian doesn't have i686I doubt that
Is this brain damage?
Seek medical help
Yes, I'm sure none of those run on a P Pro or later.
A free brain damage.
