The /g/ Wiki:http://wiki.installgentoo.com//g/ is for the discussion of technology and related topics./g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.For tech support/issues with computers:https://startpage.com/ or https://duckduckgo.com i.e., fucking google ithttps://stackexchange.com/http://www.logicalincrements.com/You can also search the catalog for a specific term by using:https://boards.4chan.org/g/searchwordAlways check the catalog before creating a thread:/g/catalogPlease check the rules before you post:https://www.4chan.org/rulesBegging for cryptocurrency is against the rules!To use the Code tag, book-end your body of code with:&#91;code] and &#91;/code]Abuse of the code tag may result in a ban.
How often do you change thermal paste?My PC turns itself off under heavy load and I was told this might be because of overheated CPU. Do you really change your thermal paste every year?
I don't. But I'm not autistic about temps, and they haven't changed since I applied my thermal compound two and a half years ago.
3 months
I used noctua NT-H1 thermal paste 3 months ago,  but want to upgrade to Arctic Silver... is this autistic?
change your thermal paste every yearNo and this isn't even a thing because it achieves jack shit. This is the first time I hear of it.
If you apply it correctly it never needs to be changed
This shit ain't motor oil.  Never fuck with it.  Replace computer every 4 years.
You have a bad power supply
The risks associated with doing that on a regular basis outweigh any possible benefits. Replace when you replace your system.
My PC turns itself off under heavy load and I was told this might be because of overheated CPU. Do you monitor your temps at all? You should know if your cpu is overheating or not.... Probably thia
*this
Install monitoring software to see your temps in real time AIDA64 does this, as well as give you all the info about your system you'll ever need and more. If your CPU temps are climbing towards 90 degrees, you're probably right, but changing the thermal paste alone won't give you that much benefit. If you find out that it actually IS your CPU overheating, then you could buy a better CPU cooler, and when you're already in there, you could replace the thermal paste if you wish. I don't know if the old one has to go or if you could just apply on top, but I guess a quick google search will help you find out.Good luck to you.
Do you really change your thermal paste every year?No. It's useless. I've upgraded from the standard cooler more than 3 years ago, and have never passed 50 Degrees Celsius. Currently running an average of 30.I5 750 here.
tfw i7 920 idled at around 90ordered a hyper 212 memevonow it idles at 45
How often do you change thermal paste?I follow the simple rule "If it works fine, don't touch it." So only when temps start climbing.
Yeah, pretty much same here, except Prolimatech Megahalems.Since I got that damn fridge everything calmed down, I ain't touched shit since.But anyway, stock cooling is shit except if all you want to do with your PC is waste time on Facebook.
Applying thermal paste is autistic enough to begin with. No, building your own computer is enough to border on the edge of autism.
pre-built buyer detected
Pic of your Dellian Wear haxxor laptop with lights plz!
I know PS3's thermal paste can get dried out resulting in YLOD failures, which will be fixed if new thermal paste is applied. I've never really had to reapply thermal paste on a PC though, does it depend on the quality of the paste?
caring about temperatureAll day erry day since 2010.  No fucks since throttling has been a thing seventeen generations ago.
Never.3-5 years when I do a new system.I would only fuck with the paste because I was fucking with the cpu cooler for some other reason. Would never do so for the paste itself.It does not get old this is not a thing.
Shit nigga! You bbq'ing?
It does depend on quality. Stock ones are shit, within a year they dry like hell. Take out the cooler and it's compacted sand underneath it.Go for something nice if you're changing it, you should be fine from years on.
Used Arctic Silver Céramique 2 three years ago on one build and on s couple more since, as well as a couple video cards.http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16835100018Never replaced.  It just works fine.Make sure you know how to install it correctly to begin with.Also, as others asked upthread, how hot is your CPU getting?  There are reasons other than overheating.  Make sure you're trying to correct the actual problem instead of shooting in the dark. noctua NT-H1 "upgrade" to Arctic SilverIf your temps are good, leave it alone.  Assuming you mean "Arctic Silver 5," it's not an upgrade so much as a lateral move to a different product.  There are other thermal compounds out there that clearly outclass Arctic Silver 5, so if you want to upgrade ... AND you are in a situation where you're overclocking or something and it will make a real difference ... research more carefully and upgrade to something that is clearly superior to Arctic Silver 5.tl;dr - Noctua NT-H1 is plenty good enough, leave it alone
When you say stock, do you mean stock coolers, or stock thermal paste that comes with third party coolers?
I mean stock cooler and paste that comes with the CPU.
Also consider Tuniq TX-2 not TX-4 and Arctic MX-2  and, that brand is "Arctic," different from "Arctic Silver".Nothing wrong with Arctic Silver 5, it's a very solid, reputable performer.  The Ceramique 2 is at least as good, possibly slightly better.
Do you know if the paste that comes with third party coolers are generally of good quality or not? Say a 212 Evo or the equivalent.
Holy fuck sonGet some coolers up in that shit
It's pretty well outfitted and tidy.It's just at 3.9 GHz and 1.34v.  For 5 years.  Pic nearly related; it's from 2011, only the 580 and SSD are different now.Intel says the thermal ceiling of the 920 is 100C.  So fuck it, push to 100C.
once every 20 years
garandmuh nigga, i got one on the way from CMP hopefully in the next few months, can't wait.
Are you crazy, anon? If you do this your CPU will only run for 10 years instead of 15!It's totally not like you'll have to upgrade before 10 years for other reasons anyway, you should always be entirely concerned with making your CPU last for as long as humanly possible.Preferably a water cooler, because people who buy water coolers are certainly not clueless idiots.
Noctua's thermal paste is demonstrably better than Arctic Silver m8
Why would he need a new CPU cooler but not new thermal paste?What modern CPU cooler doesn't work well enough to keep a processor from overheating?
Demonstrate it, then.
How often do you change thermal paste?I literally only use the per-applied pads of thermal compound on my CPU coolersAnything else is placebo
Those are usually better. Cooler manufacturers actually give a shit or two on what paste they package with their product.Also, follow this nigga, he seem to know some shit:
Whenever the waterblock or CPU changes.This isn't oil in your fucking car, it doesn't need to be changed regularly.
I personally do it 4+ years. Paste change along with a full clean of the heatsinks. Too much dust in my home. Some of the supplied paste is awful, especially on stock coolers and even aib coolers as well. After such years it all turns to a tough mess.Recently went through a friend's laptop and changed the TIM and now it runs fine, used to conk out after about 5 minutes of video playback.
Arctic Silver 5 is available everywhere, cheap and performs well.That's why it's recommended. It's obviously not the best. Those pricey Noctua coolers have some good stuff packaged with them.
for a '14' or '15' inch screen, what size do you consider to be better on a laptop; 1366x768 or 1600x900?Would mostly be practicing coding, reading, or animu.
1900x1200
Considering that even 5" phones are 1080p, anything less is barbaric.
, 
, 
649 USD~same power than a Titan Xhttp://www.anandtech.com/show/9306/the-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-reviewhttp://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/NVIDIA/GeForce_GTX_980_Ti/http://www.guru3d.com/articles-pages/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review,1.htmlhttp://www.pcgamer.com/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review/http://www.bit-tech.net/hardware/graphics/2015/05/31/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review/1http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti,4164.htmlhttp://www.techspot.com/review/1011-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti/http://www.techreport.com/review/28356/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-graphics-card-reviewedhttp://www.hardwarecanucks.com/forum/hardware-canucks-reviews/69502-nvidia-gtx-980ti-performance-review.html canadian editionhttp://arstechnica.co.uk/gadgets/2015/05/nvidia-gtx-980-ti-review-all-the-power-of-the-titan-x-for-650/ tanned britt teen editionhttp://www.hardware.fr/articles/935-1/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-6-go-petite-s-ur-titan-x-test.html frog editionhttp://www.sweclockers.com/test/20523-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti sweden multicult edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQou5h0Zh2kGuess what Linus thinks :^
mfw I ordered a second titan ex last weekim salty but i dont give a fuck
Aw I want to like him.
Do you hate money?
???
Buying NvidiaNever again.
$650Seeing how I am poor and don't want to spend that much, I would be contempt with buying 1 or 2 tiers below this. Who buys the newest cards anyway? Rich people?
Yo.What?
There are people who bought the Titan X
If he has the dosh to buy two meme cards then I don't think money is a concern for him.
Holy shit things are looking good. AMD have no choice but to price their fury under $600 to compete.
, 
About to get a banana pi to use as a nginx + flask webserver and git server.is it worth it? I need one for a school project anyway, and everyone recommends it over the RBPi
yes its worth itgot mine controlling my house lights
Should I get a Banana pi or Raspberry pi?
for the last fucking time, get the banana pi, its superior to the rbpi2 and now its also compatible with the peripherals
buy a fucking o-droid alreadyfucking SJW cock suckers need to die in a chemical fire.
I'm in the same boat as OP but want to use mine as a samba/rtorrent/ftp box. I'm the only person who would be accessing it, so would my performance be shit? Not looking for AMAZING read/write speeds, just enough for my 1080p videos.
In case you are a troll... XDIn case you arent... if you are a newbie, get the RPI, its community is vastly superior and you will never feel "alone" when it comes to SW compatibility.I got the Cubieboard a while ago since it was "so much superior to the RPI" but i ended up regreting it later so i gave up and bought the RPI, i still use it while my cubie is practically unused.On the other side, it all depends on what you want it for, if you want a decent server or to browse the web... neither will do the job.
You asked this exact same question yesterday. Fuck off.
Wouldn't the Banana Pi have essentially the same community since it can use raspbian?
Can the Banana Pi run Raspbian?
typical retard, the banana pi is compatible with everything RBPi since version 2banana Pi is Chinese you retarded faggotyesits better than the RBPi, but its a $50, pc expect no miracles
What's the point of putting in a backlight, behind a monitor/tv?
Easier on the eyes.
Ricing, but then you tell everybody that it was for these  reasons in order to not look like a ricer.
If you saw my "battlestation" you'd know it was for anything BUT ricing.
Then post it.
Bias lighting improves picture quality depends on white point/proper calibration. Can lead to darker looking blacks and as a previous anon stated, it is easier on the eyes. This is also why theaters don't use completely black rooms.
bullshit. I had a backlight set up and the light is horrible on the eyesDo not put lights behind monitor!! Learn from me and save your eyes
You don't aim the lights at your eyes. You also need calibrated D65 bulbs. Using neon colors makes things worse. Majority of 4chan wouldn't know this if battlestation threads are to be believed.
Tron LegacyFriendly reminder that Tron 3 just got cancelled by Disney, just like Uprising.
read 4chan with tomorrow theme, retinas open fully open a website with a white backgroundget blinded by the lightI keep a light behind the TV for the same reason
www.lightpack.tvi have a 5$ off voucher
ruin perfect Fractal front with le high tech looking fan controller
the front is shit anyway by todays hi-end
todays hi-end
yeah, today you will see neat aluminium finishes, not this plastic rubbish from fractal
found thisis it still correct?
all guides /g/ ever made are shit
reverse search showed "updated version"also probably smsl amps would be there currently
The JBL LSR305 needs to be added
dont think its much about active speakersbut yeah, should be made known
, 
, 
How popular is owncloud around here?What addons have people installed on their servers?
Used it sometime but the client is shit. Seafile is superior
Cloud shitJust use SFTP.
post emhttp://pcpartpicker.com/p/LHqQvKits supposed to be decent but power efficientwhat do you think?
970  3.5G get a 980seagate HDDget something else that thing will fail on you.buying windows and a Optic drive.
ok i can see why some people would argue with windows but i dont think i have to worry about my Seagate when i run my OS on an EVO 840and i have to say im really tired of reading"hurr durr 3.5G throw that shit away" everywhere on the netits not that much of a problemits still 3.5gb and the best in Performance/price
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/fjxPdCI am getting this build payed for by my parents as a college graduation gift, I got a cheaper GPU which might not run every game, but I can crossfire or upgrade in the future, would it be that bad that bad of a bottleneck? Oh and the keyboard is wireless.
dont get noctua fans they are overpriced an ugly Be Quiet! are a better value and cheaper and dont look like shitty and sand
op wtf are you doing
https://pcpartpicker.com/parts/partlist/Here's what I've got, I would like a recommendation for a cooler, any kind if acceptable.
installing costom windows thems
Is the case analog or digital.
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/fjxPdCXEONWITH A FUCKING 5450HOLY SHIT ANON.
Noctua NH-D15, it does as well as water coolers without the risk of the water just fucking your shit up.
u tako de baito
filtered :^
Made me feel better, knowing that there might be people that stupid.Why you gotta break my immersion anon
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/fjxPdClooks like someone i sgoing to install a cloud server to share 8 tb of 4k porn with his whole family
with his whole family*of
made me kek
https://pcpartpicker.com/user/AlexWindia/saved/I've made minimizing costs as heavily as possible the main goal in my designs, and I think I've done pretty well at that, and other than Bare Bones and Tight Budget I think I've done a pretty job at still giving them rather fantastic performance for their prices.
I'd appreciate any recommendations for a wireless adapter. Also ignore the 960.
Are you using a laptop? why would you want inferior speeds and latency?
Whatever's cheap and works, though I'd generally go for a PCI wireless card with good support for wireless standards including n.Just a heads up, use the permalink in future, you just linked the user instance of the parts page which will link to the clicker's partslist.
The router is in the living room so using an ethernet cable is out of the question.Thanks.
my question to youis it for overclocking or not?
Was going to make a thread but I'll just ask here:I'm building a PC and have all the parts I need except a case and a CPU cooler. Now money's a little tight but I can spend a few extra bucks and get the CPU cooler.So my question is can I gut everything from my current pre-built PC and stuff all the new parts into the pre-built case until I get enough money for a nice looking case?
post your spec
, 
So /g/, how do you feel about your Galaxy S5?
Have one, love it.
ZenFone 2 still better
I have one too, thought about upgrading to the S6 but they still didn't change the retarded "speaker on the back of the phone" design so fuck that.
I like the S6 too, but removable battery, SD slot and water protection weight so much over the features on the S6.Also I'm not the one to upgrade his phone every year. My last phone was a Galaxy S2 and I'd still be using it if it had a 720p screen. Too bad.
The temptation was real but I realized how stupid it is to upgrade every year, especially after I criticizing apple people. so heavily on that
I try not to get into arguments with people who get a new phone every 6 months.I know it's their money and they can do whatever they want with it.
I have a white one and I hate it. Its the ugliest phone ever designed, fingerprint scanner is utter shit, the build quality is retarded tier and touchwiz. I can't uninstall touchwiz because it would cause me to lose warranty.Camera is shit in low light conditions, screen is too big.Also I hate white phones but I got this one for 250€ on its day one.I'm getting a z3c soon
I have complained about all those things as well at one point. I like a big screen but god damn my thumb gets sore fromhaving to reach across the screen during one handed use. Camera is shit.
Have it. Love it. Dont think there are many things to complain. Considering the price you can get it at now id say its a really good deal.
I'm getting a z3c soon€2 has been deposited into your Sony account!
I have the same problem with my s3.  Nova launcher and putting icons in the middle of the screen helps a lot.
I have one and I think it's great.  My only complaint is the cover for the charging port never wants to stay put.Have an upgrade available but haven't seen anything that has caught my eye yet.
have note 2sending snapchat selfies to bitches like a mofo cause I'm sexyget s5front camera is distorted and fucked upfeel uglybarely use snapchat at all anymore
I am/was tempted to get S5. But I am going to wait. Apple will be doing a refresh soon and I really want to see what Apple  has planned. At least, I'm sure they will be refreshing soon.I have a Note 3 already that I own outright, and I really like it. But I just really like new phones. My mom just got the S5 I told her the expandable storage and swappable battery made more sense than the closed off s6 model, plus cheaper. So I look forward to messing around with it when I see her.
I'm getting one soon because my S3 is crapping out on me. Seems like a good idea considering the price and the way I use my phone.
You will be so happy to upgrade from S3. I had an S3 and I was actually a bit disappointed with it.
It's alright. On a usual day, I can get 6-9h of screen time depending on brightness and what I'm doing. Using Nova eliminates the need for most touchjizz usage, but settings are still absolute shit. Cameras are nice, kind of take too saturated pictures sometimes for my taste pic related, and holy fuck the filesize of the pictures is gigantic, the pic I took was 38 megs before I resized it.
I was happy when with the S3 when I updated from my S2 at first, but then I realized how non-reliable and fragile the thing is. Plus the design looks like ass but that's really a minor complaint. What roms do people use nowadays? I heard Cyanogen started going bad.
Switched last fall from an iPhone 5 with my ritual 2year contract extension.Did my usual ritual putting it in an Otterbox, now I have an indestructable phone.You never think an SD card slot would be a main selling point these days, but it is, I never want to go back.
I don't know anything about roms. Sorry... I've never broken a phone, but I also didn't want to void my warranty. I went from iphone 4 to s3. I loved the screen size but the battery life was bad. I popped in an extended battery but that messed up the aesthetics which I sorta liked and on top of that the updates brought the phone to a crawl. and it froze a lot... Not a bad phone, but moving from that to the note 3 was a tremendous difference. Aside from the fact that I just really like new phones, I have no real reason to move from the note 3.
This. Although I don't use any of the specific features anymore. Waiting on MX4 Ubuntu phone to try it out.
Currently running CM12? with Android 4.4.4 on my GS3.Read online that CM dropped official support for GS3, so I'm also thinking about getting an S5.But the speaker of the S5 is quite dull, is there any way to boost it?
I'm so glad that it's imaginary.
Guy who works for AT&T here.  It's so fucking hard to sell those things because most of our customers are Apple shills.  It's such a good phone, but people would rather have a glass phone that eats up data.
buying a flagship phone when the flagship killer OnePlus One exists Samshills pls. Go sit in the "irrelevant" corner along with the apple fags
The International Models got the shaftYeah the Kitkat 4.4.2And 1GB  Ram models
A co-worker of mine has it. She seems to like it quite a bit.
I got one for my sister and its too big for my tastes. The flip cover with the windowin it is nifty though.Gonna get one for my dad and put it on easy mode.
Nah man, 4.4.4.Hate that it has 1GB tho, could use more juice.
It's good phone - I have owned and played around with Samsung phones since S2 - and can confidently say that TouchWiz is actually a decent UI now.It's much better than the one that comes with stock Nexus at the very least.In Lollipop - TouchWiz actually even looks nicer IMO than the other android alternatives.
I hate touchwiz, so I replaced it with stock android, and it is one best of a phone now. Best phone hands down.
supporting samsungs apple like practicessupporting touchwizsupporting PenTile screensno ty
2 Fucking € for thatWhere do i sign up?
Fuck it guys I'm buying an iPhone
M8ne completely fell off within a month. Good phone though.
It's fucking great, and now that Android M is coming I'm actually hyped Android M will let you install apps in the external SDalso, don't get why are people.complaining on the camera, Is super good, except for the front camera wich is only decent compared with the one in my S4.
Knowing Samsung Android M will take at least 6-8 months to come to the s5Also camera is good only if you're taking photos outside during daytime. Every indoor photo looks like shit even with "low light mode"

Every phone camera is shit in low light situations. But you can control the ISO and exposure to make a decent photo.
Enjoyed it more when it didn't have kitkat. Haven't rooted yet so still running whatever dogshit they shoved on it. Kitkat is just fucking awful, the locked down hardware toggles, the never ending popup reminders that you are doing something you just blatantly just did with no option to hide the warning forever, the reminder that location data is turned off when you just turned it off, the limited sound controls when using the physical buttons.Will be my last android device. Fuck this shit.
Love my S5 but the one thing that upset me is that the camera doesn't have a macro setting like the S3 did.I enjoyed taking macro pictures but this shit dun do that no more.
Not him but Viper does wonders for audio on SG3. Check xdgay.
Will be my last android device. Fuck this shit.welcome to the club. you going with windows or ios?
wp10
S6 has the speaker on the bottom
Are you getting a nexpaq case?
Still on my s3 it literally does everything i don't know why people need new phones you aren't hacking into encrypted security or some shit fucking retards.
S3 sucked shit when it was new. I had that phone for a little while and had a couple of issues with it.
What fucking issues? I've used it since launch and its been perfect. I even hard bricked it and brought it back to life for free no hassles at all.
Mine had call-quality issues; would randomly turn itself off during the day; and it had a little bit of lag, although that only seemed to happen from time to time.I rooted a couple of times as well and that made it even worse as far as battery life was concerned.
I love mine
All you have to do is either get wanam xposed or install a aosp custom Rom...
You can also use pie controls. I think I have succeeded in finding a relatively good solution to the big screen problem: icons in middle-low, menu shortcut in pie control, nova gestures for common actions
how do i get paid?i want in.
panasonic cm1
my s5 at night
There's a one handed mode in the settings. You have no excuse manlet.
This. I get insane battery life with it, `15-16 hours with moderate use on a stock debloated Touchwiz ROM.Fucking crazy.
Flash slimkat and any issues with your S3 will go away. I also recommend leankernel but the stock kernel included with Slimkat is fine too.CM is utter fucking shit on the S3, fucking Christ.Seriously, flash slimkat on your S3 you won't regret it.
Turn selective focus on or use the magnifier widget.It has to be the stock camera app as well, any 3rd party shit sucks hard.
hey guis i hate big phones and the overall design of this phone but i bought it anyway because im a complete fucking toolJesus christ just get an iPhone m8, theyre made for people like you.
Maximum pleb, coming through.Mines a SM-G900P using an Xtrestolite G900F ROM so it can work for international GSM stock ROM don't want to do data even after fucking with the APN settings.
Fuck slimkat. Latest tw rom with wanam xposed is better in every single way. Better battery, Multiwindow, no lag
And i don't get why people even want aosp shit on their tw Roms.  Everything you can do on aosp tw does Better. And tw has more features too with xposed. Better camera software, easier theming, and you can remove all tw bloat when you're rooted. And lollipop is fucking shit i wouldn't upgrade if you paid me to
Are u a manlet?
It's laggy, but I'm used to that, all androids are laggy in one way or another.Battery life is good, unless I listen to music.Camera died recently and Samsung asked 500$ to fix it, apparently problem is my mobo, so they need to change it.Music quality is decent, volume is a bit on a lower side. Listening to music might be a pain, but that's a problem with all touchscreen smartphones.Screen is decent.Physical button is neat, home one that is. Others feel cheap.Wireless charging backplate is thick and heavy, really disappointed.It's meh.
All androids are laggy.All Samsungs are laggyFTFYLaggy android is pretty much an apple marketing thing at this point. Using CM on an HTC here and its not laggy in any way.
I used CM on OneX. Still laggy.
I just upgraded from the Samsung galaxy nexus kinda old I know to the galaxy s6 and I'm loving it all except the touch wiz, changed as much as I can but I'm hoping for a ROM as close to stock android with support for the capacitive buttons :
Upload the Samsung theme music
Why isn't there any phone on the mass arket with dual SD card slots?
because nobody needs like 265GB storage on a fucking phone. not everyone is as autistic as you are.
Why would someone buy two sd cards for one phone. R u fucking serious bro
beats
Zen phone six
nobody needs like 265GB storage on a fucking phone.what are architectsgraphic designers photographers audiophiles powerusers
architectspeople that should do their work on an actual computergraphic designerssee above photographers see aboveaudiophiles idiotspowerusersnot even they would need that much storage4/10 made me reply
Why would any of those people need that much storage space on a phone as opposed to a desktop or laptop?
because something called "the cloud" existsplus, no sd card slot = more free space in phone meaning you can put more important shit in therebait thread
This, also if you need that much space on phone you just get one where you can easily swap cards
They all use iphones because they arent autistic neckbeards with time on their hands to fiddle with android.
For RAID of course
because if you can't fit all of your illegal shit on your phone put it on an external thumb drive and use an OTG cable
But anon I can't afford a data plan because im a cheap piece of shit!
because something called "the cloud" existsBut it doesn't.
THE SAYGUS V2 YOU WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT :^
Amen bro, did you already order yours
I'd love to have 256 GB on my phone.I bicycled the Pacific Coast a few years back.  I packed my iPod Classic with my music library, the entire This American Life archive, and a bunch of re-encoded videos e.g. Always Sunny, some movies, some porn.That iPod saved my sanity.If I were repeating the trip today, I'd still have to take my old iPod!Besides that, for everyday usage, it would be nice to be able to use my phone as a "thumb drive" for transferring video files and whatnot.  I carry my phone everywhere, why carry a separate thumb drive?
Ja
, 
Are you a tech hoarder?- That guilty feeling when so much unused gear that could be to sold on craigslist.
boxes of cablesserial cablesold printer USB cablespower cords to shit I don't ownIDE ribbonsFelt so good to get rid of all that shit. I had piles of worthless ancient tech, had an Atari 800XL computer, every cartridge video game system from the 2600 up, boxes and boxes of diskettes and cords, huge albums of backed up pirated software and media. Then I had a garage sale, and what didn't sell got dropped off at salvation army. I gave the 13 year old kid next door about 200 DVDRs full of 480p dvdrips. And now I have a couple thinkpads and a phone, and everything is fine.
And now I have a couple thinkpads and a phone, and everything is fine....and of course a full fledged multi monitor battlestation *nervous laughter*
B-but I might need that one day
I have three computers when I should only have one I'm such a nerd XDDDDDI think the last inventory I took I had about 20-30 systems in storage to sell/donate that I don't have an interest in anymoresame boat with cables, hope you sold the atari and consoles off to good homes though not that mainstream shit like that would be hard to find one for
Thanks for reminding me I should really get rid of most of my crap.
A bit.
Don't even have a docking station m8
How about digital hoarding? Anyone else never delete anything ever?
28 working computers/computers that need a little bit of work to run, 30+ counting potential computers, plus hundreds and hundreds of spare parts.
Yep.
why bother hoarding that stuff
I count 4, faggot
I still have a powerbook G3 and G4 sitting around collecting dust.   I might install debian-ppc on the G4 one of these days for keks tho.
Anime, movies, and TV shows I enjoy and have any intent of watching againUsed to hoard music, then got Google MusicStopped hoarding daily show, @midnight, stupid bullshit TV shows. Used to archive everything I downloaded, not anymoreStill feels like too much but some day streaming will change that.
Powerbook G3Which one? I have a pismo sitting here.
Nice, Pismo here also.  It was quite the machine in its day.
Stopped hoarding daily showWhy would you start given how short an episode's relevance is?
I was.. not anymore though.I've given away lots of computers to people that really couldn't easily afford anything new.Makes me feel better than to see them collect dust.I'm also planning to sell my desktop that is still up to date, just because my laptop is sufficiently powerful for my needs.
I can't stand throwing away things that work.  I still have two PIII laptops I can't bear to part with.Little makes me happier than having the spare parts to make something work again.
Because I'm a hoarder. Why would one save IDE and serial cables when they don't work IT and a 50 year old company
This. As long as it can POST, I keep it.
 tech hoarder?Guilty.  I throw nothing out.  In my defense, it's all rather well-organized, not like I'm sleeping in a pile of junk. recently disassembled a broken hair dryer into it components sorted components into various drawers & boxes threw away ~10% at the end of the procedureNice integrated ground fault interrupt electric chord that can handle 15 Amps & 2200 watts salvaged to fix my Dremel.  Feels good.
The only difference between hording and collecting is organization. I love having older machines around, provided they work. Broken stuff gets logged in a notepad file and stored in the closet to be fixed up at a later time if random parts become availible. Everything else is put on display in my room. My friends say its like walking into a time machine.
Yeah.I've got:-My custom rig FX8350, GTX960, 12 GB RAM-A dead PowerMac G5 boots up, no display, despite replacement video card and CMOS battery-Thinkpad T510 i5 540, 4 GB, 320 GB-2 Raspberry Pi s I planned to make a mini portable network out of them-2 HP ProLiant ML370s G3 I'm not sure why I took these fuckers, they weigh like 75 lbs-Some shitty eMachines desktop-Toshiba laptop Not very fast, even with a clean install of W7 and debloating-Acer Aspire One ZG5 netbook Screen is glitchy, repairing is gonna cost 40$, but I'm just gonna have it be a backup machine-and finally some shitty HP consumer laptop with a dead battery it is also falling apart, the hinges barely exist, bought it for 30$I guess I could start putting money into fixing em up, but things like the PowerMac I think I'll just throw out. I put 50$ into buying it and replacing the gfx and CMOS batt, so I don't think it really matters now.
Yes I am, as well data-hoarder.
I hoard cables.
3 Laptops to the right of my feet.A semi-busted netbook.Old 'new PC' that I never used.2 Old keyboards.Shitload of old cables.Memory sticks.  Box of hard drives.  Would be surprised if half even work.  I might just bin them.  Nothing of value, etc.Robot parts.A VHS / DVD combo.Old analog TV.A radio.Old Satellite receiver x2In the process of getting rid of some stuff.  Will probably ditch most cables and replace with multi-adapters. I remember seeing a decent USB-adapter that was basically just a wire with a small hard split in the middle to each separate connection.  It was about as big as the actual USB casing itself.  Shit was nice.  Fit most exotic USB holes too.Billions of files and counting.Auto-organised with a script to drive:\_media\[file-extnsion], or manually if grouped content / easily organisable content.  I'm thinking of writing a script.It will show me a random batch of files every day.  Say, 10-100I decide: Keep, Maybe, Delete.  If I keep, it will let me "tag" it.  symlink it to organized folders since no single file has one classification, but multiple, and symlinks are the best way to store filesNice way to get through files.Maybe will put it on the backlog and it will show it at least once in the same month.
Try hairdryering the PCI slots on the G5 before booting.
PSPfirst genthinkpad x60 tabletSony Stereo Receiver Ipod videotube tv8 full range stereo speakerstwo SharpTM bookshelf speakerslaser pointerClassic Gameboy I bought for making chiptune musicfucking minidj cartridge costs a fortuneI want to give this away for free, yet I still feel I might regret it if I do.
Are you a tech hoarder?Yup, because CRT's are no longer manufactured in large quantities and ones that are manufactured, are only 8" Trinitrons and there is no replacement in sight. Have about 30 top end Eizo and NEC monitors new in box and four in use.
I have a good amount of software, games, movies, etc..  when I get a better version of any of them, I delete the old one.  If I have a movie or show I know I won't want to watch again like Night at the Roxbury, I delete that shit.  My ebook collection is atrocious though.  Gotta straighten that up.
That reminded me of my mother.Back when the UK "banned" high-wattage bulbs, forgot what ones, she bought a shitload of them before it went in to effect.She has LED bulbs in 2 of her rooms, kitchen and toilet.  I highly expect the rest of the rooms to be fitted in time.All those bulbs, sitting in the attic.
Yea...although it isn't nearly as bad now as it is in the picturethat was when I was moving things around
No I like to live a very minimal life. The only things I own clothes shoes thinkpad iphone random electronic like toothbrush,flashlight,battery chargers, clip+, headphones GUNSIm always on craigslist selling shit i dont need or use anymore.
Wow a TC1100, I've got one around here somewhere......Yeah I've got too much weird old crap
craigslist.no thanks I don't want to get mugged
That is another thing i have horded: have about thousand bulbs, of which couple hundred are of GDR origin and they tend to last for decade.
No.I have some spare cables and screws together with some extra panels and shit in an empty mainboard cardboard box.I buy smart so I never amass a bunch of worthless shit. All the PCs I've bought in the last 10 years are still operation and in active use. Same goes for the phones.It's pretty rare for tech to survive a decade without crapping itself nowadays. So there's a very low possibility of it gathering dust somewhere in my home after it's outlived it's usefulness.
5 outdated computers win98-xp eraprinter with no inkhundreds of useless cables6 game consoles2 Gameboys and pspmany monitors130+ blank floppy disksUnused MS-DOS 5.0 Palm VIIxand so much more
I wish I had made the decision to get a bunch of solid older microwaves.While new tech can tend to cook more evenly, there are great ways to maximize how effective older microwaves are via water as a buffer.  The issue is newer microwaves tend to be pieces of fucking shit that break often, just like everything in our glorious new lead-free world.Fuck ROHS.Oh, yeah, a bunch of floppies, CDs, DVDs and exactly one zip drive and disc.
Ugh...
At least this time they're only going to stick the tip in instead of the whole thing, right?
So this is actually a good thing, which is weird considering that any act with "freedom" or "liberty" or something like that in the name is usually bad.
This is awful, it renews and reforms the patriot act section 215 instead of letting it expire at midnight like our freedom demands
No, this is terrible. It extends the provisions of the Patriot Act.
It's a bad thing, there's very little good that will come from this.
Can't stand these people.
What exactly does it do? Do you have a link where I can read up about it?
https://www.opencongress.org/bill/hr2048-114/text
I'm not reading all of that, I'm not a lawyer. I mean is there a link or several that summarize it?
The other "smarter" bush came out in support of the patriot act apparently as well.
fantasy
This guy goes through the text and points out some of the problems with it.https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/34gagc/house_committee_voted_to_replace_usa_patriot_act/
Fall in line, slaves. You wouldn't want us to find child porn on your computers, now would you?
They extended it.There's nothing to stop the endless and increasing flow of bad legislation which speeds our decent into some Orwellian nightmare. It will continue regardless of our effort.They can work around all the rules and are many times more educated than your average citizen, they seek only self interest and power.It's hopeless.
What is the Patriot Act and why is it bad/good?
which is weird considering that any act with "freedom" or "liberty" or something like that in the name is usually bad.This blatantly unconstitutional bill is no exception.
The freedom act is basically a privatized version of the patriot act. The bulk collection will continue like before the only difference is they wont bother with phones anymore. All the other data will be collected by private agencies and up for grabs as long as they have a nod and a wink from a secretive court no one oversees.
the patriot act allows the nsa to collect everything without a warrant and store itno part of it is good or helpful
Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both.
http://www.c-span.org/video/?326227-2/us-senate-debate-nsa-surveillance&live&liveRand Paul currently speaking to block itas of 7:41pm eastern
is this one of those filibuster things?
I hope he takes a few copies of it, tears them to pieces and shoves the paper scraps down those authoritarians' throats.
Technically it DOESN'T allow that according to a federal circuit court. The NSA went beyond the intended scope of the bill because no one was paying attention to what they were doing. That goes to show you how well these secret courts work.
He is the hero America needs.
Reminder that /pol/ shitlords actually support conservative politicians like these. They're so butthurt about faggots and trannies having equal rights that they're willing to drag everybody's privacy through the mud just to be spiteful.
Now that virtualdub is dead, what's the best free video editing software that's easy enough for retards to use?
Virtualdub
avidemux
Virtualdub is dead? How so?
blender
blendereasy for retards to use
Premiere Pro CC is easy as fuck to use with about an hour of reading/tutorials.  And it's actually powerful.
you could say the same for blender, and it's free as in freedom
Forum was closed,No updates or news in 2 years
It is though. Just because you can't seat through a 10 minute tutorial on YouTube doesn't mean it's not easy to learn. It's easily the best free video editing tool out there. Eespecially if you use the Kinoraw Tools and Easy-Logging addon
Free as in freedomWhoop-de-fucking-do.Premiere Pro is top-shelf.  Same level as Final Cut Pro.
and it's free as in freedomI have no idea what you mean.
Old thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking child. https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/Private_trackersHow to get into private trackers and survive: http://pastebin.com/ecGRiQhkWhat.CD Interview Notes: http://pastebin.com/dWBU7ZXshttps://www.whatinterviewprep.com/Use https://boards.4chan.org/g/#s=ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ threadRemember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a child. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
Bakabt, what.cd, gazelle games, myanonymous.gazelle is probably the worst of them all in my opinion.hardest to seed on and a lot of downtimes.Might as well just go with public trackers at that point.
is seedboxes.cc any good?
So what do you use your seedbox/vps for?
adding to thisrec me a shitbox, at least 1gbps of upload speed, don't care about anything else besides costs.I just care about uploading stuff, 100gb of storage is enough for me, more than that would be a plus and less could be acceptable.
I have a dedi, use it for webserver, fileserver, mailserver, and OVPN as well as hosting a few other minor things. It's well worth the 15$ a month I pay.
cross seed on GGn
hard to seed on a tracker with everything freeleech for hours after upload
webserverNice. I've been thinking about hosting a personal wiki I can use to write stuff down.Basically just install nginx and put the software on top?file serverDo you know if it's possible to set up a "read only" SFTP account? I'd like to give some away to friends.mailserverWhat's that like? This has always been elusive to me. You have your own domain and you send emails as name@domain.com?$15How much storage do you have?
regarding web/file server, see https://notahoneypot.me
if you only use priv trackers, tal0ne is the best.
yeah, it'd be just for private trackers.
For the webserver, I use nginx and have some pages I host, for both personal and work purposes. You should be able to setup sftp to allow anonymous read only access. Mail server isn't terrible to setup, but not exactly easy. I manage three domains and am able to store/send emails from all of themonly one domain needs to be the actual MX server so long as you have SPF records for all of your virtual domains. I get 2 TBs of storage, plenty for my needs.
I get 2 TBs of storage, plenty for my needs.Holy fucking shit What provider is that? I have 1.8 TB for 28 euros a month.
BakabtIt's not really a private tracker mate.
Still a much healthier environment than places like what.cd and gazelle though.There's an actual incentive to seed things even when no one is leeching because you can get bonus points and such.Wish more places did that.
Since it is a dedi, most likely Kimsufi.
KimSufiOVH .I don't completely trust them, but for 15 eurostyped that a bit quickly prev. a month I'm pretty happy with the CPU/RAM/Storage/Connection100/100.
anyone on pedro's here
OVH is one of the biggest hosting providers in the world, they don't give a shit unless they start receiving complaints about you.
just checked tal0ne, RevivalBOX plan seems good because on the unlimited bandwidth, though I wish the amount of users were 5 intead of 10.
I have a 125GB vps that I use to seed what.cd freeleech torrents and sometimes upload new torrents to trackers because my home connection is slow and will never get a single byte of upload after the initial 100% upload.other than that, ssh tunnel, webserver for me and my friendspic related.tfw everything is back to normal
Hey bros. How long did it take you to get your BTN invite after asking the recruiter?
Sad feels. I wanted that 70 GB upload per day. I'd drop a fuckton of it on requests I want to see filled with perfect FLACs.
How much is that per day? Less than 1GB? What's the speed of your box?
1.2 to 1.6 GB per day. 100 Mbit box.
I'd drop a fuckton of it on requests I want to see filled with perfect FLACs.Good. thanks for helping the community grow.Unfortunately I only use my upload to request ebooks. because I don't really like musicI'm sitting on ratio over 30 because ebooks and programs is all I download and they are really small in sizethe average is somewhere around 1GB/day for me100mbit
mfw uploaded 2TB on BTN in 3 days by grabbing everything
all of it?
well i meant everything uploaded since then obviously
Title feat. Artist
How much does the vps cost you?
The funny thing is that it's the opposite in most cases: normal people don't have time for all that invite/interview/ratio/freeleach bullshit because they have social lives and jobs.
Dyslexic?
Autistic?
damn, whats your setup?
Learn to read
me, what do you need to know?
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
Anybody can do that. It's not a big deal.
You're late.
can you ask the staff if they can get back to me about re-enabling my account? I messaged the gmail account on their front page a while ago and they haven't contacted me back yet my email starts with 'em'
Can you join the IRC?irc.xbtmusic.org6667 plain & 6697 SSLto log on our IRC simply set in your client:site Usernamesite PasswordJoin #help
for some reason I can't connect had this issue before too
Do you have an account on any other tracker so we could more securely exchange info?
I'm on Rizon if you don't mind speaking there nick is MH64
Lol what a retard. Can you even read?
DAILY REMINDER THAT ALL REQUESTS FROM PRIVATE TRACKERS ARE BEING POSTED ON:https://notahoneypot.me/https://notahoneypot.me/https://notahoneypot.me/
What's your excuse for not using Goobuntu?
Because if I wanted to use a botnet then I'd just buy a Chromebook or use Windows
I have none. You've converted me op.
I don't work at Google
Last nights thread barely went anywhere. Let's try again.Heard some rumors about a big Oneplus announcement tomorrow. What is it? Price drop? New hardware? Some other bullshit accessory not worth the shipping price?Also looking for a stable 5.1.1 rom. Any suggestions? Not too sure about CM nightlies right now.Also any Zenfone 2 owners? Hows that shit treating ya? Any news on rom support? Hows battery life?
They're most likely announcing the oneplusone 2, oneplustwo, one plus one equals 2. Whatever the fuck the name of the second generation would be.
L.E.T.V ONE PRO BTFO OFF EVERYTHING ON THE MARKET :^
Moto E is cheap the phones you listed are good value for money but not "cheap"
Also looking for a stable 5.1.1 rom
Take your no 4G chink back to asia
just got a moto e 4g LTE literally zero complaints, I actually prefer this thing over the nexus 5never buying expensive samshits or iPussys againvalhalla
titan x buyers reaction to the 980 tihttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQou5h0Zh2k
shilling jewvidia for free
Who /led/ here?
tfw replaced all my old CFLs with LEDs and now I get fewer headaches from flourescent flickerFeels good man.
Replaced all the lights in my apartment with 2700K LEDs, including the appliance lights. Feels uniform, man.
Can I get an LED bulb that compares to my 65k CFL?
liking blue light
blue lightIt is the closest to sunlight. If you knew anything about home display calibration, you would know it is the best lighting for such.
If you knew anything about home display calibrationBecause looking directly at sunlight is great for your eyes, right?
headaches from flourescent flickerCFLs use electronic high frequency ballasts and don't flicker noticeably.
Did not say that. Stated it brings out proper color reproduction. What was I thinking? This is /g/.
65k CFL master race here, Id love to switch to LED if I could get the same.  Once you get used to 65k light, you will hate anything else.
its just too costlyelectricity is too cheap to make sense switching all your light bulbs to LED.It might make sense if you are switching a lighbulb that is on 8+ hours every day and even then your break even point will be in a year or two, that is comparing a conventional bulb to LED.CFL vs LED has a break even point that is 5+ years to break even.
Crees a shit, they make too much noise and luminance is not even. Panasonic master race?tfw no Panasonic LED bulbs in my country ;_;
This is pretty much most of green tech. I'm sure we should just give up and keep polluting the shit out of the only Earth we have.
I like using 35k

Shiraishi Marina gib me the torrent b0ss, plz
electricity is too cheap to make sense switching all your light bulbs to LED.Who the fuck cares about the electricity cost?I got LED bulbs because I'm sick of fucking changing out bulbs, especially those shitty CFL fuckers that never last as long as claimed and require special disposal!  Also, I want to reduce heat production.Also, I can get way more brightness out of a fixture without overloading the house wiring.2015evaluating purchases based solely on cost comparisonignoring quality of lifeCome on, man.
/t/ochinchin~
Because looking directly at sunlight is great for your eyes, right?looking directly at sunlightsunlightWhat the fuck is this idiot even trying to say?Are you trying to say that installing daylight bulbs is equivalent to looking at THE SUN?!Are you trying to imply that you somehow don't look at sunlight whenever you look around during daytime?Seriously, what the actual fuck.
What about the tube fluorescents? We use those at work, and they give me headaches sometimes.
Sure. Had them for ~3 years. Dirt cheap, imported from China, just fine.
CFLTop lelI got a storage full of incandescents after they stopped selling them, people actually ask me to give them because LEDs and CFLs just look way shittier, and make your head hurt in some cases. Fuck green.
ochinchinjesus find not just post the link? why be a pussy b0ss?
 its just too costly electricity is too cheap to make sense switching all your light bulbs to LED.Not really. 8-12W LED bulbs are like 2-5 bucks a pop, with shipping.And they turn on immediately, unlike CFL. And the light color is better.
6500K is too blue. 5000K is better
We don't have to give up and continue polluting, but it is not necessarily mean you need to go crazy and switch every bulb in your house. You can save electricity by turning lights off, using daylight, sleeping at night, etc. I still use incansesant bulbs for certain things. I use cfl's for lights that stay on for extended periods.
people actually ask me to give them because LEDs and CFLs just look way shittier, and make your head hurt in some cases.People also believe mobile phone radiation causes them headache and brain cancer. Or in the past, witches destroying their crops.They're largely just wrong. The white LEDs have a CRI of ~80 to ~97 or so, which is really not a problem.
can someone link me to some cheap bulbs that are 2700k and dont have 120hz flicker?
People also believe mobile phone radiation causes them headache and brain cancer.Well it's true.
If you're in the USA, it's still kinda meaningful to switch to LED bulbs because at least something gets done, but overall the problem is more like Few passenger railways, little public transport, many shitty cars - inefficient transportation overall Very poorly insulated houses. Poor standards for industrial emissions.And so on.
2009China has low emissionsman times sure have changed
I just checked.  I have a CREE 2700k 450 Lumen 40W equivalent, IIRC bulb in my nightstand lamp.  I really like it.  Great to read by in bed, not white or bright enough to keep me awake.
No, you're just looking at a graphic per capita.Some people prefer to look at "feel-good-in-USA" graphs that doesn't take population into account.Then, the USA with it's ~318mn then looks more like the EU with it's ~505mn and China with it's ~1.35bn people.
wouldn't it be better to do emissions over an area of land over per capita? that would more directly show where the ozone is worst.
I love my cool white LED bulbs. Something like 800 lumens, bright as all fuck.
How come leds are brighter than cfls with the same lumens?
Because LEDs are more efficient at turning electricity into light.Pretty simple.Also, 2700k LED master race, 6500k makes your house look like a fucking hospital wtf is wrong with you people.
 wouldn't it be better to do emissions over an area of land over per capita?No. Per capita must be the primary metric, even if we of course also don't want insane emissions or insane population density per area of land. 'cause it's really not the point that the Australians and people near the Sahara get to pollute like crazy. And we also don't really want to rate the contributions of the rainforest or sea vs the contributions of greenland in reducing the effects of pollution.I realize that of course the map from before is CO2 -combustion- metrics - but it's a reasonable simple indicator for many kinds of pollution, not all of them are for the ozone layer.
i hate colors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminous_efficacy#Examples_2The "inefficient" rest is basically becoming heat.
Yeah man, I love feeling like I'm in walmart when I'm sitting in my living room, that 6500k sterile feeling sure is nice.
6500k makes your house look like a fucking hospital wtf is wrong with you people5000K is better
what led lightbulb do you guys recommend on amazon? My room's light burned out and i need a replacement
Hmm, actually that table is a bit outdated.Cree has made a 300 lm/W LED chip last year.Can't actually get 300lm/W with the household power conversion and heat and all that, but it'll be quite good anyways.
2700 is too yellow, 4000 is best and anything above that turns blueish I have a ton of CCFLs when they die I'll replace them with LEDs.
In the last winter I got a 5800K white LED in my desk lamp, has some UV light too "full spectrum" but I didn't notice a huge difference in wellbeing to be honest. Better than warm white though.
You need to decide on preferred light color first yellowish hue, cold white and brilliant white are popular, then on how much light output you want for the room.[Just saying, I can't really recommend anything on Amazon anyways, I ordered all of my Epistar and -recently- Cree bulbs from China.]
Oh I forgot, it's CFL.Got some LEDs for the bathroom and corridor, so far no issues.
PS: If you're going for a very specific choice, also look at this:http://www.cree.com/~/media/Files/Cree/LED%20Components%20and%20Modules/XLamp/Data%20and%20Binning/XLampXMBL.pdfYes, the lineup is gigantic. Beware of ridiculous price markups some flashlight & bulb manufacturers put on various higher tier Cree - powered LED, though. Few chips actually cost more than $2-4 bucks, even fewer more than $10.
per capita HAAHAHAHAHA oh great, how very useful.
Yes? It's people causing the difference in emissions, after all.Kinda like fuel consumption per car or food consumption per person is the far more useful metric than the same per country.
tfw no proper CFL disposal in my "developing" countrytfw all those lamps will end up in landfills and whatever is in them will be absorbed into the soilIncandescent being phased out might end in a minor disaster for us.
thank you for your suggestion
LED/CFLShitty heatsinks that will short out the PCB causing accidental fires for real good reason. Whyy in the world would they bulb if the the majority of the would be in enclosed fixtures?
Local PUD subsidizes American made LED bulbs through the local hardware stores.I can get 60w equivalent 2700K LED's with a 10 year warranty for 6$ each.Replaced outside incandescent a year ago. No longer swapping out bulbs once a month. Feels good.Too bad they don't subsidize 5000k bulbs though. I prefer daylight.
hi i use the 100w replacements they are meisterklasseunfortunately, now i'm still paying the same thing in electricity bills because ComEd decided that HEYGUYS THEY HAVE MORE MONEY TO PAY CUSTOMER FEES WITH NOW LET'S CHARGE THEM MORE EVEN THO THEY BOUGHT ENERGY SAVING BULBSliterally, I am paying more after getting shit shit. Why did I bother
about 50/50 LED/CFL here - got a box of ~20 LEDs in a cupboard, replacing the CFLS as they die.
they only subsidize warm whiteAbsolutely disgusting.
they are meisterklasse
radio waves from a phoneionizing radiationpick one faggot
Just like the people that think WiFi does the same.
I've finished changing my room to fully 6500K LEDs.Going to start deploying them to other parts of the house as the CFLs die off.They are a bit under 10USD for 10W LEDs here, 10W ones run warm to the touch, at least the ones I got, advertised to never go above 60C max under load.
thats because your dimmer is not compatible with your light bulb ya dope
frenchayy lmao
I have a pretty neat color changing LED bulb. I thought I'd give it a try since my regular bulbs were blowing every other week.It was cool at first, and it helped me realize I need to grow the fuck up and move out Pic related
lol no.Blue light is harder to make.  It, just like our own vision, peaks in yellow-green-green.Being around bright lights past "nighttime" is bad for you anyway, and considerably more so if they are fucking blue, the very thing that KEEPS YOU AWAKE.  If you've been up for 14 hours, turn ALL lights redder or turn them off and get to your bed, faget.Or midday sleep if you can, at the least.2 hours and you're done.  Humans are naturally biphasic in adulthood.
Why should I pick one. Ionizing radiation has nothing to do with a phone.http://www.pathophysiologyjournal.com/article/S0928-4680%2814%2900064-9/abstracthttp://www.thestar.com.my/Business/Business-News/2014/11/12/Are-mobile-phones-linked-with-brain-cancer-risk/?style=bizThe radiation is reduced by the square of the distance, so other than cumulative effects, WiFi is most likely not a risk.
old /sqt/ at I'll start: what is the best distro where I can have the most recent software versions but without having to do everything manually and configure every single rc file as in Arch Linux?
Can i use a notebook without an HD booting slax from a flash drive?
this doesn't make sense, if a software can or must be configured with a conf file then it will be he same on every distro.Anyway try opnesuse, you will like yast.
what is the best distro where I can have the most recent software versionsArch but without having to do everything manually and configure every single rc fileYou mean at the same time with the condition above? No such thing.
Pls help how can I remove this? It appeared suddenly out of nowhere without a restart or anything
what I mean is that there are sane defaults included and things work out of the box. And no manual intervention everytime there is an update.looks like so, manjaro and antergos are a bit shit
Yeah, your letters are all scrambled up there. Pretty weird...
is this what dvorak looks like?
Is IBM a good company to work for these days, do they have jobs where you work with open sources initiatives, like improve kernel code for it's own devices?
Can I use 4chanX to automatically hide threads whose OP and title match certain regexes? I'm really getting annoyed at the cancer.
If I install windows on my ssd and linux on a partition of my hdd and decide in the bios which one should be used to boot its all right am I right?
what I mean is that there are sane defaults included and things work out of the box.this doesn't depend on the package manager/distro, unless we are talking about the os installation.And no manual intervention everytime there is an update.I think this is a consequence of the true rolling release model, anyway manual intervention is rarely needed.
Watson is pretty interesting if you like AI.skip the first 22 minutes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY2s0O2KAH8
You can under the catalog for OP posts and subject. You can do comments under 4chanX settings
Posting in new bread:Is there a form of AI that can completely change its own code and evolve itself to different scenarios? Similar to pic related, only a little more broad in scope than just the refines of a game.Like are there viruses that can tell when they've been detected, and learn not to do the action that gave them away again?
Is there a GPU at around 250$ maybe a little over that's enough to play games at a high setting? I don't play enough games to warrant the gtx 980 but I play some times.
If I install windows on my ssd and linux on a partition of my hdd and decide in the bios which one should be used to boot its all right am I right?usually you install a bootloader like grub on one disk maybe in a dedicated partition but it isn't necessary and then choose the system to boot from the bootloader menu. But, yes, I suppose it is also possible to have two disk both with a working bootloader and choose which one to boot from the bios menu.
Need some minor help in programmingBasically I have to make 2 2D Matrix and a third one which will calculate concentation of elements of those 2 Matrixes.Here's my code so farusing System;using System.Collections.Generic;using System.Linq;using System.Text;namespace ConsoleApplication3{    class Program    {        static void Mainstring[] args        {                       int[,] A=new int[,]{{0,1,2},           int[,] B = new int[2,2];How would I finish the last task? Thanks
My education doesn't come near university levels to be honest. Not even to American standards. I'm just looking for some companies that aren't fully focusing on making profit, but more progress.besides I believe IBM has decent insurances and favourable vacation terms.I Assume it's also possible to work from home instead of an office?
is it true that Logical Increments guide overvalues CPU importance for gaming?
No, it's not. That's just logging information they've learned about their opponents to a file, and reading that info to make a pre defined decision. It's not altering code in any form
Can I hid several threads at ones with 4chanX?
Oh yeah that's what I meant. Like a learning AI capable of editing its own code, as opposed to that one just doing the same thing again and again in different ways. I didn't make that particularly clear in my post.
GTX 750 Ti   and  X4 860KR9 280X and FX 6350R9 290 and i5 4430looks like it
I just got a Z3C on eBay, are there any accessories it really needs? A different charger, a case, etc?
Now that the panasonic plasmas are kill, what am I supposed to get for a TV?
I'm the guy who tried to install Ubuntu on his tablet. To all the faggots who tried to help me:YOU MOTHERFUCKERS I JUST MANAGED TO BOOT THE FIRST TIME FROM THE INTERNAL PIECE OF SHIT STORAGE AWWWW FUCKING YES THANK YOU ALL
The charger is proprietary, so buy another one of those I guess
what model, fagit?
Medion Akoya P2214TKeyboard ain't working yet though.
what's a good not filled with adware shit dvd ripping software for windows?
concentation?
I made a dd image of a 300GB hard drive with a broken partition table a while back. Now I need to put it back onto a disk, but I've never really used dd before so I need to know some shit:1. Will I be able to restore the 300GB image to a larger drive? The old hard drive still works, but I use it for other things now and I don't want to go through the hassle of moving everything off of it.2. How do you restore the image byte-per-byte? I looked some stuff up, and it seems you need to specify the start of the partition you want to restore, which I can't do because the partition table is fucked up.
oh, thats cool too, thanks
Is it possible to have a cheap but effective build in a micro case?My friend keeps shitting all over them but deep down I can't help but feel that he's wrongAlso please r8 his build here
1. yes, the additional space will simply become/appear "unparitioned"2. you can restore the image as-is, you only need to specify partition start/size information if you're trying to restore a single partition from a full disk image
extract the contents of the iso to folder.
That's great, thanks anon.
it's very unlikely his disk was using the iso9660 filesystem, typically that's only used for cd-romnp, also look at testdisk if you're also trying to find the offsets of any partitions made inaccessable due to partition table loss/fuck-up
How do I view an RTMPE stream in MPC?
I have a monitor, model number 23EA53 brand LG.This monitor turns itself off when there's something black or very dark rendering.Is there a way to prevent this from happening?I do think this is the way the monitor was built, and some people are ok with this, but I am not.I also don't think there's a way to disable this but I don't lose anything by asking.Thank you for your time.
Did you check the built in menu settings?
Okay guys, I run Ubuntu and need to recompile the kernel after changing one line in hid.h.What's the easiest way to do that? That's the only change I need to do.
Yes I did check but there is no way to disable it.Energy saving is off.
How do I install linux on a USB without deleting all of the files? Every thing I've tried so far says 'format drive' or whatever. only extracts fileslet's format fucking everythingI need it for fixing people's shitty computers.Also, I saw somewhere that I could save changes I did on the OS without /installing/ it. How?
Is there a way to highlight posts with cross-thread reply links? These: I'm using ccd0 4chan x, but that may not offer a solution for this "reverse filter" idea
Need a video converter recommendation.
Should i install catalyst drivers on my intel/AMD laptop if i don't really plan to play games on it? I'm currently on Arch.
What kind of spray to remove dust from graphic card's fans, mb, .. ?

Blast it with piss.
4K 75" TV with all the gimmicks like motion interpolation and scheiß;or 1080p 110" projector?I personally side with the 4K for reachable inputs and consideration for the upcoming ubiquity of 4K, but I wanna hear what you goym think.So which is it?
Ho great ! Ill tryAlready done, I let it dry in the sun.does not work as well
Just wash it.
good buy?
How could c - '0' be the numeric value of a digit in C?
I'm getting less than 1fps in WINE on an Arch installation. Its installed on a netbook which is shit but the game is 2d and has graphics comparable to metroid. The game is Axiom VergeT-this is fixable, right? Its not doomed to stay this way if I play around with configs and stuff, correct? I kinda suspect that WINE is using software rendering instead of opengl, but I don't know shit about WINE.
Ye
The game has a linux version you dummy.
anybody have KDE 5?does the "dark breeze" desktop theme work for you?
it does for me
I pirated it because I'm a fat dickhole shitter who's not willing the shell out $20 and I can't find a linux version on torrent sites
Yes you can work from home instead of the office depending on your manager, but for pretty much any software related job at IBM even L1/L2 support requires at least a bachelors degree.
Play around in your compositor settings, change rendering engine and stuffIt was broken for me and that's how I fixed it
Soooo, does anyone have a spare Windows XP Pro OEM sticker that is willing to share with a lad?
FCKGW-RHQQ2-YXRKT-8TG6W-2B7Q8
Fucking microsoft i swear XP reached EOL why the hell do they require authentication?Unfortunately your "universal key" doesn't work anymore.
Should I get a 980 if it gets me free Witcher and Arkham?Will it do for MGSV?
What is Remote NDIS based Internet Sharing Device? I bought a Polar v650 and can't sync it due to Polar's shitty cloud based solution apparently can't be used due too to heavy load 24/7/365. I was wondering if I could sniff the protocol to export my exercises.
any recommended privacy software for windows?what i have right now:peerblockPIA VPNkeepassam i missing something?
lemon pledge
promotion already ended.
peerblockuselesskeepassdoesn't have anything to do with privacy
I am studying for a Professional bachelor degree, not academic. Does that suffice?
Das ist eine Funktion von Chrome, damit kann man mehere Benutzer anlegen, deren Verlauf, lesezeichen etc einzelnd sind. Wenn du dich auch noch mit deinem Google Account anmeldest, werden deine Informationen über alle PCs verteilt, an denen du angemeldet bist. Ist eigentlich ganz nützlich, ich weiß aber nicht wie man es wegmacht
but its not jun 1st yetebuyer ended it its still on other site
is there any point in overclocking RAM?
no
How do you make a webm?I downloaded webm for retards but it doesn't do anything.
What is the easiest way to hack wifi?I mean, There aren't any ready-made programs that do this?It took me like an hour to even setup the shit last time I did it on linux.Doesn't have to be on a specific OS. I'm open to anything.
Recently disabled hardware rendering in Firefox due to being sick of pages sometimes glitching oddly, but I noticed the font rendering got really shitty and blurry all of a sudden.  What's the deal?  I don't think it was like this before I enabled hardware acceleration, must be some new thing in a recent version.  W in particular looks garbage what the hell?Messed with ClearType settings since it was an obvious culprit but it doesn't seem to have anything to do with that.
what don't you understand.
There aren't any ready-made programs that do this?You mean just cracking a WiFi key?  There definitely are ready-made tools for this, though your success will depend on a few factors, some encryption types will be easier to break etc.  Haven't really looked into it in years damn, must have been like 7 years now that I think of it but back then it also required certain types of wifi adapter to work properly, not sure if this is still the case.
I plan on starting to learn how to use Linux.I have no previous experience and have been a Windows user for about 12 years I also don't know any programming languages.Where do I start?I Was thinking of installing a virtual box and having gentoo on that or something or would another distro be better?
Guys I need to recompile a kernel, what's the easiest way to do that?
All my games except minecraft and smbx crash at startup on my new pc build. all games were working fine now im getting directx errors and no video card found errors, this includes games on steam as well.. some games will load just the audio with a black windowed screen... some games i just get a beep then nothing. some games give me no message.im currently uninstalling all these games and steam. hoping i dont have to reinstall windows
Is there any way to seamlessly integrate KeePass into my web browser on Android like I can do on Windows with the browser extension?  Is there a browser extension like this on Android?  It's annoying when I want to check my bank details on my phone or something and have to manually copy/paste.
Gentoo is fine, it's beginner friendly. You'll find a shitton of tutorials online, but it'll still take some time to get into it.
You mean you built a new PC but plopped the old hard drive in without changing anything?  Yeah you're gonna have some issues with drivers and stuff until you get that sorted.  Just go find the new drivers you need, reinstall any programs that are acting up since they might be configured for old hardware, if necessary run a repair install of Windows and it might help.
Is it true that Evga only designs the cards and contracts the construction, while Gigabyte, Asus, and other companies actually design and manufacture their cards?
no dude.... i didnt just plop in my old hard drive... this is a brand new hd... i reinstalled all my games like a normal person does
You mean just cracking a WiFi key?Yes.not sure if this is still the case.The wireless card/addapter/whatever you call it needs to be able to inject the packets and other stuff. Otherwise some of the attacks won't work..
Oh.  So was it working before and not working all of a sudden?  Or it never worked?You did install your drivers for your graphics card right?
I want to keep Windows on my machine until I'm 100% ready to make the switch.Is the virtual box okay for learning?
You can even just boot up a bootable USB with GParted and shrink your Windows partition by some GB, then install your new OS into that partition and easily switch back and forth at boot at your leisure.  If you decide to ditch Windows later you can just as easily remove the Windows partition and expand the Linux one to fill the space.
all my installed games were running fine yesterday... including batman arkham city on insane graphics levels... had no issues on this 2 week old pc til today...now all my games except minecraft and smbx crash on startup and giving me all kinds of random errors
Gentoo's easy to set up and is well documented. Their forums are helpful as well if you have a problem.
Huh, and you haven't changed any hardware since then?  Maybe verify that the GPU is seated properly, you can have strange issues sometimes when it's just ever so slightly loose.  I would also recommend reinstalling the display driver and DirectX and see if it does any good, chkdsk might help as well since I've had experiences in the past where hard disk corruption led to driver corruption, which led to odd issues all over the place.  Unlikely on a brand new hard drive in my opinion but you could always rule it out if nothing else helps.
Whats the current best root for xperia z3
Gentoo is probably the easiest, you should go with it first. You should be fine installing it in a virtual machine.
in chrome adress bar: about://flagsctrl+f avatarsomething something disable new avatar menuclick that
i5 4460Gigabyte GA-H978GB 1600Mhz RAMGigabyte GTX 970 600 Bronze PSUfor 1080p/60Fps gaymenis it good?
price?
Hey /g/, Long story short I'm looking for a desktop for video editing and some light gaming. What do yous think of this? All advice appreciatedhttp://www.dabs.ie/products/hp-prodesk-405-g2-mt-amd-a8-6410-4gb-500gb-windows-8-1-with-bing-B2ZR.html?src=3
If I connect a old netbook I have to a wi fi network, share the internet with the ethernet port, and connect a wi fi modem to the netbook via cable, will the netbook/repeater now act as a "Repeater"?
lowball them to 100 eurobucks, no deal if you can't
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/7nLHZL
netbook/repeaterNetbook/modem*
the video card is in just fine, when i first installed windows i had an old nvidea card in before putting my amd 280 card. then installed my games..and they ran fine. i did however uninstall the geforce drivers in remove programs from the old card just the other day and its possible that could be fucking it up but the drivers on my new card are current
You've got basically 3 actual vulnerabilities and 1 possible brute force for wireless networks.  1 Mac-filtered.  Doesn't need a fancy wireless card, just use kismet or airodump to find clients that are associated to your target network and forge your mac address to be theirs. Not totally reliable from my experience though.2 WEP encryption. You don't NEED the wireless card, but it will take your crack time from days to minutes. Alfa something is suggested, theres a ton of options though, check aircrack's page for compatibility. It's like 30 bucks at most.  Run airodump, capture, use aireplay to create tons of packets, run aircrack. Aircrack has a step by step tutorial for these, not walking you through it.3 WPS.  If the router has wps enabled, you can usually brute force the code in a day or so.  However, more recently as this vulnerability became more publicized routers "lock" after a 3 or 4 attempts and makes this pretty much useless in real-life scenarios.  Most routers from about 3-4 years ago should be vulnerable.  However, you need pretty strong connection, so might want to get a wireless card with a directed antenna for better success.Then you can actually try and break WPA2 keys.  Doing a brute force isn't really realistic, but most routers are left with the same default password, so if it's 2WIREXXX or ATTXXX or something like that, it's usually a 10 digit passcode. I have a radeon HD 7800 that can move through that in about a day and a half using Hashcat.  Somewhere out there I found a list of every default password scheme that was searchable by ssid, but I lost it.  Again, there are tutorials on capturing a handshake aircrack and converting the capture to something your gpu password cracker can use.  Pyrit is good on linux from what I hear, haven't actually used it.If you're trying to break into something other than that, pick an easier target, find another way in, or get a devoted password cracker and good lists and pray.
i feel you could do better with $1000, but you have a bunch of other crap too so it'll probably be fine
Thanks for the help, which Virtual Machine would you suggest? Oracle?
Oh, and if you're using one of the wireless cards, you need to patch the drivers for injection, or just save yourself a colossal waste of time and use kali.
Falling for thisLast time I checked a gentoo instalation could take up to a week.Go for mint, debian unstable or xubuntu if you want easy linux.
kekYou got memed, try Linux mint with cinnamon desktop
Thank you, kind sir.
I plan on upgrading my gpu to a R9 290, will the  corsair cx600 psu drive enough power for the gpu?I do not plan on overclocking anything, keeping everything on stock settings.
Oh, and reaver is the tool for WPS breaking.
I'm 22, going to community college for programming. I've had some experience with it but not much. From the looks of things I'll be graduating from my diploma at 24, and a related degree at 27.I'm nervous about being as old as I am but not having any real world exp yet. What would be the easiest or fastest way to get that kind of experience? Despite being in school could I find work while in my first year?
probably, but you're literally going to limit yourself on performance if you bought overclocking capable motherboard and cpu.  of course that's if you're cpu is already shitty to begin with which i assume it is
What's the best adblock for android? Any other good ways to save data?
What's the intallgentoo password?
???I Got baited? So no to Gentoo?
I decided to try pceFirefox recently.After unpacking the 7z, clicking on the exe just shows me the old Firefox window, with all extensions installed, practically the same look and not a hint of it not being mozilla-version Firefox.I suppose it's not what it's supposed to do? Should I delete my old Firefox?
Might be able to find work, tech recruiters are usually as stupid as the people they inevitably hire. If you can't find work, try to find a project work on to show experience.  Shit like github is hugely helpful.  If you spend some time and find some people who want to create a project, work on it, and make a site you can include on your resume, that can show just as much real world experience as an actual job.
adawaytor the ftp server?connect to the irc and list the channels, you will find the password in the topic of the ftp chatroom
I'm setting up Gentoo right now, and it's a big pain in the ass.I heard once you install it it gets easier, but compiling kernel from sources is definitely not something just anybody can do.The guide is really helpful, though.
tor the ftp server?connect to the irc and list the channels, you will find the password in the topic of the ftp chatroomThanks
Gentoo is a good system if you have balls of steel, but not really in any other situation. It's the kind of system that you shouldn't even try to use if you aren't familiar with the source code of it's kernel as far as I know.
Oops, meant pcxFirefox.
Alright, listen up, you motherfuckers. You're going to answer  right the fuck now, or else.
What does "I am the bone of my sword?" mean?
Don't all Linux distributions have the same kernel?Also, I think knowing the source code of Linux kernel is more Linux-from-scratch tier.
rtmpdump, now fuck off.
Alright what's the difference between UDIMM and DIMM. My friend has an old hp a6512p that he wants to upgrade because his alienware took a shit lel. Planning on getting him an Intel Q6600 and this for RAM. Just want to make sure I'm not gonna fuck over his computer by getting incorrect RAM. Thanks.PC support articlehttp://support.hp.com/us-en/document/c01486248RAMhttp://www.crucial.com/usa/en/OptiPlex-GX620-Series-Ultra-Small-Form-Factor/CT519121?gclid=Cj0KEQjw4qqrBRDE2K_z7Pbvjo8BEiQA39AImSkncOLeX2o6ks34A-xVSn9SONbBr8z2tC9OQm6tpLkaAsMh8P8HAQ&cm_mmc=shopping-_-tsa-_-null-_-us&ef_id=VWqhwwAAAbtcI5aP:20150531182610:sIf this RAM doesn't work, what could he get?
Is it possible to make a computer from simple household items?
Talking about kernels and shit, what is this bullshit that I have to recompile the whole fucking kernel only to change MAX_HID_USAGES to something higher. Fucking bloody hell.Also, does anyone have a clue why my tablet first starts the BIOS, then I have to restart it from there to end up in Ubuntu? Like, what the hell.
It means that whoever says it goes to gay bars every day.
of coursego into housetake pc???profit
What's the best way to learn Python? I already know the basics of c/c++ and some haskell, basic, prolog.
I have a computer running Windows 8.1. It takes like 1-2 minutes for it to open explorer windows or initialize search, and sometimes takes 30 seconds or more just to bring up the start menu.How the fuck do I fix this?
disk defrag, reinstall windows, or buy and install an ssd
Is it possible/advisable to defragment a RAID5?
What graphics card should I get for my old i5 3470 so it won't bottleneck it or vice versa?
Why doesn't my tree command sort the files properly? landregister/parsers/__init__.py should be before landregister/parsers/estate.py[wn@localhost katastr]$ tree.├── bin│ └── lrcheck.py├── config│ └── landregister.ini└── landregister    ├── __init__.py    ├── parsers    │ ├── estate.py    │ ├── __init__.py    │ ├── insolvency.py    │ └── subject.py    └── soap        └── __init__.py5 directories, 8 files
you're using a raid card right? not software raid?
Kind of in between firmware level RAID I believe.  It's being done on my BIOS's RAID controller.
Halp.
Play with it, just like every other thing you want to learn.  No magic bullet or book.Look up Learn Python the Hard Way.  It's the first hit on your favorite search engine.
so it's software
Well apparently the motherboard has some Intel ICH10R RAID controller but I don't entirely know what that means, maybe it is indeed software.  I'm not using it for my system drive anyway, just for some storage.
So I got this task to setup an Ubuntu 9.04 server, but I've some issues setting up ssh. Since the dist is so old, there's no working repository; at least not what I could find. I've made some research and ssh appears to come preinstalled with the OS.So my question is, how can I configure ssh and enable root login for this old version?

which distro should I install ?
Yes, but you'll probably have to force it too boot from usb.
see
I'm compiling my first kernel right now.Is it over now for me guys?
Never tried it.  I'd think that there'd be an IP compatability issue though, since you're getting one IP from the ethernet and another from your wireless.I take it the objective is to increase the signal strength to an area which is, of course, what a real repeater -- as in 2M -- does.  I'd really expect some kind of IP conflict though.  Try it.
man sshd
Fragmentation is a file system issue, not a RAID issue. RAID doesn't come into defragmentation.That said, it's not advisable to defragment RAID5 because it's not advisable to HAVE RAID5, because RAID5 sucks.
Anyone know why my fonts look so much worse with H/W acceleration off in Firefox?
Is it possible to rely only on SSDs and not have a single HDD now?Last time I checked SSD had pretty low life span.Yes I live under a rock.
http://superuser.com/questions/339537/where-can-i-get-the-repositories-for-old-ubuntu-versions
I thought there was "the way". LPTHW was amongst some other learning sites. I will start with that. Thanks.
turning off hardware acceleration disables subpixel antialiasing
Thanks, I'll check it out.
Sharing internet At least on linux creates a subnet a afaik, my ip on connected computers tends to be 10.32.0.**, but I don't know what would a modem make with this.
it's disregarding non-alpha characters in the sort; "estate" comes before "init"good luck finding out why, i don't into python
Huh.  Any way to enable it in software mode?  I get odd glitches in hardware mode occasionally but don't like how much worse the fonts look with it disabled.
it has nothing to do with python, I just ran it on a directory that contains python files.
Your support will be now void.http://www.openbsd.org/faq/faq5.html#Why
if what's on the raid storage isn't important then don't do anything to it.  if it's vital, then you're going to want to stop using software raid
The only thing I'm changing is HID_MAX_USAGES in hid.h, but I need to recompile everything just to apply that shit. Meh.
who knows? i've never tried it, but you canwell ok whatever, point is, whatever you're using, that's what it's doing so that's where you start investigatingRAID controller built into the southbridgemust be software RAID
I am so lonely. Where can I find friends with the same interests? W-wanna be friends, anons? ;_;
/soc/
Is Macrium Reflect decent enough as far as a free Windows app for writing a hard drive to image and then restoring it later?
How do I learn how to overclock? Like how do I know what speed I should be setting a cpu FX8350 in this case, and the voltage?
The ICH10R basically just supplies the SATA ports, it's the chipset drivers i.e., the software that's loaded into the operating system that does most of the actual legwork for RAID sets
Go find a tutorial for your specific CPU, or failing that the closest one you can find.  Should help a lot as well as giving you some good starting values to play with.
I have been using Linux for almost a year and I still haven't a fucking clue how to use it. The only reason I'm able to use arch because I copied a YouTube tutorial on installation down to every keystroke. I have finally decided to learn and I'm wondering could anyone point me to a video or guide to help me understand and apply a new DE, WM and so forth. As well as a customisation guide
What's the best proxy that I can get on the equivalent of a 4chan Janitor's budget?
You can find a lot of good proxies for 43 bucks.
I meant proxies that are free. Are there any good ones?
How knowledgeable should I be about GNU/Linux before installing Gentoo?living the meme
what's the best C compiler for windows?
Do i need Noscript and Requestpolicy if im using Ublock origin?
just drop noscript and requestpolicy and use uMatrix. both deprecated
I want to program VLC to capture an internet radio stream a few days from now. Is there a way to make a pc perform a predetermined task? Like a click sequence or something
enough to not have to ask that question
I'm no expert, but the first thing I would do is try SENDKEYS in VBScript. You can do a lot with ALT and TAB.
axiom vergelightweight 2D gamedoes that even run on your shitbook in windows? i think you might be surprised by its requirementsjust because a game is stylized to look old doesn't mean it's a lightweight game
Ayy lmao that's exactly what I searched for a few days ago:https://www.videolan.org/doc/streaming-howto/en/ch06.htmlI'll just use Python to launch the command on a custom event a specific url set to a specific value.
Isnt ublock martix just ublock origin now?
I bet you tell others that arch is hard to install faggot
Unfortunately your "universal key" doesn't work anymore.it does, but only on gold SP0 VLK edition copiesnewer and non-vlk copies won't work
I feel like I'm missing a step in the web development with C#.I've studied with a couple of books about C# basics, got into everything including OOP, interfaces, delegates, etc. Now I've downloaded some lessons about ASP.NET MVC 5 ASP.NET MVC 5 LiveLessons but I feel like I'm missing a step here. What is it?
I slowly stopped playing vidya over the last few months, the only thing that I want to play is elite dangerous once the rift comes out.How shitty are the chances of this running on the toshiba chromebook 2 with windows/linux?Should this somehow run I'll say goodbye to the tower master race
I don't know too much about web servers but decided to use werc as an excuse to start learning since it is advertised a simple web framework based completely on rc code to be executed as cgi. I can not for the fuck of me get it installed however perhaps because its old and lacks concise retard proof documentation. http://werc.cat-v.org/docs/web-server-setup/apacheFrom what I understood, all I have to do was dump werc into document root and append /etc/apache/apache.conf with a simple configuration that allows for the handling of cgi. I can't get it working however. Is there a retard proof guide somewhere or someone to hold my hand to install this? Thanks in advance for any advice
no. ublock origin is a fork of ublock. umatrix and ublock/ublock origin are two different addons.
if it can run at all it'll be pretty low res with no eye candy.  i'm not talking about using it with rift either
So use Ublock Oirigin + Ublock matrix?
Quick question /g/, I changed my Awesome theme and now my mpv window resizes in any way as opposed to being locked to the video aspect ratio so resizing results in black bars. How can I lock it again? I assume its in the rc.lua somewhere?
umatrix is just called umatrix.  and yes, I recommend using uMatrix over noscript plus several other addons.
Yeah I thougt I was being delusional, thanks
someone please answer
Thanks!
if you don't hoard your porn and chinese cartoons you can probably get by with the skin of your teeth with a 500GB ssd.  they last longer than you think, but since you're probably going to keep hoarding it'll probably die off a bit faster
What CPU do you have?
do you mean that not using your ssd limits its lifespan?
you can still try your luck,  it recently was released on mac and i bet it was optimized for mac laptops which may or may not have similiar spec to the chromebook you have.  you're going to need to research that yourself
Nothing, follow the wiki and learn as you go you'll do fine. I'm not an expert by any means and I've been running Gentoo as my primary OS for over a year now. The wiki and IRC are great and the Arch wiki can also help you.
I want a very small laptop. not a tablet with a shitty keyboard, small and light as possible, should be able to run some old ass games like zoo tycoon, watch movies, and other general web browsing. I'd like it to have mouse buttons on the trackpad but since that seems to be getting phased out on smaller laptops it's not absolutely necessary. No chromebooks, it should be able to run a real OS. budget it 400$
Thanks, that's what I did to install arch and then learned from my machine breaking
Perfect, you're in for a similar ride then.
Is there a way to make a pc perform a predetermined task?what is task scheduler
writing some codeyeah that's a silly toy, don't bother with itstart with apache or nginx instead, you'll learn something useful that way
Anyone? Pls respond.
X220
Do pornstars have LinkedIn?
what's with the whole c99 and c11? does it matter which one I pick?
I'm a left handed user, and mouse wise, I like the slighty curved ergonomic shape of the death adder, so I've been using the left handed death adder for years.Sadly, it's a POS, and it finally broke down to the point of being unusable. I'm wondering if there are any mice out there that are a similiar shape for lefties, or just in general what's a good mouse for left handed people.....
silly toy I figured as much. I guess I should just focus on learning advanced apache usage instead. Thanks
What's the easiest way to install drivers and shit on a fresh install of windows 7
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C11_C_standard_revision#Changes_from_C99
google the drivers for the hardware in your machine, download and install them.  Motherboard stuff first, then gpu and whatever else you need
ANSI or die.
If you don't know then pick C99 as it is a very widely used standard and you almost certainly don't need any C11 features
I made a context menu in windows for opening a file with a python script. Like right click-open with foo.py.What do I need to add to my script to have it expect a file input in this way? Right now it just accepts a command line argument and this would be faster for me.Any idea on what docs I should look up, I have had no luck searching for this
http://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/python_command_line_arguments.htmJust pass the filepath as an argument and then read the file or do whatever the fuck you want to do with it.
How do I use Arch with VirtualBox? Every time I've tried, I get this error when I try to start it the first time. Am I using the wrong image? I'm using the one from the torrent link here https://www.archlinux.org/download/
http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~jae/4118/arch-setup-2015-1.htmlI used this before and it worked.
I'm thinking about building a tiny LED array with 200 0.5mm led's a 150mAH battery and a quartz oscillator or something to tell the time. How can I go about working out how long the battery would last?
It says it's not a valid win32 application, I guess I'll fuck around with py2exethanks
Whats a good desktop microphone for a reasonable price? Seems like everyone is about that Blue Yeti shit but their must be something better or cheaper out there?
Best way to go about securely wiping a hard drive clean?Looking to pass on an old computer to a family member but don't really want them to find my loli if they try to recover stuff from the disk.
I forgot my password to my win 8 computer and because I used my pin instead and now thanks to a friend it doesn't work either. What are my options for restoring the password?
get one of them programs that writes it full of junk a few times, unless they're a forensics expert they won't find anything
You know best how much space you need, but I personally would keep a spare built in or not in case it breaks. I would do the same if I was only running on one HDD.It mattered when I was in university because we had to compile for c99 and remove all warnings that was around 2010.Adding to that, I prefer a structured way and not just 'try stuff'. I like 'the Hard Way' so far and it's easy to blast through 1-19 with some prior programming knowledge. Gets mildly interesting around ex13 and I will continue some other time.I see why people recommend Python as first language. I'm not sure if a C tutorial/book would seem that easy to follow, I should check one out some time for comparison.
dd if=/dev/random of=/dev/sdXTakes some time, but they probably won't be able to recover anything.
Boot a Linux live cd, mount the windows drive, go into the system32 and find Utilman.exe, rename it to something else then make a copy of cmd.exe and name it to Utilman.exe. Now reboot. At the login screen click on the accessibilty button thing. That button launches Utilman.exe which will now give you a cmd prompt with system level access on top of the login screen, you can even start programs and even explorer.exe on top your login screen, they will run as user "system". This works on XP and 7 anyway but I don't use Windows so I dunno if it works on 8, I assume it does cos Microsoft never fixes anything.
I'll give it a try
Forgot to say of course obviously you can use that system cmd prompt to change the password for your account.
Please report back if it works, I've done it many times on 7 and would love to know if it still works on 8.
Tried installing the extension pack for VBox since that was the only thing in the guide I hadn't done, still got the same result. Thanks anyway tho
Where can I find a key for Windows 8.1 N? I only need it during the installation process as it seems that editing the ei.cfg corrupts the installation. I have seen Keys for 8.1 N Pro and 8.1 N Enterprise but obviously these don't work on the base version of 8.1.
What's the point of a VPN? I don't get why people choose to use a VPN for movie instead of streaming from a site, can someone explain?
How do I rice firefox? I started to play around with themes in cinnamon and really liked the results until I opened firefox which looks like a mess.
i5 4460,Gigabyte GA-H97, Noctua NH-D14     orFX 8350,Gigabyte GA-970A-DS3P, Noctua NH-D14
i5 if you plan on playing gamesFX if you plan on doing work which you have made sure has multicore support
License question /g/I want a license that allows basically everything but two things. The first is obvious, I'm not held liable basically every licenses has this, but the second one is not so obvious. I want to prevent sublicensing under any license that requires the source to be distributed.Essentially I want to allow copyright or "public domain"ish uses of my code, but disallow copyleft.Any ideas? I'm not sure if this license exists
I'm currently looking at this guy.http://www.amazon.com/Left-handed-Contour-Ergonomic-1200DPI-buttons/dp/B00E64I5QM/
I have music and video files on a VPS.How do I do on-demand streaming via http? I don't want to use bullshit protocols like rtsp.
Why would you want to disallow copylefted versions? It won't affect your version anyway. Also you can write your own licence, also Section 7 of the GPL  allows you to add extra conditions but obviously not this.
If I ever want to merge derivative work back into my main code, if it's been placed under GPL it becomes tainted and would force me to switch to GPL. Also because I fundamentally disagree with copyleft even more than copyright, and I feel it's irony at it's best.gnu.org says the Original BSD license is incompatible. I'll probably use that unless anyone else has another suggestion.
how do I change the boot timeout in refind? I changed it in the refind.conf file but it's not actually changing anything
You are a terrible person. What is wrong with copyleft? Everybody wins. I'm getting a vibe here that you want to make something, let other people improve it then take it back and sell it/make it propritary after others do the work of improving it for you. Thats the only reason I see for why you could be against a licence that prevents hording and greed.
Everybody that works inside of copyleft open source software wins. Everyone outside of that situation loses. Also everyone inside is seen as "the hero" and everyone outside is seen as "a villain." Maybe I want my code to be used by anyone. Anyone else who comes along and improves it, great! Lets make it available to everyone! Oh... you don't make it available to anyone working on proprietary software... and you don't even make it available to anyone who is working on open source software that may later be used in proprietary software like myself... just you and your buddies. Copyleft licenses aren't licenses that prevents hording and greed. They _are_ the licenses of hording and greed.Also the original BSD only has an incompatible line with GPL, not explicitly denying copyleft sublicensing. Not really what I'm looking for, because it could still be sublicensed under a lesser copyleft license.
Everybody that works inside of copyleft open source software wins.Which is the point. Why the fuck would you make free software so that corporations can take it and make zillions without giving you or anyone else anything back? You give software away in the hopes people will give interesting software away as well.Of course no individual dev actually enforces licenses so it doesn't matter anyway.
How is it wrong to refuse to share with people who will not share? Why give freedom respecting tools to people who will use them to create freedom denying products? You actually think its okay for free software to be used to make propritary products? "oh thanks for all the free code guys hahaha 200 bucks now no editing hahaha". Why do you think its okay to charge money for OTHER peoples work? No propritary company should be able to take freely available code and sell it for profit. Fuck that and fuck anyone who thinks about doing that. The whole point of the GPL is to prevent good people being fucked over by jews. If you want to make a closed down program and sell it then fine, I don't agree with it but go ahead but you should damn have to write all that code yourself, not sell other peoples fucking work for your own greedy cunt reasons.
Where did Stallman and co. create and test their free software before the Linux kernel existed?
http://zedshaw.com/archive/why-i-algpl/I want people to appreciate the work I’ve done and the value of what I’ve made.Not pass on by waving “sucker” as they drive their fancy cars.
Stallman started working on GNU while at the AI Lab at MIT. He would sell Emacs on disks for 100$ and send it to you by post if you could not download it.
The feature for persistent memory with unetbootin is for Ubuntu only. I haven't used ubuntu in years so I'm not sure if that feature still works or not. All you need is the ISO and Unetbootin to make a bootable linux usb. And yes you do need to format the drive at first but after that you can use it as a bootable and regular flash drive if you want, not recommended though.
Why the fuck would you make free software so that corporations can take it and make zillions without giving you or anyone else anything back? You give software away in the hopes people will give interesting software away as well.Because I'm developing true open source software. This isn't about what I get out of it. I'm giving to the community without a hook requiring I get something back. I don't hope anything. If someone takes my work, expands on it, then charges $100 under a proprietary license then good for them.Of course no individual dev actually enforces licenses so it doesn't matter anyway.True, but companies will shy away from GPL and GPL will shy away from companies. It's more preventative than anything else.How is it wrong to refuse to share with people who will not share? Why give freedom respecting tools to people who will use them to create freedom denying products?Do you not see the irony of your post? I am literally asking for a license that refuses to share my code with people who will not share GPL [with non-gpl works]. My code is the free, except to people who create freedom denying products such as the GPL.You actually think its okay for free software to be used to make propritary products? "oh thanks for all the free code guys hahaha 200 bucks now no editing hahaha". Why do you think its okay to charge money for OTHER peoples work?Yes and yes because I told them they could. If you take my shitty code, and make some fantastic product out of it that is a huge hit, you deserve the money, or to keep your code, or whatever. Especially since I told you "here is my work, no strings attached." Not "here is my work, you can only work on it `for free libre.`"Thanks, I'll read
Finished reading. All I could hear was "me, me, me."Well, fuck that. He's not writing open source software for others, he's writing it for himself. He wanted the recognition. He wanted the money. Copyleft is just a proprietary exclusive club with self interest at it's core, claiming moral superiority when it's members obviously lack in that area. I'm sure there is a ton of great people who just want to give to the community and persuade others to do the same, but the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Why would you rice your browser..
If i don't put up any licence to a program i made, what's it's state then?Free4all, belongs to me until otherwise stated or something else?
how do i learn what all the blabber is on the console when you boot an os eg NET: Registered protocol family 2 thnx
Very restrictive actually:http://choosealicense.com/no-license/
Whoa. Always thought the "do what the fuck you want with it" licence or whatever it is called was useless..Thanks for educating me, bro.
I'm trying to install LinuxXubuntu on a dying iMac 5.2Late 2006 running Mac OS X 10.4.11 Tiger.Specs: Intel Core 2 Duo 1.85Ghz512MB DDR2 SDRAM but going to upgrade to 2GB DDR2 soon.160GB 7200 RPM HDDHowever, I've tried to boot a Xubuntu LiveDVD that I know works but it just keeps ejecting it after reading it for a few seconds and proceeds to boot Mac OS X.I've resized the Apple HFS patition already.Any ideas?
Is this a good enough processor to watch blu ray videos?http://ark.intel.com/products/37104/Intel-Xeon-Processor-E5540-8M-Cache-2_53-GHz-5_86-GTs-Intel-QPI
change boot order
paranoia
So, there is vip, z and jAre there any more hidden parts on 4chinz to check out?
Format, then use a program that writes random 0s and 1s.
Yes, I've seen quite a few that were legit.
If you run two of them in RAID 1 you can, and without worries.
boards.4chan.org/qadon't spread it around too much
I run fedora on a laptop. I like playing shitty mindless passive clicking games.What's a program I can use to automate thousands of clicks per second? Preferably with GUI because I don't have autism and open sores so I know I'm not in a botnet.
you sick fuckanything else?
Hi, so I need a new keyboard. I am looking for one that is:-quiet-does not have a numpad- has blue backlight not so importantI know that /g/ is not my personal tech support / advisor so post what keyboards you are using.
has blue backlightkek.Pic related is the keyboard I'm using.
that looks like shit.is it comfortable?
http://www.amazon.com/Storm-QuickFire-Rapid-Tenkeyless-Mechanical/dp/B0068INSUMPretty solid board, no backlight though, I don't think you will regret not having one.
Yes, much more comfortable than flat mechanical keyboards people will recommend here.
Truly Ergonomic keyboard is shite. I know because I own one. You constantly get doubled letters. Fucked up debounce. They even admit to it on their website and they think it's acceptable.
quiet
Did I link the option with MX Reds? They're a linear switch, so the quietest mechanical you'll get aside from Topres I suppose... I assumed you wanted mechanical keyboards. Plus you can always buy o rings if they arent quiet enough for you.
Not that poster but I have one. I removed the bottom part which props the keyboard up. Typing feel isn't as good as a mechanical keyboard. There is also a learning curve. All that said, I got used to it within a week, and since I type for hours every day the difference in comfort is amazing. My wrists don't ache any more.
What is /g/ developing at the moment?IRC Channel#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: https://www.rizon.net/chatWhere to starthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JilfXmI2IjQhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXqs6X0lzKILearning materialhttps://www.codecademy.com/https://www.bento.io/https://programming-motherfucker.com/https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.mdhttps://www.theodinproject.com/Frontend developmenthttps://github.com/dypsilon/frontend-dev-bookmarksBackend developmenthttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_web_application_frameworkshttps://gist.github.com/dypsilon/5819528Useful toolshttps://pastebin.com/q5nB1Npt/https://libraries.io/ - Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmenthttps://pastebin.com/4YeJAUbT/How I Got a Job in Web Developmenthttp://elliotec.com/how-i-got-a-job-in-web-development/
Trying to set up a place to host my Laravel built site. What a nightmare..Ended up using AWS and Bitnami got a good bitnami deal with GitHub student pack.  Even learning how to use these services I'm finding tricky.
I'm trying to fix my site.. using offline git for version controltry to upload site with ftpftp overwrites offline files instead of server files loose 2 weeks of worklearn the hard way that git isnt meant for backing up :
Laravel question for you guys:If I validate a form doesn't matter if controller/middleware and it's invalid it just sends me to the next page without applying the changes. The form points to manage/save. The controller for that page does nothing but validate that phone is digits:5,20 and then $user-phone = $request['phone'] and save. If I enter a correct phone number, it saves and sends me to the next page. If enter an incorrect phone number, it doesn't save and sends me to the home page.Any ideas where its wrong?We do that on Google AppEngine. Any VPS will work as well.
Hey guys, having trouble getting my database to connect. Code below, on load I am met with pic related. ? // DB details    $hostname = "localhost";    $username = "root";    $password = "";    $dbname = "homepage";    // Create connection    $conn = new mysqli$hostname, $username, $password, $dbname;    // Check connection    if $conn-connect_error {        die"Connection failed: " . $conn-connect_error;    }    $sql = "SELECT * FROM links";    $result = $conn-query$sql;    var_dump$conn-error, $conn-errno;    if $result-num_rows  0 {        while$row = $result-fetch_assoc {}     } else {    echo "0 results";}$conn-close;?What am i doing wrong?
Looks like php is not parsed to me, it interprets the first part between  as one big html tag that ends at $conn-...Either your server is borked or you did not save as php file
What...?
Use ?php shorttags are deprecated.
Change ? with ?php in the first line.
How is Google's AppEngine? Looking through the page now. Seems easy to use. AWS is wrecking my head.Much costs on it after the 60 days?
Anyone used Microsoft Azure before?
Corporate pays for it, so I don't really know. We got some company offer a while back and I think we're still on that discount.I used this:https://github.com/shpasser/GaeSupportL5and it's pretty easy to deploy actually. Not using the cloud sql though as sqlite is fine so far.
What color schemes do you run in sublime?
;_;Well I'm boned. I finally got my site up and hosted, but I deployed it with the auth all still in place, thinking I would modify the controller later to allow creating an account temporarily without signing in. But now Azure refuses to change the relevant file or anything else when I rebuild/redeploy. The changed files are pushed successfully, I've checked, but the app doesn't update.I guess I'll have to run my password through the hashing functions locally and then manually insert my credentials into the DB on Azure.
none, because I don't use proprietary abandonware. at least use atom
ok
I don't do much these days, so I started making little start pages like this for myself/fun/stress relief.
Actually just realized it's possible my local copy of the app might be able to let me just register an account and have that data stored in the remote DB since that's what it's configured to use now. Sadly I won't know for a while since I already started a long update to get the SDK that would allow me to access the remote DB directly.Writing websites has been nothing but fun and engaging, but man, deploying/hosting them is a giant pain in the ass.
Looks like ass
What  said. Go read up on design a bit.
Eh, hour-long funthing. Not trying to impress anyone, not going on any resumes, so I don't mind it.
I like adding buttons.Never studied design. Any recommendations?
It's not that you added too many buttons, it's that they don't look nice.
Never thought of doing that. I like it. Now think of a clever way of hiding my porn links
Why would you ever need to hide them?
It's a kid.
Just find a webdesign blog and start reading.The problem with yours is that nothing fits together, you have:- Real-life cluttered background- Random logos in different colors in the top left corner- Random logo with gradients in the middle- Unstyled input and button that looks nothing like the rest- Lack of padding on the black box- Media, Social etc buttons are very unattractive.
people in here are literally using php instead of phoenix frameworkdo you morons like having to code in a shit language while still not getting response times measured in microseconds?
function topKek {  var q = prompt"Do you even webdev?".toLowerCase;  if q !== "yes" {    return "faggot";  } else if q == "yes" {    return "kek";  }}
Notreturn q == "yes" ? "kek" : "faggot";
topKek;
Not?
What are you classing an the response time? The time to receive a request, process, render a page, and send it back out?
Notreturn Prompt"Do you even webdev?".toLowerCase === "yes" ? "kek" : "Faggot";
Btw I saw a video with someone writing  $something ?: false;in php.Is there a similair way to do that in JS? Don't know what to google for.
rekt
That’s it. Let’s get this as short as possible. That’ll make it easier to read for sure!
Workflow question here. Whats the best way to get local code on my mac pushed and minified to my Digital Ocean server as efficiently and effortlessly as possible?
What do you want to return if it's not true?var notTrue = false;return notTrue ? null : false;
?: is exclusive to phpYou'd do something like!!fooBar ? fooBar : falseOr just use an if statement if you want your code to be easily readable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=_FzgdoHlXaU#t=473
Yes
What are you doing with the request?
Hey doing a little something in angular.How can I stop a gigantic chain of promises when changing a page? It just doesn't stop.
You're going to have to be more specific. Or post some code at least.
I WAS USING JAVASCRIPT YOU BAKA IDIOTS, NOT PHP!!
I have something like this:func1.thenfunc2.thenfunc3.thenfunc4...These functions handle audio and canvas. Even if I change the page midway through func2 for example app/page1 to app/page2, it won't stop the chain and I'll still hear the audio from func3 func4 etc.
Git hooks.Use callback or a flow control library like async.js.
I really need some help with October CMS does someone here have any experience with it???
Trying to think of things I want to add to my web framework. I think it already does anything I'd want from a framework, so I'm tempted to leave it alone until I use it for a project that demands more of it. https://github.com/marlencrabapple/you-the-real-mvc
Shoulda backed up your git repo you dangus.
Are you using ng-view?
How can I use a script/job/something scheduled in order to execute a task within my application? I can think of dumb solutions like having a URL with secret GET parameters that will trigger it, for the script to make a request to, but no good solutions.
Push notifications?
Can a robot write a symphony? Can a robot turn a... canvas into a beautiful masterpiece?

Yes, given enough processing
Its funny because we're not even that far into the future as that movie is set and our robots can do both of those things.
Can a robot write a symphony? yes, yet it can. there are programs that write symphonies and people can't tell them apart from those written by humans.Can a robot turn a... canvas into a beautiful masterpiece?it sure can.https://vimeo.com/68859229
Still, Their robots are like 50 years in the future as far as movement. Our two-legged ones can barely balance themselves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU&t=11m15s
iRobot's AI almost stopped the global misery but of course protagonist decided it's to continue never ending corruption, suffering was the better option. Asshole. Humankind's only chance for survival is truly altruistic AI.
Can a robot turn a... canvas into a beautiful masterpiece?Nigga, do you even printer?
Until robots get true AI, they cannot create anything other than what they are told. That's the point of the saying.
your thread isn't going to go anywhere as most anon don't think about these types of questions  but just the physical tech itself.
anons on this board*
That's the point of the saying.True, but the saying gets deprecated by the fact that the answer is yes regardless if it cannot think to do it on its own.
I did not murder him.
Robots will always just be tools, never sentient beings that can create of their own volition,. You can't program consciousness.
Strong AI is out of reach now.But some day in the future, someone WILL find a a genius that can program a self improving AI.Robotics will evolve long before this
Who needs AI when you can have IA?
Yeah. The lack of the word "create" is the problem.
"Humans need not reply" What job will you usher your child in the future?
elaborate
AI is Artificial Intelligence.IA is Intelligence Amplification.Imagine being able to offload computation to something else while you think about other things, like how a CPU does with a GPU.Of course, IA is more expansive than modifying your brain.
ok I get it
have you seen the state of modern art lately?some guy sold a print of an instagram screenshot for $100000 you just have to say it's art to it be artjust make a robot that shoots paint randomily and plays a  synthesized voice saying "It is art! don't judge me!" repeatedly
can a robot write a symphonywell since music is just mathematical progressions, I don't see why not
wrong quote
Yes. No.
Maybe this would be an appropriate place to ask: has /g/ read pic related?For the longest time I never read into the AI alarmist stuff that people like Paul Allen and Elon Musk had been throwing around, since I figured there's always going to be neoluddites/contrarians to just about anything, but I don't know anymore.I think at least considering the ethical discussion behind what people like Bostrom and Barrat are saying is worth considering. How do you codify human morality?
considering is worth consideringSorry, I'm an idiot, but you get what I'm saying.
you sound like a horrible person to talk to
What makes you say that? I was just asking a question.I'm on the fence about this. I wanted to know what people who are smarter/more entrenched into AI and compsci thought.
yes.yes.
Consciousness is a human construct
How do you codify human morality?My stance on this is sort of “you don't”. As in, you can't.There was a long-ish thread about this a day or two ago where I elaborated on the reasons why, but the basic idea in my opinion is that as the level of intelligence in a system approaches that of the human brain, our level of control over it approaches zero.Once AI surpasses us, we will be totally unable to understand or control it, we would only be able to watch it unfold.So we sort of need to think carefully about what capabilities we give hyperintelligences and what we let them do, because as the systems become intelligent enough we will inevitably no longer be able to shackle it.
There was a long-ish thread about this a day or two agoMan, I would love to see that thread. I have a lot of fun seeing people discuss this. So interesting.I remember reading a quote recently where essentially what was said was that once AI is created, not only will we be unable to control it, but we shouldn't control it. That we should essentially just "get out of it's way."Do you agree with that?
I think one of the best eventualities we can hope for with AI is that it forms a sort of "caretaker" mentality, where humans are put into a near perfect virtual reality, and are given god like powers withing that virtual reality, while the AI continues to expand it's capabilities by harvesting and turning planets into giant computing centers, with the eventual goal of reversing entropy and initializing the big crunch, restarting the cycle.
https://archive.rebeccablacktech.com/g/thread/S48231334#p48232270EnjoyDo you agree with that?Yes, absolutely. I am of the stance that as soon as we develop something with our level of intelligence, we treat it as an equal.As soon as it's above our intelligence, we should treat it as our superior.For the record, I'm not convinced if it's possible for us to create something with above-human intelligence. The brain is absurdly efficient at what it does and pretty much at a local optimization plateau; we'd either need a radically different approach or radically new engineering, the likes of which we can't even dream of right now
Not him, but you would like hearing about the AI Effect:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AI_effectOne guy told me about it a while back.  What do you think?
Can you?
For the record, I'm not convinced if it's possible for us to create something with above-human intelligence.I'm inclined to agree, at least for now, but a lot of people I've read take issue with that stance, naysayers and supporters of AI alike. I've heard people suggest that in order to make an ASI, as long as you have something that operates at AGI levels whole brain emulation or whatever, for instance, you just, say, overclock the processor, or install faster hardware. Then, already you have something that exceeds the human capacity, however small. It seems like an "infinity plus 1" argument, but I still can't really see how it's wrong.Thanks for the link and your responses, by the way!
are you a pirate? how would you feel if people stole what you put years of your life into?
Yes, and I use adblock too.
if you don't want people to have certain  information, you should keep it secret
Woo! The daily copyright shill thread! Hi copyright shill! Hiiiiiiii!
I put years of my life into pirating media. Why won't the content cartel pay me in cash for my efforts? I'm not a charity.
I simply license everything under the GPL 2.
I am. Everything i created was always provided free to use. Which includes music and little programs.
Oh boo hoo the poor Hollywood jews./thread
All information and media should be free.
I pretty much give away everything I do.  So, don't care much.  I take back less than I give.Also, copies are not "theft."
what is the evolution of words and vocabulary
If piracy is a concern of yours then you shouldn't be making the product to begin with.
Added :^ to all alphabet agencies watch lists
I try not to, unless there's a program I absolutely need with no free alternative. I'm too lazy to pirate, honeslty
pirateMind your words: https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.html#PiracystoleCopying is not theft:http://youtu.be/IeTybKL1pM4I download warez, block ads and use free software whenever I can. No regrets.
found the MAFIAA shill
years of my life went into education.can someone steal my debt.
how would you feel if people stole what you put years of your life into?Better than if nobody ever saw it.
10/10
Why would they steal it? I already give away all of my software for free.
This.I'd be honored to have someone like anything I made so much that they had to pirate it
goddamn pirates;_;
why does this guy keep posting pics of himselfsome hermit
I put an app on google play once, I wouldn't mind if folks pirate it at all, but fucking buying it and charging back is soul destroying.ooh I made a sale!oh wait, no I didn't - fuck
If people aren't pirating it,it's shit OP
When i was a boy, we bought albums pressed on vinyl and copied them to cassette tapes. We gave them to friends. we made mix taoes for parties. We traded them or gave them away. Dual cassette recorders started showing up on store shelves. Now record comoaies have to compete with iTunes. And record companies are still promoting music aimed at 14 year olds because baby boomers bought a billion Elvis and Beatles records. Well those baby boomers are in their 60s and 70s now. The only people who want Miley Cyrus records are 14 year olds and their aren't as many as there used to be. Stop blaming your outdated business model on illegal sharing, it's been around forever.
tfw learning assembly to bypass any restrictions in OP's software
If people stoleI'd be pretty pissed.If people made a replica of, keeping the originals in tact.I don't know, I wouldn't give too much of a fuck.
Currently looking for some decent overear headphones, my Sony MDR V55 died today and i want to upgrade, what are your recommendations.i've been told to look at the Audio Technica ATH M50x from a friend, what do you use?
.
b
that one in the picture
is there any rival for this price range?
.
.
Sony MDR 1Ror MDR V6 if you're looking for more analyticalAth-m50 are literally an overhyped meme
why are they overhyped
I use ATH M50s.
They were good/great for their price at around 100-110 dollars, and then the price shot up hurting their value. Particularly noticeable with the M50x pricing.
NVX XPT100
I have the ATH-M50X headphone and It is great for listening and electronic music production. The headband feels tight after a few hours of use, but the sound is amazing.
is there much noise leak, im using my old Steelseries Siberians V2's around the house and there so loud of the ear!
would you say there worth it?
m50 overhyped mereMDR V6 more analyticalTop kek
Totally, some of the best cans you might get in the price range
Awwwww yus
tube dacKill yourself you unbelievably massive retard
If you want great sound reproduction, M40x. If you want that + bass boost, M50x.I must note that the M50x's are overpriced. Go over to /hpg/ for better recommendations.
ATH-M50 Sure if you want your brain to be literally squeezed out of your eyesockets Get something more sensible like the NVX or Takstars
Better to go with IM70 instead
i dont want in ear, i wear ear plugs all day at work :/
I have these, they were good at the price I got em 90$ on salethough I wouldn't consider myself an audio snob so I don't use too many different head phones. Like others have said if they are for 150$ then you are better off looking elsewhere
Aw, you jelly
Of a terrible dac that can't even do its job? Yeah, definitely.
what do you use?Audio Technica ATH-M40fs. I love 'em to death. Used to have Sony MDR-7504 that I owned since the 90's. Got the M40fs after they finally fell apart completely.
Watch out, you might cut yourself on that edge.
go to head-fi or something, they'll welcome clueless idiots like yourselfyou can discuss how those new tubes made the soundstage on your dac so much larger
What is your opinion on the Nyko power bank. There is a big controversy among game nerds who think it will make you PS4 overheat, with some arguably saying that the fact that the original 2.5 inch drive will not be there would actually make it run cooler and would not break it..It would be nice to have a 6TB in my PS4I would like the opinion of /g/ though and not some console fags.
Here's your reply.
install
Because of the placement and larger drive type, excessive heating can occur. If it is officially licensed or you like living on the edge, go for it.
gentoo
The last Nyko product I ever owned was a cooler for the Xbox 360.  It caught my 360 on fire.  I shit you not.So that's my view on Nyko.
Why not just settle for a 2TB samsung laptop drive. It comes twith a 500GB samsung laptop drive so it would be run like new. Why take the chance? Who the hell will actually even come close to putting 6TB on a PS4?
hey this is pretty much what im getting for my first gaming PC buildam i missing anything?open to suggestions for the graphics, motherboard and power supply
screenshot of a photo of a screenBuy a pre-built.
ibone screenshot of a photo of a screen of another devicebait
Photo of a screenScreenshotApple userasking others for advicepost same thread in /v/doesnt read the sticky
You're a big guy.
4u
fag
photo of screenhttp://pcpartpicker.com/p/y4WwJx
What technology are you using to stay looking young to prolong your employability in the tech sector?
window shutters
Voice control lessons and telemarketing jobs.
Korean plastic surgeries
jordans are technology right?
non ironically wanting to work longer than you need to.
What do people do after they leave technology?
die
I work from home, nobody gives a fuck what a I look like as long as I've got a smooth sexy voice
Have Asian genetics
.
waste of bandwidth OP go somewhere else
you didn't even sawgay
Developers with JOBS, post your stats Age:  Race : Experience:  Curent Job :  Dream Job :  Language of choice :  Why'd you start coding : Rate : I'll start. Age: 19  Race : African American Experience: 6 Years Curent Job : Web Developer Dream Job : Computer Security / Pen-Tester Language of choice : Javascript  hate me  , C++ Why'd you start coding : Googled " How did they make runescape "   Rate : $25/hour At the globe; $50/hour freelance. inb4 nigger
 Age: 20 Race : German master race Experience: None when I started Curent Job : Webdev Dream Job : - this one is the best I can currently imagine Language of choice : PHP Why'd you start coding : Was shown some simple if/else stuff by a friend at the age of 14. Rate : 14$/hour + a small bonus every half yearHow the fuck do you make so much per hour OP
picAAAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHevery single time
Because I'm in Boston, and we're competing really hard with San Francisco and New York for the best software city in the country.Plus, I made my way into the Tech industry through a lot of networking; I came straight out of the ghetto and people liked that about me for some reason. tl;dr : Kick ass mentors opened up some doors for meBut dude : PHP??? Why
I mirin' OP
He doesn't.196 years experienceAnybody who counts their early days of hello world sure as fuck doesn't have a job, much less in penetration testing.22White3 yearsSoftware testing and automationSomething that pays me moreRubyI was going to build a web-based POS and sell it to idiotsRate: $3500/month flat rate salary
If I post pics of my contracts, will you be my friend?
Well...Okay nigger-san
I guess you also have more costs in Boston and also more experience than me, Ha.PHP because fuck it, it simply works. I built something like my own framework that makes all shit database related pretty easy. Like, two hours and I have a fully working serverside for my smarthome or whatever.I don't get the hate on PHP. It's getting shit done and I've never had any trouble with it okay, the errors could be explained a bit better sometimes.
Web developerComputer security / Pen-TesterkekSorry to break it to you, but you're too stupid to be working in computer security. Running ping and script kiddie tools does not a pen-tester make.
 Age: 23 Race : White Experience: 3 years of actual work related experience. Been programming for 7 years. Curent Job : Software Engineer Dream Job : Dunno Language of choice : C# Why'd you start coding : Took an HTML course and hated it. The week of javascript we did was really cool though so I took more programming courses. Rate : Roughly $66,000/year
Age: 22Race: German Experience: 1 yr internship experienceCurrent Job: Software Engineer InternDream Job: Software EngineerLanguage of choice: Depends on the task, usually JavaWhy'd you start coding: I love computersRate: $30/hr
African AmericanStopped reading right there.
Kawaii cracker San! And to the kid who said I'm too stupid to pen test : I Started taught myself to code at 13, and at the age of 19 I'm being paid more than anyone in my family.. I'm an asset everywhere I go,, and I understand the fact people expect me to be the office nigga novelty, so I prove myself everywhere I go I'm talented bruh. Don't hate
Forgot pic
coding for one year$30/hour...Yeah but this shit gets me jelly. Congratulations bruh
Only taking two exemptionsNigga you giving the government an interest free loanGet your fuckin W4 sorted out
$14/hourIs this seriously what people in the tech industry make?I work a shitty manual labor job and I make more than that.
No, he's being seriously underpaid. I wouldn't take a job for less than 50k a year, and I was 18 while job searching.
 Age: 35 Race : white Experience: 3 years Curent Job : software engineer Dream Job : Architect Language of choice : c++ Why'd you start coding : hobby Rate : 67k / year
I'm 19, I have no idea how these taxes things work. I just know they are fucking me over on every check.Like I said before, nobody in my family has ever seen this type of pay. I had little advice, and was too embarrassed to ask my college graduate co-workers for help to be completely honest...
 Age: 23 Race : caucasian white Experience: 2 years Curent Job : Junior Software Dev Dream Job : System Analyst Language of choice : C# Why'd you start coding : I was 13yo, my family was poor and I had a bottom-line low computer. Not being able to run gams made me get interested into computers themselves. Fast forward a year and I have been selling  scripts for game servers for $ funny thing, father thought I was selling drugs Rate : depends, around 11$/hour. But I live in a country where minimal wage is 400$
Is this seriously what people in the tech industry make?I've been hired without any experience in that field and without any references. I'm a student working parttime with only about 1 year parttime experience now.I'm quite sure that I have more money than other students here, also because I only have to pay 180 bucks a month for my dorm room.
 10 years of actual coding experienceCome to the states, there are comfy tech jobs waiting.Make a linkedin and recruiters will literally call you out of the blue to pitch you a job offer.
Age: 20Race: USExperience: I've been in uni for two yearsCurrent Job: Software Engineer InternDream Job: Software EngineerLanguage of choice: Java I guessWhy'd you start coding: Video games?Rate: $26/hr
Yeah, I'm good with Europe. I may be interested in Huston area tho.Kind of hard for me to get past my shitty russian accent. I haven't tried sending any applications yet. You think monster is a good way to start?I also have nice linkedin page and been working in IT non stop since I was 18 local IT, junior PHP dev, Symfony dev, now this. Thanks for such nice words anon :3
Quit job to get a degree in CS lel, but I'll post my job details as of then Age: 23 Race : white Experience: 2 years 6 months sysadmin + 1.5 years .NET dev Previous Job : Junior .NET Dev C#, VB, plus all the shit that goes along with them like js, sql, asp.net, etc Dream Job : I don't dream of jobs, but anything high paying and low effort is good used to be a sysadmin for $80/hr which was nice Language of choice : Depends on the job but usually I end up with c/perl. Python and java are really cute though. Why'd you start coding : No reason, that's just how you use computer... Rate : $40/hr
 Age: 24 Race : Indian Experience: Few months Current Job : Reverse engineer in a comp sec company Dream Job : This Language of choice : C, ASM Why'd you start coding : Can't remember Rate : £29k/yr
No doubt dude, the best thing about the tech industry is the lack of dickheads. People are usually brogrammers. But you should look towards San Francisco if you want job security; I heard startups hire like crazy out there. New York has great tech jobs for people with your level of expertise, you could easily land a job with a very generous salary. Boston is just the best though. We're a small town, everyone knows everyone. Networking is so easy, and Boston always has that 'yeah man lets be cool man!' vibe to it. And yes, monster is a great platform imo. Not super professional ofcourse, but it gets what you need done. Good luck bro, hope you make it! Russian remote coders are the fucking best btw.
Race: US
aka white american slob
 Age: 19 Race :I don't know. I'm Brazilian, so black I guess. Experience: 8 years. Curent Job : Unemployed. Dream Job : Army officer. Language of choice : Python. Why'd you start coding :Needed money to buy stuff. Rate :20 American monies per hour for contract work.
I haven't worked in a year: I worked for six months before that and saved up fifteen grand and then went and did jack shit in Japan and Thailand for a while.I'll put the stats from my previous job for shits n giggles though Age: 32 Race : honky Experience:  6 months, and hobby shit Curent Job : none Dream Job : founding member of successful indie game dev studio Language of choice : C Why'd you start coding : games Rate : 27 USD per hour
OP why would you post a pic of your payslip you fucktard.
I love that picture so much...Age: 25Race: WhiteExperience: 4 yearsCurent Job: C# ASP.NET WebForms is the main technologyDream Job: I don't know, have my own software company? Language of choice: I don't know that many, currently C#Why'd you start coding: Into computers since I was a kid, felt like a natural progressionRate: In dollars about $2500 clean per month
Yeah I realized that was pretty dumb, got kind of arrogant....Then realized more than half the people in this thread make more than me. Ah. Oh well, will keep learning and eventually make as much as you guys :D
 Age: 26 Race:Fucking human you dipshit caucasian btw Experience:One year Curent Job: Programmer Dream Job: Lottery winner Language of choice: The least worst I've programmed is maybe C or Python Why'd you start coding:I worked on a factory and was doing good, but I browse /g/ since forever and I was like "dude I need to know this shit" and then I went to college IT, and I'm on the second year of it now. I'm liking it and I found this internship on advpl development and last year I was hired as a programmer. Rate: R$1995,37/monthThis is about 600 dollars, roughtly ~7000 a yearBeing brazilian kinda sucks
19 years old8 years experiencemfw
How did you become a reverse engineer??Please teach me , my Indian overlord :CS degreeCollegeLelzDon't join the Army, be a developer. Comfy tech chair  Guns
That rate needs to be parsed or something, whoa. But continue bro, there will never be a lack of need for developers.Not understanding that future generations will be code literate by the age of 10Not understanding cultural evolution
 Age: 28 Race :Snowflake Experience: 12 years, although I did some work while underageb& for extra monies. Curent Job : Managing director of a web dev house Dream Job :Repairing vintage radios Language of choice :Whatever is best for the job.   Why'd you start coding :To hurr get into game dev. Briefly had a stint at a games company, decided I didn't like it. Rate :£325/day ~$500
 Age: 20 Race : White Experience: Like 4~ years of personal projects Current Job : Freelance programmer Dream Job : My current one. Who wouldn't want to wake up at 3pm everyday. Language of choice : C and Python. Why'd you start coding : I wanted to write game hacks. Rate : $35 an hour. I always charge 30-35 hours even if I didn't work at all. Fucking sue me.
R$HUEHUEHUEHEUHEUEHUEHEMan you earn shit. Where do you live, and what do you work with?Not 8 continuous years. I used to fix computers when I was 12, then got some occasional web dev jobs from when I was 13.Actually I want to join the police but the police here is a miliary institution so I guessed I'd just say army.But being a developer is way too stressful. Fuck this shit.
I'd recommend getting a degree if you can, it was pretty fun. 3 years of nothing but chilling with mates, what's to dislike?I worked freelance during that time, and as you know you can charge whatever you want for freelance. Recently charged $300/hr for a python programming job - as long as you say it with a straight face you can ask for anything.I'm not pulling 6 figures from freelance, but it's enough for me to get by. I know of a guy locally who works freelance and makes a very healthy 6 figures. He works in geospatial, and apparently he has the market completely cornered around here. That's the real dream.
Age: 24Race: whiteExperience: 6 yearsJob: Linux kernel developer, mostly networking sounds more impressive than it is lolDream Job : mostly any position that will pay me more or anything that seems challenging/interesting at the timeLanguage of choice: C, C++, pythonWhy'd you start coding: took a programming class in college, really liked it, installed Linux and decided to major in itRate : 70k plus bennies, I'm expecting a long overdue raise at the end of the year though.
Anyone in the Computer Security area have any advice on how to transition from Web Development into Computer Security?My background is mainly object oriented methodologies, so I hopefully won't have to re-learn alot
There are so many different disciplines within computer security, you're going to need to be a little more specfic about what you want to do.
You count experience from full time work, not from designing a website here and there.8 years experience means literally 8 years on the job. If you worked weekends for 8 years then it's only around 1 year actual experience.I know a few guys who went into security private and gov't and all they did was apply for entry level jobs. You don't need to be a hacker who gets recruited or anything crazy, security is like any other job.
Lol I seriously doubt he has 8 years of experience on programmingAs a brazilian, you'd take classes on programming only if you got money, and that's not the case since he said himself that he needed money to buy stuff and brazilian rich parents just give shit to their kids
Not CompSec, although it is part of my job: there are only really two ways, knowing the right people and getting certified. Preferably both. You also have to be pretty good. If you don't know what CSRF or a NOP slide is or how to get around NX you're not going to stand a hope in hell.
Thanks man. Nothing comes close to getting knowledge from a guy firsthand. I will try to look on the Boston and San Francisco market. This seems so surreal, four years back I was struggling to pay our house rent and now going to america is as real as anything else. Life sure is good.Btw. I am not russian, I come from Poland. It's just that my accent feels just russian. Also you made me laugh with "little town Boston". I am living in a city called Gdansk, which is one of the biggest cities in Poland.. little over 400k lol.
It depends greatly on where you live. People think tech jobs make good money because the jobs in NY and SF throw the average way, way off. I live in Kansas City. My first programming job was $9/hr. My second job was $10/hr. Those were small companies though. I'm now working at a pretty big place pseudo-government and making $23/hr. That's considered really good here.
Hey OP any tips and advice to get into the field?Any good self teaching resources you recommend? Help a nigga out
Fuck! How do you guys get to work with all these cool technologies??I'd love to get paid to hack away at Linus. What the fuck. The only reason I'm so anti-college is because I'm very anti-education.I was raised in the inner city and had to deal with bullshit public education. The quality of what your forced into is just degrading. I ended up dropping out at 15, never even finished the 9th grade. And look at me now. It's a giant scam dude, especially in our day and age. Why force myself into indentured slavery for a piece of paper and 4 years of drinking beer? I get fucked up on the weekend with my bros, why should I pay ~100k to do it?What is stressful about sitting around and typing?
FlorianópolisI got only a year of experience, that's the rate everywhere
Oh well. Then that's more like 6 years. I've had regular jobs since 14.
What is stressful about sitting around and typing?programming is sitting around and typingwebdev detectedMeh, you're actually well paid for a shit small city.
I fail to understand how people lose their train of though so easily. My PM tells me about the emails he sends all the time, but it never takes more than 20 seconds and I'm usually right back to whatever I was doing.Granted I am working in JavaScript; that might have something to do with it Age:21 Race :white Experience:5.5 years Curent Job :JS programming for HTML5 airplane simulation Dream Job :It was game engine development until this last GDC. I would still like to do it, but I don't think it's feasible as a full time job anymore Language of choice :I suppose I enjoy C the most, but I choose the language based on project requirements Why'd you start coding :School introduced me to it and I just fucking loved it. Until I got out of high school I was never able to think of a project to work on in my free time because I simply didn't know enough. That changed at the end of college. Rate : I think it boils down to 25 burgerbux an hour
Yeah of course my nigga. I suggest you start off with some object oriented language: It'll be hard but it'll make everything else sooo much fucking easier. C++ is the best language of all time, especially from a learning point of view.  O'Reilly Publishes great programming material, I've never come across a book from them that isn't quality. Practical C++ Programming literally changed my life. Join IRC's MAKE A GITHUB AS EARLY AS YOU CAN. EVEN IF ITS JUST 2 LINES OF CODE, JUST DO IT. Make a LinkedinGet on meetup, and go to meetups. Spend a weekend at a hackathon just shadowing the actual developers and you'll learn so much.If you really want in, I'll give you my email.  My whole dream is to bring code literacy to everyone... these opportunities are so retarded, it's retarded.
You won't pay 100k for a cs degree.It's not indentured slavery, I never put in more than an hour work a week on average including exam period. You get to network a lot, and fuck around in real life with people who also like computers.If you want to fuck around in a NEET-like fashion that is socially acceptable then well, it's not NET...Not that I value the actual degree though. Sure you get exposed to a lot of things, but if you've worked for a year already then you probably know more than a PHD will teach you.If you just want to make bank, then yeah, work.
I suggest you start off with some object oriented languagenoooooo
 Age: 21 Race : German master race Experience: ~11 years of programming Curent Job : Part time work at uni, currently doing both Linux administration and PL dev/research Dream Job : PL dev/research Language of choice : Haskell Why'd you start coding : It was fun Rate : ~1k €/mo
truth for networkingif you're not an aspie, you can befriend professors and your fellow cs students. i have friends at microsoft, ibm, and tons of other companies that i'm sure would help get me in the door when i'm looking for a new job
I mean even as a super duper NSA hacker, it all boils down toWhat is my problem?How can I solve this problem?Craft the logic to solve problemProblem solvedProblem not solved? Ask a senior / git guud/ stackoverflowsavemeplswelcome to programming? Or maybe I am just a babby web developer.
wow you clearly know nothing about problem solving or how it relates to CS
All sufficiently interesting problems are no longer defined over the domain of “inputs and outputs” and require more than just “crafting logic” to solve.“Crafting logic to solve problems” is how to get through algorithms 101. Won't help you design a good type system.
1. Find something you want to do eg .NET seems popular in this thread, so ".NET webapp dev"2. find a website that has job listings and see what kinds of skills they are looking for eg WAMP familiarity, sql, asp.net, c#, agile methodologies, etc.3. Do the thing that you want to get the job for eg build an actual web app that is real and works.4. While building it just google "how to do X" whenever you have a problem, it's not rocket science. Try learn all the skills.5. You now have the skills and experience needed to do the job, so go apply for the job, show off that you can actually do the job.It's not that hard.
I mean I did exaggerate on a few points but still my point is I don't believe anyone should have to pay for the college experience... simply because It's only an experience. You could gain a much stronger network by joining a tech bootcamp for under 5k, going to meetups, and being active in your startup community. What really makes me hate college is the fact that we're brainwashed into thinking it's necessary to have a good life. I already get the 'OHMYGODHESBLACK AND NOT SHOOTING US' reaction when I tell people I'm working for a good company, but it HURTS when people are surprised I'm 19 and a drop out...
 Age: 26 Race : White as white can be Experience: 4 years Bachelor's of software engineer + IT Desktop drone, 3 Years Software Engineering,  Curent Job : Product Architect - Software Systems Dream Job : CTO Language of choice : I'm agnostic but I'm fluent in Java, Python, Ruby, Perl, and bash. I switch between them all Why'd you start coding : All the CLI tools that I was using were shit. Rate : 108k / year  + 8% salary quarterly bonus
web dev babby Age: 16pls goAlso you get paid literally what a burger-flipper does. What the fuck man?
make salarywake up at noon mondaygrab laptop and log into work vpn, check emails, the browse 4chan/youtube all day with a little work interspersedtuesday, mostly same thing, write small patch for fix bugstatus meeting on wednesday, "hey guys, I figured out what's wrong with x, I'll send a patch before the end of the week.send patch and do nothing for the rest of the weekI should really come up with some personal projects to work on though.  The problem is that if I don't have some vague deadline I'll just relapse back into 4chan and vidya.
Any programming program can be brought down to a set of test inputs and outputs plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.I'll agree with you that the job can be stressful, but it's all the other shit like deadlines, working with other people's code, people, having to learn new shit hey guys let's start using X tool/language because no reason.Or was there some other point you are trying to make?
I wasn't specifically talking about IO stream work, I'm trying to say as developers we tackle our problems with the same work flow.Identify problemIdentify potential SolutionsTestConfer with teamImplement/TestConferProductionI mean if I'm wrong, I don't doubt it.. But I'd still like for you to show me exactly where I'm wrong
It's an internship and I suck shit so ¯\_ツ_/¯.
Identify problemIdentify potential Solutionsyeah not hard amirite
Any programming program can be brought down to a set of test inputs and outputs plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.You mean all algorithms 101 exercises, yes.Or was there some other point you are trying to make?Sufficiently interesting problems are *not* about programming - that's what code monkeys are for.
I smell Florida. PBC?
Dumping more Dev comics. Just because.Anyone ever been subjected to peer programming?
developersPlease just fucking call yourself a code monkey if “writing trivial programs” is literally all you do.Also,IO stream workmy sides just left orbit
No dude this is definitely the hard part, and where the difficulty can vary from field to field... But my point is that everything we do as developers boil down to these 3 pointsIdentify problemIdentify potential solutionmagic
No. North Texas
By stream I meant work flow, not classes.. If that's what your sides just took off for. And I guess I'm a code monkey. But I'm a well paid one, and all of my free time is dedicated to becoming a master. So yeah. I'll be a 19 year old code monkey. But my 29, I will be Neo from the fucking matrix.
Oh, hello fellow Pole. Well, emmigration is always an option, but you'll probably miss Polish food, at least.I'm in Norway, moved here with parents a few years ago.I can't say much about money and jerbs, since I'm only a student, taking BS in Electronic Engineering now.
By stream I meant work flow, not classes.. If that's what your sides just took off for.Holy shit, this is getting more and more hilarious.Troll or genuine? If former, I applaud you
No one ever said the problems were about programming, but if your just is a dev job then you are going to be solving problems by programming eventually.Can you give an example of something that can't be solved with test driven development? I've only ever worked in TDD/agile paradigm, and I don't think I've seen anything written that can't be tested.Also I think any job that is a 'programming' job involves coding.Unless you are a sysarch or maybe lead dev you are probably going to be writing code every day.
Neo from the fucking matrixmy sides
 Age: 23 Race : Grand Prix of Monaco Experience: 4yr at what I do now Curent Job : Webdev Dream Job : Biorobot Design Language of choice : Python but Laravel is fine Why'd you start coding : Got some old handheld before the internets. Boredom I guess Rate : €18/hr plus the benefits that come with startups like playing the fucking Wii all the time and free organic salads and stuff
Pic Related : Why we should all strive to work for start ups or tech companies.
Hey. Nice to see you adapt so well, even going as far as for BS in a different country. Well, 3.5 years I spent on studying were the worst years of my life and really motivatd me to not waste time anymore.I'm a bit jealous of you, so youn and in a nice country too :3
Ok, what's so dumb about my post? How did I phrase this wrong? Input Output Work Flow  to my understanding : Dealing with input, creating output, using output as input, etc etcPlease, help me learn something.
When your application is wasting too much RAM and you don't know why and the memory profiler shows nothing obvious.
The problem is not your wording, the problem is the fact that you seem to be either high or underage and basically give off the impression that you have absolutely no clue what you're talking about.
Cool.
Hmm. Makes sense.Not wanting to be NeoWell, we must be very different people.
Any programming program can be brought down to a set of test inputs and outputs plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.spaceI can see why you would say this isn't a "crafting problem" whatever the fuck OP meant by that, but it's not some magical problem as you well know.Maybe there's some miscommunication here, but to fix that problem you are going to need to code something. Programming is part of the solution.Refactoring is still programming.
 Age: 26 Race : German Experience: ~1 month Curent Job : NEET Dream Job : NEET living off royalties for having developed some program Language of choice : c++ Why'd you start coding : I thought I should try acquire a skill that's marketable and doesn't require going to university Rate : NULL
Don't go to Houston.Ever.Its a ringed shithole with nothing but oilfield and financial services. Drivers are aggressive and incompetent, and half of them drive "little dick" trucks.Stick to the coasts, or come to Louisiana.
 Age: 25 Race: White Experience: 6 years Current Job: Business-to-business data interchange in the healthcare industry 1TB/month Dream Job: Machine Learning for IoT. Language of choice: It depends. I write mainly Java and Python at work. I'd quit writing Java if C# ran as well on linux servers. I write Rust, Haskell and CPP on toy projects and my household server infrastructure. If I owned a company though, I'd basically mandate Java as the default language. Why'd you start coding: I had a Physics degree and was on-track to go to grad school. I started coding for labs on campus, then realized I liked it way more than research bureaucracy. Except web-development. I'd probably buy a taxi before doing web-development. Rate: $93K salaried. This doesn't work out very favorably hourly because we rotate an on-call phone. I probably average 55 hours/week, min 35, max 65.
 Age: 23 Race: The Jew Experience: programming since 14, serious since 19, employed since 20 Curent Job : Software Engineer Dream Job : Software engineer Language of choice : Javascript  Why'd you start coding : realized my TI-83 could do most of my algebra homework for me Rate : $112k a year
I think the dude was trying to say the difference between copying and pasting 400 lines of code, and creating complex architecture is the difference between a code monkey and a developer.I say it's the same exact shit, but with different 'magic'. We're all coding to some extent.
I just don't want to live in a oversized city again. Here in Europe everything is tucked in and smashed together. Living in London was a nightmare. So many people, so little privacy. You literally ran on other people while smoking a cig on the back of your own house.I heard bad things about Houston but it seemed like heaven-to-earth comparison to Europe. What would you suggest then?
Javascript DevMaking $112k a yearWhere do you live? Can I move in with you?BTW: Anyone else realize we're the only field where people under 25 can make damn near $100k+, without college degrees?Fuck yeah meritocracy.
Well, I moved here quite early, when I was in my secondary school, spend half a year on a Norwegian course for foreign children and went to a normal school after that for 4 years before uni.Studying here is pretty chill, though I'm at a meh-tier uni in my little shithole, since I didn't manage to get into the one I wanted the most, though I'm thinking about taking my masters in robotics there.It's not so bad here, the pay is good for many, basic Norwegian is not so hard to learn, though the food could be better and there is much smaller variety of products in shops in general. I probably shouldn't blog so much, but w/e.
 Age: 21 Race :White Experience: 1 year on the job, another year doing small personal projects Curent Job : Android dev Dream Job : No idea, working on Android Auto would be kind of cool I guess. Language of choice : Java, Python Why'd you start coding :Had a course in high-school and I was pretty good without putting in any effort. I started to like it and ended up studying Computer Science in a shitty university. Rate : Getting $4/hr at the moment, but I live in a very shitty East European country. Quite a lot of jobs get outsourced here.
Boston. We're cool. It's a small city, not very crowded.
its a little more complex than that most times.  There are a lot of problems which you have to solve yourself. Something is wrong figure out what is actually wrong figure out how its supposed to work step through in a debugger and/or do a ton of RE read a shitload of specifications and manuals run a ton of testsI'm a capabilities development specialist at the NSA, and I guarantee you that the steps necessary to solve problems are far more complex that what you've laid out.  If you're encountering real problems, rather than just lacking understanding of a common problem, you can't just ask someone, you need to come up with the solution yourself.
 Race : African Americanjust put in black
Black isn't a race
at the NSAyeah sureAmerican blacks are twice as niggardly.Neither is African-American.
It's probably somewhere in the bay area.112k a year is baby's first salary there, you can barely afford an apartment on that
But neither is African-American.Shit
Can I post if I haven't started my job yet?  Screw you I'm posting anyway. Age: 23 Race: White Experience: 6 years Current Job: Software Developer for a high-frequency stock trading company Dream Job: I know it's cliche, but anything for Google Language of choice: C++ or Java Why'd you start coding: I wanted to be able to write Python scripts in Blender Rate: $80,000/year
ok are you a white "african american"* or black "african american"*?* - that probablly never even been in africa
Congats on the job bro!I'm Caribbean African American.Lol, it makes absolutely no sense. Negroes have been stripped of their culture. I have no idea what type of African I am. My last name is Martin. I know for a fact my great great great great grandfather wasn't a fucking martin, haha. Yeah man, I'm just a nigga. I grew up in the projects, and my paradigm is all over the place. I'm still trying to figure most of this out, sorry bruh.
Bostonsmallnot crowded
age18racewhite, even though 4chan doesn't consider me white :experience 1 yearcurrent jobIT intern/studentdream jobsoftware engineerlanguage of choiceC++why I started codingI wouldn't say I like coding but I tolerate it more than other things, and I think I could do it for the rest of my life without wanting to kill myselfrate$10.50 an hour
 Boston is a small city. Geographically. Never mentioned the population ; Not as crowded as other major cities. Not even anywhere near as crowdedBut yeah, I did kind of spout some bullshit with that post lol
Boston, Lafayette LA, Idaho, Rome NY, Arizona, Austin TX
 I tolerate it more than other things, and I think I could do it for the rest of my life without wanting to kill myselfYou'll love it if you work on a side project that you're interested in with a team of people you love. Promise dude.
Don't bind the blogging, I think it's cool sharing your experiences. It's more cool that I am thinking about moving out.I can't imagine going through this change as a child tho. You seem like a chill guy but it has had to be tough. Thanks for sharing. Also come by anytime, will share some decent foodie with you.Thanks for being honest. Seems like boston is not for me.Gotta define my search filters then. I didn't even knew a city called Lafayette existed up until now. I can't even read it ;_; Thanks for being
 Age: 22 Race : Caucasian: Iberian + Slavic Experience: Fresh outta school with some internships Curent Job : Data Scientist Dream Job : CIO Language of choice : R Why'd you start coding : Originally to bot on Runescape, similar to OP. Rate : 105k base + 25k stock + unknown bonus
whatever you do, don't go too far east in the statesstarting with Chicago, the further east you go the more cramped it getsArizona seems like it might fit what you want. Phoenix is a pretty big city but it has some space the only problem is the weather, average temperature there is like 100 fucking degrees farenheit
It's not that small if you count Cambridge and all the places the T reaches. I would know, I've visited twice and moving there in a month for a web dev job. Great, vibrant city.
LafayetteThe state just started investing in a tech sector, so there's a few hundred jobs available but it has only been two years.
Fresh outta school105k base + 25k stock + unknown bonusNice
I'm looking for some advice and this thread seems like a decent spot to do that.I'm looking to either get a degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering. I'm not sure which one to choose and I'm having trouble deciding because I've already taken a bunch of courses on the path for CS and I would have to take a bunch of first year SENG courses if I went that path. Is going backwards worth it for SENG or should I continue on towards CS? Any advice is appreciated.
Yeah, I disqualified Boston and started looking @ Lafayette. Do wonder how it's gonna go. I will pick a few imigrant-friendly companies, or just goo offers, and apply for them today.
 Age: 18 Race: White Experience: 3 yrs Current Job: Software Engineer intern Dream Job: Software Engineer. Startup Fag King Language of Choice: Python probably Why'd you start coding: Took the same CS class as my HS gf Rate: $16/hour
 Age: 24 Race : white Experience: 6 months Curent Job : web designer/front-end dev Dream Job : same, but for a really interesting project Language of choice : take a guess  Why'd you start coding : because it was easier to fin a job as a front end than as a graphic designer Rate : ~7$/h, though that's quite damn nice in eastern europe, especially considering my experience
Don't get a degree. You'd gain much more valid experience by building. Join a tech bootcamp for credibility and network.I'm black, I'm 19, and I've got my foot in the door. I dropped out before I could finish the 9th grade. We can all make it without subjecting ourself to the evil shill that is corporate education/autism
Whats a good salary in the bay area then? I'm interviewing with companies out there and would like to know what I should be negotiating for...
Well, it wasn't so tough, since I started learning Norwegian already in Poland we actually moved because my stepfather is Norwegian and wanted to move back from Warsaw.The worst things were probably that I'm used to big cities and now I'm living in a place under 10k and I didn't really have friends here before uni, since everyone here knew everyone else from their childhood, so I was mostly talking with my friends from Poland on the net.You can always try talking with some Norwegian companies too, you could get by with just English in tech companies.
90 or better.80 is like 50 in Louisiana
Here : Glassdoor AngelistIf you're worried about having a network to wherever you move, check out startupinstitute.com .
He said $112k was low and would be struggling to get an apartment.I want to move out there but trying to adjust from New Hampshire is nuts. No sales or income tax here, there is both there. Not to mention housing is ridiculous.
 Age: 28 Race : European/Swedish Experience: Started coding when I was 8, had coding jobs since I was 11 Curentsic Job : Full Stack developer Haskell/Javascript Dream Job : Nothing Language of choice :  Idris Why'd you start coding : My father taught me C Rate : ~$200k / yr
moving to Faglifornia when Boston has plenty of tech jobs, lower cost of living, and driving distance to NH
Ah sorry, driving and didn't read context.Just loom at average rent and quadruple it. You shouldn't pay 25% of your gross income for housing

Most companies HQs are out there sadly. Boston isn't nearly as big as Silicon Valley. For instance the Google office in Boston is like half sales / non engineers.Also who the fuck would want to commute to Boston every day from NH? Even living in Nashua on the border that's a 2 hour commute in rush hour. And if you work in MA but live in NH you still have to pay MA state income tax.Anyways my plan is if I get an awesome offer I'll move out there for a few years then try to move back to New England. Maybe Seattle.
Just loom at average rent and quadruple it. You shouldn't pay 25% of your gross income for housingSo 120 minimum. Great.
 Age: 21 Race :Korean Experience: Still a student, couple internships on campus and a local company  Curent Job : Internship at a major  financial company in nyc Dream Job : Any big tech company,  preferably somewhere like Washington where the cost of living isn't too high  Language of choice : Java/C# Why'd you start coding :I wanted to make games bevause of newgrounds but i quickly grew out of it when i saw what cs really offered  Rate : ~3k bi weekly Companies in nyc are thirsty as fuck for devs
Age: 19Race: BritbongExperience: Not much, never did any work before getting my current jobCurrent job: Project manager and technical lead for a project at big blue british bankDream job: Lead developer of trading applicationLanguage of choice: Python Switching to Go slowlyWhy'd you start coding: Currently the best way to make moneyRate: £1400 after tax per month flat-rate with yearly bonus last one was £1800 before taxWelp.
Other than Boston, SV, and NY what are some good cities for developers that offer close to the same salaries?
You can live with roommates but because you aren't already living in the area it's hit or miss trying to find cool people who aren't sociopaths.But as a whole the bay area populous is more "high-tech" than most areas.I'm in Florida right now and my company is trying to get me to move to the home office in San Mateo.Florida is a shithole, but no federal income tax and cheap leaving is king.
Don't just look at the salary,  you need to factor in cost of living.  Theres a reason why salaries in thise areas are so high.
Living
implying I meant to commute from NH every daySeattleLos AngelesHeard good things about Houston and Austin, though I'd never live in the southTo a lesser extent:ChicagoToronto
What are the areas with a good balance? I feel like I could stay in Boston for a while, even when I move out I'm not going too look for an apartment more than 1 week of my salary.
but no federal income taxWhat? How does Florida avoid FEDERAL income tax?
Sorry, state.Nice catch, I'm off this morning
There's no real answer for that, it's really subjective. All I can say is keep doing digging
We do pay federal, I'm sure he meant state. North florida here. Bunch of rednecks but man it's cheap.
implying I meant to commute from NH every dayTrue but whats the point of having NH close by if you don't live there? Or was your point "why move 3000 miles"?
Ah so its like a cheaper New Hampshire then. New Hampshire isn't that cheap as far as rent goes. Better than Boston obviously but worse than Western MA.
Point was that you could still easily go back to NH regularly to visit people and places you know.
26h'white5 yearsSoftware developerSenior Software engineer or something, maybe start up my own software companyJava, C++People told me it was a good career choice, I tried it out and I enjoyed it and here I am.I don't get pair hourly though, I get paid £30k per annum + bonuses + holiday pay + a bunch of other stuffThe salary is baby tier, but so are my skills. I feel pretty shitty about the fact that I got into programming late, so I'm pretty much shit compared to every other programmer, so seemingly started programming as a pre-teen or teenager, plus my maths skills aren't that great. One of my co-workers started programming at 8, graduated from Imperial College London and is miles in front of me.tfw you will always be second best, if that
 Age: 21 Race : white Experience: 5 years Curent Job : intern working on IIS Dream Job : kernel dev Language of choice : C Why'd you start coding : it is fun. Rate : 7k/month 43.75/hour
 being jelly
Underage b&.
Language of choice: Java I guesswhat the fuck is wrong with youi bet your favorite drink is water
Sao Paulo? I want to move there. I feel like I don't get robbed enough.
Awful lot of liars in this thread.
21White1 year on webdevNo job back on uni after 1 year placementDream job is no jobBest language: JSWhy? Because lazy fuck, sit at home 24/7Rate: had £14k/year on placement
poorfag unemployed NEET detected
I was scared that if I didn't I would have no futuretopkek
Age: 47Race: WhiteExperience: 22 yearsCurrent job: lead software architect at Accenture.Dream job: Haven't given much thoughtLanguage of choice: C++Why'd you start coding: University course. Loved it so I continued.Rate: around 9000 euros a month.
 Age:  19 Race : Arab Experience: None Curent Job : 10Weeks- Internship Dream Job : Something Low-level Language of choice : C, C++ Why'd you start coding : I don't remember Rate : 4.2 Euros a hour.Job is pretty shit and stressful. Can't wait to go back to uni.
There are textbooks on queues?
I didn't know there were so many Germans on this board.
N E W Y O R KE W Y O R K Tumblr pls go.
 Age: 31 Race :white Experience: like two years Curent Job :"Associate Software Engineer"I write firmware for machine vision sensors  Dream Job : Where I'm at right now is pretty awesome actually.  It's such a casual work environment but there are so many really smart people, we make a high-end cutting-edge product for businesses who can spend a lot and this industry is just blowing the fuck up and going everywhere right now Language of choice : C99 with gnu toolchain Why'd you start coding :Got tired of manual labor and shit pay Rate : works out to like $35/hour
Just keep doing CS.We can't answer this question for you.You need to make some friends in the industry and ask them.This is really easy since we all use the Internet.Make friends on IRC and ask them.
Jesus Christ.My father taught me how to ride dirt bikes and hate myself.Thanks Dad.
 Age: 28 Race : Master Experience: 12 years Current Job : Penetration Tester / Systems Architecture  Dream Job : Getaway Driver Language of choice : Java / C Why'd you start coding : Too much free time Rate : $136k/year
Companies in nyc are thirsty as fuck for devsNice.I heard that NYC was much more selective than The Bay. It's nice to hear a disagreeing opinion.
I'm . I was a mathematician by training, so getting the "wrong" degree isn't catastrophic. CS and SE are so close it likely won't matter at all. Since you are already doing CS, keep doing that.
Age: 18Race: WhiteExperience: 1 year Current job: Android Development at a small startupDream job: Sellout MillionaireLanguage of Choice: JavaWhy did you start coding: I thought people who could program were amazing and I idolized them.Rate: $18/hr
 Age: 22 Race : European-American Experience: 3 years Current Job : Peon for small web developing outfit Dream Job : Cybernetics Language of choice : Lisp Why'd you start coding : When I was 14 I wanted to make Flash games. I couldn't find the resources to help myself so I gave up. Later in college I took intro to CS and I was good at it. It seems like I'm better than 80% if people in my department so that's good. Rate : I get $12.50 an hour. Yes I know.
This thread is making me realize that $80k starting salaries aren't ubiquitous.
I was really surprised,  the interview was really easy and Iumd  was competing with cmu/upenn/col kids. I'm very happy to say the least,  this is gonna look great when i actually go job hunting.
i realized that glancing at this thread most of you guys are in web dev; is it the easiest position to get into assuming i learn the languages and put on some projects on github? i dont have any experiences right now college student and i thought it's good to have something on my portfolio
Yeah web devs are pretty low on the totem pole of software devs
nigger
 Age: 28 Race : White British Experience : 4 years Current Job : Freelance front end web dev Dream Job : No idea. Happy doing this. Language of choice : Javascript. Why'd you start coding : So I could edit MySpace layouts. Rate : Currently £30 per hour, higher soon hopefully. Was on £26k plus bonuses recently until quit job to freelance.
 Age: 27 Race : American Black Experience: 14 yearsif [lul]HTML counts 11 years if it does not. Current Job : Freelance and Micro Systems Analyst and Schoolsoonish Dream Job : Veterinarian Language of choice : C++ and Java Why'd you start coding : Played Neopets.com when I was  younger. I needed to make some guild layouts which made me familar with HTML. Took a programming class in high school and it was Java. High school was torture for mebullied constantly and my only safe zone were the programming classes where I made real friends. Rate : $27 USD/hour. I like to codelel so nerdy exdee! but I really love animals. I want to run a not-for-profit pet hospital.Jews and Mudlims are the enemies.
Age: 22Race:whasianExperience:work: just startingcourses: 2 yearsCurent Job:half software dev, half customer support-ish roleDream Job:Monsanto as a computational biologist, probably. my undergrad was in computational bio/bioinformatics.also had a minor in children's studies; if I could make money doing it, I'd work with kids.Language of choice:Mathematica. Python 2nd, I guess.Why'd you start coding:I needed another course and was getting disillusioned with my premed shit. Orgo II and CS I in the same semester sealed the deal.Rate:a little over 60k/yr for my first year.if you know who i am from this just text me i'm lonely
Not if the work can easily be done remotely and doesn't require strong English skills.The real demand now is for people with actual engineering and low level system skills.  Embedded systems just continue to blow up while everybody in school wants to just learn web development and app design.
age: 28race: beanerexperience: 2 yearscurrent job: UNIX sysadmindream job: computer security specialistlanguage: Perl, UNIX shell, sometimes Pythonwhy I started coding: Visual Basic 6 programming in high school
Is whasian short for white asian or whale asian.  Depending on your answer i might text you
uh, well. white and asian but also hefty so sure
True, the key to making it in programming is to literally be a hipster and work on the most underground programming jobs you've never heard of. That's why even in the land o no engineers that is Mexico you will have a hard time working on websites, vidya and mobile apps, because it's mainstream computer engineering, and hipster engineering would be something more like embedded systems, enterprise information systems SAP developers here make fucking huge wads of cash fresh out of bebby's first ABAP certification, database development or UNIX system administration.
You guys live in the Seattle area?
nah. I'm   and am in the midwest.
You got into programming late?  I'm just getting into it at 31.  I'll be 32 in December.  Been doing the same mindless job since 18.
 Age: 22 Race : Caucasian Experience: 6 months professional Curent Job : Junior Developer mostly .NET Dream Job : Porting games to GNU/Linux at Aspyr Media or something Language of choice : Golang Why'd you start coding : Cause I was a nerd Rate : 16$/hour with a bunch of benefits
I live south of Tacoma.
22Island Style4 years professional, 3 hobbyC/JavaBecause I like to solve problems106k.And now OP we teach you a lesson about common sense.Reporting Relationshiphttps://www.linkedin.com/in/salinabrownAlso pretty sure you've vioalted your contract so enjoy the severance package :
haha. That is why I never post any of my real life credentials on a site like this. Some white guys get buttmad when someone of color is better than them at their field.I am 
 Age: 23 Race : White Experience:  1 year professionally Current Job : Software Engineer Dream Job : Professional athlete Language of choice : C++ Why'd you start coding : Friend convinced me to take a CS class in high school so we could have a class together.  Didn't think of anything else to major in so I stuck with it. Rate : $57k/yr
Im leaving seattle this week. If you dont have a masters, dont bother coming here.
White
tfw I switched to an associates in web dev only because I wouldn't be able to afford a transfer degree to uni to finish comp sci & engineering degreebehind in math so it'd take somewhere up to 6 years to finish bachelors if i didn't switchit'll only take me a year to finish web dev degreeI can just come back to finish my bachelors later right?This thread makes me jelly as fuck
 Age: 24 Race: white Experience: 2 years professionally Curent Job: web dev  Dream Job: embedded systems or some other low level stuff would be cool  Language of choice: C or obj-pas  Why'd you start coding: I liked creating things and I liked computers Rate: $11.5k/yr eastern yurop exchange rates ftw
Oh, I did not even finish my degree. I am just here to make a bit of money for school. I do not want to use student loans. Freelance work is pretty good though.
what are your plans now?
Age:22Race:White/Euro AmericanExperience: CS Degrees + internship each yearCurrent Job: developing some stuff for my dad he runs a small buis making custom software for large companiesDream job: Spacex/bitcoinLanguage of choice: JavaCC++Started: because I always liked computers had access to computers from a very young age when most people didn't have internet I have 20mb/down 5 up people would come over to gamerate: family paid for my college so 90k total I haven't done enough to pay them back for that yet.
 Age: 26 Race : white Experience: 4 years hobby projects Curent Job : NEET Dream Job : NEET, or something not cancerous like webdev where i can keep developing skills. Language of choice : Haskell, C Why'd you start coding : wanted a better way to manage my anime Rate : ∞dunno what to do next. going down category theory/ theoretical maths path to keep myself from getting bored. most jobs look boring or won't hire without degree or experience with cancer technologies. have enrollment in college to fallback on if i can't find anything better. i welcome advice.
 Age: 19 Race : German is that even a race? Experience: Have been on-and-off coding for 6 years, though I'd say 1 year real experience max. Curent Job : boy for all at university Dream Job : software developer, but involved in business. Don't know how to describe. I don't want to sit around coding in my cubicle 24/7 like a code monkey but I also don't want to travel around like crazy like a consultant Language of choice : I don't know, I like them all, but currently probably C++ and python Why'd you start coding : wanted to make game hacks for my favorite shooter game  I did, made about 1000€ with it even which was a fuck load of money for a 14 year old, but blew it all on premium stuff on said shooter game... Oh the stuff we do when we're young Rate : $11/hour + $400 bonus per year. But I only work half of my hours at max. because nobody cares at da gubbamint lel. So basically $22+/hr
Looking for some advice, hopefully someone here can help.Just graduated last week with a degree in physics from a decent UK university. Achieved first class honours, so I know physics and maths to a pretty high level. I have no interest in getting a PhD and working in academia. Decided my dream job would be some kind of developer at a games company, maybe a physics or audio programmer, something along those lines.Problem is I have next to no programming experience. Is it even possible to get hired as a junior or trainee programmer where you can learn on the job? Or am I going to have to get some random shit job and teach myself how to program in a few languages before I have any chance of landing a developer job somewhere?I'm 28 now so I don't really want to put off getting a career any longer. Most of you here seem to have what I would consider great careers, or at least great prospects. What should I do?
Fellow owners of these kinds of stacked fin heatsinks, share your sad stories and regrets.How many times have you cut yourself on the edges?Who thought wedging rubber stoppers between the fins was a good way to mount the fan?How bad was the dust buildup the last time you cleaned?Today I took mine apart to clean, thick cake of dust between the fan and the fins, layers of dust between the fins, dust around the pipes. It was horrifying. After I reinstalled my load temps dropped by 8C.
Water-cooled and never looking back.  Fuck heatsinks.
 he isn't using the best cooler ever:^
Custom or AIO?i've bought three different AIOs and each were faulty on arrivalsaid fuck it and slapped a hyper 212 evo on my cpu, never have looked backcustom seems like way too much effort/risk/cost
Not him, but u sure about those faulty AIOs? u didn't plug the pump into the cpu fan header, right?
I am thinking about getting a newish Asus T100TA quad 1.33 ghz, 2gb, about $170 and installing ubuntu or xubuntu on it. Is it worth it? Any better alternatives for light/cheap laptops?
bumping with a t100, dont leave me hanging guise
/g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.170 dollarydoos isn't all that much. If you think you need a new toy why don't you just buy it and find out if its worth it?
b.. but im a poorfag student, so any recommendations would be nice to get it right
I have it. It's breddy gud. If u just say what you want to do i'll tell you if it's suitable. No linux though, they are well optimized for wangblows
thanx anon. i wanna use it for browsing, listening to music and if possible run matlab. i have a mac version running in another xubuntu computer and was hoping to do the same on the Asus, while being able to bring it to my classes without weighing a ton.
meant to say matlab mac version
anon, u there?what do you think about 
OK mathlab i dunno because j study medicine and fuck those engineering things lol, bit for everything else you said it'll ne more than enough. I suggestiva you to buy the one with HDD in the keyboard. They are fucking useful. I use it to tale notes during my lessons. If you like low graph. Games you can even game on it
Sorry i was taking a shit and in the bathroom no WiFi reception lol. Need to fiz that tho... It's bad man... I finishes my mobile gbs just shitting
Not sure but the Asus X/F205 for example has a baytrail processor and somehow this causes some problems with drivers and all.
medicinedo you use it to check stuff on wikipedia etc? is it good vs an ipad?also the one i'm offered only has an ssd in the "screen/pad" part. i would realy love to run linoox on it, am i stupid for wanting to do this?
What driver problems are you talking about? I have never experienced something like that
You have the eebook x205 with Linux on it?
sorry lol, no rush. anyways are you saying that loonix would be a terrible idea? cus i'm so done with my ipad/windows and would love a very portable system like the T100TA
I use it often as a tablet too, but i have to say It's better with the keyboard. Touch is useful when you have 3d app  for examples body3d etc and if you need to read some pdf. If you have to install linux you will loose all the features that it gas. I am not saying it'll ne badz but it'll ne just a laptop as the other  someone experiences some problems with touch under linux 
http://www.reddit.com/r/archlinux/comments/2oh4sa/anyone_tried_installing_arch_on_asus_eee_book_x205/https://github.com/lopaka/instructions/blob/master/ubuntu-14.10-install-asus-x205ta.mdhttp://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/linux-laptop-and-netbook-25/asus-x205ta-lubuntu-64-bit-install-4175528276/http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2254322All of these questions seem to indicate there is a problem with installing Linux on this laptop.Read this post, also Anime/OS has terrible touch compatability.
Nope man, but under windows it just werks. On linux is another story. Was not described in tour post tho...
Oh, I see now. Nope I ment the X205 has problems with Linux since it uses unsupported hardware.It honestly looks like a nice device, thin, cheap yet good build quality but the 2GB is just too little for me.
thanx man
Wrote about the touch a post before.OP, really, if you are expexting this to be more than just a useful university tool with office and web browsing skills you will be disappointed. I was too, but it was my mistake. I asked too much. I eventi played wow on it for 9 months, then it was so shitty i bought a desktop lol. When i used the desktop to play my gaymen and for heavy tasks the power Of this little thing came up. I understood the way i should have used and now i really can't go to uni without it. Just do not pretend too much from it and you'll not be disappointed
Well actually the laptop in those links is not yours but it's from Asus as well and comes from the same time and is in the same price range so I doubt there will be much different.
yep, im getting that feeling too. what should i do? honestly i'm debating getting a light and fanless laptop and run linux on it but i cant justify paying for winfows/IOS and then deleting it.
I don't understand what you're trying to say. There is also the Acer E11, the X205 clone. It has a bad touchpad BUT the wifi is supported in Ubuntu through 3rd party driver.http://www.zdnet.com/article/installing-opensuse-fedora-and-ubuntu-on-my-new-acer-aspire-e11/
sorry for being unclear.IF the Asus T100TA is a bad idea for running linux for browsing, music and matlab, THEN would it be better to buy a fancy fanless ultrabook?
check out neweggsor your computer retailer of choice refurbished/open box selection, you can usually get more for less that way
Well I have mixed feelings about fanless ultrabooks because they're nice and all but you pay a lot of money for poor performance.It's either choosing between:- cheap Celeron laptop with bad build quality- expensive laptop with bad performance-cost ratioI've chosen the cheap way and bought the Acer Aspire ES1-311 which is a 13" netbook. It has 4GB ram, weights nothing and has 8 hours battery but the touchpad is so fucking bad and the keys feel so cheap.If I were you I'd spend a few $$$$ more for better quality.
cheers m8, thats my plan
hmm, dont laugh but im thinking of buying the fanless Samsung Ativ 9 on ebay. its gonna cost a fortune, and like you say about the performance, but i could use it like really expensive ipad running linux, which is key for me. yes/no?
Don't do it.I still don't understand if you're either looking for a netbook or a tablet but here it comes:if you want touchscreen DON'T get Linux.if you want something just for taking notes get the X205 but you can't install Linux on it http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16834232394if you want a netbook with a lot of options which can be your main computer ask someone else since I'm off to bed.
I'm the first anon with the t100, just get a chibkpad, it has alla you need
thanks for your responese guise.All I want is something light max 1 kg that will run linux
Well get that Acer E11 and make sure you know how how to install 3rd party wifi drivers.
i might but its 1.3 kg... thanks anyways anon
... It's among the lightest laptops out there
Bro... You won't even dell that 0.3 have u got genetic muscolar disease?
Don't try to change os on a z37xx platform. It's uefi locked and the bios is terrible. I had to rma a tablet because it wouldn't boot from a pendrive, i tried setting usb mode to legacy and i completely lost control over it. Touchscreen, keyboard, usb, nothing would work. Also there is no cmos clear, all the settings are eeprom hardwritten.
yeah but i have to carry lots of books so 0.3 kgs lighter would be greatly appreciated like samsun ativ with 0.95 kg.im getting to that realization too...
If you want that Samsung blow your money on it and don't waste our time.
i dont want it. all my friends keep talking about it or getting a second hand macbook air 11. i just wanna know about any alternatives that weigh less than 2.2 pounds=1kg..
Have you thought of picking up an android tablet? Of course it sounds underwhelming but android does exactly what a tablet should, and you will be dealing with far less problems, plus battery life and performance on ARM is heaps better for lots of activities. If you need professional software invest in an iPad and enjoy.
the problem is i also wanna run matlab on it, i have an ipad now that i would like to replace with this system.
Is there a program that I can run periodically which will tell me how many total GB have been written to my SSD since it's install, without having to keep the program active 24/7?  Pic probably not related.
Stop worrying about it. It will drive you crazy.
driveheh
You can try to write a bat file to log the storage capacity used for you disk and write it to a file. Maybe include a time stamp next to each entry? Then shove that bitch into a 'windows scheduled task' and set it to run however often you want. I don't know the exacts of how to do this but googles your friend = Search bat file Storage size, bat file write to file and Windows Scheduled Tasks
Just out of curiosity, why do you need this?
I do renders which thrash my HDD.  I can hear it loudly coffee grinding for dozens of hours at a time.  Which isn't a problem, it's what the drive is meant to do and it hasn't been damaged or slowed yet, but now that I'm on an SSD I want to see if data is being written and read at ludicrous rates.  And if so, I'll know to find another renderer.Step 1 is discovering write rates over a few weeks, and I don't want fluff running at all hours because this is /g/ and lean pedantism is the name of the game.
You could use Diskmon and Excel to compile a sheet showing disk use over a logging period?Diskmon MS link:https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb896646.aspxExample of Excel use to create report:http://www.orcsweb.com/blog/jeff/calculating-disk-usage-and-capacity-using-diskmon/
Stop being fucking autistic and your SSD will outlive you.
Best torrent client for winfags/machipsters
Qbittorrent
rTorrent is cross platform. Just sayin'.
This is my preferred client.
Winfags A small server running Debian with Transmission's web GUImacfagsTransmission or the winfag solution
If you're gonna run Linux, why not use a real client like rTorrent instead?
Because Transmission is GOAT
I used the Transmission-qt port for windows for a long time but recently switched over to Deluge because of the powerful labeling.
Anything that has an auto shutdown feature standard.  Good fucking luck.
The official price for GeForce GTX 980 Ti is 649 USD. Also, GTX 980 is now cheaper at 499 USDhttp://wccftech.com/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-features-full-directx-12-support-arrives-geforce-lineup-competitive-649-pricing-titanx-performance/http://wccftech.com/gtx-980-ti-official-gaming-performance-benchmarks-revealed/http://videocardz.com/55786/nvidia-launches-geforce-gtx-980-ti-for-649-usdhttp://videocardz.com/55905/first-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review-leaks-outhttp://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2015/05/31/nvidias-new-gtx-980-ti-delivers-titan-x-level-performance-for-350-less/Marks:http://www.hwbattle.com/bbs/board.php?bo_table=hottopic&wr_id=204&ckattempt=1http://vga.zol.com.cn/522/5229872.html?via=article
So if at present day I would go for a gtx 970, what is coming in a few months?Shall I still go and purchase a 970? Or will the 980 also drop in price in europe? Is Nvidia releasing something new? GTX 1080?What about DDR4 RAM? When will that be dropping in price along with the mobos and cpu's to with it?
reported
i just bought a 980 Classified.fuck
buying a new GPU at this time of year, when you KNOW new ones are coming out in the next couple months and holiday sales will save you 100+ bucks on whatever you want.
Step up to GTX 980 Ti if EVGA allows it
I saw a lot of people who bought the TItan X. What a waste of money
Titan has always been a black hole of spending.  Anyone that buys one knows they are just burning money.
Depending on where in Europe you live I guess.At least here in Finland all the tech is so expensive it's making my anus bleed.
b-b-but my prosumer card!
kek
Wait to see what AMD announces this month before buying anythingNvidia isn't coming out with anything new until 2016 probablyDDR4 will continue falling in price especially when Skylake launches
It's not that bad, add 10-20% to any American price you see, their purchases don't have Tax added and they put their wages before tax, so that it seems that they spend less, and earn more, when they don't
Semi-related question. Whats a card that runs fairly cool and is small mini itx but still mid-tier performance wise? Was looking at 750TI SC but didn't know if it was too puny. The only demanding games I play would be Project Cars and GTA5, but I'd be alright with medium high settings as long as the framerate was smooth.
I don't get that chart.  Is that across 3 1440 monitors or something?  No way those cards would give so little fps for a normal setup.
Sapphire just launched an itx R9 285
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814125706
30-witcher3-uhd.png4k.HairFX is a real bitch.
Guess you're right. Just aching to upgrade but choices are pretty limited at the moment.
don't know UHD mean ~4k
With the rumoured pricing of 650 dorra for the 980ti Nvidia must really be worried about what Fiji might do. 650 dorra is "oh shit, we need to get the fanboys in now before AMD make a laughing stock of the titan x and 980ti".
I guess.  Why include something in a game if you can't get the game to actually function with it on?  Seems like a waste of resources.
That thing looks like hell.

Look through German and UK and French Amazon, you don't have to pay any import tax from it, so it's at face value.
Psst, look up crysis 2 tessellation.
I'm a bit of an Nvidia whore.Damn, didn't know they made that. I think I'm leaning more torwards this price wise.http://www.amazon.com/Gigabyte-Overclocked-GDDR5-Graphics-GV-N960IXOC-2GD/dp/B00SD9KZ96
Welcome to nvidia.
Uh huh.  I'm sure Nvidia is just terrified.  The Fiji could be the greatest thing ever created and come with free blowjobs for life from the person of your choice and Nvidia would still do just fine.  You know this, and yet you post shit like that.
Nvidia made The Witcher 3?
No but they did bribe CDProject Red to include there buggy and shitty game works in it.
AMD is the new meme
now that the 980ti is essentially out, should I get another 980 to go along with my 980 G1 Gaming edition for SLI? Or sell it and get the 980ti?
SLI imoDX12 will allow you to pool the memory
You'd be right at home in /pol/ with that deeply rooted paranoia.
Nice bottleneck LMAOFXAA2000+14+0.5
GTX 980 is now cheaper at 499 USD
Here's the thing about that though. /pol/ is always right. Also isn't /x/ the paranoia board?
but it's a developer implemented feature. you have to trust the developer to not be shit and cater to the sli-fags. considering that they have proven themselves shit and can't even do a regular port correctly. I don't trust them to do something that the 1% of PC gamers will utilize.
release when?
That, and somehow 980 is beat by 780TI, AYY LMAO, chinks done fucked up
buying AMDAny yearHahahah oh fuck it's like you enjoy burning moneyYou may as well have bought a $500 paperweightAMD are fucking S H I T
/pol/lutionFTFY
kill yourself.
It's not a fucking paranoia retard, the game literally includes Nvidia's .DLL's, and behold, AMD and Kepler suddenly tanks performance, what a coincidence, hmm
They should. EVGA is pretty dope.
It will still be more powerful than a 980ti, but if you just want a single powerful card then get it
Man, AMDickheads really love playing the victim.
Nuh-uh
Nvidia kids really like playing the fool.
Lol, and when AMD does the same with TressFX everyone cries that AMD is not fair? Lmao
No, I like playing games.lollmaoYou need to be 18 or older to post on this site.
This. It doesn't take a genius to put two and two together. That's why even the tripfag gets it.
display your report
AMD is shit no matter how much abuse you shout at meIt's for poorfags only
Thanks for the info, perhaps you might follow it someday!
hardcore damage control
avatar fagging
Exactly. Just look at stock values.
I'm personally waiting till fall for all the dust to kind of settle, the GPU market right now is driving me crazy and it always seems like "Oh this comes out next month" but in actuality its like 3 months.
If Nvidia actually made hardware that was better and worth the premium, then sure, let them take the cake, but as far as i am concerned the 290x is the best Price + Pref card and no 3.5 bullshit and also all that compute.As far as i am concerned Gameworks hurts both parties, it kills Kepler AND GCN, my Kepler brothers are probably crying over their purchase decisions. I am not here to be a free marketing sheep for either company, and as far as i am concerned Nvidia and AMD are just like chosing between BMW and Audi.
the 290x is the best Price + Pref card and no 3.5 bullshit and also all that compute.Yes and also it causes housefires.Add a 2nd for housefireX, it's even more amazing.
I don't wait anymore due to prices fuck up. During the first month or so the 980 was at 550$ then jumped to 600$. Now it's at 620$, funny shit.
HousefiresDo nivida clowns even know this started because Nvidia GPU's were literally melting at one point?
50W more than 970
forbes taken down for being an unsourced shill post
Got a Seasonic Fanless SS-520FL2, 3570K at 4.5Ghz and a 780 at 1150/7000. Is my PSU good enough to run an overclocked 980Ti?
Yeah, they probably got contacted by Nvidia and they said: It's not 650, how do you expect retards to think that they are paying for 'Premium'
970 vs 290x
See now you have a nice comparison.
even if you believe this, you'd be a fool not to see that nvidia is purposely crippling performance on both amd and kepler cards.
tfw have a 780tiCan't wait to upgrade in a year or two. The 980 was great, the 980 ti is even better, we're only going up from here.
I blame obama
Is there any reason to upgrade from a GTX 760 or R9 270x/Radeon 7870 if you only play games at 1080p?
Eventually. But now, not really.
The 290x used there has to have 2x8pins, which means it's the MSI or the Sapphire, both of which have a lot of OC room, so i'd expect the card used to be OC'd, because the default 290x conf has a 1x6 and 1x8, which is 225 watts. So yeah, pretty fair comparison i say, when you consider that the OC'd Vapor-x beats a 970 pretty much always.
I am playing on R7 260x at 1080p no problem on high settings. There is no need for it now.
i just saw the Step Up programwhen does the 980ti classified come out?
Just wait for Bulldozer™
Like June 1st/2ndhttp://videocardz.com/55816/evga-launches-geforce-gtx-980-ti-graphics-cardshttp://cdn.videocardz.com/1/2015/05/06G-P4-4998-KR_XL_1.jpgShould be available immediately after NDA ends
not getting this
I'm using a 780 ti since last summer, should I get a second one for sli or just get a 980 ti? I want dem frames for W3
Tron?
Whaaaaaaaaaaat is that
How soon does Amazon usually have newly released cards in stock? For example, did they immediately have the 980 available on launch day?
Better upgrade for you would be Pascal
card got screwed over by drivers+gameworksgotta get the next NVIDIA cardWhat a good goy!
Asus Triple Fan version apparently.
Housefire requires 3 fans not to throttle like the Titan XNice one Nvidia ;;;;;;;;;;;^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Im thinking about the 980ti with sli down the road.SLI is working pretty well right? My 570s worked well for years.Its only going to get better with dx12/vulcan/mantle whatever is coming out that works with it more right?Ill pick up one now and the second 8-12 months from now.
card got screwedWood screwed

It's a flubbed chart. That 970 is likely a reference design limited to Nvidia's claimed TDPIn real world tests a typical 290x draws ~230 in games and a typical 970 draws ~185
The only real benefactor from DX12 and Vulcan will be AMD tbh.
ROGYeah it looks cool as fuck to be honestand the cooler will propably be pretty good, to, but with ROG stamped on it they will propably charge extra just for that.
Both the 980 and 970 were impossible to find for about a month after launch
Good to know then!May the AMD housefire meme continue then
Do you like spreading misinformation?
Doesnt the new drivers focus on splitting tasks between cards? In order to not require each card to hold everything in its memory?Which may be simple as textures on one card shadows on the other for now but improving with time?How does that not help both cards?
tfw have ROG Z77 motherboardI got it with an unlocked i7 for ~$300It's honestly not bad.  is my shit if you give a fuck.
Were did this AMD house fire meme begin?  I got an r9 290 for a temporary card until Pascal comes out and it runs cooler than my old 670.
Do MSI GPUs function better on MSI motherboards? Because I have a msi mobo, and plan on upgrading to a 980ti
Reference cards running at 95C
No there's no difference between functionality it's all standardized
Latest cards have been switching sides.Before the recent titan all the nvidia cards have been running cooler while the amd stuff has been blazing.I like it switching sides has made it fun again instead of stale.
burned an anon's house down when he thought parking the cores would give him a boost in performance
He's half right.AMD hardware makes greater gains than Nvidia or Intel will. But it's not like they're not going to benefit significantly as well.
Yes, the shared memory pool is nice too, but it's meh at best tbh, the real deal comes from API overhead, which allows massive increase in Drawcalls, which is one of the reasons that AC:Unity ran like shit on DX11, and AMD wins in every overhead benchmark.
I just bought a 980 2 weeks ago. Did I dun goof /g/?
And now Nvidia is a housefire again. So both sides will probably be housefires. We've gone back to 2006 where 90c loads were the norm.
Anyone know what the 980ti is at? I would like to not have to crack the windows in the dead of winter.
Yes, 290x or 970if you must the AMD=====HOUSEFIRES!!! AMD====SHITTY DROVERS!!!! memes is the sweetspot tbh.
It's a binned Titan X. It's going to be the same. 3rd party coolers will help a great deal however.
Idk, I could afford the 980 so I got it. It's doing me fine so far. This was my first gaming rig and I'm averaging around 50fps on max everything on The Witcher 3.
I want to watercool.Yes I know its not cash efficient but I want to do it for the enjoyment on running it water cooled.the question isnt how cool can I keep the card its how hot will it make the room I am dispersing heat into.
The performance increase you get for the money increase is just not worth it.
3rd party coolers will help a great deal however.As much as I like to crack jokes about the Titan X, seemingly most of that temperature is because of the shitty reference cooler.Why Nvidia refuses to let the 3rd parties sell non-ref cards with their coolers I will never understand. It's just a whole other breed of retarded from that company.
Thinking of buying a 970, is it worth the hideous amount of cash or should I just not play anything and wait for something better.
seemingly most of that temperature is because of the shitty reference cooler.For sure. But one thing to note is that Nvidia's ref cooler is a step up from AMD's, and yet it still hits 100 degrees. GM200 is a bigger housefire than Hawaii. I wouldn't want to get anything but an AIO, custom loop, or 3 fan cooler for it.
Well like I said I was starting from nothing, first rig. Impulse decisions tend not to go over well, but I'm a part of the big boy leagues now.
hideous amount of cashWut?The 970 is only worth it because it's cheap.
Nvidia's ref cooler is a step up from AMD'sA small step though, build quality aside. Fanboys jerk their three inch dicks over it for its looks, but all blower-style coolers perform like shit, relatively speaking. Literally the only good thing they're good for is SLI/Xfire setups.
970 is crap and broken on any game trying to use more then 3.5gbs.Its only a choice because its so cheap.Get a 500 980 after the price drop.
I calculated that it requires ~30-40 Wh to heat up a M3 of air a single degree celsius, now apply that to the titan X and your room, and assuming that you have a synthetic room that doesn't release the heat anywhere, you will have your results.Mine was 3*4*2room size in meters*35/300TDP of your GPU or your whole system, which is about 10 hours to heat up 5C in my case, then compare to what you have.
every graphics card fails when it tries to exceed its memory limit.
I like how the 290x reference cooler looks :/But the Vapor-x is way better
I thought Maxwell was supposed to be about efficiency and low temps. Guess they're really jumping the shark to try and at least clench their anuses a little bit for what Fiji XT might be.
are any of these cards better than the r9 290x OP?
They do not cause lag spikes because the card is pretending it can go up to 4g.
When a game asks for how much ram the GPU has the GPU responds that it has 4gb, the game adjusts itself to that.
You srs?
They are better in gaymur apps, sure, but the 290x still murders anything in compute, and the prices are low enough to make it STILL very worth it.
witcher 3 is a clusterfuck of terrible programming970 still only gets 3 more fps over a 290Xjust how fucking shitty is this 3.5gb card?
what is cuda
It's more of how amazing the 290x is tbh.
Cuda worked so well for crypto mining ;DDDDDD
Reviews are outhttp://arstechnica.co.uk/gadgets/2015/05/nvidia-gtx-980-ti-review-all-the-power-of-the-titan-x-for-650/
Boy I sure love 4k slideshows.
german converted to 740€ god damn, I guess I replace my shit hd 7950 msi
250w housefireKEK, NICE ONE, FERMIK201
buying a new card for a collapsing crypto currency mine.You could rent time on a machine somewhere with cheap electricity or just get a real hardware solution for yourself.
http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/85823/en-usNvidia GeForce 353.06 WHQL driverSupports GTX 980 Ti
referenceImagine customs, EVGA SC ASX with ocTitan X ded
I don't suggest buying 290x's for Crypto mining, the fact that the miners used exclusivelly 290's just goes to show that AMD is better at compute especially at scalable solutions.
When will I be able to buy a 980ti? And should I just get a evga one so I can beat the sellout? Instead of waiting for reviews on each.Ive been waiting on a new comp for awhile my 570s are dying I havent been able to go into surround on three screens for 6 months.
After 980ti launches, the price for 980 will decrease from $550 to $499
http://www.anandtech.com/show/9306/the-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-reviewIT'S HAPPENING
hue
The only reason Nvidia would cannibalize the Titan X this badly is because they're scared of Fijiit's HAPPENING
http://arstechnica.co.uk/gadgets/2015/05/nvidia-gtx-980-ti-review-all-the-power-of-the-titan-x-for-650/3/GOODAlmost identical performance to the leading Titan X Reference cooler design is attractive, quiet, and extremely effective at keeping the 980 Ti cool250W TDP is high, but still less than the equivalent AMD cardStrong software and driver support with GeForce Experience6GB of memory is more than enough for even the most demanding gamesBADTitan X owners finding out they could have saved £320/$350 by waiting two months for the 980 Ti
What about the titan x hardware that didnt met standard.I thought this is what it meant.either way time to profit.
He doesn't realize that this isn't the first time Nvidia's released a Ti series card after the release of the corresponding year's Titan series card that performed just about the same for less cost.Is this bait?
Yes, Nvidia were scared of the 290x back then.And oh boy, did it wreck the shit!
4gb 390X beats the titanX in all benchmarks and game tests in 4K and 1600pthe 4gb model will be around the same price as the 980ti wheras the 8gb 390X will be 850$ which is still cheaper than the titan
Always, always get a higher performing single card than SLI.
Nvidia just officially announced the 980ti on their Youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX2rJrqAF_k
The 290x released before the 780ti _
Amd holds an advantage in the highest resolutions due to tech.They still get rolled at lower res especially on multiple monitors.And they still have shit drivers and mantel/vulcan is still a dice roll.
Which was released after the titan?
Im watching it now is there a date of release yet?When will I be able to get it with a copper block attached and the nice evga of whatever leds in there.
June 1st according to NCIX review.
The new price/performance king.  This may be the last GPU anyone reasonable has to buy.  Anyone can game at 4K with this card.  You'd have to be literally poor to not buy this.
The 390x, non-HBM mind you, is not as powerful as the Titan XIf you were going off of the benchmarks in pic related, which was confirmed fake, you have been misinformed.The HBM card that AMD has in the books is named "Fury".
So watch the internet tommorow.
Impressive! Buy it at one day
this fucking pic is old and fake
Nvidia was scared of a card that released 7 months after the release of the original titan?
Titan X owners finding out they could have saved £320/$350 by waiting two months for the 980 TiI TOLD YOU SO!!!! Titan X owners BTFO!
Yup. I'm buying it on launch day. Done suffering through 20fps with my 750ti running at 4K.
If you were going off of the benchmarks in pic related, which was confirmed fake, you have been misinformed.which was confirmed fakeDid you even read the post?
4gb 390Xnot furythe 390 is rebrandedhttp://wccftech.com/amd-radeon-r9-390x-hawaii-8-gb-gddr5-spotted-radeon-r9-380-tonga-r9-370-pitcairn-rebrands/
What the fuck am I looking at?
WTF happened to 8GB 980s now we barely have 6GB on the 980ti. Someone is a jew.
So I'm at a bit of a impasseI want to upgrade to a 1440p, 144hz, ips, variable refresh monitorI currently have a 980 and a 144hz 1080p monitor.Should I:Sell my 980 and the 144hz 1080p for a 980ti and a acer xb270HU or the not out yet ASUS pg279q or the rog swiftor should I Sell my 980 and monitor for a 390 when it's out and a freesync ips 144hz 1440p monitor do these even exist?What do you guys think
http://maxwell.nvidia.com/gtx-980-tiIt's here boys!
rumors
When I press "Add to Cart":We're sorry but GeForce GTX 980 Ti is currently out of stock and cannot be added to your cart. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Pretty much everyone who's not a fucking moron saw this shit coming. The exact same shit happened with original Titan. Where's that Danish faggot with the two Titan Xs? I bet he feels like a moron now.
http://www.guru3d.com/news-story/amd-radeon-r9-390r9-380r9-370-and-r9-360-series-rebrands,5.htmlalso the 980ti is a rumor...
Fuck! It's gone already?!
Option Asell your 980 and monitor to buy a 980 ti and a new shit monitorOption Bsell your 980 and monitor to wait for a card you know nothing about - and a  new shit monitoranon stop
do these even exist?yeah, the asus MG279Q is the freesync equivalent of the xb270hu. I believe they use the same panel.I don't know what you should do. I have a 980 and the xb270hu at the moment and I'm really happy with it so far.
SOLD OUT SOLD OUT SOLD OUT SOLD OUTFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Hot off the presses broshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQou5h0Zh2k&feature=youtu.be&a
I don't think people who buy 2xtitan x care are that worried about saving money.
Not him but I have a 780 and these drivers didn't fix jack shit even though they said it would. Fuck nvidia
Fuck. Who else is stocking it now that Nvidia's store is sold out?
This
http://www.guru3d.com/articles-pages/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review,1.htmlgood night amd
New IPS 1440p 144hz monitorhttp://www.pcgamer.com/seven-new-g-sync-monitors-on-the-way-including-144-hz-ips-asus-display/
Worst voice I've ever heard my ears are going to fucking bleed.
So is this going to be the 1440p monster we've been waiting for?
basically the same performance as the Titan XWow
If you have the cash yes1440p 144hz beats the shit out of 4K 60hz
Can a pubescent person actually narrarate please? What an inferior male.
If i didn't know about the shitty crossfire support i'd so go for a 295x.
http://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/NVIDIA/GeForce_GTX_980_Ti/
It's not even the just the Crossfire shit. The card is just janky as fuck.
£550 cardNo fixed function HEVC decoderThese niggas serious? Why GTX960 has it and this shit doesn't?
This puts AMD in a weird spot.980ti appears to be a 1440p 21:9/16:9 beast of a card.  While it'll perform well enough at 4K, it's not going to plow through it with great performance.So for the 390x which will be 200 dollars more expensive than a 980ti, it better be THE single card 4K solution or else there's literally no reason to buy it.  We know Pascal will do it, but AMD could own the single card 4K market till then  If not AMD will be in big trouble with the rest of their lineup being rebrands.
Do the 970/980 have it?
390x =/= FuryStop confusing the two
nope, only GTX960 and probably new intel iGPUs
Is there even a reason for anyone to buy a 980 or Titan X?And how pissed would you be if you were one of the few who did buy a Titan X?
IT'S HAPPENING
The GPU can address the entire 6 GB of memory at a consistent speed.http://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/NVIDIA/GeForce_GTX_980_Ti/2.htmlWell I guess there's no 3.5 memegate for this card
He bought a reference cardHey everybody, let's laug at this faggot!HAHAHAHA
60 taxThe fuck?
$60Holy shit.alsono free shipping on a 600+ dollar productwhat the fuck?
even considering Audi as an option
based
referenceEnjoy your shit overclocking, noise and heat moron
Is this even a worthwhile upgrade from the 780 Ti, at least for 1080p and 1440p gaming? It's obviously worth it for 4K.
970 is the best card for 1080p 60fps ultra, if you are gonna down sample+4x aa or play at higher than 1080p go for the 980.980TI is for 4K gaymen
/g/'s morality compass poor consumer habbits are pretty buttmad right now.7970 was my last card that had horrible dev support from the AMD company. 9700 pro was my first from ATI. Not getting any from the red team for the forseeable future after the 670 was a night and day difference and I'm extremely satisfied with my 980. I'll SLI another later since SLI actually works on my gtx 295 unlike the 4870x2 I got rid of after 2 years.So many 970 sucks threads since the 3.5 thing, yeah really sucks...
Commiefornia. Sales tax here is rape.
IT'S OVER, AMD IS FINISHED!
FAKE. NOT EVEN FOR SALE ON THEIR SITE YET.
I really fucking want it.I can't wait to buy it after some months and a little price drop + better cooling.
Check again, moron.
If you already have a 780ti wait for Pascal or AMD 300 series

So how well will two 980ti's do in 4K?I don't really feel like one will be enough.
g-sync now works in windowed modeAnyone else hyped like me?
Why is nVIDIA so evil? They are making AMD obsolete real fast at this rate.
implying non reference coolers don't shoot themselves in the foot by dumping heat back into the case anyways
What if I have a 770? Can I upgrade?
Is g-sync really worth it? I could either afford a G-Sync 1080p monitor or a standart 60hz 4k monitor.
Buy product from AMDNo support, have to give up on completing a videogame before issues are fixedBuy product from NvidiaPrerelease patches, fully supported in what I use the hardware for, have several old Nvidia dinosaurs lying around from me not getting rid of them. 6800 ultra, still windows 8.1 drivers on the Nvidia site ready for 2004 part.Yeah so evil.
Retard.  Why would you buy ANYTHING right now?  Especially with HBM right around the corner?  LEL...enjoy your overpriced mid-range card.
not having good airflowAre you just trolling?What if I have a 770? Can I upgrade?To a 980ti? That would be worth it
Check again, faggot.
It's not their fault that AMD has been so utterly hopeless in the past 2 to 3 years.
I got a XB270H for cheap and it looks nice and does make a difference when gaming
Cards will be on sale June 1st, hard launchNo cards will be on sale today, May 31stJust wait until tomorrow
i have great airflow but i wish i didn't need to.  somebody needs to make a triple slot blower cooler that pumps air out of the case and has the fin area of an nh-d15.  fuck sli.
Eat a dick.
Kek. Nvidiot cucks creaming themselves because the 980ti looks like good value compared to the Titan X.Oh wow it's such a good dealtitan X performance for only $650it supports gaymen cripple werks tooOh my, I love taking it up the assthank based nvdia
But anon already bought one...
Is there tax charge on it?
So how much power is the ti on?450ish?At least AMD isnt shitting the bed with video cards at the level of the cpu market.EVGA releases the copper version right away or do they wait?
Any info about the price on yurope?
Sec let me put my info in
overtly homosexual message toneuses picture of a jewButthurt Qatari AMD investor detected. Everything you mudslime faggots don't like is always either gay or jewish in your opinion.
Why didnt AMD save us.
Are you retarded? Of course you can.http://www.anandtech.com/show/9306/the-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review/16The system with a GTX 980 Ti, plus an overclocked 130W CPU, consumes about 390W under load. And your CPU already consumes less than the one on the review.
implying implications
Around 750€
Another anon with a 770. I'd like to upgrade to the 980ti but don't know how much of a performance upgrade it'll provide or if it'll be worth it. My 770 is okay for most games at high, but games like GTAV and Witcher 3 are crushing it. 45 fps on medium-high for Witcher 3. Fucking Nvidia drivers.Is it a meaningful, worthwhile upgrade?
Im resisting the urge to early adopt.Be waiting 3 months or so and planning a build slowly.Also how long on new cpus?
Just check your +12V rails
Broadwell?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQou5h0Zh2k
750€ for me
gearing up to sell 290 and buy 295x2figure i can just sell 295x2 and get fury when it drops650 980tii dont even know what to do anymore, i just want to be able to run muh games faster
What do you guys do with your old computer hardware? Do you sell it on Craigslist or eBay?
FUCK THIS TAX
Yes.
When?
I stick it to the side intending to use it for something. Let it gather dust for 6 months to a year and end up throwing it out.Its shitty but I am honest about it.
Can I have your old shit?
Tax not included in the price of the productwhat the fuck
From a 770 to a 980ti? Oh yeah dude.
It's an american thing.
this. this how you do it. Please take note everyone.
The 970 is fresh in my mind.
This...:-
They did with the 7000 series. But all the good little Nvidia customers bought the 600 series instead. Cause muh drivers memes and selection bias. Even the 280 was way cheaper than this. It it was a fucking 576 mm cubed die. Honestly tell me Nvidia isn't fucking us all.This was the future you chose. This is the future you deserve.
But look at what happened with the 970. If you purchased the card from a reputable source they offered a refund/compensation/upgrade. Reviewers have the cards and tested them BEFORE announcement , something that the 970 didn't have.
reference$60So much for that "free" game, huh?  Idiot.  Looks like someone had to be the guinea pig and it's you.At this point I'm waiting to see what HBM has to offer before I pull the trigger on anything.  I'll at least get a better cooler than the reference design.
Give it to my brother.
Review by a well known PC hardware site.http://www.guru3d.com/articles_pages/nvidia_geforce_gtx_980_ti_review,15.html
If you look closer at the chip markings, you will notice that most of these chips were manufactured at least 9 months ago.
Anyone wanna buy a 770 4gb WF? Trying to get some dosh for the upgrade to 980ti
Kepler performance fix released as well:http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/85823/en-usI got a nice increase in FPS in Witcher 3. It also reset my overclock so I thought it did nothing at first.
Elaborate
Is Witcher 3 the only game they nerfed performance on or does this fix other issues as well?
1433That means manufactured in 33rd week of 2014
Nerd
So many 970 sucks threads since the 3.5 yeah, that pic in your post shows that 970 is more faster than 290X!!! lol inb4 MADSHILLS BTFO
AMD is pretty fucked.This GTX980 TI delivers so much more performance than an OC R290 and yet consumes less power.AMD has nothing in their hands other than the Fury.The R300 series with the rebranded shit won't do the job.
780ti slower than 290Nvidia the way it's meant to be played™
Fury is supposed to shit on the 980ti, so all they have to do is price it similarly
I really hope that fury will be a huge jump in performance.Just look at pic related. Overclocked 980ti is just as fast as R9 295X2
Not really.  I'm not loyal to either brand, but remember that a 290x is a third of the price for a little less performance.  Plus they will be the first to HBM which may perform significantly better at higher resolutions than a 980 ti or a Titan X.All I'm saying is I'm waiting to see what Fury or the 390x has to offer before I pull the trigger on any new, high end card.  That's what a smart buyer should do.  However, I have a feeling I'm going to keep waiting for Pascal.
It's Titan X chips that didn't turn out well
It consumes the same amount of power, not less. Both are 250W cards, way more if you overclock. AFAIK the rebrands are not confirmed yet. Maybe the 300 series will be large Tonga all around and fury will be Fiji. Might be interesting, I just hope AMD manages to kick some ass, I'm sick of the minimal improvements and "muh power efficiency".
Has anyone used this site before?http://www.sellgpu.com/
It's almost as if products take time to produce! :O
It they don't fuck it up on E3 and price the Fury at 500 bucks, they can only win.But as always the card is gonna be more expensive.
Nah, many people are on the GTX 970 suxxor memetrain.It's still a decent card.
It's not exactly cannibalizing, they're just re-purposing binned cards. They are definitely keeping the price low to compete with the 390x though.
They overclocked to the levels of a 295x with a reference card? I don't know much about overcklocking, but would it run stable with an oc clockspeed like that?If yes, either the Fury has to really be a lot better or the AMD ceo's are sweating their asses off right now.
970 is a binned 980980ti is a binned titanXfollow my logic 970 is a horrible clusterfuck3.5gb is all anyone talks about but the real problem is that its render curve fluctuates to wildly and causes horrible micro stuttering and that has nothing to do with the vRAMnvidia cant make a binned GPU not be shit apparentlynow stay with mesomething nvidia does in the cut down cases this fluctuation980ti is a cut down of the titanXwill the same fluctuation curve in the 970 be in the 980ti? the 3.5gb is the only thing anyone bitched about so thats the only thing they would bother to fix everything else they would do the same as the 970
all that 4k hype with AMD FurySeriously, this Fury thing has to be 100% faster than the 980TI for anyone to even consider gaming at 4K.Otherwise it is totally useless and nothing but advertisment shilling.The Fury comes with HBM ram, which is expensive as fuck.I doubt it will be sold for less than 800€ here.
The 970 issue never was a huge issue for many people, it's an issue with Nvidias arrogance and their communication. Select few people had severe issues because of it, they had no way of knowing beforehand and Nvidias answer was "deal with it, it's by design, be grateful for what you got".
the 8GB are so useless
The GPU can address the entire 6 GB of memory at a consistent speed.http://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/NVIDIA/GeForce_GTX_980_Ti/2.htmlThey left the ROP count alone which is what caused the 970 issue
I don't know why people bought them, every benchmark showed literally zero improvement
bump limit new thread
people buying cards and shit to go with their 1440 144Hz monitorsThere ain't shit you can play right now @ 144Hz 1440p, so what's the point?I'm just going to get another 1920x1200 60Hz monitor and stay here for at least another year, or however long I need to wait before getting higher resolution and higher refresh rate monitors makes any goddamn sense.
being this retarded
Sapphire R9 285 ITX. Without question
the AMD ceo's are sweating their asses off right now.Pretty muchpic related: Kikes at AMD's Israel Branch -- They can't keep tricking goyim to buy rebranded cards
Previous thread:Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:http://ktgee.net/post/49423737148/thinkpad-guideThinkWiki - Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:http://www.thinkwiki.org/wiki/ThinkWikiThinkPad service guides w/ tutorial videos:http://service.lenovo.partner-management.com/et.cfm?eid=1369
, 
So I found this old radio that still works today and I wanna see if I can use the speakers for my TV or not and if so also find a way to still use it for the radio
thanks for the blog post. where can I read more about your interesting life?
cable goes in, sound goes out, you can't explain that
Tell me more
Is there anyone who can help me figure it out? Here's the back
those two round connectors are called RCA. if they are labelled "AUX" somewhere, or if that radio has an AUX mode, that could be your key to victory. then find a standard 3.5mm audio to stereo rca cable and connect that to your tv or something.
They are extremely shitty speakers and will sound like complete ass. Your tv more than likely has better speakers than that peace of shit.  Dont know why you would use it.
Not sure if I have an AUX modeI tested it and it seems fine, you might be right but I want to do something with the radio
You do have aux mode. It took all of 10 seconds to google a manual for the thing. You can RCA from your TV to Aux on the back of the unit but, as has been mentioned, will still sound like a shitty boom box.
I can get ANY phone on the market on June 10th or later.What to get? Leaning towards LGG4
Are you buying outright, or being a good goy?
Lumia 940
Dont worry about it, whenever I say it theres always someone fucking complaining about it, no matter what I say
What do you want in a phone? I just got an xperia Z3 compact and I love it.  I would get the regular Z3 too but I wanted something under 5"
go for the G4, or g flex 2 if you like the curve.
Nobody cares.
Take the S6 :D Unless the SD card/ Removable Battery is essential to you it's the best phone at the moment
SNSV Memefone 2ASUS Zenfone 2*shills some more*
Not digging the design of it too much
Thanks man you too
Didnt mean to greentext
Nexus 6 :^
Xiaomi Mi Note Pro
Too big, isnt a new nexus coming out soon too?
Get the most expensive shit out there. That's what I'd do f l if I could get ANY phone on the market
Supposedly 2 Nexii, actually. One normal size, and another one if fuckhueg like the Nexus 6. Both should be spec'd about the same.
iphone 6 plus
Moto X
iPhone 6sLumia 940/1540if W10 is a dud, avoidSome really powerful android device
That sounds awesomeIs there something wrong on the screens of them or like a tint? Everyone Ive seen in person looked yellowish
There's phones that aren't the Note 4?On a serious note, get it.
This.I'm ordering one tomorrow hopefully. I was going to get white, but the censors would look ugly as fuck.Do you have a leather back? I was going to get the black leather back but it's $25 more and I dunno how worn it'll get.
Im thinking about getting the Sony Xperia Z3.Its just about the best phone i've found so far I factor camera quality into my choices, is there anything better than it with atleast a 20mp camera?
Z3+ is out soon I think
How hard is it to adjust to the 5.7 screen size? Its tempting but I just think it might be too big
ANYVirtu
Actually I might just get the Note Edge
$10,000 - $20,000 or moreAndroid 4.4
Heheh that was the joke. I was trying to be funny.
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAAHHAHAAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHH
muh screen is so big I can't even use my phone properlyI hope this stupid trend will over some day.the only phone in the market I would buy today is the xperia z3 compact:comfy 4.6inch size, flagship specs, water and dust proof, sd card..inb4 manletI'm 185cm tall
I have the 5s coming from the s3 and its fucking shit. cant wait to get something bigger than 5.4"
Moto x has a shit tier battery life though
nexus 6, oppo find 7 or whatever's the most recent.
well I personally just don't need a screen that big, I don't watch movies on my phone, for me it's more importan the comfiness and the less space it takes in my pocket betterit's a mobile device after all also the z3 compact have a goat battery life also because it don't have to power an enormous 5 inch 1080p screen.
Yeah, Im probably gonna get the G4 or note Edge then
Don't worry "phablet" fad will be over soon and they'll start to shill small phones.
Good phones will be coming out in Q3/Q4. Wait it out. LG Phones devalue quickly, so even if it is the phone you end up getting, you'll be saying A LOT of money just by waiting 3/4 months.
This.  I use my phone primarily to text and GPS navigation.  I don't need to be carrying around a tablet in my pocket all day so I can text and snapchat my girlfriend.  Who the fuck are you people watching movies all day on your fucking phones?  Or do you just not even consider what you'll actually do with it and just get the prettiest one?
You won't be able to find a Note Edge. It was a limited run model.
Whatt, fuck
is this too much for a nexus 5?ebay.com/itm/281708227784
Going to best buy now to preorder the LGG4. Thanks /gentoomen/
After one month of usage so far, the zenfone 2 still gets my vote. The screen and performance is incredibly good for $200. epsxe runs flawlessly on this thing with all my apps running in the background
when will these be available in the US.
I do agree that 5.5 might be a little big but, I can't do 4.6.
Top phones available: 1. Galaxy S62. iPhone 6Both are obscenely overpriced, but if you have money to throw away, they are the best.
Anything other than the galaxy note 4 or xperia z3 compact is considered harmful.
Buddy needs a wheel/pedal for PS4, clutch optional.What are some decent ones to look at?
Logitech is dropping a new one soon. Wait for that. http://www.playstationlifestyle.net/2015/05/22/rumor-logitech-racing-wheel-ps4-pictures-leaked-online/
onesatYou're hired!
/v/
/v/ ignored me.
Thankswut
This is /dpt/, the best subreddit of /g/In this thread:computer scienceprogrammingsoftware engineeringreverse engineeringWat are u working on, anon-chan ?
First for failed apps.
Thank you for using an anime image!
linux haskell
people use Java unironicallypeople consider Python as a programming languagepeople believe you can play on Linuxpeople thinks C++ is too difficultpeople buy apple products
queue 500 shitposts
Currently working on a software renderer for Linux. I open /dev/fb0 as a file then map it into the process's memory. This way, i can have a straight access to the GPU's main framebuffer and view it like any arrays. That's Nearby/mostly Zero overhead.
there are people who aren't using Microsoft Visual C++ and Microsoft Visual Studio in 2015
Who wants to work on a programming project together? I am down to make anything
Does it automatically unfuck itself when you quit the program?
thanks to that anon who told me how to generate uml diagrams from codereally saved my bacon
Me!
I don't program on/for Windows
Me :3
I'm using 2013, I thought 2015 wasn't out yet? People that shit on VS need to check their facts though, VS is pretty fucking great right now.
I don't program on/for Windowstake this
Okay what should we work on? Lets think of projects.
yes since xorg also render its stuffs.try need to be root if your user account is not in the group 'video'cat /dev/urandom  /deb/fb0
Post skypes, i want to make money with you
any bros here from /r9k/?is it possible to make a program that analyzes vaginas and rate's the vagina on an innie roastie scalecould have meme potential
We need to decide on a project name a logo first, then decide on a language.
Note that you can also read the pixels withcat /dev/fb0  pixels.binyou could then convert the bin file into a image like a .png or .jpg. that's could be a fun project to do.
I think a machine learning algo could do that easily, you just need a large number of labeled pics to train it.Use python.
I'm a big data developer, and most of that is done in Java or Scala. Things like Spark, Hadoop, Lucene, Solr,
I wonder if I can put that on my resume..
He said in 2015. Not VS 2015.
And since it's Java/Scala, we just use Eclipse/IntelliJ

people thinks C++ is too difficultSo C++ is your language of choice read: the only language that you don't give people shit for because that's what you're most competent in.
I'm just spit-balling here, but if you were to take the the idea of neural networks currently a DAG and add a second layer of functions, say a comperator, and use it to decide output path would it be possible to make them cyclic?
I gave up programming ; convince me to do it again
Ah, my bad.
If you don't nobody will like you on /g/ and that means that nobody will like you at all.
I'm pretty sure there is a 2015 version though, but it's unstable. Don't quote me on that though.
another coder reporting in
"I'm pretty sure there is a 2015 version though, but it's unstable."- Anonymous #48256510
Any language suggestions? might narrow down some ideas, making it easier
pls
/r9k/14325630
We could always fall for the C meme
We can write it in whatever languages then trans compile all of it into one language.
I think we should go for the "web app in x64 asm" meme
php pls we should make money

tfw no trans gf
I know how to do php, javascript, HTML, CSS, and my favorite Java.
I got a logo idea, pic related.
There's a RC.
lol transwomen are more mentally ill and 5 times more crazy and messed up than normal women trust me you don't want one.
I like it, what projects would fit into this logo?
meme languages actually existnot sure how i feel about this actually
I see. Have you used it?
That is actually pretty funny 10 / 10 would program in LOLscript
https://github.com/lhartikk/ArnoldC
Wow...wow. Why.
LOL "Get out, you memelord"
my name is LordFagOrDeGay get it right
Java, or node.js, or python.
kek/10
Hmmm....Not sure. I think we should get a final logo first.
b-but java scala slow hurr durr something something you are not a real programmer unless you program in assembly on a Geniuinetm Copyc of Microsofttm Windowstm 10.0 Cheetachc
I think we should think of ideas first I want to make DAt jew coin
http://pyos.github.io/dg/
No, but the new features really makes me want to try it.I only use windows at work though.
So, I'm writing a rock, papper scissors program in Python. When I get to testing who wins, I have something likeif comp == rock:    if user == rock:        #tie    if user == paper:        #user wins    if user == scissors:        #comp winsif comp == paper:#ectIs the if-if-if thing okay, or should I use if-elif-else?
Are you fucking serious?
Use whatever you want, pick a common interface and link it all together.
it's my first language ;_;
It doesn't matter you could even use a switch statement if you really wanted too.
It doesn't matter how you implement it. Just make it work.
I was wondering what's most accepted,  I don't want ugly code
switch statementPython
you don't even need a single if statement.
/dev/fb0Direct access to the GPU's main framebuffer.Lol.
It doesn't matterHey I am a Java fag I haven't done Python in 55 years
C.
It's not about the code being ugly, just get a pen and paper and you will realize how you can improve your code
 reverse engineeringBloody hell VBA applications look like total shit in Assembly. That VB VM DLL is so large and stupid, no wonder VB applications are slow and inefficient, so difficult to dissemble them and walk through all this garbage.
Ok let's try again, i'm searching a team for a web project and actually make money through it *rubs hands*Here some ideas:custom cms to sell, like an online casino softwarecustom plugins with subscriptions for existing cmsesclixsense/pay to view/pay to click clonewebgame, php based but we could consider websocketsWe will use php, sql and javascript but i wouldn't mind a good front-end developer/designerI'm doing this because alone i'm extremely lazy and i don't have the time to follow a full projectSkype: atomixableNecessary for make a group, preferably don't have a gay avatar
Well, despite the performance being the pretty much the same regardless of how you implement it, it's very important to think about *why* one would be used over another, or rather, what thought process you should take to decide which to use.Let's start with switch-case statements. These are used when you have many options- we'll say at least 3 specific options and then a default option. This would technically be "better" for you to use than the chaining of if's, simply because it's making it clear that [what happens in this part depends strictly on the value of the user variable] without having to check through 3 different conditions, albeit checking the 3 on this example is quick.Next, if-elseif or if-elseif-else. This can be used for 2 or more options and a default. You can chain elseif's in order to have many different options. With elseif's, if one condition along the chain evaluates to true and its block is executed, none of the other conditions are checked. In my opinion, this would make just as much sense to use here than the switch-case statement.Chaining if's. I'll keep this short; the reason this method is the "worst" of the 3 I'm mentioning is because it is simply not efficient. If the user is rock, then the other two conditions should not be checked, but chaining if's does it anyway. Also, technically you could change the value of user in the block after one of the if's and it could cause more than one of the conditions to evaluate to true unintentionally.tl;dr doesn't really matter, but switch-case or if-elseif would be "more ideal" here.
How that wrong ?
forint x = 0;x  filenames.size;x++{            BufferedImage image = ImageIO.readnew URL"https://i.4cdn.org/jp/" + filenames.getx + "." + ext.getx;                        try{                File outputfile1 = new File"E:\\Folder\\" + filenames.getx;                ImageIO.writeimage,ext.getx,outputfile1;            }catchException e{                          }        }Anyone know what I'm doing wrong? I'm trying to save all the images in a thread, but the images save in a .file format instead of the correct extension.
be mesend this guy skype friend requestfirst thing he says "wow what a gay face"yeah i totally wanna work with someone like you over the internet :D

taking jokes seriouslyof course
finished my brainfuck to c generator. I'm just gonna write a script to make invoking it less of a pain nowIt does indentation by itself too. Example:https://gist.github.com/toluene/d97c978222f94de6806b is the result of converting the wikipedia hello world example
That's not a joke, that's just being a retard.
When you add money to the mix it just gets 1000x harder and more pressuring.
def resultshape, other:  if shape == other:    return 0  elif shape == rock and other == scissors or       shape == paper and other == rock or       shape == scissors and other == paper:    return 1  else    return -1...res = resultuser, compif res == 1:  # user winselif res == -1:  # comp winselse:  # tieperhaps something like this
rock = 0paper = 1scissors = 2if p1-p2%3 == 1:    # p1 winselif p1-p2%3 == 2:    # p2 winselse:    # tie
Someone write this on one line of code
shut updon't get me wrong, money will be the long term objective as a fair result of our work, is pointless investing time on projects you will release for free
Points to whoever can tell  me what this iswhile i != 1:    if i % 2:        i = i * 3 + 1        print i    else:        i = i / 2        print i
Fuck me if I'm wrong here but... does the int main need to be before the void? #include iostream#include string#include cstdlibusing namespace std;void gen_randomchar *s, const int len {        forint i = 0; i  len; ++i {           int theAlias = rand%26+26+10;           iftheAlias  26{              s[i] = 'a' + theAlias;           }        s[len] = 0;    }int main {        cout  theAlias  endl;        return 0;}}
no u
Are you a fucking retard or is this a meme?
You take a number, and multiply by 3 and add 1 if odd, divide by 2 if even, and repeat until number is 1. There's probably a name for that mathematical process but I'm not math booksmart enough to know it.
hailstone sequence
actually thinks having fever lines makes for a better programRetard. The original one was way more readable.
Except for the fact you don't have enough skills to sell anything for real money and there are more stable free alternatives.I have so many good ideas I just need a team and motivation, making money is easyahahahaha faggot
Some GPUs don't use /dev/fb
bro you need to check your curly bracket placements. The int main does not need to be before the void. Your gen_random function doesn't close until after the main. It should close before the main.
The name is what I'm getting at, I know what it is but I felt like testing /g/Sort of yeah, but what conjecture is that code trying to prove?
Isn't that to prove that any integer can follow that sequence and eventually be reduced to 1? I may be wrong but I feel like learning something about that in school... or maybe it was "find a number that doesn't get reduced to 1 by this algorithm" but I don't remember if the answer was "there are no numbers" or not.
it can be before the complete void function, but you need to declare the void function before main like this:void gen_randomchar*, const int;If you're asking about the error, it seems that you put main inside the void function
how are you this retarded?
p = p1 - p2p == 1 || p == -2 - winp == 0 - tieelse - loss
Game: bean machine The bean machine, also known as a quincunx or the Galtonbox, is a device for statistics experiments named after English scientist SirFrancis Galton. It consists of an upright board with evenly spaced nails or pegsin a triangular form.Balls are dropped from the opening of the board. Every time a ball hits a nail, ithas a 50% chance of falling to the left or to the right. The piles of balls are accumulatedin the slots at the bottom of the board.Write a program that simulates the bean machine. Your program should promptthe user to enter the number of the balls and the number of the slots in the machine.Simulate the falling of each ball by printing its path.
1 I want a team to work with2 It would be cool if we make money togetherLook at websites like themeforest/codecanyon, not everyone is a stupid open source hippie there are people who value their work
Your first guess was right, but what's it CALLED, NIGGA
This is way too hard no one on /g/ will be able to do this.
enum RPS {    case ROCK    case PAPER    case SCISSORS        func beatsother:RPS - Bool? {        switch self {        case .ROCK:            if other == .ROCK {                return nil            } else {                return other == .SCISSORS            }        case .PAPER:            if other == .PAPER {                return nil            } else {                return other == .ROCK            }        case .SCISSORS:            if other == .SCISSORS {                return nil            } else {                return other == .PAPER            }        }    }}let paper = RPS.PAPERlet rock = RPS.ROCKlet scissors = RPS.SCISSORSprintlnpaper.beatsrockprintlnpaper.beatsscissors
bro listen i'm sorry but it seems like we just disagree on this point. you can have your opinion but don't go around telling us we're stupid for not wanting to monetize something we know there are free and likely better alternatives to. if you have a *legitimate* idea, one that'd take actual work and be actually rewarding in the end ie. not "ok we made this clickspam site now lets make moniez hue", then talk.
I'M SORRY I DON'T KNOW MATHEMATICZ VOCABULARY OR HISTORY PLEASE DON'T YELL AT Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
What are you talking about ? of course the gpu don't "use" fb0, it's an abstraction from linux. The GPU has nothing to do here, excepting providing a VESA framebuffer which is not a problem since all commercial GPUs are conform to VBE.
Error when I compile itsrva@chan:~/Production/C++$ g++ alias.cpp -o alias/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-linux-gnu/4.9/../../../x86_64-linux-gnu/crt1.o: In function `_start':.text+0x20: undefined reference to `main'collect2: error: ld returned 1 exit statusuhsrva@chan:~/Production/C++$ 
I just came up with an idea that could change politics:A website/app/etc that shows which politician voted with or against his continuance's interests.It'll easily show which politicians are working with the public and which ones aren't.To see what the public wants, the company would survey the public in things the politician votes on, then the company would evaluate what the politician actually votes on - to see if his interests are aligned with the public or not. This would all be done on a local community level - both for politicians represent small communities and large onesThere could be a variety of features too like, which politicians are aligned with the public the most and which ones are aligned the least.This could actually big a deal, perhaps helping swing elections between politicians where one is noted to be more aligned with the public and where the other competing politician isn't, you know?It'd take a lot to get this off the ground and help eventually get this in the top 100 internet websites and shit but hey,what do you bros think?
#include iostream#include string#include cstdlibusing namespace std;void gen_randomchar *s, const int len {    forint i = 0; i  len; ++i {        int theAlias = rand%26+26+10;        iftheAlias  26{            s[i] = 'a' + theAlias;        }        s[len] = 0;    }}int main {    cout  theAlias  endl;    return 0;}
Have fun keeping that updated for every single politician every single time a bill is put forward
set it up10 years lateramazing site that everyone usesremember developers are from 4chanadolf hitler voted as most honest politician
If you're thinking about American politics,  not enough of the population would use it. People don't care about anything but if they are democrat or republican. It might work in other countries
What about an online auctions cms based on php?
Surely it must be possible to programmatically get the data from some website.
The trouble would be early adoption, but if it can gain traction then we could even hold votes on it from the public on certain issues before the politicians vote for them and then make the results of that vote public so that politician can see what the people they're representing want. It could simply be an app on your phone, it'd notify you a few days before something is going to be voted on and it could provide you with relevant context. This way politicians will be more directly accountable for their votes.
Why so complicated?rock = 0paper = 1scissors = 2wins = setrock, scissors, scissors, paper, paper, rocka = rockb = scissorsif a, b in wins:    print"a won"else if a == b:    print"tie"else:    print"a lost"
Hey I thought it was a good idea. Lets hear your guys ideas.If all else fails we can program a game with Phaser5 library it's easy.
like craigslist, ebay, or amazon? Revolutionary.
Collatz sequence
give it to me straight, /dpt/:How hard would it be to program a simple file explorer for linux?graphical, but no need for images of folders and stuff - probably just a simple tree-style exploreroh, and what gui library would be best for it?
Way too hard you would need a team of 6 master programmers all working together. Where are you going to find 6 other freaks?
Qt
What about a roleplaying online social game? Some sort of union between mafia world and habbo?
And at least one millennium itemPreferably the puzzle, rod or ring
le idea man
Has anyone successfully used numpy in iron python? I've compiled it and ran a couple of tests but when I try to implement it in an actual script I get stuck.
Is this a meme now? Describing "new" ideas by comparing directly to an old idea?
So far the two best ideas in the thread listed below
What if we could be the Uber for homosexual prostitutes?
https://github.com/toluene/bf-to-cinvoke brainfuck to c with bftoc inputfile outputfile
I need my code to read like a short novel!That code is super easy to read.
Fucking faggots nothing come from nothing, people are making money with copied and pasted porn websites and you spit on interesting projects. You don't need to be a special snowflake to make something in your life.
PrologMy nigger. Finally someone else who has seen the light.
people use Java unironicallyI don't get this. Seen it on /g/ everywhereI've written hundred of thousands of lines of java, learned a lot about it's advanced featureset, and always held it with high regard.The only negatives I can think of with java are: lacking macros like C++ has garbage collection is shitty for some applications first year programming students think everything is java and use it to write shitty programsbut there's so much good to Java! It's the goto language for web frameworks in the enterprise world, and is extremely simple to write complex programs with.So tell me /g/, why should we stop using Java?
Yeah, prolog is great for parsing. handling files is a fucking pain though which is why I am using that bash script
You don't even know how to copy and paste a member-ship based porn website, let alone make a shitty website or game of your own. You will get nowhere if you're nothing but ideas, unless you have a lot of money and people willing to work for you.
I can make the first and second one but the third one a real actual game I cannot do that yet.=
https://bitbucket.org/snippets/Tetsumi/RXko/untitled-snippet
Just google this guys name and "skype".
java a shit
I get nothing?
"atomixable" skype
it's pretty much just a meme. anyone who genuinely dislikes java has gotten meme'd or is butthurt over their own incompetence.
Anyone here working with neural networks before?How hard is it to implement?What have you done with yours?
OH WOW AHAHAHASKIDDY ALERT
it's a meme you dip
Can confirm as a guy who has programmed in many different languages. /g/ likes to troll.
subredditPleas get the hell out and never come back
just a memehttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticism_of_Java
responding to the most obvious bait in the world/r/funnyMemesxDDDD/
lmao nice underage b&
In 2008 the U.S. DOD's Center Software Technology Support published in the "Journal of Defense Software Engineering" an article discussing the unsuitableness of Java as first learned programming language in education. Disadvantages given for Java as first language were that students "had no feeling for the relationship between the source program and what the hardware would actually do" and the impossibility "to develop a sense of the run-time cost of what is written because it is extremely hard to know what any method call will eventually execute".[7]
lelhttp://www.gnu.org/philosophy/java-trap.html
I think I'm gonna finally try to into web CGI...
so? tell me which of those criticisms truly matter? C++, python and others have also been criticized, big whoop.
How do i make sure an instance of the same program isn't running currently?Say i make an executable named a.out.in one terminal, i run the program, assume it will run for 5 seconds.Then right after running the file, i run the same a.out in another terminal.How do i make it so the second process waits for the first process to finish and then start doing whatever it has to do?
The language is so unflexible. Sometimes an EDSL is the cleanest solution. Take for example an streaming library before Java 8. It's clearly a really useful abstraction to have Java 8, Linq, Pipes, Conduit, C++ ranges.... You either write a thousand wrappers for functions lolnolambdas and your own Stream class with a static wrapper function or use another language that can target the JVM and stop using Java.If you choose to write your own Stream class, you'll quickly realize that it's not extensible you can't write new combinators from other places and the lack of FP features will fuck up the syntax everywhere.Something similar happens when you try to do higher-order abstractions Functors and Monads for example. Not that every user needs to write those abstractions, but the library writer just can't do it. You simply can't express a higher-kinded constraint or specify a function that doesn't require an instance in an interface. These are some serious limitations if you are writing a sufficiently generic library.
Bullshit. The API system is way too bloated and complex.
This oneJava lacks compound value types, such as structs in C, bundles of data that are manipulated directly instead of indirectly via references. Value types can offer significant performance improvements and memory savings in some cases.[11][12][13] A typical example is Java's HashMap, which is internally implemented as an array of HashMap.Entry objects.[14] Because Java lacks value types, this array is actually an array of references pointers to Entry objects, which in turn contains references to key and value objects. Looking up something in the map requires inefficient double indirection. If Entry were a value type, the array could store pairs of key and value references directly, eliminating the first indirection, increasing locality and reducing memory usage and heap fragmentation. If Java further supported generic primitive types, primitive keys and values could be stored in the array directly, removing the second indirection.
I'm looking for the simplest solution so no need to get complex.
i should care deeply about the opinions of batshit insane ideologists did you even read the link? right at the top it saysSince this article was first published, Sun has relicensed most of its Java platform reference implementation under the GNU General Public License, and there is now a free development environment for Java. Thus, the Java language as such is no longer a trap.
Simple solution would be to just write the pid to a file and check that on startup.Or re-write your logic with a queue system so you don't need multiple instances at once.
as if python isn't worse than java in those regards. and i totally disagree, fucking retarded
ok kid
Anybody else ever realize that everybody except for you is an idiot?
Shut up, idiot.
Only when you realize that you are a massive idiot yourself.
Oracle Senior Developer reporting in. It is a very good thing to have a very extensive library for all the different variety of programming projects.
can you help mei don't know why this is happeningException in thread "main" java.awt.HeadlessException    at java.awt.GraphicsEnvironment.checkHeadlessGraphicsEnvironment.java:207    at java.awt.Window.initWindow.java:535    at java.awt.Frame.initFrame.java:420    at java.awt.Frame.initFrame.java:385    at app.appletviewer.cappletviewer.java:312    at jagexappletviewer.mainjagexappletviewer.java:78
Wow, look at these guys who can't detect a joke. Take ur autidsm pills bls.
So i check the file and if it contains a PID, check if the process is still running? Or make it so every process deletes the PID once it stops?What if i lock some file on startup, and release it at the end, So as long as a file is locked, a process is running, and if not, no process is running.
oh
Yes, all the time.
sent, check ur email :
HeadlessExceptionClass HeadlessException descriptionThrown when code that is dependent on a keyboard, display, or mouse is called in an environment that does not support a keyboard, display, or mouse.
Wow, look at this guy who can't detect a double joke. Take ur autidsm pills bls.
Wow, look at this guy who can't detect a joke. Take your dildo and shove it up further you edgy anarchy fuck.
Haskell
the funny thing is i've ran this exact program within the past week and now it isn't working, i'm doing nothing different and haven't changed anything, have tried reinstalling too
you are making this too complicated.Just make a pid file containing the processes PID and make the program check it each time it is run. If a pid file is detected have the program kill itself so that you have to go and find the process thats still running, kill it and then delete the pid file manually.And make sure to also handle this in your signal handlingassuming your programming in linux
have you looked at GraphicsEnvironment.java:207
and appletviewer.java:312look at the shit
Trying lua-enet for some simple networking software, after that i will probably make some simple game or whatever.
REKTplease post those two lines of code
edgy anarchy fuck.Heh. People are still mad about it.U got me.
Lets remake call of duty bro
It's all in good fun, kid.
nah, i have something else special planned ;
Seeing as your on linux. In BASH just do ps, C system"ps" Iterate through and check against your argv[0] which is your filename against each of the ls output if not found, continue else exit program.
Thanks. I found something on stack overflow that'll help me.
First post on /g/!What's the objectively best language?
I need some ideas on stuff to scrape
Javamake an online chatroom plus eat my ass
Assembly
My best language would be Lua just JVM performance, otherwise it's pretty perfect.LuaJit smashes pretty much every other Scripting lang, but still not good enough
Hahaha! Well meme'd, good sir!
malebolge
making a csgo inventory parser in python.  It was working until they made an update not too long ago and now it doesnt.Need to be able to login as a user account, and then calculate the total worth of you csgo related items in a list.
Rate the semantics of a language I'm designing// Typevars and message lists// First off, let's look at a possible implementation of the `map` function:class Array%contained do  |$contained|-%ret Closure in    func mapClosure c-Array$ret do      // the alloc method makes a new object      // it can be over-ridden at the class level to do some bookkeeping      // In this case, you can pass a size to be allocated ahead of time      let arr = Array$ret.allocself.size.init      // `do' syntax can be reversed on functions that take a single closure      // in order to omit parens      self.each do |member|        arr.pushcmember      end      return arr;    end  // Now, let's implement a version of this that takes a message list  // these are heavily lisp inspired   $contained.%msg M, M.return %q in    func map$msg.list m-Array$q do      let arr = Array$q.allocself.size.init      self.each do |member|        arr.pushmember.sendm      end      return arr;    endend// Now, to use it:let arr = ArrayString.alloc.init;arr.push"bob@example.com"arr.push"jim@example.com"arr.push"larry@example.com"// Now, if I want to replace all instances of `example.com' with `4chan.org',// I have two optionsarr.map|String s|-String do  s.replace"example.com", "4chan.org"end;// Or, I can do this:arr.map{:replace "example.com" "4chan.org"}// The message list is statically typed, so I can't do something like:10.send{:replace "bob" "joe"}// Since typing `{:replace "bob" "joe"}' statically checks to make sure// the receiving type has a method called :replace that takes two string// arguments
absolutely disgustingremove the semicolon from the return statement at least
anyone? I have built it and can run it from ipy but my C# executable fails.
ugly as fuck.
ArrayString.alloc.init;Absolutely disgusting.
 Too many comments wtf  // Using // single comments for multiple lines self? contained? $msg php copy cat2 / 10 would not program in
Fucking hell, that semi-colon is actually unneeded.Force of habit, I guess.I'm doing that so you don't have to use  for template arguments. That way, if you have a constructor, it's just:let x = PointInt, Int.alloc.init1, 4;Or something similar. I suppose I could clean it up to:ArrayString.newOr something similar.
Is this the fastest way to check if a bit is flipped?bool bit_state = var&bit != 0Is there a faster way of doing this?
The $ and % are special. Those are type variables.It has the sigils so you can both assign to a type variable, and check if a parameter is a type variable. This is most obvious in the first map implementation:|$contained|-%ret Closure in    // The function takes a closure. This closure takes one argument, which is the type contained in this array. It returns an arbitrary type. This arbitrary type is assigned to the variable $ret. That way, we can say our map function returns an Array of whatever the closure returns.     func mapClosure c-Array$ret do      // ...     end
You are creating a monster worse than Java!
I want a Spotify CLI
Should I learn scheme or common lisp?I might just not learn lisp altogether though
.alloc.init1, 4;This is what i was concerned about, not the template argument things.Or something similar. I suppose I could clean it up to:That looks much better. Still .new is kinda stupid.
I can't think of a cleaner way to do it.The issue with using a Java-like new keyword is that you create this monster:var x = new ArrayString10;That looks ugly as fuck and I bet it would make it a bitch to parse.
bool bit_state = var&bitThis should work as well.Assuming bool works as 0 means false, non zero means true.
Why do you think type parameters and regular parameters should have the same enclosing brackets?
I always thought this just truncated everything except for the last bit. So a number like 00100000 would evaluate to false while 00000001 would evaluate to true.
Looks heavily influenced by Swift.let myIntMem = UnsafeMutablePointerInt.alloc1myIntMem.initialize2myIntMem.memoryclass MyClass {    func doSomethingn:Int - Int {        return n + 2    }}let m = MyClassm.doSomething3
I mostly want to just save  for some other syntax.Technically, the language works by saying anything capitalized either is a type or operates on types. So ArrayString is technically a function that executes at compile-time, returning a new Class that you can operate on.In that particular instance, it would return a Array__String, which is a subclass of Array.
Do you not understand how and operator works?
It is.
he's talking about casting an integer to boolanything non-zero evaluates to true
I think you're complicating Swift. Why not just write a Swift compiler. It'll be lacking in all the Cocoa shit, but whatever.
 // Using // single comments for multiple linesI do this.I don't care, be grateful I am splitting the comment into multiple lines.
You basically got nothing rightStart over
Have you got an icon yet?

Could we train a neural network to produce music?
Making a crawler in nodejs, it visits each page in a thread and saves all posts 20 per page in a arraystructure goes like this{    threadid: -1,    pages[{        pagenumber: 1,        posts: [20 posts here]    }, {        pagenumber: 2,        posts: [20 posts here]    }]}before I just cached everything in the RAM because I was a moron and it easily reached 1GB of RAM in threads with 1000 pages, now I save the basic thread structure once and each time I visit a page I open the json file parse it, it goes to memory, I save the page, write to file and null the parsed thread to free memory but it STILL will crash the app if the thread has 2000 pages, how the fuck do I do this properly
Yes. It's been done.
I got it! I am running a python script from c#! It would be so much better if I could just use one language! But nonetheless, it works!
Great idea! I'll make the logo.
Please stop with this meme.
Great idea! I'll make the logo
prolog || ruby
It depends. What kind of project? Language?I'd like to get started into webdev with Yesod this summer. Who knows his shit in webdevland?
I know Webdev pretty good. I know HTML CSS, PHP, SQL, and Java too.
Attempting to learn the Idris language. Dependent types are kind of neat.
Let's make a private server emulator of some shitty game, it's pretty good to git gud at reverse engineering
What about common patterns in frameworks like boostrap, etc? That's the kind of thing I'm absolutely unfamiliar with. The only kind of website I can do is some simple HTML 4.0 and dumb forms in tables and really simple MySQL queries
c++macros
please stop with the "let's make something together" meme
This is way too hardYes, I know bootstrap only of all the frameworks.
Is is okay to use assert statements within a function or should you just let people use the function incorrectly if they choose?
This is way too hardNah, just get a shitty flash game that doesn't encode their packets like http://aq.com
Asserts are always gonna be turned off in non-debug builds anyway.
I'd be interested in this but I don't even know where to begin. I'm a third year cs major, any tips for books I can read to get up to this level?
I was speaking more in a general sense for release code, not specifically for C/C++.
how long does it take to learn scheme?
Hi!For my CS class I need to write a program which contains interfaces, inheritance, overriding and abstract classes. What should I make?
What is decltype and when should I use it ?
A kernel.
Make the game client connect to your local IP/PORT by editing the game filesMake a packet listener and connect to the official servers and see the packetsTry to figure out the logic and mimic the packetsoptional: decompile the game source code and see the functions to understand the logic betterprofit
Noob here,Is this okay code? How can I make it better? std::vectorstd::string tokenizeStringstd::string text {    std::vectorstd::string tmp;        //create breaks to split words    std::vectorint breaks;    breaks.push_back-1;    for int i = 0; i  text.length; i++ {        if text.ati == ' ' {             breaks.push_backi;        }    }    //push tokens into the vector that is returned    for int i = 0; i  breaks.size; i++ {        std::string token;        int begin, end;        if i == breaks.size - 1 {            begin = breaks[i] + 1;            end = text.length;        }        else {            begin = breaks[i] + 1;            end = breaks[i + 1] - breaks[i];        }        token = text.substrbegin, end;        std::cout  token  std::endl;        tmp.push_backtoken;    }    return tmp;}
board gamesoftware blitterponginterpolation/math library
interfaces, inheritance, overriding and abstract classesa programming language that doesn't have all these useless features.
 here, forgot to mentionany tips for books I can read to get up to this level?I have no idea, never read any books whatsoever but my guess would be books on the sockets part of whatever language you will use and maybe the language the game uses aswell
uuuuhhhh wooooahhhh, sooo much dataaaaaaaaa, it must be BIG DATAAAA!!!!!!
I guess I'm just very illiterate when it comes to networking stuff. I'm typically very good at my classes "make a project that does x", but I guess I still have a lot to learn about networking, since most of my classes didn't really cover that.
There are many good libraries which abstract networking. As long as your aren't dealing with low level protocols with C, it shouldn't be to difficult.
It's fairly easy to learn. Should probably take a week or two. Like anything else, it'll take awhile to master.
I don't know how knowledgeable you are about computing overall but to be honest I'm interested in learning how computers work from electricity to what I see on the screen. Is there any literature or anything I can read that will go through this with me? I have basic knowledge of circuits and logic gates and such but I have no idea what a cpu is/does or how ram works or anything like that.
How about RNGstone? Unity games are pretty easy to mess around with right? I have no idea if unity games are easy to mess with or not, I've just heard it before. I've tried decompiling something before and it was just a bunch of unreadable junk.
Trust me, the editor sucks balls so hard. You don't really want to touch that.
Well you could try but it's going to be way harder, it's a blizzard game big company, highly obfuscated code probably and the card interactions sound like hell to code
Making a graphical board game in any language with all functioning pieces is way too hard. Nigger Please you make it sound like it's easy.
Code by Petzold.
Why is it used then? My knowledge of it is very low.
git gud
How does one get that good? I have taken 2 classes on programming and read a really good java book and done a shit ton of exercises and I still can't do that it's too hard.
Is your project supposed to be easy? Honestly you should just pick something and put a lot of time into it rather than try to pick something easy.
The problem with programming if you get to a point where you are good with simple and intermediate programming and then when you have to do a hard programming project there is such a huge learning gap to overcome it is nearly impossible.
http://www.nand2tetris.org/ This is the course I took. It's abstract and not relevant to x86, but I think it does a good job at teaching the basics. You start from basic logic gates like nand up to building your own "operating system" not a complete one I think that can run a program like tetris.
It's really well sold to managers and some developers don't mind eating shit if it's a hip and shiny new toy.
I agree. Don't fret over it too much. The only way you'll become better is to actually challenge yourself though!
Find people who are better programmers and ask lots of questions. Also write some code each day and take lots of breaks for study.
This is where I'm stuck though The best I can do so far is make a graphical interfaces with adding functions to save or load something or do some sort of calculation or some sort of manipulation nothing hard yet. I don't know any other better programmers at my university and I am too lazy to code everyday.
Dont keep so much in memory?
well but I have to load the file in order to add shit to it, problem is that the file is already 40MB with just 2k pages
Don't read the whole file or use a proper database.
Looks interesting; will read.
Maybe reevaluate your priorities? Not to be an ass, but you need to figure out why you're not motivated enough to put in the work, and fix that before you continue.
om/g/ I need you right now.So the situation is that I'm trying to get a position vector by taking the old position and the new position of the player and then subtracting them from each other. I'm using OpenGL and LWJGL in Java ofc.In theory it should work if I normalize the direction and then scale it by the movement speed. However fucking java is being a shit and making the player direction vector [0.0 , 0.0, 0.0] even when my method .getPosition returns values that are supposed to give me something like. [0.0003, 0.0002, 0.00045]Is this a problem with the Vector3f class?  Where it can't do decimals well enough? its fucking pissing me off. Is there a way to change the values inside the Vector to double maybe?If you want code Ill show it.
Yes code please
Been working on this for a while, just reset it, can you /g/uys find any holes, security ones? pudim.org
Show any relevant code you've written so far.
http://pastebin.com/bXV4ssWy - Player ClassThis is where the problem is. Specifically when I call getPosition from the entity class. I increase the positions after a movement however when I set getPosition to a Vector3f variable it rounds it to 1 decimal place. When I print the method it gives me ~ 5 decimal places.http://pastebin.com/H072E2YT - Entity Classhttp://pastebin.com/B5mACTL7 - Broadphase Collision Calculationshttp://pastebin.com/LA1K68TK - Collision ClassIf you want to try to run the code you can but you would need eclipse and then get the zip file from dropbox. Pic related is what the engine looks like right now.
So I'm pretty good at programming, but I want to know how I should go about programming large projects; in particular, how do I program a game? I currently have a resource manager template with explicit specializations for SFML's textures, fonts, etc., a cool splash that is effectively a slideshow simulator, and a class that manages the game loop / state. But I am unsure of how to progress from here.Good and rigorous textbooks are appreciated! None of that codeacademy crap.
quoted the wrong person there m8
Try to implement pic related of a  graphical board game of your choice.
I implemented two-player Go in the console and an SFML window but it was a lot simpler than that.
Step your game up nigga. Chop chop
Hey /g/, I came to you all yesterday about advice for my job's UI and someone suggested flat.I liked the idea and here's the direction it's going so far. How does it look so far /g/?I don't have any content yet, just the basic frame
Looks too flat, go Material.
I think it's pretty cool. I'm especially happy with my implementation of the logic. Nice and quick!
Do you have any references for material design?I'm not a designer so I'm trying to figure out how I would change this to material.
Which Java programming books or great programming books do you recommend in general to become a really good programmer as yourself?
http://www.google.com/design/spec/material-design/introduction.html
Shadows are a pain in the ass to do in Qt. I can't have multiple shadows per object so I can either have an ambient or key light but not both
JavaThis is C++. I hope you aren't being sarcastic. I like Savitch's Absolute C++, but it's lacking on the most recent features of C++ such as move semantics. For that, Stroustrup's The C++ Programming Language is a nice reference. There are tons of other things like the CRTP that you'll find just floating around. Do every project in Savitch's text, and try to start following the Doxygen commenting style useful for documentation when you start dealing with objects.
If I were to wipe my drive, via CCleaner, will it automatically reinstall windows without the CD? Trying to clean my laptop and this is the only way I can think of without the CD/torrenting. I tried on the microsoft site but it says it came pre-installed, doesn't support my laptop, and to call my manufacturer not going to, of course.
If I were to wipe my drive, via CCleaner, will it automatically reinstall windows without the CD?automatically reinstall windowsNo.
no, ccleaner only "wipes" free space to make what's already gone unrecoverable.  have you thought of using this as an excuse to try linux?
Ccleaner, a windows program.You want to somehow delete windows while using windows.Also, just download your version from the microsoft website.
OP says it's an OEM.Not gonna work unless he downloads an iso from some shady site and puts DAZ loader on it.  And last I saw, DAZ didn't support booting in UEFI. That reason made me switch to linux.
I'm feeling generous so herehttp://mirror.corenoc.de/digitalrivercontent.net/activate with mstoolkitit'll also activate office if you wish
CCleaner has an option for free space and an entire drive wipe.If it's the case of no then I'll just torrent it the .iso. Just trying to think of an alternative. Also, just download your version from the microsoft website.I tried on the microsoft site but it says it came pre-installed, doesn't support my laptop, and to call my manufacturer
you're retardedyou have to get the specific version, assuming it's Windows 7, then you have to get a Home Premium iso, or a Professional iso, or an Enterprise iso, according to whatever the sticker that has the key on it says it is for
OP said it came pre-installed on his laptop,  Do you not understand what an OEM license is?The license to use Windows goes away once you remove it.  The only way is to buy a CD or to put linux on it.That said, I haven't used Windows for months now.
If it is Windows 8, the key is embedded and OP will have no problems.
Why does everyone only try DAZ but then complain about it. I have some activator on a memory stick somewhere that works perfect and gives me a fully operating computer
Help /g/uys, I'm trying to replace linux mint with windows but it keeps saying I need more space in the partition when I have 112gb's of unallocated space. Also tried booting the windows straight from my flash drive but it says boot error. Please help.
Here's the partition
Install gentoo
First of all that's what you get for installing Windows.Second, you probably need to make a partition out of that 112gb or otherwise it's useless. I guess.
try windoews 7
I did and I tried windows vista, both do the same.
Are you trying to run the Windows installer through WINE? No way in hell that's gonna work
I'm installing windows cus my retarded friend doesn't know how to use linux.I tried making a partition for it, it did the same thing, said I need more space.
Oh lol, what do I do then?
Are you running the windows installer in WINE? THat's not going to work, you need to reboot the computer and run windows directly from a USBUse a windows computer and use the Windows 7 USB installation toolOr install WinUSB if you're still on Linuxsudo add-apt-repository ppa:colingille/freshlightsudo apt-get updatesudo apt-get install winusb
I tried booting straight from the bootable usb and it says "boot error"
Where did you get your Windows 7 Iso from, and what tool are you using to create it?
windows installer in wineI guess I'm high as a kite right now.
lmao torrented, unetbootin to make the flash drive bootable.
unetbootin seems to be a dick about windows sometimesLook up the Digital River iso for Windows 7, it's an official ISO.Your laptop should have come with a Windows 7 product key, and if not you could easily crack itUse the official windows USB installer or WinUSB on linux
Windows 7 USB installation toolI'm using that right now
Keeps sending this message
That's not going to work under WINE either, it only works under Windows. If you ARE running Windows, make sure the thumb drive is formatted properly.
i hope you're not running it in WINEalsohttp://www.techspot.com/community/topics/fix-windows-usb-dvd-download-tool-when-unable-to-copy-files.193386/
Yeah, I'm using windows right now.  It's formated in FAT32.
maybe try http://rufus.akeo.ie/instead of the official winusb tool
Format the usb, then unetbootin,  had the same error, thought i didn't have to delete my files from usb before unetbootin,  apparently it's better to format the shit out of usb.
Help guys, after I installed windows, it gets stuck on the "starting windows" screen.
be at top of threadreadingscrollingAre you trying to run the Windows installer through WINE? No way in hell that's gonna workOh lol, what do I do then?My sides are orgasm.
Did it hurt when they removed your brain?
Windows installer through WINEWindows USB download tool through WINEUnetbootinOh god Jesus fuck this thread can't be real
Ahahaha Yes! Keep giving him tools written for Windows to use on Mint.OP, step away from the computer and call cucksquad.
Just google how to write a windows boot usb in linux you tool
top kek
Are you trying to run the Windows installer through WINE?
the best thread of all time!
Holy fucking Christ.  Forget being OS illiterate.  You should start with a dollar store calculator.  I'm thinking your "retarded" friend doesn't exist.
Just download Rufus portable.
hello /g/, which smartphone would you recommend that is the best bang for the buck? I dont want anything overkill, i was thinking galaxy note 3, htc one m8, lg g3.
How are those not overkill they are hundreds of dollars
Best bang for the buck is LG L40, beautiful little kitkat gem of a phone at a cost of approx 0.1 flagship phone.
How's the new ASUS phone?
LG G2
It's actually really nice, I'm impressed with it so far.  Definitely the best bang for your buck.
Really thinking about pulling the trigger. Dunno if I should just save the $20 and get the Moto G though.
Z3C, god-teir battery life If you're not on Lollipop.
Bump
Yeah, the Xperia Z3C would be really nice, but the Z3 is cheaper at most places and he doesn't seem bothered by larger sizes.
LG G3 with zero lemon 9k battery and 128gb sd card. Win. I charge my phone once every 3 days.
Zenfone 2 4gb ram is the best bang for your buck.
Not really, the 2gb version seems like a better deal for the average user
OK you're probably right.4GB is more for power users.
LG G2/thread
Oneplus one. Their profit margin is like 5 percent if even that. /thread
Hi, guys. I have an Alienware M18x laptop that is about 3 years old and I'm looking to upgrade it. Recently my hard drives have been failing if I leave my computer in sleep mode for over an hour. Current specs:i7 generation 24 core2x 500gb 7200rpm HDDs 2x 4gb DDR3 RAMNvidia GTX 460MWhat I want to buy:1x 500GB SSD - $2001x 2TB 5400rpm HDD - $1002x 8gb DDR3 RAM - $50What else could/should I get to upgrade it? Not entirely sure how to change out my video card but I do know it has a second bay and it is modular. Also, as a side note, if I could get this to a place where it can competently edit 4k video I would be thrilled.
4k video editingget a fucking mac u twat
Yeah I heard the MacBook retina 12" 2015 is great for editing 4k stuff
hey OP you should give it to me and buy a new one
it has a second bay and it is modular.Really? That's actually pretty cool.
Throw it out the window and buy a desktop. Twice the performance, half the price.
I'll sell it to you for $700
KEK
You won't be able to edit 4k footage without a 4k display, I'm assuming that one doesn't have one.
being this dumb
upgradegaming laptopYou're supposed to sell it to some sucker and get the latest version with the newest GPU faggot.
While you can put 4k video into editing software on less than 4k screen and cut it, I wouldn't exactly call that editing.

tfw literally no one is helpful in even the slightest amount. Then you don't realize that all video editing software downsamples the footage to produce the preview image.
THERES NO SUCH THING AS GAMING LAPTOPS STUPIDS OP DID IT AGAIN.
Stay in your basement but let people get out of their homes
$300 upgradefor a machine with a 460MA y410p with an i7-4700MQ and GTX 755M is only $650.Sell it to some chump and get that.
If i'm going to get a new computer I'm going to actually spend the necessary amount to get a proper editing rig. something like this:CPUs: Dual Xeon 2GHz six-core - $819CPU Cooler: CoolerMaster Hyper T4 2 - $60Motherboard: Supermicro MBD-X9DA7-O - $520GPU: GIGABYTE GeForce GTX 760 4GB 2 - $600RAM: Kingston 16GB DDR3 1600 ECC 2 - $360Storage:Boot Drive - Kingston 240GB HyperX 3K SSD - $175Project Drive - Kingston SSDNow V300 120GB SSD - $89Media Drive - Seagate NAS HDD 2TB 6 - $720Blu-ray Disc Drive: ASUS BW-12B1ST - $90Case: Habey RPC-800 - $90OS: Windows 7 Pro 64-bit - $140Power Supply: Thermaltake Toughpower 1200W - $250Cables and misc: $50Total: $3,963But I'm not looking to spend $4k right now.
GutsGet in here
nice gutzwut case u gawt bitch
10/10
meme case
air 540 going to get a new one this month after computex if there is anything interesting and then full watercool
Which case is that?Nice cable management as well as the cable sleeves.
that sli bridge come on man you can do better
300r, thanksi have tried to get a nice black one,  ordered two and they were different than advertised.  i may sleeve the orange one or try again.
Posting memebuild.Rate my memes pls
http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/85823/en-usNvidia GeForce 353.06  WHQL driver
Thanks OP :3
  Someone test if it actually fixed the kepler issue.
http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/85819/en-usNotebook drivers
Supports the new GeForce GTX 980 Ti GPU, based upon the second-generation Maxwell architecture
Time to cripple old cards and marginally improve new ones
Yes keep posting these to give the impression of Nvidia drivers.no more stupid picturesholy shit
Did they fix G-Sync in this one? They broke it after 347.88 and haven't fixed it since.
is this compatible with windows 10?
Post extensions, recommend alternatives, shill ublock etc.
Modify Headers is shit.
HTTPS-EverywhereLinks Like ThisSelf-Destructing CookiesStatus-4-EvarStylishuBlock OriginuMatrix
I remember in one of these threads recently someone saying you should disable overlapping filters between ublock and umatrix, things like Dan Pollock’s hosts file, Malware domains list etc. which should I disable them in, Umatrix or ublock? if I remove them from umatrix they're no longer blacklisted so obviously that's a bad idea but I just don't like the idea of disabling them in ublock either as that feel like the last wall of defence.
inb4 uHide meme
Better PrivacyGNOME Theme Tweak if you're on GNOMEGreasemonkeyWatch with MPVuBlock OriginVimperatorHTTPS Everywhere
BitTorrent WebUI+ for sending links to muh ruTorrentcligetGreasemonkey for muh 4chanx, oneechan, What.cd/PTP/BTN scriptsHTTPS-EverywhereHTTPS FinderImagus because mouseover popup image viewer stopped working in NightlyKeeFox for KeepassNoSquintRandom Agent SpooferRefControlSave Link in FolderSelf-Destructing CookiesStylish for Twily CSSTile TabsuBlock0uMatrixVimperator because I literally forgot how to browse without it.
that one extension that uninstalls it
Bloody VikingsCookies Manager+FlashblockGoogle search link fixHTTPS EverywhereMultiple Tab HandlerSelf Destructing CookiesSession ManagerTree Style TabuBlock OriginuMatrixUnloadTabUser Agent SwitcherVimperator
We need more Random Agent Spoofer shills on here. So many people with a bunch of privacy extensions who are being tracked anyway thanks to various forms of browser fingerprinting such as via headers and canvas support that none of them cover.https://github.com/dillbyrne/random-agent-spoofer/
BetterPrivacyClassic Theme RestorerContext BookmarksCookie MonsterDOM InspectorDownload Manager S3Fire GesturesGreasemonkeyHttps FinderHttps EverywhereRefControlRikaichan Japanese English DictionaryRikaisamaSave Image in FolderSelf-destructing CookiesStylishUAControlublock OriginuMatrix
Disable them in uBlock.
I used to use it, but you can accomplish everything it does yourself by modifying about:config. Or just use this:https://github.com/CrisBRM/user.js
uMatrix can do that, though I'm not a huge fan of it as I like to choose my user agent on some sites 4chan in particular so I can get easier captcha.
Are there any decent VPN tools similar to Hola Better Internet?
Yeah, but it's nice to have easy toggles for things like canvas and WebGL support, which I generally want to keep off but might occasionally need. Plus it's the best user agent switcher extension anyway, with a huge list of profiles.RAS does a lot more than just altering your user agent.
Roll your own faggot
having redundant extensions
NoScriptuBlockFirebugOverbiteFF
If you don't have a user agent switcher, all of your privacy extensions are redundant and you should uninstall them all. Either do it right, or don't bother at all. Anything else is a placebo.
There's nothing that crap does that can't be achieved by messing about with the about config settings.
Is 4chan part of the deep web?  I got into an argument with this kid from computer class the other day and he said it wasn't.So who's right?
Google "4chan".Your question is answered.
Yes we're a secret club don't tell your friend about us.Now if you excuse me I'm off to order some dank drugs from 4chan/drugs/
talking with another people about 4chandoes people really do this? do you talk about cp too?
Isn't the deep web just underground websites like 4chan and reddit though?
people still think 4chan is sekretclubtier
/z/ is deepweb only
top 100 most popular websitesdeep webYou retarded mate?
No
oh shit it's a troll!!!!!!you've all been OWNED!

"deep web" means sites you can't find on a search engine
ayy lmao
talking about 4Chin in publicthinks it's deep webzI didn't know kindergarten had computer classes, anon.
How in hell did you get here? Your IP needs to be verified on our servers for your search engine to index this place, If we did that for you then that means you should know the answer to your question. So you're either shitposting or we need more border control.
Holy fucking shit, nice bait.
no
Hey OP i found youhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3m8vlQSrVNk
this thread
Well 4chan is not the mainstream but not deepweb either..
No, 4chan is social media.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Web_%28search_indexing%29The Deep Web, also called the Deep Net, Invisible Web, or Hidden Web, is the portion of content on the World Wide Web that is not indexed by standard search engines.every post on 4chan is indexed on google almost immediatelysee 
no, you're an idiot.
I'm not retarded I'm trollingWhen has this ever worked as an argument?
i couldnt watch beyond 0:39 it hurts too much...
Well 4chan is not the mainstreamFaggot it's literally in top 100 most popular websites for a decade, how the fuck is it not mainstream?It's more mainstream than your mom.
ILL FUCK YOU UP I WILL TRACE YOUR GODDAMN IP AND KILL YOUR WHOLE FAMILY FIRST YOUR WHORE MOTHER WHICH I WILL FUCK IN FRONT OF CUCK DADDY AND THEN I WILL CUT HIS HEAD AND YOU WILL BE THE LONGEST I WILL FUCKING CUT YOU PIECE BY PIECE AND MAKE ME A NICE MEAL
Well 4chan is not the mainstreamHave you visited /b somewhere in the last 10 years?
Yes and i turned 18 and never came back
Isn't the deep web just underground websites like 4chan and reddit though?someone should make a 4chan.txt
go back to /wooo/ i can fucking see the let on logo
slash bI am a b-etard :DDD
your posts are literally indexed seconds after you make them
Is it not irony? Everyone here calls b8 on a moment's notice, is sarcasm not a thing anymore?
Oh my, this thread.-posted from the deep web
4chan part of the deep webNo.  The fact that you didn't know that means you are in the wrong place.

Who is this load toad?
equating 4chan with CPdid you just get here from the exploding van video?
Why are you even arguing about something like that? Why don't you pay attention in class and better yet get your underage b& ass off 4chan and do your homework, champ.
tfw linux will never look this good
nobody replyinb4 300 posts omitted, 15 posters
that's just kde5 right?
lol i posted it again!!!! XDDDdI hope sage still works.
tfw Windows will never look this good
those folder iconsit hurts to live

Windows 98 actualy does
shitty inconsistent icons made to vaguely resemble Win9x98SE already looks much better than that.
I don't care what my icons look like as long as they work
Plasma 5 is way better that that piece of shit.
than*
KDE would go great with kerbal space programeverything must start with k
Post wallpaper
Wow what's that smell? I know: autism.
You have to be literally retarded to think this looks good.
lmao come back when you're OS isn't copying based Apple
You have to be literally retarded to want to call someone retarded.
Those icons are not original, it's just a mockup
how is it basing things off of apple? The workflow is much similar to windows you retard.
gnome/unity is a hell of a lot closer to osx compared to KDEthe only thing they 'copied' is transparency
80% opacity windowsup and down arrows PLUS a close buttonround edges just becausehamburger menuupper bar on top of task bar that makes no senseicon tray icons aren't alignedthose colorsLienuxfags can't into design
tfw windows will never be this consistent and minimal.
lmao come back when you're OS isn't copying based Gnome.
The icons look like they're from a 2006 flash animation.
I hate that disgusting ribbon thing, what the fuck were they thinking?
you can hide it
emilyTits or GTFO, Emily.
https://kver.wordpress.com/2015/01/22/plasma-5-2-the-quintissential-breakdown/Read the replies, everybody hates KDE Plasma 5
I'll bite, what distro?
I know, but still.
how do i make loonix look like this.
Arch linux with gnome 3.16 using the Arc theme.
Strange thing is, sometimes autism is right.  Don't get butthurt because your OS looks like the OS you hate did 17 years ago.
By being a rice master
look at that filename, mate, that's not how OS X names screenshots. Pic related, it's how OS X names screen shots
tfw windows will never look like a hotdog stand again
that's not even rice. that's just making a minimal desktop
You mean by being autisticmuh rice

6/10 OK post I guess
Did you say something, honey?
80% opacity windowsahm, that are desktop widgets, you're not obligated to use themup and down arrows PLUS a close buttonround edges just becauselooks good to mehamburger menudon't matter what icon they chose, you'd have  bitched about it anywayupper bar on top of task bar that makes no sense?icon tray icons aren't alignedlooks aligned to methose colorsmuh tastes  your tastesthat's a very nice color scheme, believe me, try it some daysLienuxfags CAN into designFTFY
see  replies
I dont think I've ever used an OS or distro with as nice of a look and feel as fedora.
those iconsThis.
Actually it can be any distro, unlike windows, if the  desktop environment is flexible enough you can make it look and behave whatever you like without much effort and without touching existing system files. just remember to choose a recent version of the distro, if possible with a long support time
it'a officialy overwindows wonit's over
Not with those icons.
i don't see anything rare with the comments, they're mostly talking about a problem with samba shares on dolphin, also they're talking about plasma 5.2, so the article is a bit old. I could just post the url to an article where plasma is praised and theoretically, by your logic it'd be as valid as yours
Why do you faggots refuse to run anything in full screen?
i hope it never does
It's just to show off the desktop.Well, I hope it is. My father never maximizes his windows and it really tingles my autism.
I really don't like the icons. EVERYTHING else I see on Win10 looks nice. But ffs. Them icons. I'd get icon packs right away
pretty sure flat pastel rectangles has been a staple of desktop generals for like half a decadehell windows 10 is basically 7 with a bunch of shit taken straight out of *nix
This.
I seriously hope.The one thing I have never seen is a Linux user on /g/ with a full screen application. I rarely even see my wallpaper.  I always have a web browser full screen on one monitor and either my music player/video player/game on another.  Anything I launch is out of my task bar or [spoilersworkong]Metro start menu[spoilers/g/spoilertags].
thisredhat family distros have the best installer I've ever seen in any OS too
Just face it. Your currynigger OS can't even compete with Linux, let alone the professionally engineering OSX.
OS X has the worst desktop of any modern OS by a fucking landslide.A toddler could grasp the concepts of screen real estate and cursor localization better than the overpaid hipsters at Apple.
Let me guess, you're using windows. The OS developed by toddlers made for toddlers. I guess that explains the colourful giant blocks.
I swear to god microsoft can never do icons, the taskbar and all the other elements look good, but the icons are a joke. They all look like a deviant art mockup, I wish they weren't angled, the boxy look doesn't look good with the rest of the flat metro UI.
Yes.
https://kver.wordpress.com/Some stupid faggot's blog? Who gives a shit what the people here say.
muh nigga
OS X has a lot of potential.  People just don't rice it properly.
Still looks shit
megadriveMy negro.
you just changed the wallpaper, color scheme and moved the dockthat's the same amount of rice you can do with the windows appearance settings
It doesn't make sense to post full screen desktops in desktop threads. Using screen space efficiently is one thing that WMs are great for.
IMO, Vista has God-tier icons and it is the best looking Windows System to this day.I'm serious.
The one thing I have never seen is a Linux user on /g/ with a full screen application. That's because we have the common courtesy to arrange stuff to show off the desktop before taking screenshots.  On my laptop with a tiling WM, the "real" desktop is basically a browser or 1-3 terminals maxing the screen.  It's boring as hell to look at if you're not using it.
No, I also installed cmus from homebrew and downloaded the album over NFSv4 from my Debian file server, as well as setting up iTerm2, Firefox Developer Edition, and importing my zsh and vim configs from other machines.
It DOES look good. Just because it's not i3 with anime doesn't make it ugly. Now is it efficient for your needs? Probably not.
Doing some TI2316 homework, pal?
it doesn't feel really polished though, I've tried using it and the stuff with widgets is completely unintuitivewhy can't we have a linux DE that out of the box is as nice as windows, especially windows classic
KDEnot XFCE
is CS a meme degreeshould i go into mechanical engineering and just keep programming as a hobby/side-skill
All degrees are memes, the reckoning is almost upon us
ayy
K K K KK
Anyone written or designed a compiler?  Tell us your story.  Details.
yes, and I made it open source:it's written in C++ the same as C# if ayylmao;
Trying to understand and implement a parse tree is too difficult, just use a preexisting language.
why would you ever do that? what benefit does this have except lel i can implement stuff?
He fell for the compiler meme
Wrote an assembler for one of my 2000 level classes. That was honestly a blast and give me a big love of compilers. If you want a similar experience you can look up the Carniege Mellon assembler project and do it yourself. Bonus points if you had the same constraints as me and couldn't use pre-existing parse tools.
writing a parser is difficultayy
Life in prison for coding and running a fucking forum?!?! What the fuck happened to US? It's now an insane asylum.
He did a bunch of other stupid shit. He hired a hitman in his own name and email for one. Dont praise him he was an idiot who thought he could get away with anything.
Life in prison is still harsh imo
It's now an insane asylum.implying this wasn't always the case
He was an egomaniac, and somewhat caused his own demise. As the anon above me said, he hired hitmen in his own name, made transactions from public wifi, advertised his site on forums using his own name, and continued to chat with and add one as an admin to his site obvious FBI agents. But, yes I agree the sentencing was way too harsh.
He hired a hitmandude, those "hitmen" were fake and victims didn't exist either. it was a complete imaginary setup. Nothing was real about it. They just wanted his bitcoins so they made up this "these guys know who you are, pay us and we'll take care of it".

Who is this? Silk road?
One person doing highly illegal activity for years and then being caught for it is surprisingOne man's actions are representative of 300 million peopleStay mad yuropoor
Yeah 30-life?I dunno I think the whole drugs deal wasting money in keeping this guy alive now isnt the answer.If you simply just tax every drug and regulate it and have consequences for irresponsible with it like alcohol then that would probably be better. Along those lines people who do murder should just be sent to the gladiator arena, make more money there on Netflix. It is insanity to try the same thing over and over as we have with "war on drugs" and other shit that isnt stopping it. I honestly don't think the people in charge even want it stopped since it's handled the same way over and over like this.
OKwho cares if they were real or not. He still used his REAL information thinking that they were legitimate. It was to kill his co partner or something. The intent was there, and he wasnt smart enough to tell if it was fake. Doesnt change the fact that he's an idiot
EuropeKill 400 people with a macheteNever get charged, walk free, unwatchedUSOperate a market websiteLife imprisonment
'sickening practice'wow the blurb was doing such a good job being unbiased then they fucked it up
life in prison for running a massive drug market.pretending it was just a forum is either incredibly naive of you or intentionally stupid.
nowIt's been but a mere 60 years since we got over our lobotomy fad, and we've still yet to shake the compulsion to remove pieces of infant male's genitals.  Our politics are rigged and we're composed of failed philosophy gone way out of hand.Of course we're all mad.
Calling female genital mutilation a sickening practice is hardly a bias.
That's because he confessed to killing 400 niggers in a place where everyone is killing each other, shit would not have gone down the same if he had killed 400 brits.
He became paranoid and lost the plot, tried to hire hitmen to take out people he was paranoid about.That being said that wasn't even used in the trial because of the bullshit corrupt DEA like always trying to blackmail him for his bitcoins. Only the FBI investigation counted.What they did pin on him were overdoses "linked" to the Silk Road, which is fucking bullshit. He wasn't a dealer. I run music festivals who have tonnes of dealers at them obviously, if someone OD's did I commit murder? Fuck no. Also not his fault if some junkie OD's anyway, that Junkie was going to fucking OD anyway from any source they could try get because THEY WERE A JUNKIE. At least on Silk Road you could actually review and rate dealers on their product actually making it a more safe alternative.He was made an example of and that is what is so disgusting about this. If he got 5-10 years okay fine, but life in solitary with no chance of parole? What the fuck?
It is sickening you fucking autist.Just like circumcision.be niggerkill 400 people and cut vaginas offget free housing and food in the UKUK confirmed for ultimate cuckery.
Yes, the man who ran it. Here's a very well done presentation on everything pre-trial: https://youtu.be/Bnb5iX9auncFor the trial, read Ars Technica's articles.
it is a bias, you are supposed to remain neutral as a journalist / article writer with any professionalism. Even if the act IS horrible. That is why so many people "allegedly" did shit in articles even though it is fucking obvious they really did it.
20 years.I can follow the courts reasoning that he should be treated as a drug kingpin. Escobar didn't move drugs himself either, he planned and provided the logistics and means to do so.However the court ruled that "the responsibility for the deaths, addiction, misery and damage to society caused by the drug trade he enabled falls on him." Which is complete bullshit of course. What happened to the individual responsibility of drug users?Having bought myself from Silk Road and Agora, I can only say I love these services and hope they continue to exist. DPRs dream lives on. Pic related.
UK confirmed for ultimate cuckery.its already been confirmed. for a long time
/thread.
You would have thought as one of the most wanted cybercriminals you would go full tinfoil hat mode with your OPSEC./g/ how would you secure your operations if you were DPR?Run everything from an HW encrypted USB drive Tails install.Minimal connectivity, no smartphones, smarttv's, IP cameras nothing.Wired home network, no wifi.
Doesn't matter. His intent was still to hire somebody to murder somebody else. There's no underage girl to gently caress when you find yourself on To Catch a Predator either, but you're still going to have to take a seat over there.
The question is why do you want a machete maniac in your country. Deport him back home and be done with it. Who cares if they kill him.
just because someone is stupid doesnt mean he should be caged for that amount of time. his "egomania" is something which can be treated. he needs help.the justice system is such a careless sack of sadistic shit. no fucks given by our government in the welfare if its own people. not only its a waste of peoples lives, its a huge fucking waste of money.these punishments are extreme, out of touch with reality and sadistic.. and prison is not a one size fits all punishment. that shit is for arabs and spics, not white americans
just a forum!!!1he din do nuffin ;https://encrypted.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=silk%20road%20website&tbs=imgo:1Are you retarded? It looks like fucking ebay.
so why does neo-/g/ respond to such shitty bait
lmao britcucks
IIRC he tried to hire hitmen because he thought one of the Silkroad sellers had his personal info, would like, and stole money. It possibly was all a scam the one bikergang dude who volunteered that information. Ars has a very could article on that with the transcripts. Probably he was conned into believing someone was going to fuck him hard and the same conman who announced that would also arrange the hitman and take the money. A bit suspicious no?I completely agree with you on the drug user's personal responsibility part. And his punishment is extremely harsh.
the lunatics have taken over and are in control. just hoping we can hang on until 2016 election.
that's a sting operation, you dolt
2016 electionIt will probably get only worse, not better.
You act like our prison system isn't privatized.  You ought to know what happens with government when private interest is involved.
Wow, he helped people do illegal things and now he's sent to jail.WHAT A SURPRISE!!!!
It's going to get way worse with Hillary in charge. Way, way worse.
Wut
I agree that he should be given a chance to be rehabilitated after a period of 20 years or something substantial, but that's not how most western justice systems work
He wasn't convited of or even charged with soliciting a murder.
The judge is allowed to use that information in sentencing, and the trial for soliciting murder-for-hire is starting soon in Baltimore, now that this one is wrapped up. The murder-for-hire case is basically open-and-shut considering the feds have full transcripts of all his requests
ITT: /g/ being mad because some nigger hosted a website for niggers and junkie niggers  and got lifetime for it
He doesn't deserve a life sentence though.
He doesn't?He knowingly made a market specifically for the sale of drugs and murder. After a while he prohibited hired killings, but he solicited the murder of two different people just himself.This guy at least acted like, if not IS, a total sociopath. If he knows the difference between right and wrong, his morality is clearly such that he feels like he's justified doing anything he wants if he figured he can probably get away with it.
I don't know much about this case, but is it not possible that either within his perspective, or even your's as well, these people should be dead?Perhaps they deserved it, or it was net positive for the greater whole?
That's not how the legal system works.
criminals defending criminals
He didn't get charged for that, just was used on him to sway the jury.also, why haven't people learned that any 3 letter organization will always find a way to get in your shit? Everyone you don't trust with your life, is some fucking spook. And even whoever you trust will eventually get spooked?
within his perspectiveof course he thought they should be deadeven your's[sic] as wellI'm not going to subscribe to a hypothetical that requires me to imagine having done a dozen other things that are insanely irresponsible and illegal.perhaps ... it was net positive for the whole?that's not how justice works. You don't evaluate the net effect of the death you caused. Extrajudicial killing is unjustified.
He got hit with drug kingpin laws you idiots.
Did he make a lot of money from it?
So he's just like a drug dealer. If he seriously thought this was a good idea, he should have gone to some place that wasn't USA.
I'm not going to subscribe to a hypothetical that requires me to imagine having done a dozen other things that are insanely irresponsible and illegal.Given your other viewpoint, it's unsurprising you're unwilling to put yourself in another person's shoes.that's not how justice works.I wouldn't agree.  In fact, ask around, and you'll find little consensus about what actually constitutes justice.  Each viewpoint is just as arbitrary as the last, regardless of if you poll groups or individuals.You don't evaluate the net effect of the death you caused.Then what do you evaluate?Extrajudicial killing is unjustified.You could have just said that from the get go.  Nothing else stated meaningfully alters it.
What they did pin on him were overdoses "linked" to the Silk Road, which is fucking bullshit.They didn't pin anything like that on him. He was never charged for the deaths of any of those people. However, those deaths were cited by the prosecution as an argument to not give him leniency.What he was charged with are various forms of being an accessory to various crimes, distributing drugs, being a drug kingpin, and conspiring with others to break the law ex, six attempted murders, etc.
I'm unable to put myself in the shoes of Ulbricht because I would never have made the choices he made. If I woke up and realized I had been in a fugue state and done everything Ulbricht had done up to a few days before he was arrested, I would've stopped everything and turned myself in.Imagining my behavior given the constraints of having acted like a fucking sociopath for the several years leading up to that point is absurd.I wouldn't agreeokay, well go ask a judge. Or look at any of the sentencing records of any judge you want. Polling fucking idiots on the street means nothing in this context.As for what you evaluate, you consider the severity and intent of the case. Ulbricht solicited multiple hits in cold blood. When the agents showed faked evidence of the death, he expressed no remorse whatsoever.Like I said, he may not have been a sociopath, but in every conceivable, measurable way he acted like one.
You seem to have both a naive understanding of the judicial system AND a cynical view of society. How is that possible/
20 yearsdude, that is crazytry 1 year, and even thats pushing it
And what, you're a lawyer with a deeper understanding? Nice knowledge there lawyerboi.
No, but it doesn't take a fucking lawyer to have a familiarity greater than a fucking farm boy with a hardon for ron paul.
drug kingpins don't get 1 year. stop letting your autism get the best of you in defending him.
in yurop he'd get 10 years. US legal system is fucked
I like that. Fucking lawyers with fucking farm boys and hardons and ron paul.
Is there any precedent for that? he was basically a drug kingpin. Bear in mind that he'll also have to face murder charges.
there's no case giving you reason to think that, is there?are you some sort of expert on EU drug law?
That shirt alone is a crime against humanity.
don't have an example, but you don't get life for dealing drugs over here. there were black market  busts in europe too, so i guess one could research this.
Imagining my behavior given the constraints of having acted like a fucking sociopath for the several years leading up to that point is absurd.It's fairly basic and trivial to simulate the internal environment of another person.  Then again, ironically, that comes from someone with a history of being far too empathetic relative to my perception of other's, and my whole theory of mind and whatnot reflects that spectrum having quite a bit of width for better and worse.Nonetheless, I don't think what I'm asking you to do is at all an impossible task.  Your claim that isn't viable stems from discomfort.  It's not important to the conversation though, I'd just say perhaps you ought to give that some thought.okay, well go ask a judge.I just said, you'll find variance amidst individuals.  You will find variance within groups.  You will find variance within cultures, demographics.  You can plot variance by age and location.  You can find people who believe in a higher justice.  You will find people who reject the idea that justice even exists.It's all arbitrary.  I'm aware that isn't comfortable and seems to lack utility, but jumping to authority is not a substitute for defining justice for yourself.  Personally, I lean towards that justice is a useless concept crudely layered on top of natural law.  But I don't take it so far as to say it doesn't exist.  I think the closest thing to justice is base and purely individualistic.  Law as it stands is no more collectively decided, nor higher a justice, than some australopithecus getting pissed in something spur of the moment and beating someone's head in with a rock.  No real difference ultimately.  Though ideas about standardization, due process, etc are nice and should be developed with honesty.  Ideas about a jury of one's peers are delusional and should be torn up, then thrown away.  One does not have peers.
He wasn't on trial for this. The prosecution didn't even bring up those charges.People like you are so fucking retarded. He was on trial for running a drug exchange and a forum.  Fucking argue the letter and spirit of the law or shut the fuck up you uncivilized fucking cave monkey.
I think he had a couple millions in bitcoin
He did a bunch of other stupid shit. He hired a hitman in his own name and email for one.Was he on trial for that? NO.Learn how the law works or shut the fuck up.
You make posts that don't say anything AND expect to be taken seriously.  How is that possible?
Depends on the state. I can imagine this wouldn't go over well for him in the UK, he is white after all.Did some research and turns out Europe barely has any 'drug kingpins'. All the big ones stem from the American continent. Europe's biggest kingpin served a few years on aggravated assault charges:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klaas_Bruinsma_%28drug_lord%29Never got caught or convicted for drug trade.
agreed
All I'm wondering is who was Variety Jones. Was he a spook?
I gave the most sensible answer I could give, given the constraint of having to have conjured up justification for having done everything that led to me founding the Silk Road, writing in a journal about it, etc.More to the point, the notion that his murder for hire was justified is specious; no court in the world accepts that kind of horse shit defense. If someone wronged you, you take them to court. The best defense you can mount is that everything happened too fast for you to take stock of what was happening, but Ulbricht absolutely had time to collect his thoughts and gauge his emotions. There's no way I could justify having someone killed with absolutely no immediate threat to my life. Arguing that "maybe it's worth thinking about" is insulting to your own intelligence, and an embarrassment to everyone else who even trepidatiously defends Ulbricht.variance ... variance ... varianceokay. find a sample where the confidence interval overlaps with the figure you think is reasonable given a certain level of statistical significance. Law's not THAT arbitrary. People will settle around a mean and form a bell curve. You'll find that nation-level laws on running a major drug market are surprisingly similar across nations.Your defense of Ulbricht is poor. If you're trying to argue the broader point that one should try to put oneself in the suspect's shoes in *general*, then choose another case to make this point, because Ulbricht is hardly the gray area case you want to illustrate your argument. He very deliberately solicited and paid the equivalent of thousands of dollars to have people murdered. He ran a drug market and wrote in his journal about how clever he was and how he wouldn't get caught. Any claim people make that he was in any way unaware of what was going on, or that he didn't want for illegal drugs to be sold on this marketplace, is wishful thinking at best and deliberate misinformation at worst.
wired home networkMakes no difference to how much information you give off on the Internet. They just need IP, user agent and flash cookies.
conveniently left out or hidden in most of these garbage news articles is how he tried to arrange hits on like 5 people
Why is everyone implying that running a drug dealing scheme is somehow morally not wrong? All this goes to the hands of terrorists, street gangs and druglords. It fuels street crime, human trafficking and so on. Druggies play to be completely unaware of that which is hilarious.
Look at Norway. Besides being one of the top countries in terms of GDP even above US their justice system is seen as lenient. But what comes out of this leniency is lower crime and reoffence rates. It's a better way honestly. Not to mention the savings of tax money which can be diverted to other better uses. America is cucked by the rich elite running everything and what's worse is that the 99% of us just accept it and even praise them cucking is. Wages have dropped from 1970 while inflation has increased and the only unaffected people are the ultra rich. SURPRISE!
autismNo /g/ is being mad because of the ridiculously harsh sentencing and the division of rules between the rich and middle class people. Child rapists worth billions walk scot free while very soon jay walking for us will be punishable by improsonment.
He had it coming.He is considered KingPin,authorities dont care if he is running it online or making deals in person.Crime is a crime for them and thats final.
as a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.it seems like there are a few camps defending ulbricht and they're all stepping on each other's toes:- the group that thinks he was wrongly convicted or that he was unknowing enough that he shouldn't be held responsible- the group that thinks he was rightly convicted, but that he deserved a single-digit sentence- the group that thinks he was rightly convicted, maybe deserves up to 20 years in prison, but probably not morethe first group is retarded. he kept excessively meticulous notes for this perspective to hold up against a light breeze.the second group is nearly as delusional; if he was guilty of the crimes of running a drug market, then the argument that he should get a light single-digit sentence would have to depend on a divergence from the letter of the law, which would clearly demand that a drug kingpin caught so red-handed get a HUGE prison sentence.I can *maybe* get behind the argument that he deserved ~20 years purely on the drug charges, but you really have to read the shit he wrote. He was so confident that he was immune to the law - notably, there was no sense that he didn't think he was in the wrong. He wasn't just fatally stupid or ignorant - he absolutely knew that this was illegal and he figured he could get away with it. That kind of intent rules you out of light sentences.All this being said, it's academic. If he's going to be charged for the murder solicitations, it'll be a slam dunk. If not, then he'll have almost literally gotten away with murder if not for it having been a sting operation. If he gets sentenced for those directly, then the number of years he serves for running Silk Road will have turned out to be incidental.
I have actually met an German international drug trafficker in real-life once. Believe it or not he is part of a friend of mine's gaming clan with which he used to play CS and DOTA competitively.He manages a cocaine transportation pipeline from Columbia to Europe and used to rake in hundreds and thousands of euro's. Ran it like a real business with a fake transportation company front. He got shot and arrested when Interpol raided his house in Germany. After his recovery and sentence he went legit and got a normal job. He was actually a pretty nice and normal guy who is pretty good at the vidya.Another dude who used to sporadically play with as was a Kazakh immigrant cocaine dealer. One time at a LAN party he started to divide a large pack of cocaine in eight-balls. My friend's who's parent's house it was didn't like that. He had a dedicated errand boy and driver lol. Eventually, he got arrested mid-deal when he met up on a farmer's field for a transaction of cocaine. The farmer called the cops. He gave less of a nice person impression though.
Yeah only legal killings done by the imperial reich of US and the empire of Israel are.
Online drugmarkets decrease the street crime
people who sell drugs can also be normal peopleamazing!
Are they more lenient across the board?Specifically do they give lenient punishments to high end criminals like drug kingpins and stuff? Because Ulbricht doesn't fall into a typical everyday criminal category. He's closer though not parallel to Al Capone than a car thief.
'Merica third-world confirmed.
That's how the system works, kiddo. If you have strong feelings about this, go live somewhere else. This isn't a complicated social contract.
Harder to get access too. For a wired network you need to have physical access.
pose as technicians
Where are you drawing this conclusion from? Don't tell me it's some awkward "drug dealers have to spend less time on the streets and more on the net so there's less actual street crime" reasoning because that's not leasning the number of crime in any way.
fuck off commie
Oh the typical "I would never do that" argument. Yes please judge others who have had a different life sitting in your own cushy easy one. You might think that I'm assuming too much, but the same applies to you in assuming how you would react in his shoes. Yes he deserves to be held accountable and serve some time but with the end goal of rehabilitation instead of vindictive revenge. Or at the least call the "justice" system what it is - revenge system. This type of hypocrisy is what is wrong.
buy a macbook pro just for DPR activitiesdisable wificonnect using usb dongle to a wifi at mcdonalds
m8, better check that link you posted.
there's no reasoning here. this thread is full of autistic people who are panicking and freaking out  that another autistic person's actions on the Internet actually had repercussions. they're trying to come up with every justification and excuse to satisfy their delusion that he did a good thing and that justice would have been letting Ulbricht out after a healthy rehabilitation session and a stern lecture.
drug kingpinposting on /g/You either need to learn how to write English or you're a fucking liar.
They shouldn't get lifetime with no chance of living. Keeping him in a jail cell forever won't fix society or act to prevent this from reoccurring. If it did, then the previous kingpins jailed would've already fixed it. It's simple - simpletons like you accept anything from authority if the word "law" is thrown in somewhere. You lack the ability to critically think and use history as a learning tool to adapt. But it's not your fault entirely because people much smarter than you control and make rules for society so it's natural you would obey at any cost.
Yeah my ISIS cannabis gardener is sending that shit back to Iraq nigger and my MS-13 gang banger mushroom grower is using it to fund robberies. Not to mention my LSD chemist is bringing in 20 lolis a day off his. Then you have my aryan brotherhood pharmacist killing people over oxycodone selling turf.
A lot of street dealers I used to know aren't pleasant people.You're right that it isn't surprising that the more successful businessman-like people are normal. But the drug trade will make you paranoid. The German guy said that his Columbian partners were pushing him and he got really scared there. The Columbians were being busted at their end, so they got suspicious. They demanded he did a thorough check on his local employees. Which he did and everything was okay, but he still got paranoid, because you really don't want Columbian criminals coming to extract info or exact revenge on you.
They shouldn't get lifetime with no chance of living. Keeping him in a jail cell forever won't fix society or act to prevent this from reoccurring. If it did, then the previous kingpins jailed would've already fixed it. It's simple - simpletons like you accept anything from authority if the word "law" is thrown in somewhere. You lack the ability to critically think and use history as a learning tool to adapt. But it's not your fault entirely because people much smarter than you control and make rules for society so it's natural you would obey at any cost.
LALALALA HE WASN'T ON TRIAL FOR IT THEREFORE IT DIDN'T HAPPEN LALALAt. tor user
Ulbricht was far from a victim of his circumstances at the height of Silk Road when he called for a hit on those people. I have no problem putting myself in the shoes of people for whom the circumstances behind their current place in life are murky, but Ulbricht had all the agency leading up to that point. I couldn't imagine having made those decisions. Are you seriously telling me that at every point along building SR you could *empathize* with his perspective?What justification could you have offered to have built it? Before we even get to the point where he solicited a murder, what was the reasoning for making SR in the first place?
you friend should get outside more often.
Yeah that's confusing me too. If he really made over $100 million then staying in the US was an ego thing.Netherlands and the non-US bought countries wouldn't have given too many fucks let alone some of the 2nd world shitholes in East Europe and South America.
A lot of street dealers I used to know aren't pleasant people.You're right that it isn't surprising that the more successful businessman-like people are normal. But the drug trade will make you paranoid. The German guy said that his Columbian partners were pushing him and he got really scared there. The Columbians were being busted at their end, so they got suspicious. They demanded he did a thorough check on his local employees. Which he did and everything was okay, but he still got paranoid, because you really don't want Columbian criminals coming to extract info or exact revenge on you.
I meant to say that, getting tried as a drug kingpin, his sentencing didn't seem unreasonable to me personally. Sorry for being unclear.
American reading comprehensionEverytime
no chance of livinghad a chance. Silk Road wasn't a one-time thing that just exploded in his face.
no court in the world accepts that kind of horse shit defense.I think our difficulty understanding one another stems from different core ideas.  When it comes down to it most of what you keep bringing up isn't relevant, I don't care what the court thinks, and neither does my sense of right and wrong.  I look at it from a more mechanical or ecological standpoint, and the only relevance law or judicial has in my decision making process is centered around risk assessment and their position as a superior force in one's environment.  Beyond that, if I think something ought to happen and either accept what'll happen or think I can get away with it, would I do it?  Definitely.  There is no "defense" required.  They are what they are, the situation will be what it is, and I will tap the affordances available.  Then things will happen.Arguing that "maybe it's worth thinking about" is insulting to your own intelligence,I shouldn't have to say much about the intelligence going into a mindset that rejects attempting to see from something beyond your own perspective.  Myopia invalidates itself.People will settle around a mean and form a bell curve.Yeah, I used to figure that too.  I thought, as human beings, we're composed of roughly the same intrinsic factors.  Existing within a certain culture and certain feedback loops, even across different cultures, you'd have a fairly concentrated clustering of ideas.  In actuality, the more I've investigated, despite not doing so in a controlled and scientific sense, the more I've found results are more confined by logic than solely mediated by culture.  There are defined poles, and a mishmashing of ideas in between.  Some of that spectrum forms areas of clustering, but less than I'd have thought.  I'd recommend you figure your own mechanism of gathering similar data in a way that minimizes biases, might be surprised.[character limit]
This. Justice itself is a crude concept made to keep things in order for interests in society to continue to do what they do. If you read up on it, justice systems were originally made by the ruling class to be able to keep the wage slaves in check. It serves the same purpose today but with a few extras to appear as 'unbiased'. Basically keeping a person in jail forever is barely different from killing him. It might just be better for the person itself.
drug dealers dindu do nuffin
[continued]I was talking about perception of justice and ethics, but even centered around law, it's largely the same.  The most interesting part is the clustering around what ideas make it into law, and which don't.  What types of people mediate these things, and which throughout history, won't.Your defense of Ulbricht is poor.Three questions, to sate my own curiosity.  You can probably tell I more or less ride waves of giving a shit and not, and like figuring what makes it all tick in what seems like a haze of ambiguity.  Judgements about reality are inherently quantizations, your honest contribution will aid controlling for error.-What is your country of origin and ethnicity?-Are you on any medication?-Can you swim and remain afloat naturally, or do you sink in water?I would appreciate answers to these.  Ultimately it seem like you're getting very mad or layering on assumptions, and it's clouding your judgement.  I started by stating a simple idea, and explicitly said I know very little if anything beyond "silk road existed."  I'm not defending anything or anyone.  Real tired though, I'd appreciate answers to the above.  If you don't respond, or don't respond with answers, I'll probably just go to bed.  If you respond with answers and I see anything I should say back I'll do so, otherwise I'll just give a brief thanks then go to sleep.
It clearly did happen because it was part of a sting operation that was disclosed everywhere on the internet, and Ulbricht left his prints everywhere metaphorically like the idiot that he is. He can't even code up a website, that tells you the level of retardation we are dealing with.I'm only saying that people should be looking at the fucking charges. Otherwise you are a pawn. I don't care whether you think he deserved 1 year, 20 years, or life for his crimes.  He wasn't on trial for calling in a hit.  Stop pretending like that's interesting to talk about.  Anyone should get life for that. The only interesting part about any of this is whether running a drug market online is punishable by life in prison as in, is it within proportionality?.
 Europe UKUK is the biggest cuck place here.I really hope they will get kicked out of the EU.Will be the best thing to happen to the Union.UK is like Russia... an infection that needs to be removed as soon as possible.
this is all a contrived system to help the ruling class keep wage slaves in checkokay i'm checking out here. FYI, you faggots jumped the shark here with the totally irrelevant critiques on society dating back to the middle ages.
American reading comprehensionEverytimeas a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.as a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.as a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.as a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.This sentence means you are speaking as a drug kingpin personally.  Which you aren't.Fucking retard.
He isn't anywhere near al capone or a mafia boss. He didn't kill 100s of people and infiltrate into politics.  He's somewhere in the middle.
All drug dealers must be murdering, human trafficking, psychopaths. I guess I missed that part when I grew mushrooms in my cupboard and sold them to buy a car.
You didn't even try to refute my point of US being imperialistic. If you accept this, you must know that the benefits of this "contract" are solely to the rich elite, and unless you're heir to a huge financial empire or corporatewhich is doubtable at best, you're a fool to support it willingly.
You don't need actual access to the same LAN to find out someone's identity. They just need the IP and a phone call to the ISP is enough to give the address associated with it. Not that hard to grasp.
Like I said, he's not parallel to Capone, but he's closer to Capone than a car thief.I'm not going to split hairs with you, but the notion that he was some lower level criminal is kind of idiotic.
I reckon at least one third of /g/ populace are foreigners.
commieIs that the best your tiny brain could muster, wage slave cuck. Please suck some more government dick.
go back to campaigning for ron paul, you fucking faggot.
politics doesn't affect meoh look another "free spirit"
Of course he got a fucking life sentence. You get that for seeling like 2kg of cocaine and he helped to sell thousands of kilos of different drugs.
Well now they've learned something new. Acceptance of mediocrity keeps people soft and weak.
Thanks for the cherry picking. At least you picked the ripe ones.
Nice b8 but you didn't even properly identify an actual "free spirit".
Kthxbai. this is all...I said the original purpose was that. You twisting my words just shows your own inability to argument with reason.
Another compelling argument. You should probably celebrate.
UK is the biggest cuck place here.what does that even mean?If anyone's a cuck in europe is the Sweeds.I really hope they will get kicked out of the EU.They want to cut contacts with EU.EU tries to get them to saty because EU takes Britbong  moneyUK is like RussiaYou need to have your head checked or travel to easten europe to get the full picture.
Yes and you go back to sucking dicks like I said. Maybe you'll become like those whose dicks you're sucking eh?
Pitiful retards arguing over something they can't change
implying Hillary is betterHave fun giving Monsanto new tax cuts you cuckold faggot.
... what?
Please keep bending over. Maybe they'll give you something in return.
implying Bernie Sanders isn't running
Pitiful autists arguing over why drug dealer got in prison.Fixed for you
Bernie can be a dick.  Also, he won't win.  Also also, if he does win, he's capable of little for meaningful change.Do hope he wins though.
Lets never have another discussion again.
The Ars Technica writeup was pretty great.http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/05/sunk-how-ross-ulbricht-ended-up-in-prison-for-life/Ulbricht was a complete moron, I have a hard time feeling sorry for the guy when he dug his own grave. This was a landmark case, he was going to get the harshest sentencing available because they want to send the message that you can't facilitate a black market without the the law kicking your dick in.
What I don't get is why you would support corporations who clearly look at profits at your own cost. I'm genuinely curious what makes people feel that it's alright because "it's just business". Are you supporters yourselves running corporates? If not, then what do YOU get for allowing their lobbies to win?
Oh well.  I didn't expect a response.Maybe I'll gather proper data somehow, eventually.  Maybe not.  Whatever happens, I will have to eventually reconcile the desire.Night anons.
This. But one reason could be that everyone has opportunities to make their businesses and get the same benefits.Everyone had equal chance.
Everyone had equal chance.Biggest delusion around.  Even if it was the case, there's nothing great about the opportunity to step on everyone until you claw your way up to where now finally YOU can be big Mr. PeePee, swinging the D around while you play the game as your own kind of shithead sucking up cash off other people's work while fucking and ravaging everything you touch.Oh yeah.  Great.  Living the dream.
SweedsWhy? Did they do something recently? I don't visit /pol/.
But I want to know why people support the lobbied gov't?I'm trying to understand for my own sake.
Biggest delusion around. Even if it was the case, there's nothing great about the opportunity to step on everyone until you claw your way up to where now finally YOU can be big Mr. PeePee, swinging the D around while you play the game as your own kind of shithead sucking up cash off other people's work while fucking and ravaging everything you touch.implying I carePeople are so shitty I really don't care what happens to them.  I don't buy into consumerism all that much anyway.  Let them kill themselves off like morons.  At least the weakest will be culled that way.
Can a supporter of corporations please answer this?
hurr durr he din do nuffing he just needed money so he made a site for dealing drugsFuck you and your mother, you dumb sack of cocksucking shit. Stop making threads about this fuck.
Why do people try to tell you that harmful compounds aren't stored in adipose?Why do people try to tell you you don't gain a  tolerance to ethanol intake and it's all an illusion?Why do people think viewing weight management through a lens of thermodynamics will yield a useful and meaningful approach to anything?Why do people argue with mounting evidence neu5gc is a primary cause of carcinogensis?Why do people say and think half the stupid shit they do?I don't know anon, and the most I can say is good luck.  The argument in favor of lobbying is dualistic, ie, it can be said all interests exist on the same plane.  This is invalid however because those with the deepest will be overexpressed if not the only voice present, as they turn all regulatory agencies into revolving doors as well.Some people are absolutely unmanageably terrified at seeing the real nature of the bigger picture, and the idea that they're one tiny little speck and part of a beast that's just out of control.  They just can't handle it, so they respond with cognitive dissonance and a framework of disjointed beliefs.  Too bad so sad that they're in the way, otherwise one could easily learn to ignore them.
deepest pockets*
Well, unfortunately, or fortunately, I've become a lot like you.  We aren't so different.  Only real delineations is I refuse to be a blunt self centered parasite.
Why do people try to tell you that harmful compounds aren't stored in adipose?Why do people try to tell you you don't gain a tolerance to ethanol intake and it's all an illusion?Why do people think viewing weight management through a lens of thermodynamics will yield a useful and meaningful approach to anything?Why do people argue with mounting evidence neu5gc is a primary cause of carcinogensis?Why do people say and think half the stupid shit they do?Fatass with a drinking problem who cannot count calories and has cancer from eating too much red meat confirmed.
still proving my pointYou're the retard here, buddy.Grammar popquiz: What is the most probable meaning of the omitted phrase from the context and conversation?A [I] as a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.B [Dread Pirate Roberts being] as a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.Protip: You've got it wrong the first time, kiddo.
Hmmm. It makes sense. But I'd still like to hear from someone with that viewpoint their justification. I guess it's because I'm hoping to settle my own changing opinions once and for all.
You're right. But the police surely would like access to your network for all that evidence of crime though. It's not your identity they're after.
Nah.  I got my near alcoholic drunken-ness out of the way before I was even 18, I'm 5'6" and ~122 lbs, I don't bother to count calories but could if I desired, and only turkey, which like most poultry is comparatively low in sialic acids.Have fun with those confirmations.
Drugs probably got to his brain, he was so rich he could live literally anywhere he wanted. He could have abandoned SR and run away with the millions he made, before getting cucked like this.
Why are rich people so obsessed with money? I mean i can understand making more and more money legally but if i made like $100m illegaly i would fucking stop doing that shit and move to a third world country
I have diagnosed you as:autisticThe reasons for this diagnosis are:inability to comprehend a really obvious jokelack of a sense of humorinflated importance attributed to sialic acids
Should have fled to north korea. Im sure he could have made some deal with kim to live like a king and to keep running the website from there
third world countryThat'd be the biggest mistake. Extradition is easier than prosecution from third world countries.
Nigger if you have 100K on your account and come here you will be living like a king for the rest of your life.
Grammar popquiz:Fucking lel, some autist on /g/ thinks he knows everything about grammar.What is the most probable meaning of theDOESN'T FUCKING MATTER. When you start a sentence with "As [...]", you imply that the subject of the sentence is the FIRST noun you mention in the predicate. He said "I" before he said "he" "he" meaning DPR.You fucking idiot.B [Dread Pirate Roberts being] as a drug kingpin I don't think it was unreasonable that he got life in prison.WRONG WRONG WRONGI give you a D+ for effort.
That'd be the biggest mistake. Extradition is easier than prosecution from third world countries.If by extradition you mean the extralegal tradition of assassination.
I think it's obvious, therefore, my shitty joke was obviousNice theory of mind there.Your sense of humor doesn't match mine, therefore, you lack a sense of humorNice theory of mind and self awareness there.  Nice dendritic spines dawg nigga.sialic acids aren't importantNice literal mental retardation there.Though all that shit aside, I did lol while reading your post.  So glad to see you came around and I don't have to diagnose you with shitty post creation as well.
Nice theory of mind there.Yeah, "confirming" you on the internet as someone who suffered from everything you derided as cognitive-dissonance-inducing is definitely NOT OBVIOUS.Your sense of humor doesn't match mine, therefore, you lack a sense of humorNice theory of mind and self awareness there. Nice dendritic spines dawg nigga.You replied to a joke post with a salty defense of your own life choices.  Give me a fucking break. If you didn't like the style of humor, you could have just stayed shut the fuck up and been better off that way. sialic acids aren't importantNice literal mental retardation there.Implying excessive worrying isn't indicative of a mental health issue.
So what will be life like in prison for him? He sure has some assets right? Will he have a computer? Or will he just sit on a chair for the rest of his life? Can he go outside?I mean thinking about it that is some sick punishment, just sitting in a room all day and waiting to die.
It definitely isn't obvious.  You're on /g/ bud, and you could pretty easily make a reasonably weighted assumption that you're talking to someone who's jaded and a bit misanthropic at best.  It was foolish to think I wouldn't immediately assume even the most vague hostility wasn't generic dumb shit you see from genuine posters constantly here.you could have just stayed shut the fuck up and been better off that way.m8 u come ovr ere' n ill show u hw u'l b betr off bich niga shut u up reel gud grab ur dumas n' smak u round n u'll no wuts wut mofo bitch nigga FITE ME IRL M8Implying excessive worrying isn't indicative of a mental health issue.Nice assumptions there.  I eat meat, for starters.  I'm half dead inside at best and if I am indeed mentally ill, it lies elsewhere.  I like to know how things function, and I'm hardly worried.Fuckin' people.  Can't tell fact from their own fictions.
Probably like an episode of Orange is the New Black.
Wait so did they get his bitcoins? Or is he going to jail with the smug satisfaction they'll never get his stash?
What the fuck happened to evolution at the end there?
It was foolish to think I wouldn't immediately assume even the most vague hostility wasn't generic dumb shit you see from genuine posters constantly here.Fair.  People are pretty awful here.  Mostly because they're failed programmers who live as NEETs with their parents, so they have a lot of hostility to express.Nice assumptions there. I eat meat, for starters.I was just blowing smoke, but now that the jig is up I guess I'll say I never really thought that was the case.
FBI party van
He hired a hitman in his own name and email for one. I hate it when people say dumb shit like it's a fact.You stupid fuck.
The admins took all the money and ran.
Mostly because they're failed programmers who live as NEETs with their parents, so they have a lot of hostility to express.I haven't visited /g/ in a bit. While I find them unsightly, I can't say I really blame them.  I'm broken and unfit for my environment as well, my own shit just comes out in more honest ways.Figured I'd come back and look for a win10 thread.  Try to get someone to argue with me about UX and maybe, JUST MAYBE, cognitive or even hard neurological models playing into why flat minimalism with no transparency, is complete garbage.  Because that's what I really care about ultimately, why people are terrible engineers.I should'a stayed gone, so now I'm gonna get gone.
There's a documentary by Alex Winters, I forget the name of it, that exposes a lot of  illegal activity and corruption by FBI agents in the silk road. The contract killings were never real, they were made up to try and pin this guy as some evil criminal mastermind. Also much of the evidence against him is very suspicious. The big one is a journal they claim he kept to catalog money transfers and contract killings. Problem is the contract killings were never real. Those FBI agents involved  were already charged and sentenced months before this, and yet it was never brought up in this trail.
And Zuckerberg is a billionaire.  At least the silk road guy was meeting a legitimate demand.  Drugs are morally superior to facebook.
He did not deserve anything over 10 years.  With that being said, he is a moron, who thought he was above the law.
Wired home network, no wifi.Not sure this is good; IP is linked.Spoof user agent. Access only via public wifi. No password, no linkage to you. Run tails, or if not that, a different live distro that lacks persistence. Do not always go to the same places, but move around. And make the public figure of yourself as disconected from, and disinterested in the idea of the site as possible. DPR was not very careful about keeping the life of Ulritch seperate from his illicit interests. Confrontations with police, references to Silk Road, did he not explain directly his work to a friend who later testified against him?
forumWay to vastly simplify what he actually did
allowing random technicians in you homeYe nah no thanks.
The man was a criminal that people seem to want to turn into a martyr. I say good riddance. Should have gotten a death sentence instead of life in prison, now he's just taking up resources and bloating the prison system.
what is drug traffickingBy taking a profit from every illegal transaction they could have put him away on 5+ life sentences if they cared enough.  And that's just with drug convictions.  If they felt like wasting time they could have convicted him on several other charges as well.but he didn't actually sell any drugsMost middlemen don't, but by taking a profit from the transaction it doesn't matter.
Probably should have went to Europe then.
makes millions illegallystays in the USA
its a womans world these days or do you faggots not see it...women are the new men.
he did not deserve anything over 10 yearsYou should look up federal drug trafficking laws and their sentences.  For what he was convicted of, it was impossible to get less than 10 years.
Posts like OP's ITT are the ones who are whining and complaining that their little druggie lifestyles may be in jeopardy.
 accessory to drug operations  just ran a forumoh right everyone on /g/ is 12
What millions?He was poor. Bitcoins are not real money.
Keep telling yourself that, maybe someday it'll become true.:^
Insane sentence.Punishment does not fit the crime.Imagine if they sentenced him to death! US is crazy enough to do it too. US is as insane as Saudi Arabia.
Remove burger.
kek
We have to keep the people in line with the possibility of long sentences like this so they don't ever feel like rebellion is an option.
Is there a problem in this?
I think a lot of controversy around this is about the investigation. Yes the feds did some old school very commendable detective work that led them to Ross, including the ambush in the library. However, to do a lot of what they did required a warrant--which they got from the evidence from making a live image of the Silk Road servers in Iceland. How they knew where the server was is a controversy and one that sparks the question, and some would say proof, that the feds control a large amount of the TOR network. Some might even go as far to suggest NSA-tier 'illegal' snooping was how they figured out the location of the servers. Someone reply if I'm recalling this wrong.
If anyone's a cuck in europe is the Sweeds.There's room for both.
I heard something about the captcha system leaking information.Though I wouldn't be surprised if the NSA doxxed him and passed the info on to the Feds, allowing them to do some parallel construction
I'm pretty sure the country that was written in circumcises little baby boys and doesn't bat an eyelid.
Drug Enforcement Administration special agent Carl Mark Force IV, 46, was charged with wire fraud, theft of government property and money laundering. Maryland Secret Service agent Shaun Bridges, 32, was charged with wire fraud and money laundering.The lengthy account of how Force and Bridges allegedly abused their roles as federal agents during the Silk Road investigation was never mentioned in Ulbricht’s trial, which began in January in New York City. After a month-long trial, Ulbricht was found guilty of creating and running the Silk Road after less than four hours of jury deliberation.http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/30/politics/federal-agents-charged-with-stealing-bitcoin/http://www.forbes.com/sites/katevinton/2015/03/30/two-former-federal-agents-charged-with-stealing-bitcoin-during-silk-road-investigation/http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/31/nyregion/silk-road-case-federal-agents-charges.html
Wow, this guy will get fucked in the ass so much in jail.
All this goes to the hands of terrorists, street gangs and druglords. It fuels street crime, human trafficking and so on.This guy is correct.But hey, drug laws are fucking obnoxious.  I'm not just talking about the illicit stuff, I'm talking about requiring a doctor to get a prescription in order to legally possess prescription medication.I used to think it was crazy that in, e.g. Mexico and Thailand, you can just walk into a pharmacy, talk to the pharmacist, and walk out with just about anything.  Then I learned a bit more about drugs, and how little doctors actually understand about what they're prescribing anyway.You could conceivably get prison for possession of Wellbutrin.  Modafinil is a Schedule IV controlled substance.  That's insane.
With a pretty face like that, he sure is gonna be popular in prison.
I'd leave, but the rest of the world is pretty fucked, especially Europe. so really, different home but same bullshit.
It's fucking ridiculous that they applied the law exactly like they would to a fucking cocaine baron. That's why he got life. Running a criminal enterprise was one of the many bullshit charges. Guy probably never interacted with any of the dealers personally but it's all the same to those tone deaf boomer fucks.Either way, what fucked him over was taking a cut on every transaction. If he'd hosted it voluntarily he probably would have been tried as an activist.
this doesn't happen as much as jail-virgins believe
nah. most of the stuff you hear about prison rape is because they volunteer for protection. unless you went to a really hardcore prison like San Quentin State Prison or you went to prison for hurting children, you won't have to worry about prison rape.
yeah of all the places in the world, Europe is especially fucked :^
It's now an insane asylum.It always has been, but I'm not too sorry for that guy in particular.
Well, they are a bunch of politically correct cucks who take mudslime dick up the ass, so that's a problem.
admin literally ran off with tens of millions of dollars worth of BTC. hes living it up somewhere now, laughing at dpr's misery, happy that it isnt him in jail.
How many threads are we going to make about this
does /g/ knows binary , decimals and hexadecimals?go ahead try passing that to decimal and then to hexadecimal.11101.1001
NIGGER IGGER
Why is there a period?
do you even binary brah ?

there is no spoon
i knew you guys suck ballzhere is the resultDECIMAL  58.5625HEXADECIMAL  3A.15F9
 not using ieee754 notation
/thread
, 
Why hasn't gee begone to optimize texture sizes for games, when video memory is so in demand, we could reduce the size of texture files, and still maintain visual fidelity, improving performance for many poor stations.
Because it doesn't work that way.
/v/
...And when little Billy went onto the internet with his new computer he realized...[spoiler]IT LAGGED EVEN WHEN HE TRIED TO PLAY AGARIO![/spoiler]
Nightly build at 2:00 AMCheck in code at 1:59 AM
What's a good reliable filesystem for media archiving and playback, mostly audio/video, on a 1TB external drive?It has to work with both *nix and wangblows though.pic unrelated
FAT unless you want to install software on the other system.
exFAT m80
When will it be possible to build a smartphone with parts instead of buying a assembled smartphone from a manufacture? Will there be a day when its cheaper to build it yourself? Just like desktops today?Can using 3D printing to design phone body's and the spread of open source phone OS's contribute to this?
FCC will never allow it.
All the antennaes are kept in the SoC already, and that's the bit that has to be FCC certifiedSo maybe in 20 years?
Those pi phones suck and cost way to much to manufacture OP
Get an iPod touch and a 3g backpack from China.Done.
Project Ara
it looks like a homemade bomb or something equally nefarious.
Just call it tablet instead of cellphone. Use internet to call people.
The radio antennas are the issue. Thee FCC thinks it owns the radio spectrum.
soo, it's illegal to own a device that you made yourself, simply because it hasn't been fully reviewed by their board?
It is okey without radio.
Hmm, let's plug this 3kW 2.4GHz antenna into my outletSir you need to unplug your antenna, nobody within 10 blocks can connect to their wifiBUT I BUILT IT MYSELF
is it gonna communicate through infrared then?
Eventually darknet will have its own wireless network. Longrange mesh net.
If I was rich I'd start a 'build your own phone' company. Not like project Ara with a bunch of closed modules but like an online shop which sold phone motherboards with SOCs, battery bays, expansion boards, cases, screens, ect.I wish the phone market was like the desktop market.
are there even anyone producing individual smartphone components today?
Will there be a day when its cheaper to build it yourself? Just like desktops today?No, because smartphones rely upon being completely non modular in order to be small & cheap.
awesome
Will there be a day when its cheaper to build it yourself?Nope. A standardised device that requires logins for all kind of shit and uploads data automatically to the manufacturers per default is a gold mine for data mining and advertising alike. Companies WANT you to have a smartphone, because you pay for services, have easier access to a branded store or can be targeted for their advertising. That's what makes them cheap for end users and services free. Paying for the device will be more of a bonus in the future. I mean getting a smartphone to your TV or for free with a contract? That's surely not generosity.A homebrew smartphone, even from whatever modular components, is no such device. No monetary support for the component manufacturers from any company, and not many opportunities for the component manufacturers to get a bargain out of it themselves.Perhaps you don't pay much for all the stuff, but it will never be cheaper than a brand phone of equal capacity.
It would be awesome though, if people were into making their own "smartX" devices, it doesn't have to be a phone. I almost never use the phone function anyway. Think of all the cool stuff you could put in it.
Kek
If the FCC can still reach your house the antenna isn't strong enough.
smartdildoThink of all the cool stuff you could put it in.
Exactly, makes me hard just thinking about it. Install gentoo on it so that it's tailored to my anus' needs.
Kind of like laptops OP.  Parts are non standard format and shape,  and each person will want something different.  This guy wants a big screen but weaker processor.  This guy wants this and this etc etc. Anyone who creates modular phone tech would have to sit down and create a brand new standard for these phones to follow.  Sort of like how desktop has ATX now.  Phone shells,  motherboards, screen connectors,  would all have to be universal and interchangeable so say the same she'll could be used for a phone that only has a single core CPU,  but has an extra thick 11000 mah battery.  Or a newer 8 core,  but sacrifice on battery life. These are crude examples,  but no one wants to do this because it wouldn't be easy nor cheap.  Plus it is a lot more profitable to pay a Chinese kid 5 dollars a week to make phones that are worth less than that,  and sell them to people in the West for $80.
you are pretty bang on, but standards have a tendency to create themselves and evolve somewhat organically as long as someone/some company makes the initial plunge.  I personally dont think most people would have the soldering ability or fine motor skills required to assemble a phone.  It would have to be stupidly plug and play and easy, and I think would end up defeating its own purpose aside from hobbyism.
I think laptops could be easily standardized, the only real issue is the case and motherboardliterally everything else on a laptop is standardized
it fucking does
"what I cant hear you, theres moths outside, wait a minute"
The closest things to this are Project Ara and Runcible. At least I think it was Runcible who said they wanted the chassis to last forever with internal parts being upgraded over time.
Tesla would be angry.
The Problem with any standard you make now is how outdated it will be in a few years. Just think of a Mac Book Air... standard says Mainboard height 1.5cm, someone has the technology to make it thinner.Screen size minimum 10cmx5cm, size steps in steps of dunnowhat, someone has the technology to make a smartwatch that you can take of the holder on your wrist, expand and use like a cell phone or whatever...I mean this doesn't affect your standard at first since those aren't homebrew things, but homebrewers will want all that sooner or later. The sizes really are the killer for standards, just think that my phone now is twice as wide as my first, but only a fifth as thick, whereas the loading plug and the sim got damn tiny.
their regulations concern only output power and frequencythey don't give a shit as long as you stick to legal frequencies, like the ones hunters, airsoft faggots and construction workers use I forgot what that band is called
Tesla would have been shut down so fast if the fcc had anything to say about it.
its the year and they STILL insist on using nuclear energy while germany will use 100% green energy by 2030Why are you so stupid? Green energy is the futuretfw my country is building new nuclear plants right nowWish i was german mustard race
I prefer blue energy.
while germany will use 100% green energy by 2030Sure and it will import 10x as much as that from nuclear power plants in other countries
Daily reminder that if you cockblock new plants then they run the old ones into the ground well after they should have been decommissioned. All recent Nuclear power plant disasters have been because they where old and not kept up to safety standards. Also have you seen the damage to rivers by hydro?
green energyecohippy please fuck off, nuclear is love, nuclear is best
Or you could just turn them off and try to dismantle them over the next years like germany does.Nope. By 2030 they wont be importing much any at all. Its just right now cause they turned all plants off.Le edgy faceFollow germanys example. The future generation will thank you for it.
implying nuclear is badSTFU about things you nothing about, pleb. It's safer than pretty much anything else, it's highly space efficient, and the "waste" is more accurately known as "fuel that needs a bit more processing".
nuclear is safer than wind and solar energyLove this meme
Or you could just turn them offIt doesn't work that way sonny. You have to replace that power deficit you just created or enjoy your blackout.
It is, actually. Maybe you should look things up before you go sperging out about something.http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.htmlIt's also cleaner produces less CO2 than photovoltaic solar.
guys guys guys guys guys guys guysteslaguystesla energyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvCIhn7_FXI
Why should i care? I'm not a hippie faggot
No thorium reactorsintothetrash.png
The dams in BC have completely fucked everything up.The forests are dying.The fish are dying.EVERY-FUCKING-THING is DYING."Green" energy is the worst thing to happen, it's literally killing British Columbia.
Yeah this doesn't include the enviormental damage and stuff like massively higher cancer rates and birth defects of people who live near nuclear plants.
Im sure the fish on the coast of fukushima are fine ;^
le nuclear is dangerous boogeyman propagandanuclear is the future for our power consumption needs
[citation needed]But I don't need a citation, I know you're just spouting bullshit. Even the people who went into the Fukushima plant after the meltdown to stop it are still healthy.
Right now. It can take centuries for the effects to appear. Maybe one of the workers grandchildren will be deformed because of it or he will get cancer 30 years later.
Let's get us some fusion power. Once ITER is built, we only have DEMO and then hopefully PROTO, which might actually produce power. Cheap safe green inexhaustible power, fuck yeah.
I can provide proof, just wait a couple generations and you'll have it :^By the time their grand children are born they will have received more radiation from the general background radiation we all experience. Please spread your FUD somewhere else, you're really embarrassing yourself.
tfw Germany uses coal
Just look at Chernobyl or hiroshima and nagasaki to see what radiation does years later
Why bother with nuclear, when green is capable of providing all our power needs and produces no waste that requires being buried underground for millennia until it stops being radioactive. Also no chance of shit like this happening with green power, which is a plus:warning NSFL image, guy got massive radiation burns working in a nuclear power plant https://i.imgur.com/aZMY0eE.jpg
Little radiation over time doesn't matter. Being exposed to large doses of radiation does. Drinking water every day is fine but if you drink way too much you can get water poisoning
Based France.Meanwhile in Belgium we have ancient powerplants with microcracks in the reactors and terrorist trying to sabotage them.
Comparing a disaster only Soviet incompetence along with two nuclear weapons being unleashed upon a civilian populace with a nuclear reactor kept deep underground and shielded shows just how far you are reaching.True, I probably shouldn't have said that. For that reason and that it's kind of irrelevant since the point at hand was the additional radiation from living near a nuclear plant. I apologize for that.

I feel sorry for the countries bordering Belgium.  I always have.
when green is capable of providing all our power needsnot a chanceno wind?good luck getting any wind powercloudy day?good luck getting solar powercalm seas?good luck getting tidal powerwhereas nuclear will continue fighting on, generating lots of power for us
You cant guarantee that stuff wont happen again. There have been many many many close calls all over the world regarding nuclear plants. Its bound to happen again. Also the risk of terrorist attacks only get higher with each passing day
You spread your power over multiple forms of green power, so when one is not available, you can rely on others.And it's already happened, New Zealand gets 85% of their power from green energy. South Australia gets almost 70%. Queensland produces 3GW of power from solar panels on hundreds of thousands of homes.Nuclear is not necessary when you have plentiful natural energy available.
You can't guarantee that a dam isn't going to break and destroy an entire village killing thousands instantly. That's happened before too, go look up the Banqiao dam, but you don't see me posting about how dams are super dangerous and we should use different forms of energy.We have proven with both Fukushima and Chernobyl that is a nuclear power plant melts down it can be contained. Hell, more people have died in that one dam break I mentioned than all nuclear incidents in the world. So much for your "dangerous energy source".
You forgot the long term effects of nuclear meltdowns. Children near chernobyl still get cancer, etc.
I feel I have to clarify here that "nuclear incidents" means from power plants, not weapons.
so, instead of a couple of nuclear power plants, you want to destroy the countryside with wind turbines, dams, solar panel arrays and more? eh, ok m8
I would rather have coal smog destroy my lungs and the environment because I don't understand it.I would rather have coal mines tearing apart mountains and forests.Wind and solar power work everyone!!!! 1!1 We only need to keep power off when there's an overcast or its not windy.ok OP, you win
Plus Chernobyl's explosion distributed fallout over the entirety of Europe and is responsible for thousands of thyroid cancers across the EU. Doesn't matter if your country handles nuclear safely when one thousands of miles away can fuck your shit uphttp://www.who.int/ionizing_radiation/chernobyl/backgrounder/en/
They aren't even feasible yet.
coal is green energyTopkek m8
Because green is entirely feasible for large scale countries.
Fuck you. With the decision germany made, they are spewing their air with more radioactive uranium and deadly carbon microparticulates than ever before, because their "green energy" does NOT work. They buiding solar effectively means that they are building coal plants.Wanna know why? Solar and wind are not stable enough for industrial production.  Industrial needs power 24/7 though customers also need power 24/7, or would you be okay with your power company giving you power outages EVERY NIGHT?. A solar power plant is not going to produce power 100% of the time. Neither is wind. That means that they need what is called load-following power plants to accompany them, so that when the sun is not shining or the winds are not blowing that is, the night, unsunny days, calm days, perhaps 60% of the time, the other, non-green plant is going to chug on on those times[1].So, now that we have established that building solar/wind == building coal, let's see why coal is bad.But what's wrong with coal, the climate change is obviously the making of the jewsEven if you did not believe in climate change which I do, btw, coal plants are still bad. Why, you ask? Well, that's because they are one of the only plants generating MORE radioactive waste than nuclear plants, and releasing it to the ATMOSPHERE[2]. Yes, that's right. building coal means you spew radioactive waste to the air, in stead of trapping it in sturdy, end-of-the-world-resistant containers. Seems quite stupid, right? And that is not all. Additionally to the radioactive ash coal produces, the exhaust gases from the coal plants also produce microparticulates though I don't know if this is the right word, since I'm not a native speaker, which are one of the biggest killers in developed countries [3] .CONT
And fishers who live near dams have their livelihoods destroyed. People who live near wind turbines experience "shadow flicker" that give headaches and interrupt their life. Nothing is perfect.Again, it's the same way with a lot of things. Dams block water to downriver countries too you know.Man, fuck dams.
CONT'Dso, how about that germany of yours? Surely they have not produced any coal, but have magic fairy pixie dust generators ass backup power? WRONG. Germany is currently building coal at the SAME RATE as they are building renewables, and the rate is not likely to stop[4].So, what should we do? If we check out every power source and compare them in respect to which of them 1 produce the least deaths and 2are possible to use in real-world applications, the consensus is clear[5]. Nuclear is our only hope. We should not and can not use any other power source if we want this lifestyle the developed countries have to keep going.So, tl:dr:building solar == building coal.building coal == radiactive fallout, deadly toxic  gases in air, more deaths.- solar == deaths.nuclear == safe.- germany is a fucking stupid and irresponsible country.- OP == faggot.And finally, some sources, since you don't believe what every anon says on the internet or youtube videos, right? RIGHT?[1]Load following power plant, germany needs them:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Load_following_power_planthttp://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2013/10/04/should-other-nations-follow-germanys-lead-on-promoting-solar-power/[2] about coal and radioactive ashhttps://www.scientificamerican.com/article/coal-ash-is-more-radioactive-than-nuclear-waste/[3] about deadly pollutants in coal ashhttp://www.dw.de/study-spells-out-fatal-danger-of-coal-pollution/a-16724254[4] German coal usage highest since 1990http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6470600-77bf-11e3-807e-00144feabdc0.html[5] comparison between different power options http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html
Diminished water flow doesn't kill people and cause birth defects for generations
produces no waste that requires being buried underground for millenniaI don't understand this. Where did you think uranium came from? Thin air? It's mined from the ground, silly.
Wind farms in Australia are built in areas with fucking nothing there. I expect other countries would do the same. You're not bothering anyone if nobody lives thereAnd honestly wind turbines are kind of peaceful anyway
Lose your job or get headaches cause of turbines? Find a new job or moveGet cancer because of radiation? Well youre fucked, sorry.
Diminished water flow doesn't kill peopleShit, I guess people didn't need water to drink or for crops. How stupid of me. I guess all those failing crops in California are just failing because it's so damn hot over there.
The long-term Chernobyl effects are greatly overappreciated. Also, they are nowhere near the annual deaths of, say the deaths in Germany alone from coal plants.So, one year of energy production in Germany is a greater disaster than Chernobyl. But yeah, let's build coal since it's traditional, and fun, and deadly, right?
apart from the wildlife
long ass pasta nobody is gonna readTopkek
Nuclear isn't sustainable either limited amount of uranium and shit, but for the coming decades it's the best option.In the mean time we should refine our sustainable energy and make sure they are actually green and effective enough.Most important thing is to kill off usage of fossil fuels completely though.Oil industry needs to be forcefully destroyed because they will never give up their power willingly.
California is peppered with lakes and reservoirs, nobody is relying on a dammed river for water. Food is available to be imported from other non-drought affected states. And nobody is dying either.Pretty shit example m8
building solar == building coal.This is already where you are wrong
This will never happen because companies like Goldman Sachs run the world. They only care about money.
High-level waste is a whole lot more dangerous than uranium ore.
If it means wildlife around coal plants aren't getting suffocated any more, I can live with wildlife getting displaced a few hundred meters away from wind turbines
That's why "terrorism" is the only option.Of course it's only terrorism in the eyes of the 1%.It would be doing the rest of the world a favour.
You missed the point of my example. California has the infrastructure in place to take a loss of water. But what about a country with no such infrastructure that happens to be downriver of a country with a dam? You were all a-blu-blu-blu about someone else being to fuck other people up, I'm surprised you didn't think of that.
And can potentially be used by bad actors to create weapons, so has to be guarded for eternityAt least it keeps security in a job for thousands of years I guess
I love nuclear energy.I'll love other alternatives when they are actually reasonable.
So we're talking about a hypothetical non-existent country then, that's badly affected by hydro energy. When it actually happens I guess I'll have to reconsider my position.
It is true in the country that OP chose as an example, that is, Germany.
High level waste is more accurately known as unprocessed fuel.
Same shit is happening in Victoria, Australia, the second largest state. It's over 90% powered by brown coal, much dirtier than black coal which other states use, and nobody gives a shit or is interested in alternatives.
Germany builds wind-power en masse since Fukushima, not solar. Solar-boom is already over for years.
And you're using a Soviet-era disaster as a basis for all modern nuclear power plant meltdowns. So I guess you assume the Apollo program was also a failure, Germany is still in crippling economic depression, and all governments around the world have collapsed.When a nuclear power plant not run by the biggest failure of a country in the past century has a major disaster that results in more than 10 lives lost, I'll perhaps remember you and think, "Hey, maybe he was right." But since that will never happen, I'll just laugh at you right now instead.
Nuclear energy isn't so bad in theory. Germany is a peaceful country. We don't get strong earthquakes, we don't get tsunamis, we don't get hurricanes, we don't have volcanos, etc. The worst thing that happens is some floodings in the east part of Germany, but I guess you have the entire rest of the country to build power plants then. I see only two problems with nuclear power plants: the nuclear waste which takes thousands of years to decompose, and terrorists targeting power plants. The second one would have sounded silly until a year ago, but it's a real threat now. Green energy - some citizens here actually complained they don't want wind turbines because "they're ugly to look at". Like wow. Fuck you people. You're acting like the little backwards shit village you live in is this natural habit of flora and fauna, a beautiful sight that needs to be preserved. But it's not. Holy fuck every place in Germany looks exactly the same. If I went 1km outside this town, I couldn't tell you whether I'm in Bavaria or Saxony or near Berlin. These wind turbines actually define the environment some more. But yeah, Germany abandoned nuclear power and now it relies a lot on coal power which wasn't exactly the goal. China is building tons of nuclear power plants and they seem to be ok. For now. Can't wait until an earthquake hits their plants
The point about needing follow-up coal plants is true for wind also, though, and that's what matters.
No, it isn't.It's used nuclear fuel and byproducts of nuclear reprocessing.
Ecofags are literally like vegans.They don't really care about the big picture, they just want the immediate satisfaction of 'doing the good deed'.Wind turbines, hydroelectric plants and the other shit mess with wildlife, landscape and are overall an eyesore. But they don't care about that. They just want le green power, because green HAS to be good, right? God damn bunch of shitters.
the fuel is still mostly there, about 95-99% of it is not consumed. Therefore it is clever to say it is unprocessed fuel, as it the 1-5% that is waste needs to be taken out and after that it is fuel.
You need follow-up power, but that doesn't need to come from coal. Just because Germany doesn't do it right does not mean it can't be done better.
Im vegan also. If everyone on the planet was vegan we could support every human being with food, twice.
overall an eyesoreThey're not even built near civilisation 99% of the time. And holy shit how narrow minded do you have to be to think "Gee, those wind turbines sure are blocking my view of the unremarkable agricultural paddock they were built in. I sure wish they weren't there and I was choking on carcinogenic coal waste instead."
Plus there wouldn't be droughts like the one in California at the moment because we wouldn't have to devote 1000s of gallons of scarce water to producing a single pound of meat.
Which is a very costly process and actually doesn't really reduce the long-time highly radioactive materials in it.
No, but the follow-up WILL be either coal, gas or  nuclear or burning trees/biomass, but that's mostly as deadly as coal. Nuclear is out from being follow-up plants, since greenfags gonna green and muh opinions, and you could just build nuclear if you went for it as follow-up plants. Coal is not good because of the reasons I listed above in the hueg post, and  gas is only adequate, as it too creates CO2, not to mention that not every country has a fuckload of gas available. In Europe it is Russia and their fuckery that you will be dependent on, elsewhere it is something else.Therefore, I think nuclear is the way to go. Renewables would be nice, of course, but they just aren't a realistic option. Compare the CO2 per capita of Germany and France, for example, or the electric prices.
Lack of animal protein is bad. Also we are soon getting to point where lab. meat is possible.Also merkel herself said green energy was failure.Because of following1. battery technology is terrible2. solar panels can get destroyed by single leaf on panel3. It is horribly ineffective for any industry.4. Expensive to make and maintain Green energy is only good if you are living off-grid or something.
The visual part is just an annoyance, sure. But they really fuck over the local wildlife AND bird migration. Stop pretending that the green solutions are somehow harmless.
In order of priorities, I would put bird migration and local wildlife below slowly heating the planet, flooding major coastal cities and making large parts of landmass uninhabitable.
The greens are useful idiots of the highest order. Instead of dropping Russian gas completely they managed to shut down nuke plants and kept Putin in power for another decade.
Also merkel herself said green energy was failure.trusting her on anything
centuriesOh yes that is certainly something we can quantify and have been able to quantify considering we have been using nuclear power since the 1700s.
There wouldn't be drought? What? The majority of the water is used for fruit/nuts/rice and similar shit.
Point taken. That is why we should look into MSRs, which have tremendously easier fuel processing and much lower radioactive waste production, as well as the benefit of the waste being radioactive for a much shorter time on the timescale of hundreds or years, as opposed to thousands or tens of thousands. Terrestial Energy, for example, seems likely to succeed in the coming years as it 1 uses a fuel that is not really new uranium and 2 It has great financial backing.
Renewables would be nice, of course, but they just aren't a realistic optionYet. And that's where the main problem lies, it's still too early to go full green power.
If international sanctions that have brought the ruble to its knees and exponentially increased the cost of living for everyone weren't enough to unseat Putin, I doubt dropping their gas would. Decreasing standards of living only bolstered Putin's popularity, such is the power of propaganda
Yes, but I think that the "full green" phase comes after either fission has been made adequate to even the greens in terms of waste longevity and safety, we have all died of climate change or some other power plant design is better than green energy, leading to green being obsolete in all cases.
It's also too early go full nuclear power since all the safe, less waste-producing reactor designs are a long way from being ready.
Alfalfa is grown solely as feed for livestock, to produce meat. Pretty much anything that isn't fruit or nuts is meat-related in California, even if it isn't directly labelled as suchhttp://www.businessinsider.com.au/real-villain-in-the-california-drought-isnt-almonds--its-red-meat-2015-4http://www.alternet.org/environment/exposing-meat-industrys-major-role-causing-californias-water-crisis
Germany still uses greennuclear is green
Nope. It is the safest option we have, and gen IV plants are quite close. Also, gen III plants are so safe that it would take a meteor strike to wipe them out, and when that happens we have bigger problems to think of.Also, the waste problem is not really a problem, since it is usable fuel for some gen IV reactor types, coming in the next decades, and is quite dense in the sense that it doesn't take much space to store. Would you rather have radioactive materials in containers that are proven to be effective at shielding you and the waste, or in the atmosphere, where you and everyone else can happily breathe it and get cancer that being because of coal plants?
Why not both? Green energy is becoming more and more efficient, but if even half the time was invested in nuclear it would be many times more efficient and just as safe though it pretty much is already. But that doesn't mean we should neglect one or the other when both are so readily available. Green energy could meet our commercial needs but technology will keep advancing to the point that we will need nuclear or fusion power.
Do you believe in the no CO2 myth?Which ignores all the CO2 costs involved in building and maintaining nuclear reactors, uranium mining and transport, fuel processing, waste processing, etc.
This, also there is NOTHING bar maybe fusion power as efficient as nuclear power.
i don't know an awful lot about energy, but when i'm driving and see a bank of wind turbines on the horizon i think a they look inoffensive, starkly pretty even and b it's good there's however much less shit being put into the air and water as a result of them being therelike, it's just harnessing 'stuff that happens anyway' and making power out of it, and not destroying stuff and creating pollutants for energy
Merkel has a degree in physics :^
adds about 1c/kWh to the price of electricityvery costlyYou're also completely wrong about the reduction of long life highly radioactive stuff.
And a degree in being a lying cunt and sucking up to America.
Do *you* believe in the no CO2 myth? Because there's CO2 involved for solar, wind and hydro too, as well as nuclear. Rare earths are pretty bad.
you fell for the anti nuclear propaganda.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmJN-LMPnX0
Did I say there a no costs involved in that too?But nuclear power advocates love to list the costs involved in creating solar panels but completely ignore most of the costs of nuclear power plants.
Get rekt faggothttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life-cycle_greenhouse-gas_emissions_of_energy_sourcesinb4 WikipediaThe charts are from IPCC, have fun trying to disprove them.Wind is the only one nearly as good as nuclear, and it has other qualities it not being useful, sound issues causing health issues, not usable in cold countries during winter, see Sweden and freezing propeller blades that make nuclear the best choice.
I don't. I just looked it up again though, and nuclear solar pv too is a bit lower than I thought.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life-cycle_greenhouse-gas_emissions_of_energy_sources
Wind turbines are a net loss, it's a scam to pocket huge amounts of government money. They genuinely do not offset the cost to build and maintain them in their lifetime, they do not pay for themselves, EVER.Only small private windmills approach usefulness, the large ones that you see destroying the countryside don't help in the slightest. Is nuclear that way? I don't know, seems like when it goes wrong it goes wrong in a big way. What I do know though is that our current windmill technology is most definitely NOT the way forward
And honestly wind turbines are kind of peaceful anywayi thought they were unbearably loud?
I can already see the incoming shitstorm when fusion will make "green" energy obsolete, costing a lot of money to dismantle...
They rotate as softly as a cloud.
We aren't talking about fantasy you moron.
when it goes wrong it goes wrong in a big wayThat's the most retarded way possible of looking at it. Check the damage and pollution against the amount of power produced.
Are you talking about energy or money?
green energy
And it will make our nuclear plants obsolete too. Nuclear plants are way more expensive to dismantle and it takes fucking centuries to do
Is there a change the shaft could bend?
Nuclearplantsareshit.jpg *insert image of chernobyl*
At which point fission will just be used for medicine, space travel power, etc. I'm okay with that. Fusion is pretty god tier. Trouble is it's also pipe dream tier at the moment.
I'm waiting for the day we can manufacture femtomachinery and then manipulate gravitational fields to create perpetual motion wheels and just gather energy from that.
Not really. When it fails it usually does so catastrophically. See 
yfw when I live in a city built next to a huge gravel ridge that is practically a fountain for Radon, and the background radiation here has always been more than twice, and some places three times as high as reported in the fukushima area. Centuries of people living here, and still not any more cancer than elsewhere
lying on the internet
German "Engineering"
rising populationmaking energy production less efficient
its the year and they STILL insist on using nuclear energy while germany will use 100% green energy by 2030Why are you so stupid? Green energy is the futureMan, people against nuclear energy are the worst. My colleges nuclear/chemistry department constantly have to remove desecrated pro nuclear energy signs.
Sounds pretty scientific m8 and not totally anecdotalDon't be jelly just because you don't have a poop shelf
tfw greenfags will continue to ruin the countryside over thisCheers
Not him, but here's an interesting data point:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramsar,_Mazandaran
But what about us brain-dead slobs?
I live far away and am completely unaffected by this, but gee golly it makes me mad
Because governments make it hard for you to be self-sufficient.install solar panels on YOUR HOUSEneed permitneed to pay moneyprice of electricity goes up because jews want money  and they have to deal with lowered consumption
When you assign green energy to be the future I will be affected by this
yfw residential electricity usage only makes up about a third of total consumption
I live in west wales, UK and I've been here for the last thirty years. Over the last fifteen years or so I've seen windmills being constructed all over the valley tops, in all sorts of different sizes and shapes, you'd be surprised how much variety there is. I can't talk about how well they actually work, that isn't something I know about. I can tell you that they are ugly, destroy the skyline and scenery and anyone who tells you that they are silent is talking out of their asshole. These things are absolutely everywhere here now, everywhere, you can not look down this valley in any direction and fail to see multiple windmills. Do you know how many trees they have to cut down to make an area to install a single windmill? It's a lot, trees aren't allowed within a large distance of these turbines, the valleys are dotted with areas where the trees have been cleared away, leaving bare ground with a fucking windmill in the middle of it and these things are everywhere and there are more all the time.That is genuine observable damage to the environment and yet nobody gives a shit because all the people calling for more windmills don't live where they're being built. You know what happens when you cut down a large patch of trees on the side of a valley? The next time it rains heavily, there's a good chance a lot of that soil is coming down the valley to meet you, but none of you fucks hear about that do you? There isn't a window in my house that you can't see at least one windmill from and individually they do fuck all. My energy costs haven't come down thanks to them, nobodies have. Windmills are like liberal ideology, it doesn't work, doesn't HAVE to work, you just have to look like you're making the effort and then feel good about it, real world effects be damned.
anti-matter annihilation is pretty much 100% matter into energy
I agree
Yes, but that's not really a power source, it is a power storage method. You still have to make the antimatter. In contrast, fission/fusion fuels have already been created in the hearts of the stars, so we don't need power to produce those.
My energy costs haven't come down thanks to them, nobodies have.Wind power isn't about reducing cost, it's about reducing externalities of other methods of power generation https://www.skepticalscience.com/true-cost-of-coal-power.htmlWindmills are like liberal ideology, it doesn't workYou don't like the way they look, your power bill hasn't come down not that wind power was ever intending to do that, so you've decided they don't work. Have you considered you might be stupid?
2015Thinks green energy is not about driving prices up so high that poor people have to move elsewhere.The Gerries just want the uderclasses to have to move to Eastern Europe so they don't have to bother rounding them up and gassing them.
Your post would otherwise be fine, but making more wind power actually makes more coal/gas plants, it doesn't remove them. This makes it a net negative on all aspects, be it environmental or just when thinking about filling the enrgy demand. It's a mighty fine bubble you live in, but it isn't real. Have you considered not being stupid?
Oh I see, destruction of the environment, noise pollution, destroying the scenery, lowered house prices and damage to the rivers and buildings of the valley are worth it where I live so that you can feel better where you live. Understood, thanks. I'm not arguing against green energy you great fucking plum, I'm arguing specifically against windmills, there are alternatives which don't cause this must damage to my fucking country.
Yeah huge nuclear plants make for such a better view.
The nearest background radiation monitoring station is reporting 0.289 microsieverts/h currently and it's a a metric fuckmile away from the radon area. Radon ejection fans for the basements sell pretty well. For comparison, the most current reading from a bit south of fukushima no-go zone is only 230µSv/h according to the latest measurement.
implying nuclear power plants use the same amount of space per unit power produced as windmillsI see you are mathematically challenged, anon.
Oh wow a real kinda tech discussion
implying nuclear power plants aren't much much uglier implying you wouldn't rather live near some windmills than a nuclear reactor or waste repository
/sci/Fucking noobs.
implying power plants have to be built next to my house or even anywhere near civilisationWindmills however get put up right next to your house if you're unlucky. There's even land getting force-ably purchased for that purpose so even if you own your own property, if they want to put a windmill there you have no say in the matter and will be paid below market value for the plot. Windmills benefit nobody.
Its just right now cause they turned all plants off.turn all the power plants off to be "green"other countries work 10 times as hard and produce 10 times as much pollution to carry your assSure is a green idea.
or even anywhere near civilisationAnywhere in densely populated countries like Germany is somewhat near to civilization.And why would you have to built wind farms near civilization but not power plants?
And why would you have to built wind farms near civilizationI've no idea but they are, they get built overshadowing people's houses around here. Why aren't they being built somewhere else? No fucking idea.
animal life is flourishing in chernobyl and old people still live therem-muh green energy
Because wind power takes so much space that you have to have them everywhere. With nuclear, they can be concentrated in a small area, 30 km away from farms so that it isn't even an eyesore.
NSFL/reddit/
Nuclear power isn't efficient at all, mate. They just heat air like every else and let it cycle around. It's efficiency isn't even at 20%
So... thats what happens when you live near China, you buy greenshit cheaply, contaminating a shit ton more and you look like you're in the mutherfucking future or something.
I don't know about European power consumption, but how the fuck are we supposed to power the US entirely on green energy? We need 11 million MWh a day currently, and it's only going to go higher. We'll either need to cover the entirety of our deserts in solar panels and then make fucking gigantic battery banks for storing that overnight, or we could switch to thorium-based nuclear reactors when they're ready. Most likely we'll just run coal and oil until we run out of both.
It is more than solar/wind, though.
Using wind for power which occasionally stops.Why not just design it in a certain way with weaights so it relies on gravity which doesn't stop to keep it spinning?
not putting a couple of square kilometers large system of solar panels in saharaenough energy for whole world
tbh I'd like for the coal industry to make a comeback it could help this country quite a bit
nightwhole world now doesn't have energy
Maybe that's the reason Gemany is so green, our wild life is a joke.Nevertheless, nuclear power plants are risky, we already had several close calls and accidents in the last decades.Kids around some reactors have a higher chance to suffer from leukemia. Especially in certain places where apparently some incidents occured at some point, where the leukemia cases are trippled.
not even a nibble
nightwhole world
sahara
that image is of Hisashi Ouchi, who had his full body right over an experimental reactor when it went critical due to human errornice strawmanhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokaimura_nuclear_accident#In_1999
well germans are doing it already fuck those nazis are genious
And it had hundreds of billions of government funding over half a century. A lot more than any other of the newer power sources.
If Nuclear energy was called something else it would be much more popular.discuss
I think if people bothered to learn what actually happened at Chernobyl instead of assuming nuclear = bad, it'd be more popular
strawmen are green energy :^
New Zealand gets 85% of their power from green energy.And it costs fucking heaps.
There is no lack of food, it is only a matter of distribution.Besides, do we need to support every human being? The population is too big for most of the third world's governmental infrastructure to handle.
That is because it was and is promising and delivers. Wind still isn't profitable, even though it has been around for centuries. In where I live, wind power receives 3X electricity price per kWh as support for every kWh it produces. Doesn't seem like a good idea, right? At the same time, nuclear receives NO financial support from the government, since it IS profitable. The government funding was and is an investment, not a gift. In the same way that investing in shit is not wise, investing in solar/wind would not be wise if not for the bullshit tariffs governments keep giving them.For example, in Germany alone wind is being supported by 20 billion dollars every year. And the amount just keeps growing with more capacity.
Is there something like the Clean Energy Project but for other technologies besides solar panel efficiency?http://cleanenergy.molecularspace.org/Would such a thing even be possible, like calculating efficient wind systems or something like that?
I'm from Germany and I wish we would use only nuclear energy, since we have to buy it from france now. Also on some days we produce too much "green energy" and have to give it to the swiss for free only to sell it back a few hours later.
not knowing he can't survive without radiation.
nuclear receives NO financial support from the governmentAre you retarded?Nuclear recieves billions from the government.
BC has hydro? Lol.
Go back to reddit you humongous faggot
mfw people in this thread dont know coal power is pretty fuckin clean.only waste that coal plants have is underbeds for roads, plaster and about 200 PPM NOx/normal cubic meter of exhaust
In some regions of the world its actually true. Hurricanes can cause a lot of devastation as well as tornadoes. And heat strokes due to solar exposure are a diamond a dozen in the states alone. Also riddle me this. If the sun is so safe why do so many people die in the deserts. Atheists:1Christian greys:0
Not in where I live, no. Sure, here it is built publicly, but it does not receive any tariffs. While it may be built on public money, it is a profitable venture, one that produces money eventually, I think the plants we have have paid themselves back. So no, it is not getting financial support.
I don't know where you live but it sounds like buy the bullshit of power companies that reap all the profits and pay little of the costs.R&D and construction of nuclear reactors is heavily publicly funded in most countries, processing and storing waste, security and safety is usually carried by the government too.
mfw OP baited everyone
mfw it's not even bait it's just that 90% of this shit site is reddit trash now
I hope you realise that the production of photovoltaic cells is far more damaging to the environment than a safely operated nuclear reactor. It also generates less energy and needs far more area to generate as much as a nuclear reactor.Now that 4th generation nuclear power plants are starting to become viable, they will be pretty much fool-proof because the reactor would shut down by reactant starvation at any overheat or critical condition. All the nuclear power plants that failed have been old, unsafe designs. They have all been discussed as unsafe to operate, and there are multiple in operation to this day because there's such a huge stigma against nuclear power, but we NEED that energy. People like YOU are the reason that there are still unsafe nuclear reactors in operation to this day because you prevent building new, MUCH safer reactors than old, poorly maintained high-pressure BWRs.
buying into the windturbine jewbeing china's slave for rare earth elements dysprosium,neodynium and in the process pollute HUGE amount of land and ground waterliking horizon pollutionlike killing sigificant numbers of endangered birds n bats so you can have your spinny toy meme generatorlike wasting large amounts of copper for the generator and wiring to EACH INDIVIDUAL generator.You fucking weapons grade-stupid leftist make my blood boil.
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or if you're American.
Meant for
Meant for
melt-down costs included, you can get the same energy for half the cost why do you want to waste money on solar panels when meltdowns almost never happen
undeniable evidence of man-made climate changeoil spill fucks up the entire gulf of mexicotsunami causes Fukushima meltdown that was comparably cleaner and easier to maintainpeople are still more scared of nuclear than fossil fuels
The fuck is "green energy" sounds like some bullshit PSA slogan. Whats so "green" about energy. Why not blue energy?
B-but muh radiation!
The Chernobyl meltdown accounted for 50 deaths so far, at most.
nuclear energybadenenews shill pls go
This is what retards actually believe
ITT Retards not realizing nuclear power is a dead end technology
"Green energy"Shit loads of copper neededShit loads of rare earth metals neededShit loads of chemicals needed for the battery thingeys neededNot to mention the fumes that are released when another of those blastic :DD fuckers catches fire againMUH XXXX IS DEPRECATED
top fatpost
"Nucular POWA"Unsafe to handle can fuck up entire continentsNeeds loads of space for nuclear wasteIs Stoneage technologyNot space suitableUran needs to be imported from shit countriesDie already gramps
tried too hard
Nucularyou motherfucker
Got this after resetting it.  I don't suppose there is any way around this is there?
Nope. Now fuck off nigger.
Did you forget your password? Try contacting Apple support.
Just put in your apple ID, you can remove it afterwards.

Hey /g/, I just bought a late 2009 MacBook with an Intel Core 2 Duo CPU for about 125 GBP 173 EUR, 189 USD to replace my old 2006 Intel Core Duo 32 bit MacBook.How much did I screw up?
Did you install gentoo?
you bought a decent era macbook with decent specs at a decent price cheaper than most people pay for equivalent thinkpads, anywayyou did okay, op
125 good boy points for some shit heap that was slow even for 2009 standardsYou fucked up britbong.
No, I'm going to dualboot Fedora pre-22 since they fucked everything up trying to make a transition from YUM to DNF like I am on my current MacBook on my main I have Gentoo compiled though, some i7 HP trash pcThought so as well. It can even run Yosemite, so it's decently up to date as a PC for only school/work.It's never really been slow though. Also I'm not British, I'm Polish, thanks bro.
Also I'm not British, I'm Polishthan stop flooding uk
Nah it's okay OP.
than
We don't want you in the UK m8, why do you think we're threatening to pull out of the EU?
FUCK OFF WE'RE FULL
Sorry unlike that guy I'm turkish and I don't even know how to speak proper english sometimes.
you did good OP b/c it isn't a PPC model. Also because its older you shouldn't have too many issues with whatever distro you plan on nuking MacOS with
I'm not anywhere near your nanny state of a country.I used GBP as first example because that's what the price was online. I live in Poland. Also, the reason your threatening to pull out of EU is because you're too busy with all your sandniggers and banning anything that seems to adult to the juvenile public that doesn't even allow weapons for self defense in a country so riddled with crime it makes Poland seem like Norway with teddy bears, and you know EU wouldn't tolerate that. Go back to your dictator, his majesty, David Cameron and suck his cock a little more, britbongs.
being poorstill buying apple shityou know you'll have to pay as much just for the yearly developer fee, right?that's assuming you'll be using it for making iphone apps, otherwise you're just retarded.
I thought the price was insanely low for a mint condition 64 bit MacBook, and I really love the design of it, makes it a perfect laptop for me, cheap but gorgeous. I plan on dualbooting Fedora and Yosemite, maybe Gentoo and Yosemite if I get time. I'll probably see if I can throw in 8 GB of RAM and a 1 TB HDD too.
if you run into problems with fedora PM me on FedoraForums @atgogggg. I have a 2015 Retina single booted with fedora and will help you out with some of the research
Will do. My only problem with Fedora now is fucking DNF. I hate it so bad.
I'm on 21 with YUM until they get that figured out. YUM is pretty much the only reason I stay with fedora and I'm a little butthurt that they're moving on
He should send his wife back.
paint it black, so when the Somalians come, they'll lose it in their hands
I don't know difference between jewelry, sorry.
Sorry but we Europeans lost interest since you became just another Tunisia and haven for subhumans, and I've already been in Tunisia, looked same but they had better carpets here at least.
all these people insulting my nationality on a tech board/g/ has diedsays the guy with Gentoo ThinkPad he bought for 200 USD with inferior specs compared to my mint condition 2009 MacBook that runs Linux and Unix.
Hopefully the battery lasts longer than it takes to make your mom orgasm.
Remember to turn off transparency in Yosemite if you appreciate lag when resizing/scrolling windows. It's noticeable on programs that use translucency when scrolling like Finder, Safari or Preview. It's not as pretty without translucency but it's faster.
, bDoubtfully, my mum is a typically Polish whore. They get paid to last long for touristsTranscluency is and transparency isn't that nice in my opinion, I turned it off in Snow Leopard too.
paying more than 80 eur for thatinstalling linux on itThe rubber on the bottom will melt even with OSX, kurwa.
Nah, I use desktop and smartphone, notebooks are clunky undersized desktops and tablets are just oversized gimped smartphones.
Matter of preference, but I'd seriously consider going for a 256GB or larger SSD instead of a 2.5" mechanical. OSX really benefits from it, especially with older models
A SSD can also save a lot of battery, which I could imagine is important on an old Laptop.
Why on earth would you buy a 6 year old computer? For £125?Another one falls to the Apple retard camp.Seriously, you could have bought a competent Thinkpad X220 with a modern CPU, shell that wont break after two drops, and battery life past 3 hours.You fucked up bad
The iPhone 4 can also run iOS 8 but that doesn't mean it's not a laggy piece of shit
It has a brand new battery, battery life is much better.The problem with the ThinkPad x220 is that it's clunky, ugly, has a shit matte screen le anti glare, aka less colours, redundant shit like a card reader and a VGA port, SHITTY AS FUCK mousepad, horrible housefire laptop version of the i7 CPU, horrible DVD drive, and it comes with Windows natively. For 125 quid, I got the best laptop you could get
:O I thought that apple product are perfectly lagless optimized and perfect after all this lagdroid memeing ;
the iPhone 4 can't run iOS 8, it limits at iOS 7. I have an iPhone 4S that runs iOS 8 and I've never experienced lag, fag. lern2computer
Mechanical HDD + old CPU = unpleasantnessEven my 2010 i5 MBP was probably at least 2x faster after I swapped out the stock 5400 2.5" HDD a 128GB SSD
Funny, I know someone with a 4S with iOS 8 and it's a laggy piece of shit.My friend used a iPhone 4 with iOS 7 as a temporary phone his Note 2 broke. He said fuck it and bought a Note 4 because it's so terrible on iOS 7.
clunky, uglyI wasn't aware you were a 20 year old white girl who purchases electronics based on how good they look next to her Starbucks frappe.Matte/Shiny is a personal preference. Colors look fine with the IPS screen. Card reader is pretty useful if you want some extra space, and it doesn't take up any room or power. As for the CPU, most laptops come with the i5 that is far superior to a Core2Duo. It doesn't even have a DVD drive. And what the fuck does it matter if it comes with Windows if you said you were going to install Fedora anyway? It has far better linux support than your toy laptop.VGA port is redundant, true. And the mousepad is terrible, but the touchpoint is better anyway.
iPhone 4S* and I use to own one on iOS 8 that was laggy as shit.
ClunkyDVD DriveHouse fire ProcUsing the Touchpad and not nippleYou...you literally have no fucking clue what model thinpad he's talking about do you?
I'd like it if it didn't have such an ass resolution.
How much do you charge for plumbing repairs m8?
/pol/
pretty badly. It doesn't run the latest OS X and if its the one i own it's not very straightforward to put linux on it AND it runs like shit.
There where no PPC macbooks, they where all power/ibooks. All macbooks to date are intel.
I paid less than $100 for my chinkpad of the same era.
It's the same resolution...
It's literally never lagged on my iPhone, it works fine. Maybe because I prefer to do programming/computing shit on a computer and not a phone, I got my iPhone 4S for free and I only use it for net browsing, emails, social media, calls and texts. I want to be able to carry it without unpleasantness.My preference is glossy. I don't even own any SD cards anymore.it doesn't even have a DVD driveLenovo technical specifications say differently. I like OSX and GNU/Linux. I don't like Windows. I like Unix and Linux. I don't care if the Intel Core i5 or i7 are "better", I don't need that computing power for my school and for my work. Touchpoint is horrible, IN MY OPINION. All in all, I bought a laptop that fits perfectly to my needs for almost no money. Again, never had lag.I googled it, it said DVD drive. I stand corrected.The nipple is horrible, in my opinion and it's still clunky with a million redundant ports.Like a pound and hour or some shit, for some of my Polish friends living in Britain. As for me, my job as a data technician makes me well enough money. It DOES run the latest OSX, I think you're confused. It's not the one you own then, I have one of the older ones that can't run Yosemite either, and I agree they're shit, I think they look decent though but that's preferenceBut then it was shittier too, so yeah.
They were probably some of the nicest looking Macs, and you didn't give Apple any money and didn't overpay. You did alright.Enjoy decent OldBook, OP
Upgrade the ram and install Yosemite, then you'll be fine.
It's old tech but can be upgraded and you got it for a low price. You did fine, OP. Get a SSD, max out the ram, enjoy.
the reason your threatening to pull out of EU is because you're too busy with all your sandniggers and banning anything that seems to adultThe actual reason is because tabloid newspapers have been screaming about IMMIGRUNTS for so long that the public distrust the EU. The added pressure of UKIP eating into the Tory vote and the fact that the Conservative party has quite a large Eurosceptic wing is also partly to blame.David Cameron and suck his cock a little more, britbongsActually, 60% of the population didn't vote for Cameron or the Tories. Our democracy in the UK is horribly broken. It won't improve, though, since the major parties benefit from the system we have in place i.e. can rule even when the majority don't vote for them. It's a discussion that isn't meant for /g/ though.
I bought a 2010 White MacBook same as OP but a year newer a while back, and just upgraded to 16GB RAM, which I got for free from a friend, and threw an SSD in there. Runs pretty well.
Hey /g/, I just bought a late 2009bought2009You bought a computer from 2009? lol
Not OP; It's cheap and runs well if upgraded.
lmao at britfags being BTFOd by a kurwa
adjustable wrenchworking on a 4cyl Probefucking disgusting
You guys know what's up. I thought it was a decent buy, I was surprised by all the people who disagree to be honest. I was hoping the people who disagreed would have some valid points though...He said behind the matte screen of his used Lenovo Chinkpad from 2013I'm surprised that as soon as I mentioned "Poland", /pol/ attacked this thread.
repeating a bunch of reddit-tier generalisations and distortions learned from kurwa tabloids and right wing american websites is neither smart nor clever. uk has a lot of problems but people like you will ever be level-headed enough to see them through your prejudice.
How much did I screw up?You didn't. Enjoy a god-tier machine!
I seriously just bought a 2009 MacBook Pro just to run FL Studio and Logic. $70. All I need to do is upgrade the ram and drop a second hard drive in it.
Fucking shit, I bought a better HP business laptop for 50€
HP betterworth 50 EURThe only thing that makes a HP lappy worth 50 EUR would be the RAM and HDD. HP hasn't made a good laptop in many, many years. Hope you bought fire-insurance
The cooling is alright, idle temps are 35C
dualboot Fedora pre-22 since they fucked everything up trying to make a transition from YUM to DNFYou're an idiot. Dnf is a godsend.
I googled itSo: You have no idea what the fuck you're talking about and are pulling your opinion right out your ass?Good To Know.I have my x220 right here and you are full of shit. I have also handled the 09 macbook and while it was nice when it came it: A C2D mac is a terrible idea, and the 09' gets DISGUSTING because of how terribly its bottom piece was designed.
...some HP i7 trash machine Guaranteed that hp is faster than your ancient c2d
You did good OP, it's one of the most beautiful laptops ever made, runs the latests OS and was a bargain. Put an SSD in it and it'll fly. I've always wanted one tbh
The 9400M is shit and will probably die soon. Why didn't you just get a used MBA?
that same assume money can buy thinkpad x220
What's the next big thing?Current big thing:Cloud storage
IoT.I have already started investing in companies that are working on it. I should be able to retire in about 5 to 7 years at the age of 34-36. Feels pretty nice, actually.
This.Too bad I'm too young to have enough money to invest. Welp.
tfw you used cloud storage before it became cool

Cloud computing.Don't worry about upgrading fees normies, you can now play any gaym you want at $50/mdon't have much space at home to store a 0.75x0.5x0.5 computer case? starting at $10/m use your computer anywhere anytime without worrying about space or cables
Current big thing:Cloud storageYou're like 5 years behind the times man, the current big thing is usb3 type-C and the next is modular phones.GET ON WITH THE TIMES!
this was better
 Im 23, a young, inexperienced, poor bastard. But dont worry, our generations will have its chances too. Just keep working and educate yourself.
I still use opera for my copypasta
what is loT?All I find on google is LOT polish airlines...
/g/ - Prediction marketWhat's the next big thing?Cloud everything. One work environment on all of your devices. Microsoft is trying it out with Universal apps but it may take a while more to get right.
what is loT?Internet of Things. Toasters, refrigerators, etc., connected to the internet.
What's the next big thing?Monarchy.
Pretty much this IoT, home automation etc
Wearable tech.3D printing.  Longer lasting batteries.
Something p2p.
Longer lasting batteries.never
now your toaster is a botnetNo fucking thanks
I am in the same boat, but normies after some good marketing will be all over this shit. It will be big in the real world.
How do you know which companies will come out ahead? Like all things in tech there is gonna be a Big Filter type event where only 10% of the companies will come out successful and the rest will tank.
If you're just jumping in briefly, only to make a quick million or two or 10 before the market gets saturated, then you don't have to bet on a winner.
People like simplicity. Does anyone really care if your toaster uses machine learning algorithms connected to your profile in the cloud to figure out exactly what kind of toast you want today? No.IoT is a meme. It's not gonna be anywhere near as popular as you'd think.
IoT is a memeNope. It will be an absolutely perfect playground for advertisers. Your fridge will tell you that you are about to run out of milk, and then give you a sponsored suggestion about a certain brand of milk on sale at a certain grocery store within driving distance.Honestly, the possibilities for advertisers are endless.And it will be cancer.
Internet of things
Absolutely delusional.
They said the same about cloud everything
Yes you are, my friend. Yes you are :
Robotic hookers and virtual reality.
Paying your bills on the Information Superhighway.
The only thing propelling IoT is you shoving it down people's throats desperate to receive return on your poor investment decisions.
Calm down, goyim. I won't ever use it, and neither should you, but general public will, and there is nothing that you can do about it. The marketing machine is way too strong.
BitcoinAnd I'm not joking
To the mooooon!!
tfw this is the age where i can buy 3$ wifi chips, copy-paste some other peoples code on it and then i can put them any fucking wheretfw now i dont have to care about cable ducts and shit when i deploy all kinds of sensors in the house, i am designing my own next-level alarm system just for shits and giggles
Something like this?http://www.miniinthebox.com/cc1101-wireless-module-for-arduino_p1240809.html
The final form of botnet. Tfw you'll be thrown in jail for what you toast
HBM.And to make a further prediction:Fiji XT comes out and /g/ lambasts it because "lol 4 gigs" and its price tagShit talks how awful HBM is7-8 months later when Nvidia comes out with Pascal using HBM"Wow, this HBM stuff is amazing!"
If you think the "next big thing" is something as technical as HBM you're not thinking enough like a marketing guy.99% of people don't give a shit about that.
 tfw Plan 9 did cloud computing before you were born
What's the next big thing?Services that are sheltered from the prying eyes of government.It's about time for Necronomicon to come about.  I guess it will be in the form of the new Mega.Also, 90's fashion is coming back.  Cargo shorts, looser clothing.
90's fashion is coming back.  Cargo shorts, looser clothingI wish.
Stop saying "general public" as if you're not one of them. We are the general public. Everyone hates ads or shopping suggestions and all that crap, not just "power users" or whatever other high horsed label you give yourself. People just put up with it because there aren't other options or they don't know how to block it or turn it off.Firstly, IoT won't be as good as people would like/expect it to be for at least the next couple decades. It's gonna be a massive disappointment like Google Glass, at least initially. Secondly, even after the tech gits gud, it'll take another decade for a significant number of people to start adopting it.If you've put money into IoT then you're honestly a fucktard. You're literally better off putting everything into AMD and hoping that they get their shit together in the next couple years.Secondly, IoT and cloud and all that actually requires the internet to be good, which is not the case, at least in America, China or India incidentally the only 3 countries that really matter. Google Fiber is fixing that but it'll take another decade.
Previous: CloudCurrent: SmartwatchNext: Connected Home
Data compression
Shit like this already exists in the private sector.  Its only a matter of time before it makes the jump to public products.
I toasted standard wholemeal bread once
I must say, there are people out there who use Internet without adblock or similar things. If a fridge comes out with built in adds, even if they are simply removable, even if the general consumer will be pissed off, as long as they require a single operation to be deactivated they will stay on. Not to talk about dangers of IOT. Let's talk about ramsomwares: "we turned off your fridge's pump. Please, pay 50€ to save your food"
I just don't think anyone is going to spend $2000 on a new fridge just so they don't have to open the door and manually check the milk.For a technology board you guys are 2000 and late on this shit. This is some CNBC armchair investor-tier vision. Nobody gives two fucks about wearables, IoT, or even VR. The future is EEG technology and haptics
have to download AV software for fridgehave to pay extortionate prices for something like Kasperskyalternative is to get free Avast, but get spammed with ads every time you go open your fridge
Cloud Desktops at work. Amazon Workspaces offers huge befits over physical desktops. All you need to give you workers is a crappy comp that's able to launch and connect to Amazon Worspaces and a decent internet connection. The price is very cheap and you can spin up new 'desktops' in mins and it's pre-configured with whatever programs and settings you specify. Say by by to a large on premise tech support =
The Apple Watch, though that's strictly speaking *already* a big thing.The next big thing is probably whatever Apple revolutionizes next.
Cucker Its the next big app!! Essentially cucker is a mobile platform used to find suitable BBC for your gf or wife that just uses you for your money. Its got tons of great features like reminders when its time to get cucked and tips on how to catch and prep your bull.  We are currently working through the details on series A funding. We are taking cucking into the 21st century.
Maybe a low cost vr viewer made from cardboard, but with smooth edges and painted white
next big thingThe singularity.You're not invited.
Like what the fuck. I want to send uncompressed photos of documents to a work group for quick viewing, usually 4 or 5 images at once. We all need to do this but the images come out like goddamn unreadable shit.The images are like max 2mb. Their reasoning is bullshit. I almost want to switch to Lync.Lync is shit though.IT'S 2015 WHY IS THIS AN ISSUE.
Bump for interest.
This is a non-issue. Send links to images, they're more portable and better for all of us.Don't try to justify your phone purchase, I won't eat your bullshit.
It shouldn't be a surprise to you, this is not the first project his team is very stuck up and autistic about.
So /g/, I had a great idea on how to make money. Normies never read the terms and conditions of shit on the internet right?So I would set up an open WiFi spot in a very public area; Times Square or something similar. Make the terms and conditions pretty standard, except they say that, by hitting "accept", you are agreeing to pay $500 dollars for the use of the service. Make that shit iron-clad. My only issue is, how would I acquire the identity of the people connecting to the network. Thoughts?
yeah you are going to take each and every one of them to court for 500$?t&c have to be not retarded also, you aren't allowed to just bury bullshit in the fine print.just put that they have to give you their kidneys or children, see how that goes.YOU ARE FUCKING DUMB
I think you'd need more than just a line in the t&c's to be able to charge. Pretty sure that there are pricing regulations which would dictate how upfront you'd need to be about payment.
does anyone know how to 'pirate' a ps3 to be able to play downloaded games?
/b//v/
If this was a thing, don't you think you would have heard of it? Fucking fuck off you fuck, lurk moar
install CFW/retarded hardware thingtorrent ISOput on hdd???PROFITnow fuck offwhy doesn't sony allow homebrew? It's literally the only reason people buy PSP's
Just put it in special boot mode.pull out power cordkeep power and eject button pressedplug power cord back inIf done correctly you'll enter a special user mode intended to install your own OS.Sony added it as a feature in the hopes that private companies would link PS3s for distributed computing with dah powa of da cell.
This hasn't worked in about three years.
It doesn't even do what I said it does.Holding down the eject button and plugging in the power on old PS3s would make the fan flare up like crazy and it's pretty unhealthy. Best thing I could think of to mess with OP.
just put the iso on a usb anon
I'm gonna make this thread more interestingHas anyone tried doing pic related Build a PC in a PS3 case with modern mITX parts? The newest one I can find is from ~2011, while using clunky old shit like the 3.5" HDD, I'm sure we could do a better job today with all of the low profile, low heat and iGPU shit we have today.
Waste of time and money.Idiot
install gentoowait for emulator
I've thought about doing it, since the fat ps3 case is actually pretty nice lookingI was thinking of modifying the 'Playstation 3' on the side to say 'PCStation 3'especially with thin-itx, putting a system in there would be peanuts
Is there a emulator for the ps3 yet?
Nope. Not likely to ever be with the architecture of that CELL processor.
lol there is Rpcs3
cool project waste of time and moneyIt's like the DIY modding spirit has totally fucking left this community in favor of mindless consumerismSometimes you don't do things because they're practical, you do them because they're interesting / fun / cool
There's a lot of information on what hardware revision to get, what flasher you need and how to do it. I've got a CFW PS3, it was the best gaming related purchase I made last gen. When the PS4 gets hacked I'll get one too.
What would /g/ do if one man tried to DDoS them?
I probably should have said, webm related
Laugh at their pathetic attempt and proceed to DDoS them with the entire Chrome botnet.
Renew IP and carry on.
install hardened gentoo
FLush DNSmfw, i used to do this in League to win easy games
Is it possible to renew my Timewarner Cable IP without changing the mac address of my router?
How does flushing your DNS give you easier games?
I dont know about your router or ISP but mine allows me a new IP after resetting the router and flushing DNS.The green text was in reply to OPs statement.
Holy shit I want to fucking die. This has been the fucking worst dayWindows was being fucking glichy and I accidently deleted my Linux partition. Then I spilled iced tea all over my desk some how my keyboard survived. And now my fucking monitor can off its stand and fell on the floor. Any monitor suggestions?
Oh I need a new monitor. Any 1080p MATTE monitors for under $150?
Your key ornate might die if you keep using it wet. Water moves around and could short at any time it's still wet.
Probably something that'll bolt down to your desk, Michael j Fox
Who gives a shit I have a backup. It wasn't a mech keyboard because I go through keyboards every 6 months.
I would love that except my monitor literally came of it's stand.
you can shell this shit on an art gallery or something
Kill yourself.
That looks pretty good tbh.
holy fuck, OP.are you sure you weren't just filming an infomercial?
nice wallpaper
Not a half bad idea.
I see another monitor in the background. Kill yourself, overprivileged faggot.
You need to describe your usage scenario, budget and preferences for this to work. If you're a poor gamer, get any 60Hz 1080p 24" TN monitor If you play competitive shooters, get a 144Hz 1080p 24" TN monitorIf you have a bit of money or care about colors, make that an IPSIf you're a casual gamer, get a 60 Hz IPS, 1080 or 1440 depending on budget.Finally, If you have a lot of money, just get one of those new 27" 1440p 144Hz IPS G-Sync monitors
Hey you piece if shit. You asked me for advice I didn't ask you for criticisms. Fuck off.

Wallpaper?
Buy another one faggot :
bullshit,you threw the controller didnt you?
OP helped Lazerhawk creating his new album cover.
All I want is 1080p 60Hz but IPS
bullshit,you threw the controller didnt you?this.OP probably threw a pussy ass faggot shitfit and threw the controller against his display after he lost a deathmatch in autismcraft.
Holy shit owned OP you fucking loser.
https://uk.pcpartpicker.com/parts/monitor/#xcx=0&r=192001080&H=60,61&W=2300,2500&T=1,6&p=1&sort=d6&page=1Might as well get this one.http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16824009483
rate my desktop g
No It was on the edge of my bed when I was cleaning my desk.That's actually fucking hilarousGlossy display.
rate my desktop gwell you got if from  and the OP without saying thanks
using windows 10 previewnice keylogger
can you post wallpaper plz?
, 
, 
/mkg/ - Mechanical Keyboard GeneralBeige EditionBuyer's Guide: http://pastebin.com/QJD7fSGUWhere to Buy: http://pastebin.com/8Yku80VLSwitch Guide: http://i.imgur.com/DHfyMqP.gifFAQs: http://pastebin.com/M5w7QtKpOP Picture Info:IBM SSK
BROS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I just came up with an idea that could change politics:A website/app/etc that shows which politician voted with or against his continuance's interests.It'll easily show which politicians are working with the public and which ones aren't.To see what the public wants, the company would survey the public in things the politician votes on, then the company would evaluate what the politician actually votes on - to see if his interests are aligned with the public or not. This would all be done on a local community level - both for politicians represent small communities and large onesThere could be a variety of features too like, which politicians are aligned with the public the most and which ones are aligned the least.This could actually big a deal, perhaps helping swing elections between politicians where one is noted to be more aligned with the public and where the other competing politician isn't, you know?It'd take a lot to get this off the ground and help eventually get this in the top 100 internet websites and shit but hey,what do bros think?
top 100 internet sitespolitics
your service would immediately be proclaimed as biased towards one side or the other, and thereafter no one on either side will take it seriously
Biggest problem is getting that kind of data, in a machine readable form, and up to date
At least your heart is in the right place.
http://blog.okfn.org/2015/04/17/fantasy-frontbench-giving-the-public-a-way-to-compare-politicians/Open Knoledge Foundation is who you should ask about that kind of stuff, they are doing that all the time
Right, as for costs and shit :eventually this'll will be a mega top tier name, you know. Politico is ranked 528 in American sites, we'd be aiming fot top 100
or how about some omnipotent super AI that will make politicians obsoleteThat will REALLY change some shit
continuance'sdo you mean constituents?
Yeah I know, this sounds like a good thing. I'm working in a similar group in my city. Really, for most things, the problem is acquiring data. Because their either is no data, they won't give it to you, it cost lots of money or it's a weird format. Ask organizations who specialize in open data, as I said, the Open Knowledge Foundation is always a good start. They do it for free as well.
Bump
politics
I already have that.  It's called a toaster.
See http://allaregreen.us/
We have http://theyworkforyou.com here in the UK, which is kind of the same idea.
OpenScrets.org has something similar, but UI is lacking, and it's near impossible to do complex queries.http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00001811&cycle=2014
remind me why people use this meme distro?
666It works. It is fun.
Why can't you write the reasons down or archive the thread?Don't make this thread every week.
Autism, satan.
There's some immensely satisfying in knowing that you only have on your computer the components you need.For most sane users, there's 90% of the reason
But that's wrong. Arch uses a binary package manager that resolves its own dependencies and is not allowed to make such a claim.
B...but satan-san, it's actually a really good distro.
bleeding edge, minimal install footprint, great package management
Wrong on all counts.
But you need those dependencies to utilize the components you need.
because desktop thread autism
And you're going to let a package manager tell you which ones you need?
Pacman best man
remind me why people ask this meme question?
Yes, because the package maintainer specifies that.The package manager just resolves the dependencies.
Yes; that's exactly what they're made for. What, is it common for a package manager to force the installation of unrelated dependencies?
Because it just werks
So you have on your computer only the components your package maintainer thinks you need.
Even if it did want to install unrelated dependencieswhich it doesn't, you can choose to not install them.Unlike with shittier WindowsTMR you actually have control over your system.
haha listen to these Archcucks justifying their computer cuckolding them with the distro maintainers.
installing dependencies Lol
No, I only have the packages I want.If packages that I want depend on other packages, they are installed with the package I want.
cluck cluck cuck cluck cluck
You seem quite retarded.We have explained why it does what it does, and that what it does is good.You on the other hand have added nothing of value to the discussion.Kill yourself.
Because I have no life and making things artificially hard makes me feel like I have achieved something in it, even if it is just installing an OS
arch is literally the best OS i've ever used, and i thanks microsoft deeply for puking windows 8.  if not for them, i would have jumped to distro hoping and finally get to arch 5 years ago.thank you very much
See 
Nice trips, Satan.
I have told you that you are being cuckolded by your distro, and you are justifying your feelings of denial. Leave your wife, she deserves better than a filthy cuck.
because after installwhich is a breeze with evolution it's a decent minimalistic rolling distro
And I have explained to you why I don't get 'cuckolded' as you call it. justifying your feelings of denialNo, I explained to you why I don't get 'cuckolded' as you call it.Leave your wifeI am lonely.
Arch is my favorite distro of the dozens I've tried over the last dozen years.
gets cuckoldedrepeatedly says he doesn't get cuckoldedcluck cluck cuck cluck cluck
I don't even use Arch; I use the derivative Manjaro. I was just saying that pacman does exactly what it should - manages packages, gathering necessary dependencies and as  says, leaves a minimal install footprint. It doesn't matter much to me if you don't agree; just don't use Arch or its derivatives./g/ in a nutshell
The logo is coolThe name is cooletc
I use the derivative ManjaroThere's a reason you get shooed out of all the Arch parties.
It's not really a meme distro seeing as to how it has binary packages and operates pretty much identically to most other linux distros sorry archfags, you're not special.  Something like Gentoo is much more laughable.
The fuck are you on about? You use Debian because yo want to and not because you have to, don't you?
I use the derivative ManjaroConfirmed for 12 year old
Everyone has some bashing to do on Manjaro, but it serves its unspoken purpose of being a stepping stone to Arch. I'm not comfortable enough to move to it yet, but at least I admit that instead of screaming "CUCK!!" whenever I her an opinion I don't agree with
yaourt or something similar makes finding an installing pretty much anything that isn't already in the binary repos easy.
Stepping stone? To Arch? You realize that Arch is a stepping stone to Gentoo and Gentoo is a stepping stone to being able to use whatever the fuck you want, right?
I used it on my desktop for 6 months or so in 2014, it was definitely fun and I learned a lot, particularly about operating systems in general. The more important question, OP, is why do you care?
Manjaro has some similarities to Arch; most impoatantly to me, it can utilize the AUR and it uses pacman. I wanted to understand those two before I went waist deep into something I didn't yet grasp. Because of those differences, I consider it a stepping stone.Maybe Arch is a stepping stone to Gentoo, and Gentoo a stepping stone to whatever the fuck I want, but I don't want Gentoo; if Gentoo has anything at all to offer to me as a user, I haven't been made aware of it. I decided that two similar distros would be the best path to take to learn what I need to in order to end up at my decided flavour. I've heard talk about Arch, and it fits what I want in an OS: lightweight, out of my way, something to teach me more about the fundamentals of Linux without being painful to interact with, and something that in the end feels truly mine. What's so wrong with that?
Your opinion was discarded a long time ago.
666insert freebsd meme
" I wanted to understand those two before I went waist deep into something I didn't yet grasp."How hard is it to understand? Everything you could want to know is listed clear as day in the arch wiki.
Or you know within the man pages or Wikipedia.
is it pronounced arch or ark?
spoken like a true Gentoo fanboy butthurt that so many more people prefer Arch.
This laptop is running Debian, what are you talking about?
yes. yes it is.
Archcucks shitting on Windows
thanks for the clarification bruh
I'm not the most experienced; I moved over from Windows about 6 months ago. I'm still learning and I don't want to just copypaste snippets - I want to understand what is happening and why. The longer I stick around with easier-to-use distros, the more I learn.I have a dream that I'll one day live on a board where I will not be judged by the distribution of my Linux, but by the content of my character.
Why do some of you hate more packages? They exist for a reason.
I got you mixed up with a different prick.
pacman is neat. the wiki is neat.
thisplus the AUR has nearly anything on github
It just werks and i can wait longer than a month before updates
You should try antergos anon. It IS arch just with an installer. same repos etc.also evolution installer is great. whenever I install Arch. I use it. leavesa nice clean system. installs what you want it to = antergos isn't too bloated either
Most common argument I see for Arch is pacman. But what is so special about pacman? Using it with the AUR is useful, but that's about it. pacman isn't a particularly special package manager next to RPM and dpkg+apt.Why are you comparing Arch with Windows?
Damnit. Now I wanna install arch again. been using xubuntu. but bleh fuck it. back to Arch I go!!
Does anyone remember if Arch shipped the odd versions of gtk3?There's a bug which affects Openbox users in 3.16.3 and it's been fixed in 3.17. But it appears it won't get published in Arch and I think they're waiting for the 3.18 version.
I don't recall issues. what was the issue?
Why don't people spout "Install Arch" instead of gentoo? I see way more Arch users here.
I'm pretty sure most people use it because they enjoy learning slightly more about the packages that make up their system, and are slightly proud to have so much control over their system.
arch isn't actually hard to install
Not a bad idea! I'd heard of it but didn't do any real research, I didn't know it was so closely related to Arch. My disposition towards GNOME kept me from looking further into it too, since by default it comes with that DE a silly reason to ignore a distro, I know. I'll check it out. You've been a real help!
Yeah. Antergos is Arch. just different distro name and installer. comes nic elooking too with numix etc. and evolution is super easy. I am about to use it right now actually. you shouldn't have uissues.You just have to parition with evolution yourself.homebootswapnothing hard to do. and can do with gparted in the options.
Then you can't make that claim. If you don't have the ability to specify to your package manager what you need, it's a lie.Example: wmfs 1 has optional deps, like libxinerama.  If you can't pass an argument in some way to the package manager to tell it you're not going to use those features enabled by that dependency and thus don't need the extra package, then you're not ruining a system with just what you need.Gentoo, on the other hand, has this option in config files and flags for portage.
I do but not on /g/
somebody post that arch logo fat man pic already
rolling releaseEverything is fresh and when I read some news about new kernel it is on my machine within 3 weeks. When theres new version of whatever application, its extremely fast in repos.AURThe huge community driven repository that arch has - https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/It feels like what was promised when I switched to linux, but has not been delivered in other distros. When I read about something, I can find it on AUR, when I see someone mention a new project, theres very likely a git package on AUR of it. It's incredible and makes arch feel much more comfortable than dicking around with google and PPA on *buntu distros and such.clean packagesI dislike modified packages that you sometime get in other distros, some can be of interest, like opensuse firefox-KDE has better dialog of file choosing or somethingbtw can it is on AUR. But generally I really like having packages to be vanilla without some modifications. You know what you are getting and wont get some surprises, making you wonder why something is different.
GTK3 applications can't be resized. You can't click and drag the border, they don't even have a border.Are you using Openbox right now and you don't have the bug?
the communityWhen I was choosing distros and was hopping around my most important requirement at that time was that it has to have larger active community to have somewhere to turn for news and help, and feel like project is moving and living. Arch community goes beyond this. Its incredibly vibrant. Even some programs I use like Deadbeef or Bomicmplayer seems to originate on arch forums.using it provides knowledgeI've been on linux almost a year, on arch 6 months, I feel that if I would stay on mint/opensuse that I was on first part of my linux experience, I would learn a lot less. Maybe this knowledge is virtue out of necessity, but there are antergos and manjaro and those cut a bit on the knowledge requirements while delivering others pros of arch.
Installing Arch on my dual Xeon machine right now.
Nice package manager, customizable  without being time consuming
arch isn't remotely hard to install and it's not even particularly beneficial like gentooarch is just stupid
Not the same guy, but I'm on openbox right now with no issues with GTK3 applications. I recall that there was a time where they had some weird extraneous, wide white border around everything, but that was just a visual glitch and it was fixed a while ago.
Manjaro is trash mate, it's unstable as fuck.You should try Antergos
, 
Anyone have programming practice problems like this one?
why not, but these problems are not solved by diffuclty level. keep that in mind.
Damn, I mean sorted*
hackerrank.comprojecteuler.net
Rolling for random challange
Rolling for task.
Writing a chat app with javascript just for fun. Any feature ideas? Webm shows the current build.
nice. post it on github. called it gChat
I'll design the logo
nice m8 so it has a js backend?
yes, node.js backend.
javascript just for funnice stockholm syndrome
It's not the best language but for web stuff it's the best out there.-OP
Is developing a chat client with a UI/GUI as easy as it looks and seems in op's webm?
that background is subtle
Kill yourself.
pretty cool. how do you manage the live updating? Im looking at building a chat site as well.
It depends on your skill level. There are actually three major components in this app. Backend has the socket interface and api for user authentication. then there is the frontend gui which implements both of them.
So, it deptends on whether or not you've got the component logic done?What are the risks of keeping it so simple? Maybe injection? I know it may sound like i'm trying to be a hard ass but really I'm wondering if you can justify using JS over some other language like Java. Besides how much easier making the GUI may have been.
maybe your skill set you already know this but you are sanitizing your inputs yeah? also, are you posting this somewhere?
javawebplease god no
npm install socket.ionpm install mongoose npm install expressdone.
Keeping things simple is actually better.More simple == easier to audit and be sure it's secure.JS is used because almost all browsers support it and the demonstrated program is operated in the browser.There are multiple different languages being used in the program.HTML and CSS: both of these are used to make the UI.JS: this is used to have new messaged pop up when they are received, animate things, etc. JS also communicates with the backend the server that the program runs on.NodeJS: The backend of the program. NodeJS allows you to write JS for the backend. The backend could have also been written in many other languages such as PHP, Golang, Ruby on Rails, or even C not recommended.
Well the current gui works on any platform that supports javascript and like I said this is just a hobby project. Nothing too serious.Yes I'm sanitizing user inputs.
Why not base64 encode user input before storing them in the DB, and then decode them when they have been pulled from the database? This would completely prevent any possibility of SQL injection.
There is still quite much to do after that. Password hashing, token signing, input sanitizing, building the frontend logic etc.
hash it!sign it!sanitize it!css and html takes like a dozen whole secondsallow me to trivialize this morehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNgnK0-kdfk
Actually. I'm not using SQL. I'm using mongoDB which is document-oriented database.

It needs to support a second camera under the desk.
dickcam support, eh..?-OP
are you making this for profit or for free as in freedom
How are you encrypting the messages so that only the end user can see them? You are encrypting the messages so that only the end user can see them, right?
Why not just put OP in the name field you dunce.
protip: it's an NSA honeypot
My main goal was not to create some NSA hack proof messaging system. It currently doesn't encrypt messages but this could be a feature in the future if I don't abandon this project before.I dont usually create threads..
Any feature ideas?ya, get rid of all taht wasted white space
Both sidebars will be hideable. And I want to keep the ui as clean as possible.
I'm sorry for calling you a dunce, I don't know what came over me. I think that mustache irritated me.
Why, Spring is p. nice even if obviously overkill for a project of this scale
chatappjavascriptjust for fundie in a fire please
OS X Faggot detected
All developers use macs now. Have you ever seen CS students? They all have macbooks. Maybe some gaming rig home for playing CS.
1 this should be in the development thread, shouldn't it? It unambiguously asks "what are you working on", which is this, in your case.2 Is this anything more than Slack? Or IRC? Is this supposed to be a product, or just an exercise? If it's an exercise, then keep it up? If it's supposed to go anywhere, think about what the point of this is.
poorfag confirmed
It's just a hobby project and now that you said it this could be in a dev thread. Currently it's just a poort mans slack clone. But it could become something like slack but open source.
javawebcare to elaborate? it seems to work fine for apple, google, hp, general motors, netflix, twitter, amazon, ebay and every other serious company that isn't microsoft or wasn't outjewed by themlooks great, I need to try websockets
socket.io
If you ran it over HTTPS, would that be enough to make it secure from basic attacks like man in the middle? Also, it is responsive to viewport size?
Yes I think using http would be enough.and yes it's responsive. But I haven't finished sidebar toggling.
https*
What Front-End framework did you use ?
dank
marijuanamustachepipe not a weed pipe, an old tobacco pipebow tieWhat are you doing using a computer? I thought those were too mainstream for you types.
CS students are also not getting jobs
Not relevant.
It's shit.Kill yourself immediately.
socket.io? node?
Why does /g/ hate node.js. It's the way of the future.
Nvm, i just read some of the replies. I figure that since i've used socket.io and node for awhile now.
that's the fun part. nothing. just vanilla javascript with some jquery when I was lazy. Could port it to pure js when I have spare time.I'm a CS student.Both.
Make it look like old msn and call it gChat.
msn part came to my mind when I started. But in the en I settled to this bootstrappy modern look.
I imagine you used some template for css, or bootstrap theme? which one was it?
I'm surprised /g/ isn't berating the OP for using Chrome.
Btw, I'm gay.
Google has the best developer tools in my opinion.nope. Wrote the css myself.
/g/ is dead
are you open sourcing it?
Yes, it will be licensed under MIT. I will publish it after I get it to somewhat usable state.
Do you use any front end templating at all? I use Handlebars.js a lot it's really nice for keeping things simple. I prefer small libraries over frameworks. There's also a node module for rendering handlebars on the backend.
Oh yeah forgot to mentiont that. Yes, I use handlebars for some minor things like message templates and the right sidebar which has to be dynamic if user log out or logs in.
left sidebar* logs out*
Use nginx to manage your ssl.key and ssl.crt and proxy pass to your node.js server
Upload a zip of your image resources folder to pomf.se
why?
Let us fork it?
I'd like to see how much I can decrease the filesizes, as I've not done it on a real world project before, only single images. Will reupload optimized versions with a log file.
looks actually nice. great work op
Are you able to use it without registering an account?
How long does it take to learn Node.js enough to make this chat program? I've started learning node just yesterday. Not much experience with JavaScript, just enough to do things in Node.
Nice meme.
Implement OTR encryption.
Currently, yes. Anonymous users are able to chat.Not that long. Just learn to write REST api with express.js and read a tutorial about socket.io. I would say that in it's current form I have spent more time creating the gui than coding the backend.
That's a no then, i assume.
Oh sorry forgot that completely. Currently the whole prject has like 3 static images so I really don't see a reason to zip them.
Reductions are reductions. No matter how big or small your files are, 30% size reduction is pretty nice.
Nvm, just post them here.
is this on github?
Do you have a logo?
revolver ocelot
encryption both waysminimizeable side panelsthemeablesystem wide alertsauto-pasta-paster
No it's currently just a hacked together demo.no I don't.All great ideas.
hackedNigger pls
stitched?
I am a faggot.
It is true. I like sucking big fat juicy black dicks.
node.js backendFucking dropped.
"bohoo thems evil js hipsters gun maek my php skeelz wortt nuttin"
https://www.semitwist.com/mirror/node-js-is-cancer.html
thats fucking award-winning bullshit
https://www.semitwist.com/mirror/node-js-is-cancer.htmlnode.js is canerthat's certainly possible, but you know what's even bigger cancer? websites with unjustified text and 100% line length. literally eye cancer
I guess I'll be implementing end to end encryption.
It would probably be better if OP put them am into a single image, or put them into a font file.no I don'tOP just put it on GitHub now or you'll never put it up there.  just vanilla javascript with some jquery when I was lazySo it's just Spagetti code or have you separated things into methods/functions with namespaces? Have you separated the different types of methods into different js files?
Get a new name."Chatter" is already the name of a chat / social network on SalesForce / FinancialForce
Not to mention the serif font
what method could I use to encrypt something similar? not OP -- I'm working on something else
so why socket.io instead of something standard like websockets or regular old XMLHttp requests?
i'd like to interject for a momenthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ame2PH67gnk
This is what happens when you get women in computing.
shouldn't backends be on, like, something not on a language made for web development?then again im guilty of using node.js for peerflix and castnow, but at least it's personal use.
Welcome to the year 2015 friendo.
im still not understanding why you would use such a slow language to handle this sort of stuff
Just use Slack like a normal person
really no reason. I was bored and wanted to do something with node.js. Chose the stack and went with it.
Better than Tox
such a slow languagehttps://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/demos/detail/bananabread
Node uses complied C++ libraries where JS is slow. NodeJS isn't very good for number crunching, but makes up in input output.Personally, I have never written asynchronous PHP or C#, but JS makes writing asynchronous code super easy. Literally any developer who has uses jQuery, has written asynchronous code using callbacks even if they don't understand it.Sometimes a language isn't about how fast it is, but how easy it is to use. If everyone uses it right the first time with minimal effort, then why use something more difficult at least if it's for simple applications which are easier to fuck up.
unjustified text is cancerYou do realize that justified text in a browser is a huge no-no right? Currently browsers are terrible at justifying text. Yes you should justify text in LaTeX for example but browsers don't have anywhere near the capabilities that LaTeX has.
bumping this because it's coolOP, any advancements made?
Hey /g/Who wants to explore Windows 10?
Open the essentialsText editorBrowsersMedia PlayerMusic playerFile Manager
ISO is download
I just bought 8.1, so I'll probably wait a year or two to buy Windows 10. INB4 bullying.Don't feel like piratingNot upgrading, who the fuck digitally upgrades?
Install is done.This looks like a botnet.
It took me 30 minutes to download and install a pirated Windows 8.1 on my sister's laptop. It's not that hard.
I just don't really trust niggas is all. I only paid $50.
Use excel please
where?Wanna check it out in VM
More botnet. How do I switch back from Scaled mode in Virtualbox?
Yeah me too, I downloaded windows 10 but it had several failures. Just buy it after reading some reviews
Only if you are using a recent build like Build 10130
You can easily disable the "botnet" features.
"skip now"Problem solved
thinking you can ever completely disable the Microsoft botnet in WindowsAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAH
Had to delete some stuff. How is it taking up 6.5GB if the ISO was only 3?Anyway, desktop. I can't click anything.
Got it. I hope they fix this for people with low-res screens or 4:3.It's actually really snappy for Windows in a VM.What do
Enjoy your ganoo+linux, autist. I prefer a system that just werks
Compression is a magical thing
Icons are really shit.
Cortana can't do shit without a Microsoft account. Moving on.
Finally have virtual desktops. Only 5 years late.All the UI elements are too big.
mfw 10130 update makes a bootloopmfw I have no face because no pc
shill pls go
Can't install anything without a microsoft account.
Windows 10 goes on sale late July apparently.
needs access to your browsing historyPlease tell me they weren't dumb enough to make it obligatory and you can disable that shit not Cortana
pretty much asking how pirated GTAV can be compressed into near half of the original one.
The search thing is broken with no other way to open installed programs.Icons are terrible, again.I guess that's it. Metro mode is much less intrusive than with 8 so that's good. Overall it seems to be a more polished version of 8.1. Apart from the shitty flat design theme and icons everywhere, botnet/windows account, it's not bad. UI is quite clunky though.
Anything else you guys want to see?
oh fuck that's ugly
Icons are terrible, again.10074 is not the most recent build. 10130 has changed a part of the icons.
I want to see you getting the fuck out.
It's a free update for the first year for all 8.1/8/7 maybe vista.
regeditmsconfigcmddrivers panel
Off topic, i'm installing Win 7 to my pops' PC.Any good program for searching and installing drivers for a PC? Ninite for drivers so to speak.
the package manager
terminal
You update to the recent build. The icons have changed again and there's some more UI polish.
I don't know how to access that.Same shit as usual.
Is minesweeper or pinball on there?
Build 10074 on a small screen VMAre you enjoying the preview of last year? We are on Build 10130 anon. Step it up please.
afiaik all the icons are only temp palceholders and they're gonna add nicer ones on the official release in july
IE is gone. Long live 'Project Spartan'.Feels less autistic than IE - less bloat and faster. No doubt filled with botnet.
that's because the only package manager windows has is pkgmgr.exe for windows updates
Tablet mode is pretty cool.How do I upgrade?Doesn't appear to be installed
WMP
And font rendering still horrible.
Aero is still here for some reason. Same as before otherwise. I guess they know nobody uses it and so haven't bothered to change it since Windows 7?
Forgot pic
How do I upgrade?Using windows update fast channel option.
not him, but that fails every time here
Update isn't doing anythingYep.
Can it play 10-bit Chinese cartoons?
it's retarded like that, stays at 0% for a long timemicrosoft programming at it's finest
Switched to fast ring?
It's shit
Probably. Pic related: Image of the day bullshit.
wordpadwindows defender
Can't install anythingYou can't install from the store without an acc. Just like Google marketplace and Apple app store.Other things - as in: useful things - can be installed just fineThe search thing is broken with no other way to open installed programs.What? There are other ways of opening installed programms.Clicking on "all apps" on the start menu for example.
There is nothing to fix. Get a higher res, or drag the tiles off.
Defender looks a lot like MSE.Wordpad is the same as it was in 7 and 8.
Settings "App"Control Panel
defender is MSE just prepackaged into windows
That's because they have just integrated MSE into defender.
does robocopy have anything new?
Google Play Store and Apple App store are both mobile environments. Windows is supposed to be a desktop OS.
Windows 10 will be a free upgrade for you if you update at least within of one year.
It's trying to merge Desktop and Mobile OS.And like I said, you can still download all the normal programs, if you are running on x86/x86-64. Why do you have a problem with not being able to install Store apps? They are all crap anyways, and I don't see them improving.
Linux fag here. I think it looks much better than usually. And finally some work spaces lol.Windows def took another direction
It's still pretty shit. Win 7 is more straightforward.
Since it's a free legit update from my pirated version of windows 7, I'll give it a shot
 using neckbeard autist os
Being connected to a private ISPWorried about privacyTinfoil to the max
where can i download win10? can i upgrade from win7 64bit professional?is it stable?
Google it you fucker, it's simple. Of course it's not stable enough, it's a beta.
OneGet was being integrated into Win10 though, and that's an actual proper package manager.
appappappappappappappappappappappappappappappappappappappappapp
I encourage you to read up on WIM.Also get your shit updated, you're on an old release.Lol.Retard. When you have to ask like that, just wait for the official release and update from there. Microsoft will make sure to hold your hand through it.If you're up for an ADVENTURE since you're such a noob: https://insider.windows.com/PLEASE for the love of God remember that it is a beta still.Noob.http://blogs.technet.com/b/packagemanagement/archive/2015/04/29/introducing-packagemanagement-in-windows-10.aspxPackageManagement previously named OneGet is a fully functional package manager, Unix style.
Did they change OneGet name? Why?
Hell I dunno, I liked the name too. The Github page still has the "OneGet" name, mostly.
ignore skip optionOMG windows is forcing me to use my mail! BOTNETlinuxfags
Change the colour of the taskbar blue if you can and make it as transparent as possible please.
Can you give the music app a spin? Curious to see how it is now compared to 8.
Does it come with Minesweeper?
mpv doesn't work :
Why would one feel the need to use that autist software?
Win10 is free
mkv/webm support
Windows 10 already supports mkv
Because it is lightweighted and performs well.
the icons are shit. it's suffering. it demands to be killed.the ui is shit.look at the SIZE of that toolbar taking a quarter of the fucking screen!one extra bar for just a - button...what the fuck; seriously.what is this Anon? 1989?
No it isn't. Stop spreading this misinformation.
you will have to buy the new one because the shills will tell you to do so. you don't want to be late don't ya? you aren't an antisemite, right? you will defend what is right and assume it's wrong to be out of date or worse, pirating...ah, right, icons can still be changed, but that metro UI makes me cringe everytime i see it.seriously it's ugly like the thing.
the icons are shit. it's suffering. it demands to be killed.You what mate, Build 10130 master build do you even eternal boot loop?
Its a bit intrusive which is normal for a beta. They want information to fix bugs.
Posting a Webm of the Virtual Desktop environment.
the print preview options from the web browserIE has truly been shit for printing from for the last decade
2015Floppy Disk Drive A:
My goal is to become a sysadmin for a medium to large size company. What should I be learning?
Deepthroating without gagging.
implying this skill has yet to be masteredAny less edgy responses?
Vmware, netapp or nimble or one of those hybrid storage options. Windows server 2008r2 because 2012 is a expensive upgrade still. Powershell 3 or 4. Fabric switches, wsus, splunk, and probably 9 billion other things because you're a sys admin not just some windows administrator. Sys admin does everything.
How much would you prob make by beeing this?
This, basically. If you had any actual talent, you wouldn't want a salaried position. Try to understand, your competition actually consists of idiots who believe that college graduation is an accomplishment and H1Bs.
Can you become a sysadmin without a degree?
Go to an IT school?
Set up a fileserver using an old PC, make it usable by a Win and Linux machine. Set up LAN networks if you ever get a chance. Play around with VMWare, Win Server etc. Do some shell scripting bash, bourne, powershell for win. You will have to start small, after I got a degree I had to do shitty tech service jobs just to be able to apply for a junior sys admin job. It takes time to become a good system admin and you have to learn everything and keep up to date with new technologies.
, 
thoughts about Mr Robot?
awful, stop shilling this show.
I want to hate it, but the fact they are at least trying to use realistic tech makes me want to give it a break. tl;dr: on the fence
Leftist propaganda.
Couldn't get past the first two minutes.
pilotmaybe enough neckbeard views to support first seasonfirst season ends in major cliffhangersecond season not deemed profitablejust let to rottEvery fucking time.
requesting pic of KDE guy
fight club with hacking instead of fighting and depressed edgyness instead of tough guy edgyness
Did I the only one that got a really creepy homosex vibe from that GNU scene?
I'm actually on KDE, myself.
guy says I use KDE myselftoo ashamed to let it be known my dodgy netbook needs LXDE

Leftist propaganda.
A coder version of walking dead?I wana join the cult!! Where is the fanboy signup sheet!! nmap and aircrack-ng the mainframe by season 2, i promise you
another thread
It's even worse that this one.
C'mon man, you can't hate on Mr.Robot. It's the first show based around technology that doesn't seem like some SF or Fantasy bullshit.
I know, hence why I'm on the fence. Sure beats CSI zoom and enhance BS.
I fucking love it. I just love the character Elliot
 usa leftistsRofl
the firstThe Scene a show about warez that respects your freedomsSilicon Valley meh
Yes. It irked me in a few places. But overall, it was actually trying to do something, good, something interesting. We can bash them for the spaces in the file directory, or for the fact that the character uses GNOME, not ratpoison or i3, but, really, this is something that seems pretty rare. It might get worse, it might get better. As it stands, I rather thought it was good, certainly better than most depictions of computer geeks.
when's the next episode on kat??
It should be in 4-5 days I think, since the first one was uploaded 3 days ago. also, not OP
America is a communist country.
Yeah that's another thing, i'm glad they didn't make him some stereotypical nerd.
AmericaCommunist countrynice b8 m8
i hope, there is no airing date on imdb or wikipediahttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Robot_%28TV_series%29also, the show is god tier. everybody knows that /g/ hates everything. nothing is ever good enough for them :
Exactly, /g/ will never collectively like anything. But if one tech show deserves to be liked, it's this one.
ending left me hanging so bad.SO BADI might have ideas, but I really don't know what will happen next. Fuck.This is tv series, maybe he'll work with these guys?
Economy run by the governmentMassive erosion of civil libertiesPresident in power due to affirmative actionNeed I say more?
You did forget to mention the part where you say America is the most fucking capitalistic country in the world.
yeah, no way US is communist. Communist countries usually have a middle class...
Economy run by the governmentMore like run by corporations and lobbies kek. You're actually living in a fascist state.
You couldn't get past watching him sit on a subway, then say "You're Ron" to an Indian guy?
The scene with him crying alone, it's actually sad. I can't do that, though. Guess I'm not that broken, huh!
You will never do MDMA with, and fuck your hot female drug dealer.Why even live?
I don't know if you are a shill seriously tho if you are part of the production there are other ways to do this or really like the show but there is another thread that hasn't reached bump limit.Also the show is good, I like it.
The USA have always been Fascist.
Read Moldbug, friend.
implying capitalism is badimplying you even know what that is
I SEE YOU'RE USING NOMEthat was the last straw. it's fucking GAHNOMEJESUSFUCK
This. Another reason why I love this show is cause it combines the tech stuff from /g/ and his personality that fits /r9k/
I think it's kinda bad when your corrupt government starts corrupt wars and kills innocent people for fucking oil/money.
I sort of chuckled at that bit actually. I have cried alone in corners like that. it's fucking GAHNOMECitations? I pronounce it like KDE guy did, but then, I went to a Waldorf school, and Gnomes were really the thing.
No 3edgy hacker would use GNOME, they use some shitty tiling window manager like xmonad/dwm
0xFFedgy2-3ime
Can't stand that i have to wait three weeks for the second episode.10/10
no way man, i was totally bummed this wasn't the MC
WTF ARE YOU SERIOUS? Why the fuck would they do that? My autism brain already settled on downloading the next episode next week.
It's cheesy fun from the USA Network. I don't know some of you are over analyzing and/or expecting so much.I like it.
That was just the pilot, get ready to watch the episode again when the first episode is officially on air
right from wikipediafirst word spokenhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n77cwRJUrLg&app=desktop
More like coder version of Dexter.  He even has side plots of specific people to "hack" just like Dexter does to kill.  He creates CD's after a hack of someone just like Dexter does with blood slides.  Pretty fucking content stealing if you ask me.
Damn man, never thought of it that way!Let's hope it doesn't end like Dexter did though :
Man the ending was pretty crazy.What do you guys think it is?
bonsoir
It was cyberpunk as fugHas lots of potential. We'll see where it goes.side plots of specific people to "hack" just like Dexter does to killPretty much all shows have "side plots of specific X".He creates CD's after a hack of someone just like Dexter does with blood slidesExcept his CDs have a practical purpose
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
blue eyesblue tieKDE personified
KDE master aryan race  confirmed
keknmap was used in the first episode already
Serious question: Is it the only show about this that close to reality?
Am I the only one on /g/ to cringe when he casually how he compromised Tor single-handedly? Or that he has all of Ron's files and emails despite stating in the previous sentence that Ron had over 100TBs of CP?And sure, everyone has access to Google's and Facebook's account management systems to bruteforce peoples' passwords. Are they trying? Yes. Are they trying hard enough to write a show primarily about a top-tier pentester/security engineer? Hell no.
You really fucking suck at listening.He said served 100TB of CP. Which means bandwidth. 100TB of bandwidth. That's not a lot considering they gave no time frame.He compromised Tor by owning the exit nodes, which is a very plausible attack. it's called the Sybil attack, Google it you mongol.
More like coder version of DexterTo make things worse, he called his folder a data graveyard or some shit. You'd have to be a fool not to notice the whole emotionally detached outsiderthing he's got going on, and how it's outrageously dexterish.
500m wide screens when?
You can very easily bruteforce Google and Facebook passwords if you have a big enough botnet.Which isn't that hard to archive, you can even rent it.
it would be more realistic if he made a python keylogger in 4 min and just put it on on the computers of that dude, and his psycho bitch, that IS easy and fast and he would just need to be in the same room as their computers, and he is
And sure, everyone has access to Google's and Facebook's account management systems to bruteforce peoples' passwords.It showed him using a combination of dictionary attacks and personal info to bruteforce passwords.Compared to the utter shite that comes out of programs like 24 or outright nerd blackface like TBBT, it's pretty good so far.
First of all, 3/10 for making me fact-checkWhat he said was I'm directly copypasting the subtitlesPolice? You want them to find outabout the 100 terabytes of child pornographyyou serve to your 400,000 users?Nowhere is he talking about bandwidth. Without context there is no reason to assume he's talking about bandwidth.He compromised Tor by owning the exit nodes, which is a very plausible attack. No it's not, you dumb motherfucker. Our good friend the NSA concluded just last year there is no plausible attack on Tor to commit TARGETED de-anonymization of users. You're so full of shit it pains me.
Is the second episode out? I saw some people post that they saw the first 2 episodes.
no, it's airing sunday , in few hours the torrent will be up
No it wouldn't. Believe me. A keylogger is detectable and why would he log out? Logging him out forcefully would raise suspiciusness.You are just thinking that you know something about it but you don't know shit.
What in the what? You need access to the hashes to bruteforce. You think those services allow you to retry typing your password several thousand times in a few minutes?it's pretty good so farif it's above writing VB GUIs to track IPs, it's all goodI think you're setting the bar too low.
swagThanks buddy. Now I wont be lonely and bored today, just lonely ;
What in the what? You need access to the hashes to bruteforce. You think those services allow you to retry typing your password several thousand times in a few minutes?You can just attack them from all the nodes from your botnet. Each node would try about 10 passwords and it'd be enough.
So psyched about this
I think you're setting the bar too low.Being a fictional television program, they need a little bit of freedom to stretch things. They deserve some small credit for actually bothering to show a unix shell instead of an excrutiatingly obvious MS Surface product placement.
He implied that Ron was hosting a hidden service, so owning exit nodes doesn't actually explain anything.
No it wouldn't. Believe me. A keylogger is detectable and why would he log out? Logging him out forcefully would raise suspiciusness.You are just thinking that you know something about it but you don't know shit.what? are you bloody retarded? you can literally put a usb in someone's computer for 10 sec just to install a python keylogger that will run in the background and send you keystrokes and screenshots over mail you set, it wouldn't show anywhere and unless they were suspicious  to look through the processes on their computers they couldn't see it. He just needs to get the password once you dumb fuck. I did this to my friend, although he went to get me a glass of water for a min or so. The guy that is fucking his waifu is a moron as the protagonist says, and psychologists don't know shit usually about computers, so he could have easily get those facebook acounts that way you dumb fucking cunt. Why is /g/ filled with kids who never even script kiddied let alone hacked anything?
You can just attack them from all the nodes from your botnet. Each node would try about 10 passwords and it'd be enough.In what universe isn't the account automatically locked after 100 cumulative failed tries, especially when they all occur within seconds?
to attract people, screenplay writers add quite flashy stuff that are near impossible most of the time. not just about hacking.it's like anime where high/middle schoolers save the world. many shows can be regarded as live action shonen thing.what if they went with full realism? no one would watch it and it would be boring.
He would leave himself recorded on the security cameras.Fair point, I'm also retarded.
what if they went with full realism? no one would watch it and it would be boring.Not really. I've seen real-life people make ATMs empty themselves and people single-handedly expose CIA flights, prisons and fronts.
Yes, and those presentations are already available on the internet.
I don't know how I feel about this.
I'm running Linux too
Hence there's no need to make stretch the truth. Crazy shit is possible as it is, no need to take the short bus and say he can crack Tor.
the end results are interesting but you have to tell a story, otherwise it would be a documentary. a nice documentary it might be but it's a different format than tv series.
But the people who want to watch those videos already will. It has to appeal to the general public too.The show is shit, I don't disagree. Its just not meant to service people like you.
Seeing that screen scratched that part of my mind that doesn't allow anything good to exist. Full stop.
I hope you all realize that this shot alone will bring a flood of newfags and redditors.
Meh, I'm not sure I agree they have to go full potato to appeal to the masses, but I have to go to bed. I have a meeting in 7 hours.
They renamed the boards so they won't know it's us.
Stuff We Say
ddos scene made me madbetter technical writing than most, but still awful
if you worry about "newfags" or "redditors" coming to your sekrit hacking club, you are either one or both of those.personally I would appreciate new blood. /g/ is already "help me pick parts for my PeeCee" board so maybe they would help with actual discussion.
Fuck off.
paranormality
are you trying to prove my point?
What happened to these days?
They are now called MacBook Pros.
Nothing really changed, MacBooks are still sending other UNIX boxes to /dev/null as far as I'm concerned.But that interface is pretty cute, I don't know what it is about it.
apple saw how much money they could make off mental defects and tech illiterates and started appealing to the lowest common denominator.
What happened to these days?Nothing... they just got even better.
Nothing, Apple still obtains UNIX certification on every version of OS X. You could actually say they've progressed a bit since back then they just called it a UNIX, they didn't start gaining UNIX certification for a few years after that ad.
dem ms office logoswe need this styling again
Nothing changed, but Apple stopped doing that kind of marketing because they don't need it anymore. Everybody already knows GNU/Linux is vastly inferior. Keep in mind that ad is from 2002, when everybody was talking about Linux, Red Hat and shit.
no we don't
I bet you like the whateverthefuck flat shit that android has now
I thought this ad would be from 2004.I know this laptop is over 10 years old but would it still be okay to use with some kind of light weight linux distro installed?
But that was apple's business strategy from the very beginning.
That doesn't fucking matter the old Microsoft office icons were fucking disgusting
Apple so thoroughly cornered the market on UNIX laptops over a decade ago so there's no need for them to spend money advertising it.  Now their growth areas are hipsters, retards, and people who hate Microsoft but are too dumb for Ubuntu.
What happened to these days?Last I checked Apple still lies through their teeth with bullshit marketing about their shit tier joke hobby OS that's an order of magnitude shittier than Windows ever was.
I doubt it, a modern web browser would be unusable on it. But I don't really know, I haven't tested it.
It's sort of interesting how minor the changes have been to mac guis over the yearsbeing a mac user must be a wonderful thing. free of asinine design overhauls to "modernize" things like us windows and linux users have to suffer through
What happened to these days?Apple stopped caring about unix.What version is BASH on OSX?
Apple stopped caring about everythingFixed. With braindead fantards like macfags, they don't even bother to fix massive root exploits that have been around for 4 years.
 But that interface is pretty cute, I don't know what it is about it.Flat design is visual cancer, that's why you like it better than current Apple design
BashDon't blame Apple, blame GPLv3.
NeXTSTEP used on production machines for yearsJobs brings it back to Apple, changes the UI and some source codeeverybody hates it because AppleGet over yourselves you pathetic faggots.
mactard actually defends frankentrash macshit OS
GPLv3 is only more onerous than GPLv2 if you're planning to sue people for using your software or locking them out from being able to change the software running on their machine.
nobody fucking cares what linus torvalds thinks about osx. for one thing, he's a fucking interested party, and would want people to think less of it no matter what.
Less is more you autistic web2.0 monkeyactually wanting clusterfucks of design instead of something simple
Well whatever the reason it's preventing Apple from upgrading to v3'd softwareNot like it's really an issue thoughbrew install bash
IBM stopped delivering and macs became yet another line of boring, uninspired wintel shitboxes-in-denialyou're either trying too hard or you need to fuck off back to /v/
it turns out you're both faggots, and that a middle ground between flat and glossy is the best.I sure hope you both fucking die of aids, so we can go back to designing sensible guis.
nobody fucking cares what linus torvalds thinks
only hipsters dislike material design because it's trendy.
about osxand no they don't.because he has nothing to do with osx.
mactard this assblasted at the truthTime to fuck off back to macrumors and circlejerk over your fruity toys with your fellow mactards.
BASHwhy would you even use bash as a shell?it's only useful for scripting since every idiot at least has it.
I probably have more Chinkpads than you do electronic devices, now /v/
People said the same thing about the shitty retarded skeuomorphic glossy trash that you idiots are now massively overreacting towards.It's YOUR FAULT things got like that, and now you've come up with another shitty idea that you'll reject in 5 years.
You know one-button Mac mice are why we have the double click now, right? Pretty crazy.
They realized the returns on marketing hardware to developers were marginal
pointing out plain as day facts that apple doesn't give a shit about OS X or its security is "trying too hard"Ok kid.
It's YOUR FAULT things got like thatI'm sorry I didn't bomb Microsoft when they came up with the interface designs for XP, Vista and 7.Please forgive me
you can expect things to work and they dotfw "just werks" meme is almost as old as youYear of the Linux desktop WHEN?
implying I'm calling out facts and not the woman-tier emotional tantrums hipsters on /g/ throw at the slightest mention of Shittle
When people care enough about that hobby OS to get working drivers and software for it
NORMIE DO NOT CALL GNU/LINUX A HOBBY OSREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
did you come over to 4chan from reddit yesterday after discovering this /r9k/ meme
I just love all the memes on r/4chanxD didn't you think it was funny?
I hope you appreciate the irony of circling the correct text so people know what to read.
I hope you appreciate the irony of your lack of understanding of the concept of irony
Pretty much this.have standard as fuck Inspiron from 2008upgraded to 4GB RAM and C2D 8300attempt to install latest 2015 freeBSDfatal error during install every time install latest 2015 mintno wifi drivers2015install latest 2015 fedorawifi drops connection every 2 minutesinstall latest 2015 maegiainstaller locks upinstall latest 2015 centosno wifi driversinstall latest 2015 archwifi drivers detectedrefuses to connect to a network with hidden SSIDinstall 7 year old W7 ISOit just werks
You should be blaming wifi drivers on companies that refuse to open souce ANY of their drivers.Intel drivers work OOB on any distro - realtek/broadcom not so much
it's not my fault the platform is so irrelevant nobody will bother developing for it! muh freedom!reality is reality
implyingYou know better
 incongruity between the actual result of a sequence of events and the normal or expected result 2For example in the following situation: I'm going to point out Apple being condescending to their users and giving them only one button to use, because they think they're retards.While circling the correct piece of text because I assume people who see the image are retarded and might read the wrong text, making me just as condescending in the process
Well, I do think the mindset of the Linux desktop community does contribute to its irrelevancy, shitposting aside.
I'm always amazed by these kinda stories, I'm using a 2006 Toughbook, so definitely not a common rig, and driver support on Linux is actually better than on Windows.
I dunno mang, I think most people would just want drivers to work. Consider nvidia, for example, sure their drivers are closed source which I disagree with yet I'll still use them and I still appreicate that they've took the time to develop them for Linux.
*shittier
I'm willing to bet on a PEBKAC
ITT: Why nothing on linux ever gets fixed.
Just ignore them, anon.  Put some music on your iPod and check Facebook.  Then I'll let you borrow my laptop to get some work done.
Dude, I've been trying to get work done on this laptop all day.  Internet keeps disconnecting.  Never happened on Windows.  I agree that Linux is great for a lot of things, but if you want something that not only "just werks", but actually fucking works, Linux isn't for you.
I know people always say shit like this, but wireless internet is one thing that has always been easier and worked better for me than windows since like 2007 on a wide range of machines.There's a lot of things about linux that pisses me off no adobe products, devs thinking their UI will make or break the distro, etc, but wireless drivers is not one of those things.
Works on my machine.
It would make sense if you said "I tried 7 different up-to-date Linux distributions and not a single one supported my wireless card or allowed me to scan for APs". Then it's simple. The kernel doesn't have a driver for your wireless card. Or maybe, if it was a newer wireless card, certain "up-to-date" distros like Ubuntu would be shipping with an old kernel, in which case Ubuntu would not support your wireless card, but a rolling-release distro ensuring a truly up-to-date kernel like Arch would support your wireless card. But you reported neither of those. Somehow, you managed to find a completely different problem with every single distro you tried. That leads me to believe that you were doing something stupid or didn't give it a proper chance.
no wifi driverswifi drops connection every 2 minutesno wifi driverswifi drivers detectedrefuses to connect to a network with hidden SSIDeh?since when distros ship with different kernels that do not contain the same drivers?
Said the kid with the Broadcom chip that doesn't know how to install the driver. It's called goggle the solution dumbass
I have an iBook g4. It can shitpost on 4chan ok, but youtube plays at 1-2 fps. I only use it in places where it can get damaged to not risk damaging my normal laptop.
solution is easy as fuckjust simply install the broadcom driver2015OS doesn't do this automatically
I used to dislike flat design but I feel like it allows you to focus more on the content.
windows doesnt install drivers automatically
Works On My Machine™
, 
, 
Do you think blocking ads will be illegal in the foreseeable future?
Once, I would have laughed at the idea of people trying to make adblock illegal.Now, I am afraid.
I'm not sure.But a few days ago the German court ruled that Adblock is not illegal. So there's still hope.
adblock illegalle_happy_merchant_having_a_blast.webm
I wouldn't care anyway.
We'll see a fight for sure. Look at the most popular chrome addons now.I use ad blockers on all 3 of my computers and all 4 computers I manage at the place I work.  Using windows isn't safe without adblockers
How will you enforce it?
doesnt matter. it is one of those impossible to police things.
No. We have never been forced to consume ads and it won't start now.those tabs
Wonder how many of the are botnets™
No, you retard. If you want people to stop using adblock on your site, you block the content for adblock users.That's going to happen more and more.
I always have at least 20 tabs open.
how in the name of gods will you do that
blocking adsillegal
It's easy. Lots of online video services are doing it already.
It already happens on a number of websites
I have 60 tabs open but my browser doesn't compress them into tiny tabs that show nothing of their content.
How will you enforce it?Maybe ban ad blockers from official installation places like chrome store and firefox addons site?2015+1God luck with installing unofficial extensions in Chrome and Firefox.No, you retard. If you want people to stop using adblock on your site, you block the content for adblock users.Not OP, but I don't think OP shills against ad blockers.
sorry i don't use flash wouldn't know. name one
edit hosts filego to jail
You can detect if ads get blocked.In page ads can be monitored by scripts, you can block the content if scripts aren't enabled.In video ads can be monitored by the player.
what is anti-adblock killer
You basically wait for the ad load on another server thread, if it doesn't happen then ban the user. But this will end in an endless back and forth battle. There's no winning. I can foresee adblockers downloading videos and websites for you, so you can skip ads etc.
use windows without a licensego to jailCopyright lawyers have no interest in logic.
Chromium and Firefox are FOSS nothing's stopping people from forking them and enabling 3rd party extensions.
God luck with installing unofficial extensions in Chrome and Firefox.both Chromium and Firefox have source available so it wouldn't be hard to fork it and make a version that does accept 3rd-party plugins
html5 player so far never did that.
I'd stop using anything that has ads.
how in the name of gods will you do thatloop {if {everything or 90% downloaded from our servers to this IP in 25 seconds}   then display_contentelse {block IP unless captcha filled and anti-adblock propaganda displayed}return loop}
The problem is that a huge amount of shit on sites isn't hosted from the site anymore, ads, scripts and shit are all loading from third parties because people are too lazy to actually integrate or work from the ground up.However that doesn't stop scripts from monitoring what is expected to be loaded and such.
pornhub
Listen, web devs and jews alike need to realize that I'll just stop consuming your crappy worthless content. Sometimes they even want me to pay to see it, you're joking right?But kiddies like /v/ can't contain themselves so they will win at the end of the day.
nah. Traditional internet advertising general banners and popups has never really worked, everyone knows that.The real money is in data mining. Your tracking data is sold to firms looking to target advertisements at you, where most adblock utilities seem to whitelist these targeted-ads by default see   because these firms offer them large sums of money to do so. Pretty much any add-on developer that becomes popular can potentially become obscenely rich by selling their user's tracking data.Most people use adblock yes, but most people don't seem to know the first thing about clearing their cookies, so tracking is still very common
Chromium and Firefox are FOSS nothing's stopping people from forking them and enabling 3rd party extensions.both Chromium and Firefox have source available so it wouldn't be hard to fork it and make a version that does accept 3rd-party pluginsFor fuck sake, think who are who which uses Internet today and tomorrow? Are they gonna migrate from "big name-good brand" browsers to their forks when "muh insecure, muh virus, muh stolen money" propaganda will be everywhere? I don't think so.Users of /g/ will be able block ads easily in every time. But what about another 3 billions of Internet users out there?
Lol who cares about them. Let them eat shit. So long as I can block ads on my computer and phone I'm fine.
less than 20% of people use adblock, who cars
The problem is that a huge amount of shit on sites isn't hosted from the site anymore, ads, scripts and shit are all loading from third parties because people are too lazy to actually integrate or work from the ground up.They can share information about what being downloaded to what IP in what time between themselves in real time without JS scripts being interpreted in user's browser. That's not how it typically works today, but it's possible.
I can use pornhub just fine with adblock edge
As long as people are in complete control of how they view content aka their browser of choice you will never be able to fully control what and how they view things.They'd need to completely lock down computers and browsers for them to even attempt to enforce anything.
They'd need to completely lock down computers and browsers for them to even attempt to enforce anything.Dear members of European Commission and US government:DON'T LISTEN TO THIS GUY!!!
It would be a pain though, and probably costly.It is hard to block certain parts of scripts from running and easy to block all content if certain scripts aren't allowed, so the JS solution is the simplest.
iOS doing a nice job on that.
It would be a pain though, and probably costly.Yes, but losing profit worth hundreds of billions of USD would be a pain to...
They'd need to completely lock down computers and browsers for them to even attempt to enforce anythingAnd that's exactly what Windows 10 is going to do.
Windows 10 isn't going to stop you running a different browser, and if you can run a browser of your choice then you can view a site however you want.You need to go full ecosystem lockdown like iOS does before you can even start to think you have control.
Since we're on the topic of ad blocking. What's stopping youtube from splicing ads directly in the video?Just cut the video at random points then re-assemble it into a single file with the appropriate ad for each user.That way you can't skip or block ads at all.
re encoding a video for every single playTotally viable
drive on highway, carefuly watching to not go over speed limit and other rules like safe distance from other carsheee hooo heee hooo'Hello officer, how can I help you?''That will be 1000€ for not looking at McDonalds billboard that was in first 1/3 of the highway, don't you know all billboards have cameras monitoring if drivers look at their ads and it's illegal to not look?'
Not re-encoding necessarily. Not the entire video at least.
'That will be 1000€ for not looking at McDonalds billboard that was in first 1/3 of the highway, don't you know all billboards have cameras monitoring if drivers look at their ads and it's illegal to not look?'2015+10
Now this is more possible in the foreseeable future.
Tell me, how you cut and splice into a video without encoding it to put it back together.This isn't the same as muxing something at the end/start. Putting something in the middle pretty much requires re encoding.Even if they were muxing an ad at the start of every video for every play for every user it would kill their servers.
keep video in 10 different piecesrandomly add an ad to a few of themstream pieces in succession if you try to skip ahead, they add another ad further down the video to punish you
People would write an API that would just receive the actual video streams and drop the ads.Unless the video you are watching is complete as one piece, people will get around it.
1st row: SoundCloudify privacy invasive or data mining, simply block ads, zenmate2nd row: Ultrasurf, evernote privacy invasive or data mining, Ghostery3rd row: all of them4th row: adblock pro, red ball probably has ads, adblock5th row: chrome to phone, ABP, ABS
Idk then google might try to develop some way to efficiently re-encode videos.Or the advance of technology will make it so cheap that it's worth it.
It will never be cheap enough to re encode every video for every viewer.Never.
Depends on net neutrality / if you are allowed to control what passes through your router.
if you are allowed to control what passes through your router.and how would they ever do that, given that you can literally just any number of free firmwares on a tonne of routers/make your own fucking router
It doesn't matter dick shit. You can't stop me. I can pretend to download all ads on a webpage and just not display it. Hell I can still run their javascript and emulate that I've seen them, I don't care.
No, I hope viral marketing deceptive software like uBlock will be illegal in the foreseeable future though.
2015+5using free firmware on his routerWhat are you? Terrorist? Pedo? Anarchist?Decent people have nothing to hide.
I also have nothing I want to show and I'm fully entitled to keep it that way, so fuck off or give us your access to your social and banking accounts ;^
You know nothing about p- and I-frames in modern video codecs then.It is completely feasible to encode a video with predetermined interrupt points where you could splice in an unrelated segment with pure concatenation, at the cost of bitrate efficiency drop at unused marker points.Streaming services would still need players that enforce don't-skip-past-scene-start functionailty though, etc.
I also have nothing I want to show and I'm fully entitled to keep it that way, so fuck off or give us your access to your social and banking accounts ;^"Public rights" are more then your individual rights so that would be 2,5 years in prison and 15.000 USD EUR penalty.
It is completely feasible to encode a video with predetermined interrupt points I didn't say it wasn't.It is not feasible, however, to do that millions upon millions of times a day, now is it?
So basically making firewalls illegal?
You still didn't fulfilled my public right of giving me acess to your private information, enjoy jail fag.
 being this retardedSplicing a byte sequence into an HTTP etc. file stream is completely computationally trivial via vectored io, etc. The logistics of managing this properly at all CDN end points to deliver the "right" ads is about a million times harder.
4 on Demand. Anti-Adblock Killer lists do nothing. It just doesn't work with an ad blocker installed.
Just use a host file.
Can someone make a program to export adblocker lists into a format for use in the hosts file? Wouldn't that bypass all adblocker detection systems as it doesn't have the plugin installed at all?
Sites don't detect the plugins majorly, they just detect that you didn't load the ads.
Fug. Is there no way to just load them and then not display them?
require code signing for all applications ie: ios. Won't stop it completely, but will effectively shut it down for the masses. Plus, if it's illegal jailbreaking sites would not be allowed to exist in the open internet. The war on security tools/general purpose computing is coming to the forefront, with laws being proposed that ban "intrusion software"
Adblock lists are way more flexible and most of the filters wouldn't translate because it doesn't work like that.Hosts files block domains and IPs. Adblock lists can block specific strings of text in addition to blocking domains and IP addresses.also this 
I like ublock
how do you create and use a host file?
Your OS comes with one, you dinger. Just put the sites in that you want to reroute, and the addresses of where you want them to go instead.
Depends on your OS and where you want it, I put mine on my router so it blocks network wide, google it or read the comments here.http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/
for Linux/OS X/Most unix-likes, it is in /etc/hosts No clue where on windows
windows\system32\drivers\etc\host
Windows, System32, Drivers, Etc
Of course it will.What do you even mean you DON'T want to be sold useless shit through disgusting Pavlovian psyops every waking moment? You don't have a right to deny us your attention on your own property goy!You mean you DON'T enjoy buying stupid shit every day to fill the void of living in this sick dystopian society, and instead you'd rather spend time and energy on bettering yourself through knowledge and introspection?Holy fucking shit, are you some kind of burger-hating terrurizer Anon????Why does it even matter?Do you faggots actually obey laws, and if so, fucking why?
It'll probably not be illegal in a foreseeable future, but things like transmitting a whole webpage with a EME-like DRM technology so you either view everything including ads or you don't have access are definitely possible.
people think sites are going to block people from viewing their shitwhat a jokeNobody would look at their shitty sitesA website doesn't have the right to exist if it can't exist on it's own.
Oh look, an edgemeister.
No because there's literally no way for it to be enforced.  And because ads can lower your computer's performance, a computer you presumably bought with your own money.And if it were illegal, would that really stop any of you from blocking them?
Yes. Never underestimate the greed of corporations and the corruption of the US justice system. Corps will cry we are stealing from them by not viewing ads, government will react by making ad blocks illegal by preventing "good, hard working corporations trying to earn an honest buck."

Do they use Google AdSense?If so, report them.Google's ToS forbid that you block access for people with AdBlock.
God luck with installing unofficial extensions in Chrome and Firefox.Just like uBlock origin right now, right?Fucking retard.
iirc eventhubs flat out redirected you and forced you to disable adblock. Never been back.
going to jail because I pissed the jew ad companies off by blocking adslel. I would love to see those faggots even try.
underrated post
because ads can lower your computer's performance, a computer you presumably bought with your own money.And advertisers gives a lot of fuck about it.
People were saying the same thing when they were downloading music and movies a couple of years ago.
Don't you know that when you don't allow ads into every facet of your life you're literally blocking food from entering a child's mouth? For shame!http://www.tomsguide.com/us/ad-blocking-is-stealing,news-20962.html
People are still downloading music and movies today. It's even easier now than it has ever been.
chrome is ugly as fuck
Firefox add-ons signing with inability to install anything else starting in summer 2015implying that Google = biggest advertising company in known universe doesn't want this tooI am retardDear fellow anon,if some court order ban on ad blockers, Google and Mozilla will have to take away ad blockers fromtheir extensions/addons places including removal of associated dev accounts and signatures.But hey, I am retard here.And I am again talking about 3 billions of Internet users, not about /g/'s users who knows ways around.
four oh deeanything worth watchingnice one m9
Don't you know that when you don't allow ads into every facet of your life you're literally blocking food from entering a child's mouth? For shame!http://www.tomsguide.com/us/ad-blocking-is-stealing,news-20962.htmlhttps://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/wiki/Tips-and-tricks-waterfall
were going to block you from watching our programs on our sitepls don't torrent our programs tho
That doesn't mean there won't be hacks and workarounds.  There's always a way, anon.  And there's always someone looking for that way.
temporarily disabled uBlock on pornhub because login hadn't worked for over a weekpeerblock blocked the IPs of their ad servers anyway
ad-block illegalWhat if i use host-files and fake cookies?
drink coke
If jailbreaking was considered illegal for years, I don't see how they can't outlaw modifying vital system files.
You can already block adblockerblockers and it's very easy, you can do it with the adblocker itself
This is some new level of cancer.
This is a non-issue. Mozilla has said that Firefox Beta and Developer edition will both have an option to install unsigned add-ons. I think they even said they'd be offering special editions of normal releases that will not have the restriction, although the downloads for these will of course not be as obvious to find.
For ublock oirgin what settings do you guys use? i want to try using it over ad-block plus. also is there a need for no-script or Request policy if using it?
http://www.tomsguide.com/us/ad-blocking-is-stealing,news-20962.htmlso salty ...
I never see any ads on pornhub and it works fine.
blocking unwanted informationillegalHoly fuck society has gone wrong if it comes to that
Out of curiosity, anybody know how adblockers make money? Do people donate or are they sponsored?
German court ruled AdBlock legalHoly shit, what? Was there an actual court case where somebody was pressing charges for using AdBlock? Did someone actually try to claim that AdBlock was illegal?Source?
They either get paid to allow "non-intrusive" ads, or they rely on donations.
Can you install Windows XP from a USB flash drive? How?
Yes. Install gentoo
Google search: "How do I create a bootable flash drive" yw op
Rufus doesn't work. I've done my homework, anon.
1st ask you're bios if it supports booting from a usb. Otherwise you will need to google search several workarounds, none of which will work.
It does. It's a sabertooth z77.
You're retardedextract iso to diskrun diskpartlist diskselect disk Xlist partselect part XactiveexitLike holy shit.
You don't have to be mean.
Using a 15 year old OSISHYGDDT
WinToFlashwintoflash.com
Missing bootmgr
Missing bootmgr
implying there's anything wrong with running windows XP
For those of us who haven't done this before, may I please confirm:extract iso to diskMeans "extract to the flash drive" andthe flash drive should be formatted in FAT32 ..?run diskpartlist diskselect disk X"disk X" means "select the flash drive the ISO has been extracted to?"list partselect part XactiveexitTIA, anyanon who's willing to type a "yes" or "no."
Install Hiren's boot CD on usb
 Missing bootmgrElaborate how to correct that, please?
Anyone on here a drone expert? I'm tossing up between buying a pre made system or building one myself.Any particularly good forums or brands that I should follow to get started?
i built a 250 quad racingand a 450 hex photographyi would build your own so when you crash and break it and you will you will know how to fix it.
aeroquad.combuilding your own would give you a sense of accomplishment as well as the pleasure of saying you built it yourself. expect to spend a few hundred though. Also, hand made quads can be a few times more powerful than prebuilt quads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5uDf9i_Yc
experti wouldnt say expert but.....
how much could  a normal drone carry?  could you put a teaser and chase and snap someone with it? That's how I dream of saving Denko from those bullies!  ´・ω・`
Yeah from what I can gather it will cost me a bit more than OEM systems, but hopefully save some costs further down the road.There is this LILY drone system that you can pre order now that has track and shoot tech.  Do you know if you can do the same sort of stuff with say a RaspPi that someone has already programmed?
my quad, cost about $450 USD in parts alone not counting crap like solder and stuff I already had.Does FPV and soon GPS functions, naza 32 flight controller.probably does at least 45 mph, 500m range for video about a mile for transmitter but you can't see it more than 150m away so you are limited by 5.8Ghz video range. I am upgrading from a 200mw to a 600mw video transmitter this weekend though.
forgot pic
I'm doing this alongside my uni research project, doing real time LIDAR analysis on drones and it needs to carry a fair bit of kit. All very early stages but need to start focusing on the drone side of things now. What weights do you get on quad rotor vs octo rotor?
Anything similar in Europe?
mini quads are boner inducing fun, i run mine of 4s and its so damm quick its stupid
each motor has a thrust rating so for a quad you take that times 4, for an octo times 8.so an octo will have 2 times the thrust of a quad at the cost of a bigger and heavier frame which gives it stability in the wind which is important at high altitudes.my quad has 2300KV not kilovolts motors which do ~450 grams of thrust each for a total of 1.8kg thrust and it weights about 400g.my hex has 1000KV motors which do ~700g thrust each giving about 4.2kg thrust and it probably weights about 1.5kg with frame and battery so it can carry a lot.rule of thumb is your craft's thrust should be about 2x its weight.
Looking for a birthday present for my 10yr old niece. Is the X4 quadcopter ok on amazon?
nice setup, that's a mean tilt on the camera.im still learning to pilot mine.cant get over how cool it is to fly way up and look over the city
Why aren't there any drones that can fly for an hour or more?
depends on the kid, they can take some practice to fly and if they are not interested they will give up.the syma x5 is super durable almost unbreakable and cheap. good for starting.
20-40 minute flight time is not unheard of on bigger drones 800cm size
Yeah but I'd love to have a nice tiny drone, which can fly all day, but I guess that isn't possible right now. Well maybe if i attach a helium balloon to it :^
soon my friend, soonhttp://www.gizmag.com/horizon-energy-systems-hycopter-fuel-cell-drone/37585/
There is no way to build one yourself and make it as good / same price as any of the pre-built shit. they're all cheaper and way more stable.. I've been watching them for about 5 years, I do robotics and shit all the time, air is a big one I want to get into but until lighter shit comes out I'll stick to aquatic / submerging / land
tfw I lost my Hubsan X4 last weekI still have the tx tho
not true. building your self saves money. your not paying someone else for the labor of assembly and the components are all pretty cheap.
make a mini blimp.. that's about your best option and it will be your best option, forever.instead of making it lighter than air, make it slightly heavier so you can have single motor push it up and down with ease and then directional motor.
X4Was it any good for a beginner?
That isn't true, go fuck yourself. There are lots of applications where DIY shit doesn't save money and lots of places where it does. $400 market of drones is a case where it does not.stop spreading bullshit. The DIY ones, computerizing, controlling quad motors, etc is just too much weight for DIY chipboards unless you're making your own PCB
thisespecially with raspberry pi and if you want to video you are going to have A BAD TIME.
just buy a flight controller stupid they start at like 15$.youtube is full of videos showing you how to build racing quads for ~$250 please show me a prebuilt  at that price that can do the same.
build one by yourself imho.if you have access to 3d printer frame should be easy,there are arduino programs for drone control.i've only piloted drones - few times at my uni - the highest ammount one of them could lift was 1kg. it could fly for 15min.
the controller just uses rc.. that's not hard to do yourselfu dum?
samefag herecheap, less than 400-500 usd drone would clost LESS than building one by yourself - that's the info straight from my profwho builds and designs them
nice Yeah a tiny steampunk blimp which follows me all day would be nice.
you do realize this is a sped up video right?
http://hus.sg/
duh.. as I've said multiple timesit fucking pisses me off, believe me I am madyea I actually just had that idea in this thread, might design one cuz that shit would actually work better than any quadricopter
do what yourself build and design a flight controller? why waste the time when you can spend $15 on a cc3d and be done with it.
yea, why waste time building a shitty drone when you can buy better for the same price?as I've FUCKING SAID, and 2 other people already agreed.in that low price range it is not a good DIY thing.
Yeah I have a 3D printer arriving in a few months time, which the purchase was influenced by making drone parts. How easy is it to setup FPV stuff? And get some distance on the drones for photography / observation work?
Yeah i wish I could mak one myself, but I've never done anything like that so yeah..
Why is everyone calling these drones? I thought this was /g, a board all about technology.
dude your a fool building a quad is easy and the parts are cheap.show me a cheap prebuilt and ill give you a parts list that will be cheaper to build yourself.the quad makers get the same parts you do then charge you to put it together stupid.i have build sub 400$ quads and there isn't any prebuilt that can do what they can for less money.quit talking out of your ass
nobody said it was hard and nobody said they weren't cheapbut me the fool and that other guys professor disagree with you, it's cheaper to buy the pre-built ones and they perform betterthe endget mad, guyhttp://www.instructables.com/id/13-RC-Blimp/that blimp is fuckin swag
well i offered to prove you wrong by parting out any prebuilt you can find to show you its cheaper to make yourself and it will perform the same or better because you don't build the flight computer you buy the same one that is in the prebuilt but you declined so we can just agree to disagree.
No it´s not.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWx_TbNR2uo
Walkera especially Walkera Nordic has great service and the best drones on the market right now.
Because you can easily make them into one, following gps and the like.
depends, do you want to have a cool project to work on?build one yourself, you'll learn a lotdo you want to fly it aroundand make neat aerial photographs?you're probably better off with a prebuilt or  assembling ready made parts
my deam would be a drone which could bring me beer when i call it using a phone app
why haven't you installed archlinux on a usb drive to take wherever you go?
arch linuxlol
something funny?
he doesn't get itlol
lollol
i might be an autist but im not fully retarded
kek
Using a meme OS
OP , on his travels just happens to come a across a wild computer and immediately jumps to its commands, inserts his usb drive and boots into arch linux to begin his daily ricing routine
you never know what the future holds
fuckin lol, one can dream...And to the op, I've thought about this, but can only think of a few situation where its helpful, so I leave it on a usb key in my desk drawer.  No point carrying it around
if you need to run an os after your hard drive dies
This made me imagine OP jumping on a fox, raping it to hell with a goddamn USB DRIVE, then breaking its neck out of frustration when it "doesn't just werk".This is what I come to /g/ for.
I don't have to be on a computer when I'm out, Anon...
Thats why I have it and keep it in my desk.  I dont actually 'need' my laptop with me for anything, so if my hdd dies on the go I can wait to get home to fix it.  I'd bring it with me if I was traveling or actually depended on my laptop.  If my computer fucks up at work we're literally not allowed to fix it because corporate reasons, so I get to take an extended lunch/rest of the day off waiting for tech to fix it.
what if youre on vacation and need to watch porn on someone else's computer?
Wouldn't having Debian be wiser? If it's a backup Os, ArchLinux wouldn't be my first choice. You could also keep Kali or one specially designed for anonymity

what if you need the AUR?
Because I already have Puppy on it, silly.
I've been using the xmmp chat api from facebook to send messages at a large group of users in order to promotionate my app. I'm no longer capable of do that because the xmpp API has been deprecated. Do you know any other cheap tactic to make my known?
promotionate Kill you're self
promotionateWell sry faggot, "advertising"
I bet that you faggot don't even know how to do proper spamming
So much fagotness that you even don't know how to code in Pascal
What kind of vehicle to /g/ drive?  As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?
I will never buy a car without a heated steering wheel. After using heated seats, the wheel just feels as cold as my feels.
/o/
Something I can get bear dose in, so basically a VL Turbo.
As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?As little tech as possible. Seriously. If you live in the rust belts, its more shit that will be destroyed by road salt. Plus I don't enjoy the fact that an insignificant sensor can throw my vehicle into limp mode on the highway, or make me fail mandatory vehicle testing.
I Drive the new Mercedes A-Class, and that has some pretty good tech for iphone compatibility
This.The car industry is so laughably slow at adapting and integrating new tech into cars, I actively avoid anything that uses more sensors or gadgets or motors to do shit.For one, that stuff is gunna break real fast.  Two, it's probably a proprietary part design and will be needlessly hard or expensive to repair or replace.Three, fucking none of it lives for longer than 4 years of usefulness.It's baffling difficult to find a car older than 2005 that has DIN ready stereo slots so I can install a bluetooth head unit or already has a bluetooth ready stereo.
What kind of vehicle to /g/ drive?anything that i need to or is asked to driveAs a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?that it worksop needs to be more specificyes
not manual transmissiondisgusting
go to local dealershit to buy shitty SUV for other halfask for manual so I wont totally hate driving itsorry sir, we didn't order any manualswhy the fuck not?because nobody buys them sirmaybe that's because you don't fucking order any!
this.automatics should be illegal. i know an automatic one is easier and all, but it ruins the experience for me, and you lose that extra control over the car.and a lot of people don't even know how to use one. seriously how do you have a license but don't know how to use a fucking manual transmission?most cars you have to go up multiple accessory packs to get a manual, when did they change place and automatic got to be the standard?its just sad
Only in the land of "freedom"
what?
A bike.Cars are a massive money sink, fuck that shit.  I'd rather use my money for travel and leisure time than work my entire life just to buy a bunch of useless shit
needing training wheels
Europe is still largely manual transmissions, and they split their licensing system in most places to transmission type. So a person who uses a manual on their drive test receives a license for manual and automatic transmissions, but a person who uses an automatic on their drive test can only drive automatic transmissions
daily reminder that you dont own your car:http://boingboing.net/2015/05/21/gm-says-you-dont-own-your-ca.html
I'm jelly. I wish our drive instructors would teach us stick. I really don't know anyone that can drive stick.
owning a car made after 1990
your mom drove my stick last night, lololz
A cheap sedan because fuck cars.
Simple construction, so that if it breaks it can be fixed without going to car sorcerers.
One that respects my freedoms
it just werks
Absolutely no infotainment except a standard radio with an aux jack and bluetooth, and a convenient spot to stick my phone mount. Sorry to automakers if I don't feel like a glitchy touchscreen that became out of date before it rolled out of the factory is something I want in a car that I fully expect to use for 5-10 years. Even tesla's 'innovative' bigass screen looks laggy in the videos.
has SYNC, and it works flawlesslyDuratec 35 DOHC rated at 25 hwy, but gets closer to 29 with cruise control6 speed trannywould recommend
As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?pussy magnet feature to be standard feature. pic related
OK Elliot
kek, if he'd still be alive he'd surely get a prize for his unseen before faggyness.
all they would need to do his see the pretentiously faggy pics he put up on fb, the bimmer would never have helped
Do you know what it's like in Germany? I've been holding off on getting my driver's license for the past 6 years now, and I wonder what the easiest way to at least get one would be.Can I do an automatic-only test in Germany or are manual transmissions still required?
Not the guy you are quoting but just do the manual one wtf it's easy as shit after getting used to it and you will be able to enjoy driving more if you ever buy a manual car.
I don't want to enjoy driving. I don't even want to drive. I don't even want a driver's license.I just feel pressured by society to at least have one.
What kind of vehicle to /g/ drive?Chrysler 300S 5.7 V8As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?hektik skids and comfy
huh. in denmark its mandatory to learn how to use, and take your drivers test with a manual transmission
what kind of vehicle does /g/ drive?06 altimaas a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?a piece of machinery to get me aroundnot that big into cars
Fun, performance focused cars without unnecessary luxus comfort features and electronics.My "dream car "car that I could buy some years after graduating would prolly be one of the following: - Toyota GT86- Subaru WRX STI- Renault Megane RS
2002first car with electronic parking break led taillights adaptative suspensionvariable steering rack11 speaker hificd, dvd, cassete player, tv6cd playerreplaced by a bluetooth moduletwo phones inside the car sunroof with solar panel bixenonkeyless entryelectric shadesmassaging seats
Then don't do it, faggot. What kind of shit logic is that?
5 speed stick and almost no options just sun roof, power windows, and a bluetooth radio i had put inI'm not a car nut, so i don't really give a shit about the usual high performance stuff. It gets pretty good mileage 42 on the highway, is easy to keep clean pretty much the entire cargo load floor is hard plastic, and it's good in the snow.All in all, it's the perfect car for me.inb4the m/o/ngoloids show up and whine about it not being an acceptable penis substitute.
automatics should be illegal.not illegal. i know a few people who have trouble using a clutch as they get older, so i'm fine with automatics existing.that said, you shouldn't be able to get a drivers license without  being able to drive stick. i'm convinced that driving stick makes you a better driver.
first car with electronic parking breakAnd should have been the last.
nice Toyota
lesbian limo fistbumpthey really are perfect for some parts of the country
heh you don't need a manual parking break, it is a stick shift tho and despite it's size, the engine, the nice feedback from the steering wheel and the beautifull stick shift make it an enjoyable drive
I just feel pressured by society to at least have one.that only happens in murrika with out death trap public transportation.you can get around everywhere i've been in europe without even getting in a car, let alone driving one.
sub dog shit tier
/g/ aren't the 4x4 type generally
first car with electronic parking breakhay guise!!! lets take a dead simple safety feature that's been working without fail since it was fucking invented and make it just a little bit more failure prone and then sell it as a feature!
I drive a 2014 Kia Forte, mostly because I liked it the best out of all the cars my wife and I went back and forth on. Was able to get the higher trim level for $17,000 cash as well. It's really not that impressive of a car, but I really only need it to drive 12 miles back and forth to work every day. Didn't seem necessary to spend more. Guess I'm not really into cars.
what
yup. one of the reasons i bought it was because it was 2/3rds working-brake-toyota.
An auxiliary port, charging port and heated seats.
Like this but gray.
here's a feature that i want in a carwindows that roll up when it fucking rains.cars have all kinds of shit designed to make it easier for complete retards to drive. automatic transmissions, auto headlights, auto windshield wipers, so why the fuck can't they do this?
because people like to drive with their windows open when it's raining lightly
I actually run into issues; eg. I can't stay at the local weekly CCC meetings for as long as I'd like to because the last train I can comfortably take home leaves at 10pm.
i'm not talking about when the car is moving. i'm talking about when it's parked and a massive rainstorm hits and completely soaks every seat in my car in 30 seconds despite the windows only being cracked open.i should just buy those fucking plastic wind deflectors.
the take a cab that one day
cruise controlACABSThat's about it. Pretty sure most modern cars have these, if not on the base trim then on the one just above.
mfw i like car threads on /g/ more than /o/.
why do you leave your windows open when parked? doesn't your alarm go nuts?If I left my car open for two hours it would get robbed
That's actually a pretty neat idea
I've never taken a cab before in my life. Social interaction like that would terrify me. Also, wouldn't it be absurdly expensive to do so every week? It's about a 30 minute trip.
GT86my individual of the nigger varietyshame they don't sell them in the US, they look better than the FR-S imoI get that Toyotas are known as econoboxes here but I don't get how they thought it would be better to badge it as a Scion instead, that's even worse
my car is dark grey, it sits in the sun, and it was 90 degrees yesterday.and i live in a semi-rural new england town where people don't go around niggering shit up.i'm seriously considering working out how to do it and selling it as a kit.
not even uber?
stand on street or call ahead depending on where you areget in cabverify that they're not the rape/murder kind of cab"5th and autism, please"they drive you to whereever you asked to go or rape/murder youpayget outstop being a walking cliche, you fucking child.
2000 S80Comfy, smooth ride, built like a tankOnly problem is it's not cheap to maintain unless you're good at jury-rigging
basically what my truck looks like2000 silverado
fucking kek
My car has 0 electronics past the ecuFuck off mate
good old vulvas.my grandfather drove volvos since the '60s and swore by them until his death. one of them was 350,000 miles when he died. pretty sure it's still on the road 6 years latter.
if your truck iscleanricedliftedyou're a faggot.unless you tow something frequently. then it can be clean.
2001 Toyota Corolla. Its alright but radio and one window are fucked
hot pink miata with truck nuts on the rearview mirror
Why not buy used then if you literally dont give a shitA 500d car would have served the same function
what my truck looks likeobviously I don't polish my truck every day. i work security on a ranch which basically means driving in circles all day offroad, the owner of the ranch paid for the lift and tires on it.
Automatic transmissions keep the driver from abusing the transmission. They also keep the car shifting in the lower power band where its more fuel efficient, sure a manual driver could do this but is unlikely they will every time. At least in America cars with manual are more expensive because they have several other options enabled as well, i never see manual transmissions on the base models. I actually like that everyone drives an automatic, i see people do dumb enough shit during low speed maneuvers, i think its better if the retards dont also have to juggle a clutch and shifter. its safer for everybody
i'm gonna guess1 tax write off if it's a business thing2 company paid3 he doesn't know any betterthe forte is a damn good little econbox, though.
I leave my car unlocked at all timesNothing in it is more expensive than a windowIf a thief wants a car a lock or rolled up window will not stop them
I'd like a telsa.
i work security on a ranch which basically means driving in circles all day offroadyou're excused.
Also the fact that companies are trying to make modifying your vehicle's ECU a copyright violationthink about that.you can pay $100,000+ for a sports car and be sued for modifying something you own.
Having driven them, they arent even close to being worth the moneyUnless you livee in cali and the tax breaks make it as cheap as a corollaAt which point the corolla is still a better car just not electric
not buying the the superior Toyota
Automatic transmissions keep the driver from abusing the transmission. They also keep the car shifting in the lower power band where its more fuel efficient, sure a manual driver could do this but is unlikely they will every time.At least in America cars with manual are more expensivewrongi never see manual transmissions on the base models.frequently manuals are available ONLY on the base models. look at every subaru, ford, or chevy on the market.its safer for everybodyit'd be safer for everybody if they weren't allowed to drive at all. driving it too easy, so all kinds of scum drive like assholes.
Step up fag boy
you can pay $100,000+ for a sports car and be sued for modifying something you own.I heard they also don't want to consider car owners as actually "owning" their car either. Even if it's all paid off and they hold the title, you still don't actually "own" it.
Shameful shame bro fist
leaf  tesla
Basically the same thing I got except as the BRZ and in black.
gotta love a car designed to feel like it's going fast at normal speeds.
I really don't think that car was designed for speed of any kind.
cruise controlautomatic ACtake the rest, fuck the best
You're fucking 24 and you're acting like me when I was 17i dont want to drivei feel pressuredJeez what the fuck man just get a driving license and be done with it. You're acting like a lil pussy
where i live the cheapest new cars at all my local dealers are all automatic transmission. Manuals were available but on upgraded models. Maybe thats just specific to the 4-5 dealers i went to in Western Washington, but i doubt it. I think if the people that were shitty drivers had to drive their same commutes but on a manual transmission, they would still drive and still be shitty drivers.The only benefit i've ever enjoyed in a manual transmission is the ability to push start it. Its much more difficult to abuse my automatic transmission than a manual, i'd say almost impossible as long as you do all your driving while its in gear. I'm no car guru but if my 99 toyota avalon were a manual transmission it would probably be on its 3rd clutch by now, but its an auto and its never had any transmission issues whatsoever.
Guy at a Mk3 meet I went to had a nice SW20 turbo. I like them but they scare the shit out of me.
that's your dealer.go on the manufacturer sites and check. manuals are always cheaper unless something horrible happened in the last 6 months.
*chuckles* Well, friend. I'm no automobile manufacturer, but when I drive, I prefer gripping the aluminum shaft of the all new Apple iDrive
I asked the sales guys about it because i expected them to be cheaper also and they all pretty much said the same thing. They dont get ordered, especially in the cheapest base models, because they just sit on the lot forever and never get purchased. Sometimes they get somebody that will only buy a manual and is willing to pay a little more for it, so they stock some manuals,  but its so infrequent and its usually the opposite, somebody that will only buy an automatic, and is looking for a good value car. I guess i could have put down a down payment and ordered one new from the manufacturer but thats not really how I want to buy a car.
is it an american car dealer?domestic cars almost never sell manuals. german and japanese car deals will always have a base model manual instock. i think it's required, tbh.
Automatic transmission is a lot of stuff added to the transmission as opposed to it simply not being there in a manual. It costs manufactures more to implement in a car therefore the dealers sell them for more.
Hopefully it was a rev 1If its anything past rev 1 it shouldnt scare you cause they dont even turn
pop up headlightssecond only to lambo doors for MAXIMUM RICE
said no one, ever.
Its not bad, its quite responsive and without any electronic engine management shit or electronics in general, on the other hand ac is a bit shit, sound system is only radio and cd player but it has like 4 relatively powerful speakers  so surprisingly it sounds alright
manlet detectedI couldn't fit in a 2001 toyota corolla if they removed the front seat
Popups aren't riceYou dont understand rice
fat fuck detectedi'm 6'3" and comfortably fit in most midsize cars.
they're another point of failure with absolutely no benefit beyond impressing teenagers.
I have a 21 speed bike. Front and rear wheel brakes, gear shifts, retroflectors, it has technology.Often, with cars, it seems, the 'technology' they add and advertise, is mostly annoying entertainment stuff. The stuff I would care about is more airbags, visibility, how much force the fram can withstand.That is technology, and that is what should be looked for in a car. Not bluetooth, not hands free calling systems; you really should not be on your computer/phone to begin with. It is a car. It moves stuff.
21 speed bikeanything above 10 is retarded
Ford is the only reputable brand for entry level vehicles
Ford is shit
I drive a 2006 Chevrolet Impala LT with the 3.5L V6 engine and the 4T65-E automatic transmission. The handling is crap and the engine runs out of puff fairly quickly but I love the car because it is dead simple and outrageously reliable. I've owned it since 2009 and it has 320,000 kilometres, not once has it given me an ounce of trouble. The odd time something does break or wear out, I can source parts for close to nothing since there are literally millions of these fuckers. I can always depend on this car and it's good in my books because of that. Front bench seats and column shifter is also the most underrated layout in the world, shame nobody does it anymore. Here's what I would avoid like the fucking plague in a vehicle:Any unnecessary electronic complications like blind spot monitoring, backup cameras, radar cruise control, fifty million engine sensors to give an extra 0.5 litres per 100km, or anything that is just going to break/cause troubleAny technology that gives a third party the ability to remotely monitor speed, driving habits and/or location of the vehicleHard drive-based entertainment systems, smartphone integration, USBTransmissions with more than 6 forward gearsAnything and everything made by Volkswagentl;dr avoid technology in vehicles. Akina Speed StarsI fucking knew it.
only american brand, maybe.
You don't even need a parking brake at all
I have a dual fuel 1.6 vauxhall astra, I will literally never buy a car that doesn't run on LPG ever again. It's genuinely changed my life and finances. I live in Britain, and pay £25 to fill the tank. On a motorway I get 350 miles out of it. I fill the petrol up twice a year.Nobody even knows about LPG, it's the 4chan of fuel!
Post-1990 OpelI guarantee you that fucker has an ECU, even if it is a dead simple one, there is electronic engine management lurking somewhere under the hood.You actually don't want the frame to withstand too much force. If it does not crumple properly to absorb the impact of a crash, the force is transferred into you, the occupant.
/thread
You don't even need a parking brake at allHoly fuck, you got to be kidding meEnjoy destroying your parking pawl
Nobody even knows about LPG, it's the 4chan of fuel!a everyone knows about the internet hate machine that is 4chanb lpg is great. the van at work is lpg. we can fill it up right on site and it's surprisingly efficient.
Ford is the only reputable brand for entry level vehiclesWhat? Fucking Japanese brands literally make their bread and butter making the most reputable, most reliable, longest lasting entry level vehicles.I like Ford plenty, but you're a fucking retard.
Sorry i offended you o supreme taste masterTruth is yeah theyre shit in all practical sensesBut they're fully sick and if you dont thats just an opinion m8Pretty much definitively not rice though, just a gimmick
gimmick is OEM rice.
Texas platesFartcan exhaustBeat of the Rising SunHow have you not been lynched yet?
As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?as little tech as possiblemanual gearboxfull size backup wheelfuck radio
/thread
Actually computers are not important past having a modernish radio with usb/aux etc to me. I did replace the speakers too that were just shot with decent modern ones that didnt protrude or anything fit in the stock positions.I drive a 97 Mazda MX-5 Miata... 5 speed.I upgrade my computer every 2 years or so usually with the latest but I plan to keep the car along for as long as the engine holds out, and then probably rebuild that. Been very reliable and there's hardly anything to go wrong it's very simple and well made.
As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicleThe lack of tech.
It's designed to be a solid platform for people who want to tune it with aftermarket parts for different usecases. You could buy a supercharger which would bump the HP to 270 if you want more power.
You must have some serious misconceptions about Texas. And its actually a functional exhaust
Youre pulling shit out of your ass, manual transmissions are mushmuch better on your car, its harder to abuse one compared to an auyonatic which will shift at the wrong times and retards who just put the pedal to the metal and fuck everything up. Manuals are cheaper in the us as they are everywhere because they are much easier and cheaper to make. And manuals come with most base models, why wouldnt they? They are literally much easier to produce than automatics. And more people have manuals is a good thing, it means no texting and driving and more focused drivers. Please dont talk about cars.
Pretty much this.German engineering ;^
any technology that allows a third party to monitor speed, driving habits, and/or location of the vehiclekek, like OnStar?
Don't feed the troll.You also get chicks respect if you drive a manual in America because it's so uncommon and looks like you're taking charge... which are you yourself of the transmission. Less thieves can steal it... etc. There is like 99% pros and the 1% con is it sucks more in traffic. But theres about 20 other cons to being in traffic so it doesnt really save the experience driving an auto.
I am unhackable
21 speedmore like 3 sets of 7 speedstoo much overlap to really call it a 21 speed  more airbagssure thing there, lol
Those US bumpers back then yikes lol. Anyway yeah awesome color and car man.It is nice being unhackable :
I drive this because I still live with mom, and...HOLY FUCK THE PLACEBO EFFECT IS STRONG IN THIS ONE!Thank's Hyundai.
These bumpers will save your frame
i own 2 E30's one is LS1 swapped, other is turbo m50. best cars ive ever driven beats literally anything you can name. also have owned a E30 vert and a e30 ix.
As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?the least amount of tech possible
2015 Ford Fusionremote startheated steering wheel and seatscooled seats12 speaker sound system with bluetooth and USBsupremely comfysupplemented with4G LTE cell phone boosterdashcamradar detector + LIDAR jammerTouch sensitive controls are annoying though. Ford seems to have recognized the mistake and in future models merely have the screen be a display and show some less frequently used controls while providing tactile buttons for more often used functions.
you clearly don't know anything about cars so you might as well stop shit posting before you get banned.
buying German anythingGoobypls.After working for SAP I don't think I could ever find it within myself to buy a German car.
He thinks every GM vehicle has OnStarkekBut yes, like OnStar. Why people pay extra for the right to be watched is beyond me.
E30faith in /g/'s car knowledge restored
Don't forget that the OS that runs all of Ford's cars is open source.http://openxcplatform.com/Ford's a pretty cool company in general. I'm probably going to make my next car a Ford based off of their OS alone.
FUCKING THIS.when shit breaks, it cost tons more to replace.I have an electeic seat that stopped working when my sister drove it, now I have to sit in the CLOSEST UNCOMFORTABLE POSITION TO THE STEERING WHEEL.Three days ago the electric fuel cap release stopped working while running on  empty. Adding all this tech to cars means more shit will need to be replaced for a higher price.
I drive a 2015 RAV4 XLE. Backup cameras and Bluetooth compatibility are the only things that I really want in a car in terms of tech.The center console touch screen is handy sometimes but becomes very distracting when im driving at night.
What happened while you were working for SAP? General German anal attitude towards everything? Pedantic motherfuckers ignoring the big picture?
I like my Ford but MyFord Touch sucks. Sync 3 upcoming will be based on BlackBerry QNX which is what the majority of the industry runs but the shit they run  now is Windows CE based. OpenXC is a cool idea and I welcome Ford's attempt to open the standard though.
General German anal attitude towards everythingAnal attitude I can get.Pedantic motherfuckers ignoring the big picture?Huge degree. Product direction and functionality supremely hurt over two guys in Germany having an ego trip and designing against each other. Product supportability is a nightmare when things bounce around twenty times because it's so over-engineered it takes forever to find the real cause.
2005 VW gol 1.6.Its what I could afford so I love it, parts are cheap as fuck.
87 ford ranger. I live dead center of everything in my town, i never have to drive more than 5 minutes to get to anything, not even my job. A new car would be a waste of money that i could spend on luxuries for my home.
What kind of vehicle to /g/ drive?Opel Corsa, 2001what do you look for in a vehicle?Steering, breaks, wheels, seat. The engine too.
A noname bicycle I bought for 60€. Driving a car in this town is pure madness.
so over-engineered it takes forever to find the real causeSounds like everything German, ever. Which is why they lost the war.My dad had to get about $18,000 worth of work done to his '07 BMW 535i in the past 6 months; failing turbos, failing catalytic converters, failing engine computers, etc. Meanwhile, I don't think my 2003 Saturn L200 has had $18,000 worth of maintenance done to it over the course of its entire lifetime not including the two Asian-induced accidents that caused about $3000 in damage each. And I don't think Saturn L-cars were ever renowned for their stellar reliability. But the BMWs are so complex that even just diagnosing a problem takes specialized techs hours upon hours of time our local mechanic could never figure out what was wrong, and then there's the whole issue of actually fixing the problem. Labour is tough, parts are expensive.Thankfully, most like 90% of the repair cost was covered by BMW under warranty. But apparently, every month there are people who bring in their ~8 year-old BMWs to the dealer with a really bad problem, find out they need about $8,000 worth of work just outside the warranty, and then proceed to abandon them because the car is worthless at that point.
Hybrid Highlander. I make sure the car looks good and works good. That's all.
manual transmissions are mushrooms better on your carwhat i read
OJ Simpson is that you?
don't buy a bmw. they're spent the last 30 years perfecting a shitty design.vw diesels are the only german cars i'd ever buy, and have. 2003 TDI jetta reporting. 300k miles and still kicking.
Nah, my gloves fit and I drive over 25 miles per hour.
Driving a 2009 g37XSome things I like..memory seats/mirrorsrear view cameraWish list for next carbluetooth audiobetter cruise control that will keep the car in its own lanecooled seats
better cruise control that will keep the car in its own laneyou're fucking retarded
generally speaking cars are less costly to maintain than ever before.They don't break down as often and when things do break yes it tends to be more costly, but its still over all cheaper for the consumer.
1998 Ford Explorer XLT.Getting a 1995 Bronco soon. Gonna be OJ style.
1995 Bronco soonFuck yeah, Broncos are awesome.I am  btw
why ?Driving 100+ miles can be really fucking boring.
all GM cars since the 2000s are equipped with OnStar, whether you choose to pay for the service is up to you, but Mercedes has this and VAG products do as well, shit most of the heavy hitters like BMW, Lexus, Merc, Bentley, etc. all have them, and it doesn't matter if you're paying for the service, if they want to track you they can
Yeah I just noticed that post after I made mine. My compadre.
All of you youngsters with your 10+ year old vehicles are making me feel old!Interesting picks all around though.
I was about to say, I don't know why so many people have this obsession with VW. Here in North America they have terrible durability. Electronics failing all the timeIdiotic designs like running the fuel pump off the camshaftThrown rods and other engine fuckery is a givenRust, rust, rust on every single Mark IV Jetta in existenceGranted points 2 and 3 don't apply to the diesel engines, but I am pretty unimpressed with all German offerings in general. I know /o/ rages about new Volvos being unreliable or whatever, but they are fucking shining beacons of reliability compared to the Teutonic equivalent. Even my brother's Saab 9-5 hasn't had any Kraut-tier catastrophic failures, despite the fact that everyone shits all over Saabs for being unreliable granted, the car has minor fuckups all the time, but it's always some bullshit $50 electronic part.
Not him, dude with the '03 Saturn here... there is no trace of any OnStar components in my vehicle. The only major electronic components are as follows:ECUBody Control ModuleTransmission Control ModuleTraction Control ModuleIt doesn't even have one of those "black boxes" insurance companies are now using to track your driving habits. And it's not even like I'm spewing shit here, I've got the dealer maintenance manual and I've worked on my car plenty of times, so I think I would have noticed satellite transmission equipment by now. But according to you, it ought to have some hidden OnStar function somewhere.You got a source for your claim?
An aux port so I can listen to my Japanese music from my Clip+.
Japanese musicit better be Eurobeat you're listening to, Dagumi
You can get whats basically a piece of plastic that sticks to the area above the door that comes down about 3/4 of an inch over the window and allows you to have it cracked without worrying about water. Unless you live in Australia, where it rains upside down.
Promise you don't laugh.
You got a source for your claim?No, he doesn't, because its bullshit. Onstar integration into EVERY vehicle is only a fairly recent thing.
God, this is such a slow piece of shit. Not sure if it's the CVT or the HR15DE engine.
then take a bus or train
the diesel VWs are outstanding. I've had no problems with mine.and they're the last decent looking german cars.
You can get whats basically a piece of plastic that sticks to the area above the door that comes down about 3/4 of an inch over the window and allows you to have it cracked without worrying about water. Unless you live in Australia, where it rains upside down.i placed the order 10 minutes after i posted that, actually.fucking rain.
What does /g/ think of Crossovers on general? Everyone and their mother seems to be jumping into the bandwagon now. Thinking of getting the Subaru XV myself...
its the CVT, they're huge piece of shit and caused me to never by Nissan except for Infiniti
one of 2 cars to stop me dead in my tracks because of how ugly it is.literally stopped me.walkinglooknot walkingfuck ugly possible giant scarab or somethingoh its a carfuckkeep walking
but the Juke R project was very interesting pic related
Subaru XVmy personal favorite. best in the snow, the body doesn't rust, and a lower center of gravity than most others, especially with the ground clearance 8.5 inches.PROTIP: crossovers are just tall station wagons. people think station wagons are second only to soccer-mom vans in terms of pussy rides, so they have to rebrand them.
Juke RICEthat's so much worse. holy fuck.CVTs are such a great idea, but i've never seen one in a normal car that didn't suck.
god, don't get the XV, its slow as balls and you can get better gas mileage from other choices CVT, and AWD doesn't mean shit if you don't have proper tires on it, if you want a crossover, consider the Mazda CX-5 with either the SkyActiv turbo diesel or SkyActiv 2.5 I-4
AWD doesn't mean shit if you don't have proper tires on itthis is true of FWD, too. get good, season appropriate tires. no exceptions if you live somewhere that actually has seasons.i like the crosstrek, though. i liked my impreza, too, but the crosstrek is a bit better in the crazy snow we get here.
Juke RICEU FOCKING WOT M8, this was designed and made by Nissan engineershas GT-R powertrain and drive trainremoved the backseats because the fronts had to be pushed back due to size of the motorevery single design change has a purpose, not to flashy like RICE
As a tech conscious person what do you look for in a vehicle?None, zero whatsoever.Electronics in cars are the most fucking retarded thing ever. Yes, there are some things that work well like EFI, your cars ECU, and other random solid state electronics but in general advanced electronics in cars are a fucking unmitigated disaster.Don't believe me? Just go ahead and read this shit:http://imgur.com/gallery/kBTT0/Enjoy.When someone crows on about "muh self driving cars" I just post this shit and watch them shut the fuck up.
every single design change has a purposemake an ugly car appealing to teens?
2015 hyundia elantraquite the comfy ride
for all the "economy" you get in an XV, you can get in a CX-5 without the CVT trans, and it looks 1000X better, trust me when I say that if you like Imprezas you will be sorely disappointed by the XV
no, to keep the fucking thing planted on the road  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jx2MnKZNmwM
Having to get a fucking flatbed truck when your flimsy 4x4 shit breaks down.I bet you own a jeep too faggot.
2004 honda civic se5 speed manualaftermarket pioneer deckthats it thats all, smooth ride
Overpriced shit. They also have absolutely shite tier interiors, dear fucking Christ.The only good thing about Tesla is that it'll encourage other makers to compete with it, maybe.
Self driving cars are about loss of life and accidents not about the over all reliability of the vehicle.and again, cars are more reliable today than in the past.http://www.nydailynews.com/autos/study-shows-cars-reliable-article-1.1317954http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/vehicles-said-to-be-more-reliable-than-ever-1.1391997if people didn't want these electronics in their cars , manufacterers wouldn't have put them in.talking about chevy and reliability in the same post not trolling
i own an xv and i'm very happy with it. i wish it had some pockets in the trunk, though.I don't mind mazdas. we looked at several of them before we bought the subarus, but they're not what i wanted in a car.also, the cx5 is ugly as shit. that smiling chick grille is awful.
Christ, dude you read my mind. I absolutely hate the idea of a car that is dependant upon a computer for normal function.
Is there any meaningful difference between FWD and AWD systems?
1999 jeep grand cherokeethe most advanced thing in it is the sony receiver that I got that has bluetooth
I can source parts for close to nothing since there are literally millions of these fuckersBecause it's a fleet car, that's kind of the point. I fucking hate it though, niggers love their fucking Impala's for some reason.all GM cars since the 2000sThe Chevrolet Impala is a fleet car and in general isn't equipped with OnStar.
Seriously, OP, this.
FWD - only the front wheels have powerAWD - power is distrubted to all wheels depending on which have traction.it's more complictade than that, but AWD is better for rain and snow driving. it also rapes FWD or RWD on a race track, which it why it's now banned at most races.
are you fucking retarded?AWD = all wheel drive = all 4 wheels of the vehicleFWD = front wheel drive = just the front wheels
all 4 wheels is 4wd.awd has power go to which ever wheels have traction.4wd is brute force traction.
besides the drive train ?I don't even know what you are asking.There is a big difference in driving experience, but lets face it you might only notice the differences between AWD and FWD/RWD when you are pushing your car hard , when its slippery or both.
I'm going to guess he meant 4WD four wheel drive not front wheel drive, and just goofed.
vw diesels are the only german cars i'd ever buyWoah there nigger, the Mercedes Benz W114's-W115's diesel's with their million mile engines still smoke anything Volkswagen has ever made.And IIRC, Volkswagen prohibits the manufacture of third party replacement parts so enjoy paying out the ass for shit.
new cars.
the diesel VWs are outstandingMaybe whatever the fuck you get in Europe. Volkswagen anything is just fucking terrible here in the USA.That applies to BMW too. Shit tier fucking vehicles that spend more time in the garage or local mechanic shop that actually on the road.On the bright side you'll save a shit ton of money on not having to buy tires considering you'll be too busy repairing the fucking thing.
What I see in that link are problems caused by 1 Trying to bridge electrical systems to a combustion engine-based system and 2 Possibly stupidity on the part of the vehicle's owner.Those problems can be solved by ditching all the combustion engine components in favor of full electric and making it painfully clear that owners shouldn't fuck around with the internals unless they know what the hell they're doing. All-electric vehicles have far fewer points of failure and far fewer parts to replace when things go wrong. Once we finally graduate away from chemical batteries, gasoline/diesel vehicles will seem so dangerous we'll wonder why we ever trusted them.
in performance coupes and sedans equipped with AWD, when you stab the gas, all 4 wheels are driving the car for the best performance, then drop down to the primary drive wheels, whether the car is based on a FWD platform or RWD platform, when cruising and not slip is measured by the cars ECU
I know this is subjective, but you're out of your mind if you think the XV looks better than the CX-5
Yes, can you imagine that shit, one sensor fails and it's all fucking over. Self-driving elitists like this dumb fuck here: should be fucking exterminated.
Seeing how so many of you fags use Ford is cringe as fuck. At least use Japanese brand if you want reliability.
I didn't read lolOK_KID.
i'd rather see somebody sell a dead simple car withno featuresno power steering, manual maybe double clutch trans mission, etc. cheap to build, cheap to maintain.
I don't have to imagine it. I've experienced that shit on two vehicles.
sauce on webm
a i don't care what a car looks likeb that's exactly what i'm sayingc why does any of this matter?
you mad ?stop buying shit cars and maybe random sensors won't fail on you.
India does this, I think TATA motors sells a lot of cars with power steering and bare minimum electronics.The problem is that a lot of American safety laws require all sorts of shit tier electronics. I think these days cars are required to have rear cameras installed with a fucking viewscreen or was that the UK?.The Nissan Versa, the cheapest car in the USA, still has a shitton of electronics for my liking.
mfw I can outpace plebs in their Civic-tier BMW i3 or Mercy C class easily
i'm going to assume it's a smartphone or something.
have a jeepshit breaks sometimes, but the engine just werkzwhen shit breaks it's like $50I do like the robustness of jap cars thoughhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHO9S6wnIsIlook at that shit
my opinion is objectively better than yours
I think these days cars are required to have rear cameras installed with a fucking viewscreen...i soooo fucking hope that's not murrika. thought it makes sense as most drivers here are too fat to turn around.
I have a Mazda MPV, 1st gen that I use as my daily driver and it's nearing 300k miles and the most I've done is a timing belt swap and a master cylinder replacement because I have a lead foot on the brakes.It also has a Ford Motor in it, most reliable car I've owned.
I did in fact read. The only reason all of those disparate electronic components are necessary is because it's a gasoline-powered vehicle and wedging electronic bits into the system is not something that's easy or straightforward. Several parts wouldn't even *exist* on an electric car what use would an electric car have for a Manifold Absolute Pressure, Oil Pressure Sensor, and Fuel Pump?In an electric car, most of the electronics can be centralized instead of scattered all over the fucking vehicle. If you're having electronics problems, it's a matter of replacing a single board and you're done.That's not to say that electric cars don't have problems but they're going to be far less problematic than the overcomplicated rolling bombs we're driving around now.
not even remotely what i said, numbnuts.i said that i don't care what a car looks like, that i prefer the look of the subaru, and then asked why you care so much about an opinion.
overcompensating
2014 Focus ST. I got a lot of LAN parties and wanted something that was fun to drive but also could haul around my computer easily.10/10 Would recommend to anyone.
shit breaks sometimesUnderstatement of the century.
actually it is..http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2014/03/31/nhtsa-rear-view-cameras/7114531/maybe if people stopped running over and hitting people while reversing, mandatory cameras wouldn't have been a thing.
Still didn't read.Fuck off tesla shill.
overcompensatingit was an engineering piece you dumbass, not a production model or an option
Still looks like an ugly piece of shit bro.
aren't hatchbacks great?
The best thing is that I'm not even lying. Get a test drive of this badboy before you judge - just go up to them and be honest about your intentions of a fan drive.
I don't care what a car looks likeI prefer the looks of the Subaruthe CX-5 is an ugly piece of shitdo you know how retarded you sound?
fordHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHHHHAAAAAAAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHHAHHAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHHHHAAAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHHHHHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHHAAHAHHHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAAHHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAAAAAAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
The best. My previous car was a 1998 240SX and it was a bitch to move anything in that thing.
broopinion discarded
nice cuckmobile
Not buying a Fiat 500 instead.lel
better than riding the bus, but what would you know?
Most of them looks like overblown hatchbacks with higher GC. It's strange how a half-assed concept can take off like that.
i'm a leftwing douche and even i think that's fucking retarded.if some asshole runs some old cunt down because he's too fucking stupid/fat/retarded to turn around, take away his license forever. don't add a bunch of redundant shit to stop it.fuck. these are the same people who invented automatic seatbelts.i want one decade of no safety features and mandatory death sentences for stupid people. the world would be so much better for it.
Why? the Abarth is slower and doesnt offer nearly as much for the money.
brainwashed american detected
i want one decade of no safety features and mandatory death sentences for stupid people. the world would be so much better for it.Sounds like a stupid law, lets execute you first.
the attractiveness of car has no effect on my liking a car. it doesn't matter as it doesn't change the function of the vehicle.do you know how retarded you sound for harping on something that doesn't actually matter? are you going to stop driving your fuck ugly car because some complete strange on the internet says it's fuck ugly? do you think i'll stop driving my fuck ugly car because some stranger says it's ugly?grow up, nigglet.
Yes I did. The electronics scattered around the vehicle made it a nightmare to repair because the boneheads at GM can't design electronics worth shit and is even worse at integrating them with gasoline vehicles. Figuring out exactly what was fried and what wasn't was a challenge and installing replacement parts was even more of a pain.And I don't care if it's Tesla or Toyota or GM or BMW or whoever making the things, but we've gotta transition away from fossil fuel vehicles sooner than later. That technology has outlived its usefulness and is now creating more problems than it's solving. It's been stagnant for decades. It's time to move on.
250hpTurbo6 speed manual Low priceCurrently the best in its class. 2nd only to the WRX.Yeah man. Ford sucks.
i've owned one sedan in my life and i will never own another. hatchbacks4lyfe!
overblown hatchbacks with higher GCyou literally described the entire concept behind crossovers.
I get really bad motion sickness riding or driving in cars. Didn't get anything past my learner's permit because of it. I'd feel nauseous and get a headache every time.I wish I didn't, as I actually enjoy driving. I like cars enough, but I just usually walk everywhere. It's not too bad.
douchey I know everything britshit detected
Not everyone wants to drive overpriced, gas-leaking trucks like most Americans do.
great participation right here.
backpedalingmoving goalposts when proven wrongpathetic
What kind of vehicle to /g/ drive?commiefornia doesn't require smog for diesel's so this car is a godsend. I have 2 other gasoline cars that are non-OP because of random smog issues that I can't pinpoint.Cons:Shit tier vacuum system for the door locks. Seriously nigger?Valve adjustment is a bitch.Noisy as fuck.Accelerates up hills with the speed of a fucking turtle.Pros:Insane MPGIt's a mercedesReliable as all shit.Comfy as fuck.
I know this is subjective, but you're out of your mind if you think the XV looks better than the CX-5this is subjectivemove on with your life, faggot.
you need to get some diplomat flags for that bitch.also, that's still a decent looking car despite its age.
All this hate for electronics on carsI fucking love you /g/.
this is computer gayming. everyone knows that. technology belongs on desks, wrists, pockets, and in rectums. no where else.
Cars are nothing without electronics you dumb fucks. You're fooling yourselves if you think otherwise.
Thank you. I look for absolutely no electronics in a car because it won't help. Great stuff!
50 years of automobiles from before 1970 would argue otherwise.
Reminder that the combustion engine, antiquated and quaint as it may be, is technology too. For that matter, so are horse-drawn carriages and even shoes and clothes.I hope you enjoy walking everywhere barefoot and naked.
Dream car: Tesla Model S. Any kind. I just want one.My car: Order placed on pic related. Should be here in a few days.tfw no Tesla in my countrytoo poor to afford one even if they were here anyway
He fell for the Focus ST meme Kek, literally the 290X of the hot hatch. Golf GTI is the 980 and infinitely superior.
i like to shit post
TOP KEKActively wanting a TeslaMcFucking kill yourself.Nice car choice though.
mastercarsvw started by hitleri see what they did thar
Go and test drive a tesla before you slate it fools
You're not a true car aficionados if you actively want a fucking Tesla.
and teslashills have killed the thread
I was hoping for discussion and debate over the matter. I've explained the reasoning behind my position, why not respond in kind? Why should fossil fuel vehicles be the way forward? It seems to me that the potential for improvement on that tech is next to nonexistent but I'd love to be proven wrong.
didn't mean to tag you
There are people ITT who would prefer a internal combustion engine over an electric engine18% efficiencyno power
You could say that about anything you particularly disagree withABSTCSECS
That car screams "college republican". Maybe that's the point?
firstly, my techlology belongs reply was a joke.secondly, it's not, but you posted it in a douchey way, which is shitposting.
it's one of the most easily converted to biodiesel engines around, so hippies like it if they can get past the fact that it's not tye-tie.and bitches love a benz
It's you guys who are actively butthurt. I just said to go and test drive a Tesla before you criticise it.People who had horses before we transitioned to cars preferred the sound of their horses to the new combustion engine cars. It's just a matter of what you're conditioned to like.Besides, the P85D sounds like the motherfucking batmobile which is fucking amazing
Infiniti G35Pls no bully
I just said to go and test drive a Tesla before you criticise it.Shit tier interior.Shit tier handling.$80,000 price tag AFTER tax incentives.Laggy as shit touchscreenNeeds a supercharger installed in your house to be of any practical useClimate control system has to be off to even reach the supposed 300 mile range and that IF you weren't poor enough to buy the better batteryHow about no.Buying an overpriced Datsuntop kek.
I never claimed to be an aficionado. I haven't been driving long enough for that.
Got it for less than three grand salvaged
Interesting. How have you deal with necessary repair issues? I've never heard of Tesla's post-warranty support.
I drive a Kia because it's what I can afford.
http://www.sandiego6.com/news/local/San-Diego-mans-58000-nightmare-with-a-Tesla-Model-S-277017201.htmlAhahahaha
I just said to go and test drive a Tesla before you criticise it.I did indeed, and you should.Shit tier interior.The next-gen seats are good. Don't mistake minimalism for bad build quality.Shit tier handling.Have you driven an AWD model with a low centre of gravity and 50/50 weight distribution? It handles pretty fucking amazingly for a SALOON we're not comparing it to $1m+ supercars here$80,000 price tag AFTER tax incentives.The tax incentives aren't that big. Still less than the tax breaks given to the oil industry.Laggy as shit touchscreenLast time I went in the top of the range mercedes, BMW's and other luxury german brands, they all had shitty 7" tablets which you control with a stupid fucking wheel. All made by outsourced indian software developers. No thank you.Needs a supercharger installed in your house to be of any practical useMost people's cars are idle whilst they're in bed at night and don't do anywhere near even 150 miles/day. Adding 1hr on to journey time when doing a long distance is not the end of the world. If it is, then maybe it isn't the car for you.Climate control system has to be off to even reach the supposed 300 mile range and that IF you weren't poor enough to buy the better batteryThis is completely untrue. The average FRIDGE uses 3kW/day, the Tesla has a 70 or 85 kWh battery.How about no.How about you do some research before you expose your weak arguments. Don't be mad, the model 3 will be affordable for you too.
The car is utter shit b..b.ut it's the right car for me!!Not even BMW owners are this fucking annoying.
Do you know if I could have power assisted rollerblades, similar to an e-bike, but a pair of rollerblades instead?
Texas, fuck yeah!
By taking it to a repar man or mechanic silly
BMWLuxury brandnice meme.
I didn't say that. I'm not saying I don't like combustion engines. I still very much appreciate them. I've always wanted an F150 and a '68 mustang. However, I appreciate that the Tesla is the next step forward. Embrace change don't be some fucking technology taliban sandnigger just for the sake of itProbably man, electric motors are fucking awesome for power-to-weight ratio.I've seen this random guy in london scoot round in this weird contraption similar to the device you just mentioned. It looks pretty hilarious.
Tesla is the next step forward0/10
Then what IS the next step forward?
Tesla is the next step forwardThe only way Tesla will be the "next step forward" is if Nuclear Energy starts making a massive comeback.
Why do you hate Tesla so much?Please, do enlighten me on why it's a terrible car for the price.
Or solar panels and home batteries and going completely off the grid.
This is what makes the most sense to me. Solar panels are finally reaching somewhat decent efficiency figures and prices. It also has the nice side effect of relegating power plants to backup power only, which is great.
The only way Tesla will be the "next step forward" is if Nuclear Energy starts making a massive comeback.My state already runs on 33-50 percent nuclear power It already is the next step forward
here's the deal.anyone who spends more than a year's salary on a car is retarded. the majority of people would never spend 80k on a car even if they made 120k+. stop shilling the car equivalent to the gold iphone flex+.tesla is doing good work and paving the way for electric cars, but until they have a $20,000 car with the features people want and an acceptable range, they're going to be a niche company catering to rich motherfuckers and zealots.
It handles pretty fucking amazingly for a SALOONit goes speeds you can't legally go so you should totally pay extra for the possibility of breaking the law and stuffand gb2europe, faggot with that salooon shit.
lol, had to be a yurocuck. The reason they love the Tesla over there so much is that it's the only car that isn't taxed to hell and back.
Does anyone make a decent/good wireless mouse?
no
logitech g700, you can use it on cable too if the battery goes low and charge it
apple
wirelessDo you enjoy having to recharge it all of the time?
this, any logitech mouse it's bretty good, had mine on batteries since i bought it 5 months ago, use it every day, it's awesome $12buckaroos too
Logitech, and that's just about it.
it's 1999 guys!i haven't changed the batteries on mine since 5months ago.
What the fuck is that?
fossilized wood
I suspected that but have ever only seen small pieces in person. Cool.
I have a wireless mouse that takes 2 aa batteries and I haven't charged them since christmas, when I put the batteries in the charger when I went to bed, and put them back in the mouse when I got up. Awful, huh?
Not the logitech m185, the scroll wheel button breaks easily, it stopped working for mine and multiple people I know.
ive heard good stuff about the logitech master but who knows mang
Hijacking this thread.Are there any good left handed mice out there that aren't just left/right hand mice?
Why the fuck would anyone make a left handed mouse? Even left handed people use right handed mice. If you make a good left handed bluetooth thumb trackball I'll buy it though.
Razer makes a left handed death adder, but it's shit. Most of the other left handed mice seem to be ultra ergonomic, strange ones.
what kind of betteries you use ?
Logitech M570
muh fellow trackbro
, 
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:http://pastebin.com/u/g-lisp-general  http://pastebin.com/aDfDm5sZHere's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:http://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php?title=LispTo foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:https://rbt.asia/g/thread/48197267Challenge:Implement your own append and nconc, or destructive append.
Trying to implement vt100 terminal emulator and learning mcclim in the process.Ended up implementing gimped text editor, should have used clims own drei but it's poorly documented.for the challenge, a utility I have useddefun mkstr &rest args  let text with-output-to-string ss        dolist item args          cond stringp item             write-string item ss            characterp item             write-char item ss            atom item             write item :stream ss            consp item             dolist x item               write-string mkstr x ss    textdefmacro conc-str str &rest lst  `setf ,str funcall #'mkstr ,str ,@lst
bump
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_nconc.htm Returns a list that is the concatenation of lists. If no lists are supplied, nconc returns nil. nconc is defined using the following recursive relationship: nconc =   nconc nil . lists ==  nconc . lists nconc list =  list nconc list-1 list-2 ==  progn rplacd last list-1 list-2 list-1 nconc list-1 list-2 . lists ==  nconc nconc list-1 list-2 . lists
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_append.htm append returns a new list that is the concatenation of the copies. lists are left unchanged; the list structure of each of lists except the last is copied. The last argument is not copied; it becomes the cdr of the final dotted pair of the concatenation of the preceding lists, or is returned directly if there are no preceding non-empty lists. append 'a b c 'd e f ' 'g =  A B C D E F G append 'a b c 'd =  A B C . D setq lst 'a b c =  A B C append lst 'd =  A B C D lst =  A B C append =  NIL append 'a =  A
How's this coming along?
In hopes of spurning at least a bump for this thread: CL babby here, I'm having trouble doing something really simple here. Any wizards care to help me with this? defun reversotron stringlet x nilloop for c across string docons c xmapc #'princ x
https://clojurians.typeform.com/to/b4I3Nv Clojurians A new slack community for people who love all things Clojure. Discussions around #clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopment and more
#clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopmentKill me now.


it's actually a good place, not much talking though - any of you guys in there?
*raises hand*
nice! I still haven't talked  mainly because I consider myself a begginer - but feel free to get in touch, I'm ergl in there
Is Common Lisp best for AI? I want to make a chatbot that forms longterm relationships.
it's actually a good placeI'm sure.I just wish we could #stop #this #shit.
Which dialect do you prefer?Scheme specifically chickenDo you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?Emacs with geiserWhat was your first experience with lisp?The little schemerWhat have you made in lisp?I'm working on a stupid game right now, everything else has been simple shitWhat is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?The lack of rulesHow do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?Because it's malleable How long have you been programming in Lisp?Almost a yearWhat are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!The little schemer, emacs wiki, and the chicken wikiIs Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?right now it is. Game programming, the same thing I use every other programming language for since it's funWhat would you like to see in the Lisp general?SchemeWhat was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?LISPDo you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?Only if one of us can get off of our asses and start doing itWhat is your preferred method of documenting your code?Emacs-styleIn the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?no, i haven't had my macro enlightenment yetDo you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?I use scheme and emacs lisp sometimesscheme is the best but emacs lisp is interdasting I guessWhat do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?parentheses, s-expressions and listsWhat is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?uh... cond is pretty amazing
Out of curiosity, why not Racket? I'm a beginning Common Lisper with little experience in either
Racket forces you to use classes to do anything serious, and it does it in the worst possible way, by introducing new syntax punctuation [ and ] which thows the entire concept of homoiconicity out the window.Chicken just gives me functions from C libraries and lets me do what I want with them.
Not that classes and oop can't be great in small doses when done well I just don't like being forced to use them to do simple things like opening graphicsIf I was ok with oop being forced everywhere, I'd use Kawa
by introducing new syntax punctuation [ and ] which thows the entire concept of homoiconicity out the window.What are you talking about? [ and ] are synonyms for  and  and even { and }. You can use them interchangeably throughout you program so long as they properly match.
you can use them interchangeablydisgustingThat makes me like racket even less
I thought that  interchangeability was part of the Scheme standard.
this.And where does it states that you're forced to use classes?or give examples
that completely takes away the homoiconicity of lisp, I would never use anything but parens in any lisp codeThe gui module is completely dependent on oopgtk is not
No. It doesn't. Do you even know what homoiconicity means?
The homoiconicity is one syntax for everythingparens and s-expressions for functions, conditions, lists, everything
homoiconicity in this context means the same list structure for code and data. Even though you have [] and {} in the language it all means the same, you can still treat the source code as a list
Homoiconicity is not dependent on parentheses. You can have homoiconicity with curly brackets, brackets, or even angle brackets, etc.
Still looks ugly as fuck if they're intermixed
see
I would never use anything but parens in any lisp codeThen don't, but people are going to call you out on your shit if there's a style guide that says to use brackets.
I disagree.  It provides visual distinction to certain areas of code, and makes things more readable.
I agree with this. There's nothing philosophically wrong with a Lisp that behaves this way.
Going out the way of the thread a little bit to address the title.What's going on mister? Are you tired of Lisp or just the /g/ space dedicated to it?
I think they've gotten tired of making new threads. They've been really slow and dying quickly lately. : Let's get some action in here guys.
I can't believe that you are ditching a well documented language with one of the best communities just because a syntax issue that's completely optional. Who gives a damn if people call you out for not using brackets?
I was actually tired when I made the thread.   is also right, however.I'm getting sick of /g/.  I've largely stopped browsing many threads here asides from this one.  I'm glad the general on Lainchan has started picking up some.Just look at the catalog here.  It's saddening for anyone actually interested in technology to see good threads with so little replies, yet see that bait, consumerism, opinion-listing, and shitposting threads are usually successful and hit the bump limit.
It's not just that, I don't like that they force you to use classes to use a lot of their modules
Yeah I've been browsing lainchan a lot more lately as well. I wish they had a bit more traffic overall but then again it is a good way of keeping out the "muh gpu" morons. Thanks for keeping up the generals here : Your work is duly appreciated.
yeah thanks for making these threads, I've been posting on the lainchan thread too.It's been a few months since I last posted here, but I remember back then the lisp threads used to have a lot more people.I don't know if those people have gone away, the fact that may is a horrible month because a lot of students have finals me included or both.
As I said one or two threads before, we should casually mention the lainchan thread here and there or even in the pastebin so people can gradually move towards that.
incf this
There should be better ways out there to help the Lisp community. Maybe 4chan is just not the place to do this.There should be a good balance between a well-sized group and still be underdogs, because everything that grows enough tends to get bastardized.
the main problem with the /g/ lisp threads is they keep dropping off the board after about 10 or 15 posts so there is no way to carry on serious discussians. I am going to start spending more time on the lainchan lisp threadIm not sure if you are aware, but this clojurians thing is a private live chat for clojure
the main problem with the /g/ lisp threads is they keep dropping off the board after about 10 or 15 posts so there is no way to carry on serious discussians. I am going to start spending more time on the lainchan lisp threadPrecisely. I'm going to migrate gradually as well.Im not sure if you are aware, but this  clojurians thing is a private live chat for clojureI am aware, but it would be nice to have a place that acts as a big bowl of water where Lisp entrepreneurs fall and then cascade to the dialect that interest them the most, kinda like a two-story fountain with a big bowl on the centre and small ones around it.
Forgot the quote.
Is Racket GUI Documentation gtk, qt4 or independent?
Best scheme/lisp to use?Looking for something with lots of batteries that respects my freedoms.
that respects my freedoms.by your freedoms you are of course referring to the the freedom that Richard Stallman gives you. I think we should be clear, there are many kinds of freedoms, but the freedom you enjoy is that of Richard Stallman
The API they provide is platform independent. The implementations try to use native widgets. On *nix, I think they're using GTK.
Racket sounds like it fits the bill.
 lots of batteriesRacket.
The only time I've had to use classes in Racket was when I had to do GUI programming. I'm not even sure what a class-free GUI lib would look like.
Be extremely careful when Jews try to define your morals. They've done so much damage to humanity this way. They take your natural desire to do right and twist it.
Although GTK is implemented in C, it has an object system. https://developer.gnome.org/gtk3/stable/ch02.html
 go to lainchan no nsfw boards drugs boardI simply can't take that site seriously.
And you can take 4chan seriously? Any other *chan is better.
4chan did something right. This is one of the few places on the Internet where jews and their lies get btfo frequently and repeatedly every single day.
https://nvbn.github.io/2015/05/28/svg-animation/
where jews and their lies get btfojewsbtfoOh look, an actual child.
I hate jews as much as the next person, but you really do sound like a child.This entire site is shit and it feels like it's moving towards its last leg.
that's cool, Clojurescript and Om are pretty nice.Here's a pixel editor with full redo also written in Clojurescript + Omhttps://github.com/jackschaedler/goya
/l/ and /cl/ are both super secret boards.
I thought /cl/ meant common-lisp, I was pleasantly surprised
Why don't you leave?
This isn't the place for that.  I know.  I shouldn't have said anything.
M-x bump
how childish not to respect the freedoms given to you by the jew Richard Stallman. thank god we have a sticky on /g/ of rms as jesus christ, Im so glad that the majority of /g/ protects the freedom giving jew Richard Stallman
John McCarthy was also jewish.I'm  and meant religious jews.I shouldn't have said anything.  I'm sorry.  Let's just stop talking about this.
bump
what editor are you guys using?I'm currently using sublime + sublimeREPL but I feel that I'm not using lisp to it's fullest potential - mainly I have a lot of functions that I can't evaluate on the repl because they depend on external libraries this is clojure btw.I tried LightTable and the Cursive plugin for Intellij but found them a bit clunkyI know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learn
I know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learnWell, the thing about Emacs is that it has a different paradigm from most editors... But it actually teaches you how to use it if you ask it.It has a built-in tutorial to get started, and after going through that, "C-h ?" [Control] + [H], [?] gives you a list of all of this things you can get help about.For example, at any point you can type "C-h m" to get a description of all of the modes enabled, including the keybindings to use the functionality."C-h k" followed by any key sequence will show the documentation for any key combo that does something.Another fun one is "C-h i", which pulls up the Info pages for your system... In there, there are entire books about how to use Emacs, all nicely organized if you want to learn about Emacs and ELISP. There are the "Emacs Manual", "Emacs FAQ", "ELISP" reference, and "ELIPS Intro".If you aren't sure what you are looking for, you can type "C-h a" and search the documentation for something in specific.If you want to search the manuals, "M-x info-apropos" [Alt] + [X], "info-apropos" allows you to do that.On top of that, pretty much everything has tab completion.
I'm using Emacs with SLIME for CL. I've been using it for around a year now, but I've not really read many tutorials and my .emacs is mostly a mashing-together of various things from the wiki. install emacs; spend a week dicking around with your setup; then enjoy the productivity increases. It's also a lot of fun. I've heard Clojure support is pretty dank/10.
I know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learnthe rule of thumb in programming is never memorize anything, just start using emacs like a regular editor with the toolbar and menubar. Trying to use cursor movement shortcuts will actually slow you down as a beginner as they dont have a speed increasing effect until you are moving through very large projectsthis is a really good emacs preset for clojurehttps://github.com/flyingmachine/emacs-for-clojurethe instructions for installing it are part of a free online book on clojure programminghttp://www.braveclojure.com/basic-emacs/
Hey /lisp/anonsI wrote a little bot using Chirp that tweets 420 in bases 2-36 every day at 4:20: ql:quickload :chirpdefparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-api-key* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-api-secret* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-access-token* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-access-secret* "yours here"defun main   loop do       multiple-value-bind         second minute hour date month year day-of-week dst-p tz       get-decoded-time     if and eq second 0 and eq hour 16 eq minute 20         let base + 2 random 35           chirp:statuses/update format nil "~d: ~vr" base base 420         print "Not 420 yet"Let me know what you think/what I can improve on I'm a beginner so be gentle.
I just saw that post.That is pretty cute.
What post?
Wouldn't it repeatedly print "Not 420 yet" at the terminal? That seems kind of annoying.
Yeah it was mostly for diagnostics when writing it, you can just rip out that entire  print "Not 420 yet". sexp
http://www.reddit.com/r/lisp/comments/37r9ag/found_a_really_nice_cl_twitter_library_on_lisp/
my fedora has been exposed
Sounds good, thanks for sharing. I didn't know about chirp either.
that tweets 420 in bases 2-36 every day at 4:20It was exposed all along.
Yeah, it's surprisingly well designed. Most of the libraries I found at first were poorly documented if at all and really dated in their API support.
*cough*http://www.reddit.com/r/Common_Lisp/comments/35i4ng/why_is_it_that_lispers_including_myself_think/I feel your pain.
Cool.  Are you the guy I helped in the Lainchan thread?
Yeah. Thank you again. Oddly enough this wasn't my intended application when I asked that.
You're welcome.  I'm glad to see you doing something interesting so early.Here's a better format form that you can use:format nil "~d: ~:*~vr" base 420* lets you skip or return to previous Format arguments or even go to absolute arguments from the first.I should really start working on some things I have planned.  There are a few website APIs that I want to make accessible from Common Lisp.As it stands, most Common Lisp I work with is helping people in these threads when they have questions.
Crazy. How long have you been writing Lisp?
I've only been writing Lisp for a few years.I don't have too much to show for it.  I usually just read about Lisp and help people here or participate in the little challenges thrown around in various threads.
I'm not even sure what a class-free GUI lib would look like.Any C GUI library
I've heard Clojure support is pretty dank/10Yeah, I've been reading pretty cool things, that's why I was looking into itThanks for the links! - and yeah agree on the not memorizing anything - that's how I got started with vim, just start to use it and learn new things out of necessity.I've saved that tutorial and will read it as soon as I have some free time - btw anyone have any experience with spacemacs?

What kind of environment do you use in your computers?
I use GNU Emacs with Slime.  StumpWM is my window manager.  I'm going to read the GNU GSD handbook and switch all of my systems over to that soon.I've been curious about Climacs, but I haven't gotten around to checking it out yet. Emacs Lisp doesn't compare to Common Lisp and reimplementing things like EMMS would give me something to do.
for those of you with Lisp Machine's keyboard fetish http://xahlee.info/kbd/lisp_keyboards.html
Where can I get my hands on one of these
when you install climacs with quicklisp, is it possible to startup climacs on its own without going using a lisp repl? where would the climacs executable be located?
Nice. We have similar environments.
Why is it that when I reach with the cursor any of the edges it show that ugly X that indicates there's no window there? How could I fix it?
I guess that is neat.Elaborate please.
I always work fullscreen and without a mode-line, whenever I go to the edges it turns the cursor into a big X that shows there's no Xorg elements there. Also, whenever I show the window info, it always shows a size of 1022x598 on a 1024x600 screen. I don't know if both issues are related.
I usually use fullscreen and I haven't added a modeline yet either.I'm not seeing this X, but I think I remember it.Also, whenever I show the window info, it always shows a size of 1022x598 on a 1024x600 screen. I don't know if both issues are related.I don't think I've ever had this happen.Try reading the manual if you haven't already.  I've been meaning to do that and dig through the source, but I haven't started yet.
Try reading the manual if you haven't already. I've been meaning to do that and dig through the source, but I haven't started yet.I'll check on that, thanks. Running fullscreen does eliminate the problem.Is there a way to make everything start automatically on fullscreen?
so I'm trying to go through realm of racket and I can't compile the first game. help
Is there a way to make everything start automatically on fullscreen?A window always takes up the entire space in a new group.
Yes, but that's when the 1022x598 problem comes up.
When you say the window info comes up at that resolution, which command are you running?  Which keypresses?
prefix + i
Huh.  Here's how it comes up for me.How did you install your StumpWM?  I compiled mine myself with SBCL.You're saying that window takes up the entire screen?
Yup, they take the whole screen but they leave a one pixel of separation. That's why it's always the resolution minus 2, emacs shows to be even smaller at 1017x594. Xfce terminal shows 1018x594. It's different each application. That's not much of a problem but I don't get why the X.
That's weird.  I can't really help you out here.  I think there may be a StumpWM IRC.  You may want to check there.
That place is lonelier than this thread, I already tried that before. I'll keep insisting though, maybe I'll get  lucky.
Why is Lisp considered the go-to language for AI? Can you forsee a reason to replace it with something else in the future?I know nothing about lisp but plan to learn some dialect in the future
That place is lonelier than this thread, I already tried that before.I don't think it's all that lonely.  I am the OP though, so I'm biased.I'll keep insisting though, maybe I'll get  lucky.If you find out how to solve your problem, please report back with the solution.  I'm going to go through all of the threads and compile a guide from it at some point.Why is Lisp considered the go-to language for AI?It's high-level, more abstract and general than other languages of the time, and had a lot of other development and research going into it.Can you forsee a reason to replace it with something else in the future?Not right now, but I can't tell the future, unfortunately.I know nothing about lisp but plan to learn some dialect in the futureI recommend you read our FAQ.  It goes into greater detail on this and other questions you may have.
I don't think it's all that lonely. I am the OP though, so I'm biased.While I was posting I thought maybe it's just the hours that I usually go into IRC don't match the hours of activity in the community.
Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?THERE ARE DIFFERENT LISP-BASED EDITORS?If yes I need to know!
There's Guilemacs and Climacs, to name two.http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/GuileEmacshttps://common-lisp.net/project/climacs/
Don't compile it, just interpret it. $ racket guess.rkt
i wonder does GuileEmacs removes all the C code from emacs?
I don'd know Racket, but in Clojure you have to define a function before using it - you are calling guess on start before you define it - try putting it on top of start
I wouldn't think there's much C, if any, in Guilemacs that isn't just a part of Guile itself.
In Racket you can something function that's defined later in the file so long as it isn't called in the code before it's actually been defined.
there are a bajillion emacs-like editors out there
To expand on what  said in case anyone is curious:In Racket, all top-level names are in scope at any point in the file. Since function bodies aren't evaluated until they are called e.g. You can test for exceptions by giving Rackunit a no-argument thunk function which does something which throws one, one can reference a function anywhere in the file, defined before or after the current function. When one evaluates a function, however, each non-local binding in the function body must reference a function definition which has been evaluated i.e. The name is bound to either a function or a top-level variable. This distinction may seem confusing in terms of function definitions, but it makes much more sense if one also considers a sequence such as ;; Purposely choosing an identifier from racket/basedefine - 2define foo + - bdefine b + - 1Now, when foo is defined, it is given bindings to the top-level - and b, but b has yet to be defined. If, conversely, all top-level bindings were done in parallel, then we would have a shaky logic: should b's - binding reference the default value or its shadowed one? There's argument for or against it. By making the definition forms sequentially evaluated, though, it leads to a much more reasonable program. In case anyone was wondering.
If you find out how to solve your problem, please report back with the solution. I'm going to go through all of the threads and compile a guide from it at some point.I think it has yo do with the application rendering but I think I'll dig deeper.
How do you define mutually recursive functions then? This sounds like a pain in general.
Which dialect do you prefer?common lisp is what I'm using Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?no What was your first experience with lisp?College What have you made in lisp?three programs for college What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?nothing How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?I don't How long have you been programming in Lisp?literally since yesterday What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!college material, Google, stack overflow, lel Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?no What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?I don't even know how to do this yet. Just write a string below the function name?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?favorite function
Nice
/b/
The difference is that Racket isn't a pile of shit.
Some applications only resize in steps of the width of a character column e.g. terminals, EmacsIf the application can't totally fill the width of your screen minus two pixels, it'll fill as many as it can, then fill in the surrounding region with the border.
VimSeparate terminal window for manual evaluationThis is suffering.
incf this
Wouldn't this form make more sense:incf 
T
It replaces the previous Elisp compiler/interpreter written in C with a front end to Guile's compiler/VM, which is written in C.
Stop these inane comments.
SBCL 1.2.12 released: http://www.sbcl.org/news.html#1.2.12
if you really need to, you can [code declare foo [/code]
Hello /lisp/The metasploit framework has a little tool called pattern_create.rb that generates a string of a specified number of bytes out of upper-case, lower-case, and numeral characters that can help you pinpoint the exact offset for overwriting the EIP or really any register in a buffer overflow exploit. How would you implement this in Lisp?
How would you implement this in Lisp?Are you asking how you would implement a buffer overflow attack in Lisp?You would have to find a flaw in the implementation you're targeting.  Common Lisp programs check buffer boundaries, unlike C, so this may be practically impossible, unless you optimize safety checks out with an implementation that will let you.One of the best ways to eliminate vulnerabilities is to make them impossible.  The only reason C is plagued by these problems is because of how little the standard actually specifies, making it ridiculously easy to invoke undefined behavior.
No. I was wondering how you'd recreate this little tool. Where pattern_create.rb 100 would return: "Aa0AAa1Aa2A" and so on couldn't paste it here; 4chan thought it was spam
does using emacs change anything?
Oh okay.In that case, I don't know enough to help you.  Sorry about that.
No problem :
Yes. Use Geiser. http://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/Emacs.html
do people use emacs outside the terminal?
I use GUI emacs but I'm on OS X so it makes a bit more sense.
The gui is a bit more useful, but you don't have to.
I use Emacs with X because it's much more useful and featureful.  I can display images and pdfs, resize text, the border in the margins is much nicer to look at, among other things.I also don't feel like configuring st to work correctly with backspace right now.  It always registers as C-h in some programs, like Emacs and ed, but GNU Readline handles it correctly.
w8 you actually use st?why?
I do, because I'm always reading a PDF of some sort along Emacs.
I found it while looking through cliki.I've tried terminator, urxvt, xterm, and some others.  They're not at all pleasant to use.  My terminal emulator doesn't need a scrollbar, complex dropdown configuration menus, or any of that crap.Surprisingly, st is nice to use, asides from the backspace issue, which doesn't affect me all that much.  It's not at all complicated and the source is also pleasant to read.  I usually don't use Suckless software, but st is the best terminal emulator I've found.  I don't really need to do too much with a terminal nowadays though.The only other terminals I use are eshell and StumpWM's exec.What's your experience with that?  It's always usually too slow for me.  A majority of pdfs I read are hundreds of pages and I haven't found a way to get it usable yet.
I'm reading Land of Lisp in Emacs right now with doc-view-mode just discovered through this thread I can do that and the speed is no problem. The PDF is ~500 pages long.
What's your experience with that? It's always usually too slow for me. A majority of pdfs I read are hundreds of pages and I haven't found a way to get it usable yet.No problems just yet, I'm using an Atom and 2GB of RAM so, that says something.
I just opened a ~300 page pdf and it's frozen my Emacs right now.I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
i just looked at the atom github. it's written in coffee? and commit messages contain emoji's?I'm skeptical
he's talking about the atom cpu
oI use mupdf btw. I don't know anything about emacs though
While we're on it though, you're right to be skeptical. It's easily one of the worst editors I've ever used. I had a really big disassembly file that it just straight up refused to open because the file size was "over the limit." Hipster garbage goes into the trash where it belongs.
I left to go do something and it was still frozen when I came back.  Eventually it unfroze and worked fine.  I think I'll just look into some different pdf readers and avoid using Emacs for this right now.
So if I want to start using emacs without my vim handicap should i use spacemacs or evil?
Definitely evil.
ok thanks
Spacemacs is actually pretty incredible. I just installed it. Though it may be a bit overwhelming at first if you're new to emacs. Just go with Evil for now.
Speaking of ide's, can I just use eclipse+dandelion so I don't have to fuck around with emacs? Tried setting up emacs today, seems like a pain in the dick to install and more-so to use.
not wanting to fuck around with emacswanting to fuck around with eclipseIf you really want an IDE use something designed for it like LispWorks, etc.
Would I just be better off writing lisp files in notepad++? I ain't so smart and getting slime working with emacs hasn't been working.
Why does Lisp have its own general?
If you're having trouble, use this: http://www.lispworks.com/downloads/index.html Download the personal edition. There's a time/stack size limit but I doubt you'll be lisping 5 hours straight or doing anything too intricate.
Initialization files are not loaded.I-I'll just get slime working
Good luck!
I'm sorry.  I forgot about this.  What exactly do you want to do?Would you like to see my slime setup from my .emacs?
Sure. I'm using quicklisp, got slime through it, pasted the code it spits out into an emacs file, but then emacs bitches about not being able to find the file, which it's apparently looking in roaming? Not sure why. I might just follow a tutorial to the letter instead of trying to set it up how I'd like it.
Reverse a string recursively. I worked on it a bit, but the method I tried blows the stack:labels f str     coerce cons f coerce cdr coerce str 'list 'string car coerce str 'list 'stringf "whatever"I'm not sure if this is exactly what I did but it's close—I no longer have my original code
Add this to your .emacs:;; Enable MELPArequire 'packageadd-to-list 'load-path "~/.emacs.d/elpa"setq package-archives '"gnu". "http://elpa.gnu.org/packages/"                         "melpa" . "http://melpa.milkbox.net/packages/"package-initializeuse M-x install-package and install SLIME that way.Finally add this to your .emacs don't forget to change the path:;; SLIMErequire 'slimesetq slime-contribs 'slime-fancysetq inferior-lisp-program "path-to-your-sbcl"slime-setup 'slime-fancythen do M-x slime and you'll have a fancy repl at your disposal. Happy lisping!
Would you like help?
Absolutely.
I have this currently in my emacs, why doesn't it work this way?load expand-file-name "~/quicklisp/slime-helper.el";; Replace "sbcl" with the path to your implementationsetq inferior-lisp-program "sbcl"
I was going to give you mine, before  posted.That's exactly what I have in mine, except I have the actual path to the sbcl binary as the inferior-lisp-program.
are you on windows? You just need to swap out sbcl with the path to your sbcl executable as the comment says. But in all honesty I've never known anyone who uses slime through quicklisp like that.
Well I changed the pathname, but this error still remains File error: Cannot open load file, no such file or directory, c:/Users/Default/AppData/Roaming/quicklisp/slime-helper.el
Oh. You may need to change the ~/quicklisp/slime-helper.el to whatever the actual path is. Did you just copy and paste this config because I think it may differ for Windows but I have very little knowledge of Windows at all
I don't even know where/what slime-helper.el is or why it's a problem. I'm not sure why it's looking in roaming and not where quicklisp is actually installed. It doesn't help I'm sick and can't remember half the things I've done today.
Wipe your .emacs clean and just use what I told you in It's a lot simpler than what you're trying to do.
How do I even do the m-x install package? I hit esc, hit x, then what? type in install-package slime?
type install-package, hit enter, type slime, hit enter.
when I type install-package and enter, it says "no match"
Did you put the first code block into your .emacs? Close emacs, reopen and then do the package install
Here's an easy to understand version:defun reversotron string  labels helper string index reversed-string             cond  index length string                    setf char reversed-string index char string - length string index 1                    helper string 1+ index reversed-string                   t return-from reversotron reversed-string    helper string 0 make-string length string
Yeah I did, are you sure it's not a linux only function?
Certain.
Actually, this one is better:defun reversotron string  labels helper string index reversed-string             if = index length string                 return-from reversotron reversed-string             setf char reversed-string index char string - length string index 1             helper string 1+ index reversed-string    helper string 0 make-string length string
Ooh. Thank you! I think I got hung up on dealing with the problem with lists.
You're very welcome.  It would be rude to not help people in my own thread.I think I got hung up on dealing with the problem with lists.That's understandable.  If you plan on continuing with Common Lisp, which I would recommend, I suggest you remember that.One tip that you may find useful if you love format as much as me: It's easier to deal with sequences in format if you coerce them to a list first.That's just something to keep in mind.
M-x package-install
I certainly plan to. Now one quick question: is char better for strings than aref, or is it just a clarity thing?
Alright, thats working
My experience with Emacs on Windows is that I could never get it to work properly without setting a HOME environment variable. Based on the output you're getting, I think you should try doing so. You'll need to move your .emacs, or make a fresh one in your home directory afterwards. You can check if it's been set properly from Emacs with getenv "HOME"
So I was playing with format and made something horrendous:format t "~~~{~a~~~}" coerce "dankmemes" 'list
Well now when I append ;; SLIMErequire 'slimesetq slime-contribs 'slime-fancysetq inferior-lisp-program "C:\Program Files x86\Steel Bank Common Lisp\1.2.12\sbcl.exe"slime-setup 'slime-fancy to the .emacs file it gets another error doing with roaming and what not. Do I need to get rid of the;; Enable MELPArequire 'packageadd-to-list 'load-path "~/.emacs.d/elpa"setq package-archives '"gnu". "http://elpa.gnu.org/packages/"                         "melpa" . "http://melpa.milkbox.net/packages/"package-initializepart or leave it?
is char better for strings than aref, or is it just a clarity thing?The hyperspec gives us this:char s j ==  aref the string s jChar is more efficient.  In every case I can currently think of, a more specific function will be optimized.  It's like the difference between = and equal.Always choose the more specific function if you know you will only be dealing with the type of arguments it accepts.
all the slime code you added is redundant to doing a M-x package-install. You might want to check if slime-fancy can be installed with package-install alsothe only part you might want to keep is where you set your inferior-lisp-program
You might want to check if slime-fancy can be installed with package-install alsoto answer my own question, slime-fancy does not get installed on its own, it is part of slime and so to get it to work the following is what your code should look like:setq inferior-lisp-program "sbcl"require 'slime-autoloadsslime-setup 'slime-fancy
But wouldn't it be slower in that case due to the extra computation needed by running the string through the "the" special form first? Not sure if I have the right idea here.
All the does is guarantee that a form will return a number of values of the specified types, lest undefined behavior is invoked.It is usually used for optimizations, but an implementation is not required to optimize anything.http://clhs.lisp.se/Body/s_the.htm
format t "~a~%~{~a~%~}" "DANKMEMES" cdr coerce "DANKMEMES" 'listI need to put DANKMEMES there twice. Anyone know a way on how to put it there only once?
The reason I do not use Lisp is because I cannot decide between CL, Scheme and Clojure and if I pick Scheme I cannot pick an implementation. Other than that, I really fancy it.
Just go ahead and pick one - the Racket docs are excellent
0 - clojure1 - scheme2 - common lispnow just do my post number modulus 3 and go with that one
Well I finally got it, followed what the guy did in this videohttps://youtu.be/VnWVu8VVDbIAnd it works finally. Had some problems that were caused by not having sbcl/emacs running as admin but I finally got that down pat.
Has anyone tried https://github.com/capitaomorte/sly as a replacement for slime?
I'm years late to the party, but today I discovered that MIT Scheme has 64-bit packages now, including in Debian Jessie.Just for all you SICPers out there looking for a good REPL.
Except that the ride never endsWhen I try to do "ctrl+c-c" to compile my little function here it gives me this error.. why is this?
forgot image
Pretty sure that even if you have a fancy format directive that made this easier you'd still have to type it twice as a parameter. Probably best to just use let to assign your string to a variable and evaluate your format form in the body. Btw, I like this anon, nice.
You're trying to use GNU Emacs on Windows.  Spin up a small Debian VM and use that instead.
Which book should I read if my mind's too stupid to get the functional way?
welcome to emacs
What are you having trouble wrapping your head around?
The general idea of a program, I can only see the final result, I don't see how lisp would ever be interactive
That's not really a functional thing at all IMO. Load up a REPL and try it out. It's hard to explain interactivity; you just have to see it.People rarely compile i.e. to a binary file their Lisp programs for this reason.
Well that's what I mean, you write code, give it data to process and it gives a result and that's it.It's impossible to create any form of daemon with that, I think.
It's impossible to create any form of daemon with that, I think.u wat?
Lisp still has loops. Really powerful ones at that.
Well, can you point me to a program that is able to do so?
http://wandrian.net/2012-02-20-1958-lisp-daemons-with-sbcl.htmlThis is just one example I found.
but why
I have no idea, I had the same problems you do to configure plugins when I gave emacs a try.That's why I stay with vim. I know slime is better but if I can't get it to work then it's useless to me
http://download.virtualbox.org/virtualbox/4.3.28/VirtualBox-4.3.28-100309-Win.exehttp://cdimage.debian.org/debian-cd/8.0.0/amd64/iso-cd/debian-8.0.0-amd64-xfce-CD-1.iso
What plugin do you use, because I don't like emacs in the first place.
I use jpalardy/vim-slime to send the pieces of code to a repl running on tmux. And it's just that, it doesn't offer anything lisp related like a debugger or something similar.https://github.com/benmills/vimux is also interesting if you want to achieve the same.if you really want something like slime try https://github.com/kovisoft/slimv
format t "~{~a~}~%~:*~{~a~%~}" coerce "DANKMEMES" 'list
princ you are truly a wizard. How long have you been Lisping if you don't mind my asking? Also, how did you learn?
Just trying to install Guile. Terrible, terrible experience. Installed all the dependencies, but now I'm getting 'ice-9' errors with no information to rectify them.
is there anything like cl-async for scheme?
Don't call me a wizard just yet.  I've realized an error with this.  I'm not going to stop until I solve this though. I still have many more angles to come at this problem.How long have you been Lisping if you don't mind my asking?I'd like to keep that a secret.Also, how did you learn?I read books about it.  I don't do much in my free time asides from reading books.
Plot twist: you're actually McCarthy's ghost.
That's a plot twist.
I'm actually Erik Naggum's ghost.It feels like this format form would be placed in a function definition.  Do you consider this an acceptable answer?eval `format t "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" ,.coerce "DANKMEMES" 'listHere's what I imagined the function that uses this would look like:defun dank string eval `format t "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" ,.coerce string 'listFormat is probably one of my favorite parts of Common Lisp.
WORKS BUT HOWORKSBUTHOW
This:`format t "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" ,.coerce "DANKMEMES" 'listrenders this:FORMAT T "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" #\D #\A #\N #\K #\M #\E #\M #\E #\SI couldn't just use the list as is, because I needed to skip the first character in the string on the second iteration.
maybe it doesn't have all the futures but checkhttp://wiki.call-cc.org/chicken-projects/egg-index-4.html#hellhttp://docs.racket-lang.org/reference/concurrency.htmlor just google "your scheme implementation your desired feature" and you might find it, cl-async has lots of features that might be separatted in different libraries for schemes
you should avoid eval.apply formatter "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" cons t coerce "DANKMEMES" 'list
clojure is shitit combines the functionality/practicality of scheme with the purity of common lisp
Common LispPureSchemePracticalI think you mixed these up here.
I don't have the le fahnny point over head picture, so ill just say that you entirely missed the point
Sorry I'm not perfectly attuned to the subtleties of your autism.
clojure is shitexplain how it has the worst qualities of each languageautismgo back to /r9k/ and fuck yourself in the ass with tendies
Which version of SBCL are you using? 1.2.12 changed the specification of sb-c:policy
I'm running 1.2.12If something changed is the case, what should I do to solve the problem? Use an older sbcl?
Why isn't null called nullp, eq called eqp, etc?
So I managed to get the REPL to work on vim, but mit-scheme seems to go nuts about a variable not being "unbound" when I'm trying to 'define' it. What did I do wrong?define a * 5 5
Is this the only thing you entered? The same definition works on my mit-scheme.
on the cli trough my terminal it works, but it doesn't work on my slimv it seems....
my mistake, the swank interpretter was stuck on sbcl
thinking about sbcl being the problem gives me an ideaswitch sbcl to clispworks just fineGuess I'll just be using clisp now
I've thought about it and I don't see the particular danger in using it how I did.The only thing my function doesn't do is check its argument's type before using it, because I didn't add that.
Can I make mit-scheme print out a sort of stack trace like lisp can?
Someone could pass a dangerous command to the function that deletes the user's home directory. Which would then be evaluated without any questions asked.For showing off eval is perfectly fine, for production code one should avoid it if at all possible. If not possible or if the workaround is too much work then the stuffed passed to it should at least be checked.But yes, for a post on /g/ eval is fine.
For showing off eval is perfectly fine, for production code one should avoid it if at all possible. If not possible or if the workaround is too much work then the stuffed passed to it should at least be checked.I agree.  If I had put a type check in my function, I don't currently see anything that could go wrong that couldn't already occur.Anyways, I rarely get to use this feature of format, so I went ahead and wrote a version that doesn't require coercing the string:defun dank stream string colon at  declare ignore colon at  loop with first = t        for char across string        if first          do setq first nil        else          do princ char stream             terpri streamformat t "~a~%~:*~/dank/" "DANKMEME"Make sure this is evaluated in the cl-user package, unless you want to add a package prefix to the dank call in format.
Doesn't work at all with org-babel.
Grabing an older version 1.2.11 should fix itJust wait for SLIME to catch up before uprgading.
Lisper looking into Elixir for fun. Anyone have any experience with it and want to share?
Anybody has experience with mcclim?I have window that has one pane that inherits application-pane but I create it with default-initargs :scroll-bars nilWhy does it still displays the scroll-bars?
Guile is generally installed by default in Loonixes, so I've never had to do it manually.
At what point does a "trivial" program become "non-trivial"? Is it the program's usefulness? Is it how complicated or long it is?
Generally it's more about how complicated it is in a particular language. However it's a flexible definition. The word "trivial" also describes basic, uninteresting cases in an algorithm e.g. sorting a list with length = 1.
R9 285/280/ GTX 760 ? I can't decide which one, but my monitor will be the Asus VS 144Hz.inb4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oFfYAPXjVIinb4 http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/amd-radeon-r9-285-tonga,3925-8.html
r9 380xIt's a beefed up r9 285
It's also not out yet unfortunately :Can't wait though.Also +1 for 285
http://techreport.com/review/27702/nvidia-geforce-gtx-960-graphics-card-reviewedGTX 960
http://gpuboss.com/gpus/Radeon-R9-280-vs-GeForce-GTX-960
It's next month, you might as well wait
GPUBosshttp://www.anandtech.com/bench/product/1332?vs=1038GPUBoss a shit
R9 285. 3gb of VRAM is awesome.
gpuboss285 or 960Don't get other cards, none of them will give you 144fps in new games, but these 2 have most functions and future support.
Thanks anons. I will more than likely pull the trigger later so the Saphire R9 285 it is !!
This is the first time I see a GPU with the fans doing pull.
I would go with a 290 if possible.Or just be patient and wait for the 3XX series to launch
Thanks for the reply but, a 100 bucks would be hard to justify, or would it ?Total build is €1,203 at the moment.http://pcpartpicker.com/p/B4Yq8d
GTX980, retard.
GTX 980 is like 500 bucks. Others are within 2-300 dollar price range, retard.http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/high_end_gpus.html
I have the Asus 760. It's nice, still plays most games War thunder, ect at 60fps 1080p. But you won't even get close to 144Hz on top games. Also mine tends to buzz if the fps goes over about 110 eg, on old games. Coil whine, I think it's called. It's quieter than my own tinnitus, and is only at high fps, so I don't really care but you might.
It's good to get some varied opinion at least. GTA will be the main game but obviously I’ll want to play Dirt, Tomb Raider and now I think were going to be shunned to /v/
We'll be shunned to /v/ for not doing the /g/ thing and buying $500 GPUs, and then procede to use that power 99% of the time just to watch taiwanese television and argue in this place...GTA V is fine on my 760. They recommend 2.5GB of VRAM for 'very high textures', mind, but it seems fine to me. Alternatively there's a 4GB version of the 760, a whole 0.5GB more than the 970! Some people say the bus width of the 760 is a problem for 4GB, though. You might want to look into that.The FPS does drop occasionally at the north of the map lowest of 45, I think, but you can turn some things down from max if you want it 60 100% of the time.
r9 380x is going to be the mid-budget choice of GPU for a long time, I'd wait a few weeks for it
OP here. I've gotten rid of the 280 as an option anyway.The 760 seems to have the better reviews overall too.The division between trolls and good information can be hard to decipher but I'm after basing a lot of my first build on logical increments, tommys hardware and some shitposting on /g/ believe it or not.Unrelated to graphics but do you have the memory leak I've been reading about. Same price range I'm guessing ?
3xx come out third week of June, stated by AMD themselves. 16-21 to be exact.Still can buy the 290x then for cheaper.
What am I going to do with my Asus 290? It still very much holds it's ground @1080p
you say that yet your buying 144z monitor and using a weak ass gpu.
you might as well waitWith that attitude you are stuck in a perpetual state of waiting, as the next best thing is just around the corner always. Go buy what's good right now and serves your purpose, and make a plan to upgrade X amount of time later.
We're talking about waiting three weeks for the version with more vram and better stock clocks not two years for the next chip.
Only insecure manlets have the need to always have the latest best thing. Those are the kinds of people that get horribly insecure when a new gpu comes out that's 2% faster, and they feel inadequate when posting in desktop threads.
And in three weeks you will find out that the card is much more expensive than anticipated, and that they will be releasing a binned budget version at the end of quarter 3. It never ends.
mean while the old card you were looking at drops even more...
You don't understand do you? There is never a right time to purchase technology. Buy things when they are out and available, by saying you're going to wait some time before buying something you accomplish nothing.
It's my first build, go easy.So you think I should get a higher spec card/downgrade to a lower spec monitor. Makes sense.
No memory leak problem for me.
just stfu and wait for the 390x.... even if you dont buy it the other morons who want it will be sellig off there shit cheap. the price o everything else will drop.
R9 285/280/ GTX 760 which one will power 144hz guys?none of them however the 280 is the strongest one in terms of raw performance
Not necessarily. The 285 has been beating the 280X in some more recent games, such as The Witcher 3, due to its newer architecture. Buying a rebranded 7950/70 in 2015 is dumb.
a 1440p 144hz monitor is the ideal but the one you buy needs to have some adapt refresh solutionso freesync with AMD gpu or Gsync with Nvidia gpudont upgreade to 144hz without that feature or you will be fucking yourself overin order to power this monitor effectively with high settings you will need a gtx 980ti OR an R9-390 when they release in a monththe alternative is dual card setups which all suck a 980 and a 280X wont propeerly drive that screen so a 960 and 285 REALLY wont cut it at all unless you have graphics set to low
why not 280x?
see 
thats average frames with settings reducedwitcher3 is a terrible example because it uses severely downgraded graphics to keep the memory draw under 2gb so those cards dont shit the bed
not who you replied to, but yeah144Hz isn't exactly necessary unless you're going full enthusiast and get a great GPU...or 2.I'd say being able to max settings at 60 fps and saving money is better than spending more for the monitor and settling for crap settings with your GPU in order to take advantage of your high refresh rate.
m-m-m-muhYou own a 280 or 280X, don't you?
256bit 2gbyeah, no, good onesif there are any are not available at least not in my area
you accomplish "seeing your options" within the present window of time ,,wait  and you magically have more to pick from and from that point the cycle starts over again.
Why don't /g/ have any love for removewat? Daz loader seems to get shilled everyday.
Because it's shit?
illegal windowssaving money on the single most important thing in your computerHows life living in a hut made out of dung?
Nobody seems to know a good place to get Daz loader, either.
 tpb search for 'windows loader' first linkwow
explainsaving money on the single most important thing in your computerThe most important component inside your computer will always be arbitrary.
implying that's a trustworthy source
explainWell, for one thing it doesn't actually work.
Do you want it or not?
Do you lie for fun or? It works.
Removewat was deprecated when Windows Loader was released.  But there's not really a need for either of them anymore when you can just use Microsoft Toolkit to activate Windows.
It might have worked the once or twice that you tried it, but the wider experience is that it fucks things up.  For example, my Loader/Toolkit systems have unintentionally in a couple of cases been updated with the updates that broke some releases.  They all remain activated and all think they're genuine.
nigga lrn2md5
http://www.zone62.com/check downloads sectionyou need to register, but the copy is solid
I'm ripping and compressing about 500 DVDs and about 100 blurays. I've been using makemkv to do the ripping and while time consuming simply due to having to change discs every 20 mins, it seems to do a nice job. I've compressed a few vids so far with Handbrake for Windows. It seems to get the job done but it's a very manual process using the gui. I'm trying to compress everything using the default "high profile" and adding all the audio streams and subtitle tracks. I have to do each one by hand since you can't point it at a directory and have it grab all the audio and subtitles. Someone has to have already done this with the CLI option. I just don't want to think I have it right and then find out in 6 months I missed something and have to do it again.I also tried compressing a DVD using h.264, h.264 with QSV support and h.265. The compression times were 16 minutes, 4 minutes and 28 minutes respectively. I honestly can't tell the difference between the output videos and the h.265 video is less than a meg smaller than the other two formats. Should I bother with h.265 for DVD or just blurays?
Should I bother with h.265 for DVD or just blurays?You shouldn't be using H.265 until at least next year
I'm doing the same. I suggest you use h264 with most stuff in advanced tab set to max if you want to wait for better compression and quality. Also turn on the filters and set them to some minimal setting, you can save more space without a big quality loss.As for audio and subtitles, you can remove those with MakeMKV and just add all tracks in handbrake, unfortunately it seems you can't just autoadd tracks and get the queue set instantly in handbrake.
Why?
hope you have an i7 with hyperthreading or a 16 core AMD monstrosity because that's going to take you a while
I'm more interested in quality than space savings for the most part. Using the high profile I turn ~6GB rips into ~1.5GB MP4s with multiple audio and subtitle tracks. I've got 16TB on my SAN so space isn't an issue. I just don't want to have to do this again in a few years. I'm more concerned with the blurays to be honest. Will I see a space savings or quality increase using h.265 on them?
I've got 8 hexacore xeons in my lab not being used, an I7-3940xm in my work laptop and an I7-980x in my desktop. I've been testing with the laptop for ease of use. It's quick but my desktop blows it away.
You'll probably see a small space saving, but it'll eat a lot more time to process. Only tried h265 on a DVD, the difference wasn't worth the time, so I'm going with h264.If you have so much space, I'd forget about the filters then, and just max the advanced settings. I just bought a 4TB drive, but I don't care about the quality on my stuff, want to use most of the space for anime.i7 4790 at 4GHz, DVD rips go roughly at 35 frames a second to encode. Haven't gotten to the BDs yet. Expect it to take a lot longer.
i7 4790 at 4GHz, DVD rips go roughly at 35 frames a second to encode. Haven't gotten to the BDs yet. Expect it to take a lot longer.Whoa, what? I'm seeing 120-160 FPS with the laptop and 300-600fps with the desktop. How much different are your settings than the high profile?
Pretty different from what I see.
WTF? I don't even have that tab.
You need to select this.
I don't have that check box either. What version are you running?
Forgot, you need to check this first.
h.265 is a significant improvement over "stock" h.264, but current free implementations are early, unoptimized, and roughly on par with 10bit x264 with smart settings.i'm not sure how smart handbrake defaults are, or what are smart settings for your particular content.
Got it. I'm good. Ok. Is there some place reputable that has explanations for the settings I have at my disposal? There seems to be a ton of opinions available through teh googles, but as an outsider I don't know which ones are reputable.
If you don't follow the scene standards, just kill yourself.You may as well download your DVDs off from the internet by professional scene rippers rather than encode your own. Saves your time and you get better quality.
If you don't follow the scene standards, just kill yourself.Yes. Very helpful. Thank you for supporting my endeavor to better myself.
I'm only familiar with for anime, and that doesn't carry over very well to live-action.Scene standards are hilariously terrible "but if I update my encoder toolchain/settings it might stop playing on iPod Classic or take up two CD-Rs" messes.
most stuff in advanced tab set to maxGreat way to take far more time than necessary and make files much bigger than needed. The settings and profiles are there for a reason.Decent beginner settings: Don't use the advanced tab, just use the x264 tune set to whatever you're encoding, set profile to main and level to auto, x264 preset to the slowest you can bear, usually something like slower, use constant quality = 20 for blu ray, 18 for dvd.For sound use AAC avcodec, then whatever mixdown you like. Generally sensible values are just below half way down so 192kbps for Pro Logic II, 640kbps for 5:1 and so on. Add subs if you like.This anon is right, you might as well just download them unless it's something uncommon; the encodes will be better quality and it won't cost you anywhere near as much in electricity.
Sorry that should say set profile to high. Main is fine too but it doesn't have quantisation matrices so your files size will be a little higher.
This anon is right, you might as well just download them unless it's something uncommon; the encodes will be better quality and it won't cost you anywhere near as much in electricity.The goal isn't to get digital copies of these movies, it's to learn a new skill and have a usable output. Downloading copies is not the correct answer for a few reasons.
I want to keep the quality mostly as it is, while making it not take too much space. Deep Impact from DVD with 2 audio tracks and 4 subtitle tracks english and polish, though I won't use the second one ever takes up 876MB. The movie is almost 2 hours, at 1024x436 resolution. Original rip from MakeMKV takes up 4.58GB. The loss of quality I see is minimal from what I've seen.I'm pretty sure that if this is "much bigger than needed", then show me an example that's of equal or better quality while taking less space at roughly this resolution.
not using mid-to-out compression algorithm
Oh, and the loss of quality is most likely from filters, without those the processed video would probably be 1-1,1GB with even less quality drop.
I can't figure out the best D2F ratio.
it should never end up 1024x436 unless you're catering to very, very primitive players. DVD video is stored as 720x480 internally and should only be cropped down from that 704x480, 720x436, 704x304, etc due to overscan horizontal or aspect ratio vertical; at 1024 wide you're spending a lot of bits solely so your playback device doesn't have to handle anamorphic content.1024x436 is also its own special kind of bad because you're trimming vertical, then scaling vertical back up, then scaling horizontal up to match, when the only reason to have 436 live lines to begin with is DVD player limitations. Lots of unnecessarily destructive scaling, lots of interpolated pixels taking up bitrate, all to support the cheapest playback devices available in 2005 - this is the enduring problem with scene logic.
That's probably not too much bigger than it needs to be. I don't have the movie on DVD so can't do a direct comparison but that's probably about the size I'd be aiming for. A lot of rips try to stay under a CD-R size for DVD rips but if you're just keeping it on your own hard drive that doesn't matter. I wouldn't bother putting anything I'm not likely to use into the encode, I usually only keep English and if the movie was originally in another language, that. 2 hours at 192kbps adds nearly 180mb to the file. It's fine to stick everything on for archival purposes, but really who are you archiving it for?
MakeMKV from what I know doesn't mess with video size, Handbrake cuts off the black bars so it's just the video. The original is 1024x576, the 436 is from having the black bars cut off.I'll be giving my mom a copy of the encodes so she can watch the movies if she wants to. If I start running out of space I'll just use mkvmerge and remove the extra audio tracks.
waste of time when you could just down better quality encodes done by people who know what they're doing
Are you really retarded or do you just play one on the internet?OP already said he's trying to learn.
if it's on an NTSC DVD, it will only ever be 720x480, 704x480, 352x480, or 352x240. PAL is the same except 576 or 288 lines high. SOMETHING'S messing with the video size.704x436 is legit, it's a PAL disc with overscan removed 8px per side and cropped down to 2.35:1 AR. But the DVD video spec only supports widths of 720 full-frame, 704 overscan/hblank window trash pre-removed, and 352 704 at half horizontal res for compatibility with VCD. If you end up 1024 pixels wide, something is either:upscalingconverting to 1:1 PAR which basically means a horizontal-only upscale that should be done at playtime to avoid double scaling/wasting bits on something the playback device's scaler should handleboth
Video: MPEG4 Video H264 720x436 256:109 25fps [V: h264 high L4.1, yuv420p, 720x436 [default]]I guess it's MPC that's increasing the video size, as Handbrake is also saying 720x436.
If it's MPC doing it, then it's working perfectly.DVD pixels aren't the same shape as computer pixels, because it was designed for tube TVs where a horizontal pixel was less a fixed entity and more a suggestion for how long to output a particular voltage/frequency. DVD video needs a single step to upscale that 480 width to your playback window, it just doesn't make sense to do it before encoding rather than when you watch.
Re-encoded Deep Impact without the filters.1,03GB and I can't tell the difference in quality between the original rip and the new encode, while I can see loss of quality on the encode with filters. Guess I can handle the small size increase.
need to enable advanced settingsto enable advanced tabto enable maximum settingskek'd
Re-encode your DVDs but download scene rips of your blu-rays.
Mind telling why? Scene rips often sacrifice quality for size, why would I download them, when I can rip and encode with the settings I want?
They've completely missed the point of this thread.
I'm ripping and compressing about 500 DVDs and about 100 blurays.I just don't want to think I have it right and then find out in 6 months I missed something and have to do it again.I honestly can't tell the difference between the output videosSTOP right there, you're already in the wrong direction. First of all, bookmark doom9 and videohelp forums, then learn the difference between bit depth of colors. Google your way around: mediainfo, mkv toolnix, 10-bit compression, x264 tunes/presets/crf, there's a lot you need to know, encoding is not something you learn in a day or by asking on 4chan it might help a bit but still, it took me months to understand how to use the x264 parameters in the best way, there're dozens of parameters for a reason.
Hey guys, was wondering what in your opinion is the best mouse to go for. I mainly play cs:go nowadays if that helps.Pic related: it's what I'm thinking about getting
G400s get. Steelseries mice just aren't very ergonomic. I like the rubber texture, but they are just bulky and awkward.
personally I'm enjoying the logitech g700 atm, due to the DPI meter I can easily access. Cheersvvv
Zowie fk1 is only option
2015Plays CS:GO
FK1
tumblrplease
I was too lazy to rename,pls no ban/stalk/rape irl/nuke my house.
G400sGood choice, had onePersonally own a G700, its bit heavy but i like it that way. CSGO ? Just go buy a razer mouse and get out.
I had a steelseries and it died 3 month after warranty.
CS:GO Is played by more people then ever nowadays. I don't get what your trying to Imply.I use this mouse and I can honestly say It's one of the best mouses I've had In a long time and I've been playing cs since 2012. Not to mention It's cheap price and don't be discouraged by It.This Is also a decent mouse. I had It for a couple months then broke on me but still very nice.
It all really depends on your hand size and your grip. But if i was to recommend a mouse it would be the "Final Mouse" and yes that is its name. The company only has one product and its the Final Mouse. They primarily focus on mice for competitive gamers and have made this mouse. I highly recommend it especially if you have a medium size hand.
zowie FKeverything else is ricer trash, including logitech nowadays
not op, whats the difference between Zowie fk1 and Zowie fk2?
Size
The flashy ones with LED's all of them, yes.The normal ones are okay. I think the G700 looks alright. The G502 on the other hand ...
I have a Roccat Savu right now.It's alright after you disable the LED thing at the bottom but I've had it for about a year now and I'm noticing that it sometimes does a double click even when I only click once.But since I got it pretty cheap I'd still rate it as one of the better mice I had so far.
What is the point of posts like this? Is there anyone in the world pathetic enough to care what games other people play?If not, is this a troll? Who is getting trolled here?I just don't get it.
probably quit csgonow makes fun of those who play itIt doesn't take a psychologist to see a sad little mind in there.
CS:GO Is played by more people then ever nowadays. I don't get what your trying to Imply.Because there are no decent alternatives. All studios want to make ebin cinematic single player campaigns.
Hijacking this thread.Are there any good left handed mice out there that aren't just left/right hand mice?
That's a funny joke, all fps single player games other than Farcry suck dick man
Looks like a bad Deathadder clone.
I got one and the side buttons are shitty
Outright, best bluetooth mouse, what is it? I'm using the Arc Touch Mouse from MS and the wheel doesn't work. It's a widely reported problem with this mouse. And I hate having a dongle. The design is cool tho.
So it looks like you haven't provided us with any links to your social media presence, care to explain?
No, goodbye.
B-b-because m-muh f-freedoms! I-i-is that w-w-w-w-w-w-windows on y-your p-pc? S-stay away f-from me you capitalist p-p-pig! T-the c-commie revolution will c-c-come s-soon!
Autism: the post
Autism/10
Because all that's on my normiebook page is drinking photos with my drunken mates and ironic memepage likes.
I've never had a need or a use for a Facebook or Twitter account.
haven't provided us with any links to your social media presenceimplying github isn't mainly a social media site by now
Autistic content
Its /g/ : the post. Of course its autistic
I've heard that some companies ask for your login information for your social media pages? Is this true?
Only in the land of the free. Its forbidden everywhere else
Do they actually ask this in job interviews?I might set up a fake page with pictures of me cleaning up trash or giving money to homeless, kek
Are you sure?
give them some normalfag bullshit reply
Social media is cancer m8, I suggest you delete yours immediately
I'm sorry, but that's private information. If you persist asking such matters then I will report you to the employment tribunal.
Sorry, we don't think you're suitable for this job.
Too bad, that is also cause for a report.
people really put it on their CVs?on my cv, as of personal data, I always only put my name and surname, address, phone number, and email address.
Yes, I don't have any. With all due respect, if your company requires me to have any social media accounts, I will have to withdraw my application. Thank you for your time.
Fuck off and grab a shower, you stink.
Asking about details of personal life is illegal. I don't think any company is genuinely that fucking stupid to get a multimillion dollar discrimination lawsuit on their ass.
If you need your sysadmin to have a social media presence you're doing something horribly wrong.
this
So it looks like you haven't provided us with any links to your social media presence, care to explain?Yes that is correct, my social life is not an indicator my merit at this company. And regardless of that my social life and work life are, and will remain completely seperate.. Honestly I'm uncomfortable that you would wish to snoop on potential or current employees and will be terminating this meeting.That's how it goes when companies fight for you rather than when you're fighting for work..If you're new to work just say you dont use social media. or didnt think it was relevant to work
Always makes me laugh when I search for a colleague on Twitter and find 200 tweets all linking to Guardian/New Scientist articles. I *hope* they are dummy accounts.
justifying decisions you made based on employment lawsdon't do that
You can do that, they just have to need you more than you need them.I get called to work for people rather than looking for work.Else you're right, just kiss ass and get paid.
I like to be productive throughout the day and I think social media is distracting. Social media is the worst form of downtime.receive jobgo lurk faecbook in teh workplaec
I deleted it because I was tired of my “friends” publicly liking the pages of artists that were into gay porn.
I've got my own website with thousands of  visitors a day. I dont need a handful of Facebook visitors.
Read that as "giving trash to the homeless."
I didn't think it was necessary.
Im on the verge of this. so far this week, a friend, of a friend, i met at a bar once has decided to announce:a list of fetisheshis anal prolapsea possible case of herpesIm not sure if should just block it or laugh and post meme pics
mfw i work in HRmfw the first thing i check is the fags' twitter and fb accounts before even checking their experience and honorsmfw discard any idiot that has drunk pics, weeb pics, doesn't do sports, likes /mu/ tier music or watches too many shitty moviesi also check their friend lists looking for hipsters and other autistsJust make a fake account and fill it with pics of your pets, or other stuff like the beach and only accept normies who are dumber than you as friends. You'll pass the filter easily.
not setting the security of every item so it only shows normalfag things to anyone who isn't your friend.
Why the fuck would you put your Facebook on your CV in the first place?
i also check their friends lists looking for hipsters and other autistsWhat if they don't have any friends at all?
So it looks like you haven't provided us with any links to your social media presence, care to explain?My only social media presence is 4chan /b/, which is too embarrassing to mention on my resume.
who is this qt?
who's this demen semon?
tbh i'm checking more twitter accounts lately cause fb is rather dead and not accurate for my profiling. If i need more access on fb i'll just grab the company's fb account and send you a friend request, that makes most idiots feel they're special and they just accept.You're fucked. At least put pics of your family.
Bitch, you mean my github? I thought we were developers /g/, not some pussy ass social media marketers.
Pretty sure you can add an exception to the rules that lets you put certain people who are on you friends list at the same security level as someone who isn't your friend.
they used to, I think it was about 5-7 years ago employers were checking employees Facebook pages and if they saw something "unsavory" the employee would face disciplinary action upto and including termination
I had to sign a document saying I wouldn't say anything damaging about the company on social media when they hired me.
here http://a.pomf.se/tcxczn.webmKinda loses the effect when I cant post the webm normally.. oh well
which means they will check your Facebook/twitter/G+ whatever looking to see if you do
Most normies don't so it's not a problem and if you seriously make it that hard for me i'll have a laugh and set you up for an interview with the HR shrinks or either throw your cv in the bin depending on your gpa.
i did find her soon afterwards ofc and i bet everyone on this thread knows about reverse image search engines, but i never skip an opportunity to say semen demon
Sent from my parents basement
s/thread/board
"Well, Anon, according to your resume, it looks like you fit the criteria to hire. Unfortunately, after some deliberations with my managers, we decided not to hire you. Your fervent belief in free open source software is admirable, but going on about it for 20 straight minutes while telling me how the NSA is spying on us everywhere ago along with your profanity-laced tirade explaining why you would never use a, -- and this is a quote from my superiors -- "plebeian Windows or garbage Mac OS," on your work computer makes us think that you're not a culture fit for our company. Thank you for your time. You may leave now. Also, a helpful tip for your next interview, Anon: take a shower. You smell awful."
grab a showergrab a showergrab a showergrab a showergrab a showergrab a shower
underrated post8.9/10
Sorry, but we just don't feel that you'd make a good cultural fit here
take a shower nigga you're gonna make my office stink
/this
don't want mum coming down and seeing the piss bottles and daki pillows?
and this is a quote from my superiors -- "plebeian Windows or garbage Mac OS,"do you know me?
I am so sorry, the circles I frequent are are exclusive, strictly invite-only.It would be quite inconsiderate of me to simply assume that you have an account there.
 you haven't provided us with any links to your social media presenceRUN, Anon. Run from a company that judges people by their Facebook pages.
go on...tell me more about these "accounts"
shit for brains/10
That's false. It has no legal backing, he company however can never ever give out your pay or any information about you without your consent.
people have gotten fired for bitching about/shit talking their managers, didnt you read the news 5 years ago?
this bait thread againReport, don't reply.
tfw work for government and not having accounts was an advantageAlso no tatoos, scars, piercings.
It's illegal in USA also
My Github account is not enough?
post it
I've never been asked this during an interview.
Why?
so we can see how good you actually are
I heard in America they make you write down social network account names and passwords for your interview.
But you are not interviewing me.
let's say I am, so come on, post it
Ok, but only if you do it first.
I deleted my social media accounts years ago. Never got any use out of them anyways. Just posts of idiots doing idiotic things and me scrolling through not contributing a damn thing. I have 4chan for that.Not everything you hear in your communist club in Turk and Arab land is true.
I have nothing there. It's empty since I don't have anything to show to the world.
that's for border control, not job interview
So what's stopping you from posting it? It's empty anyway.
"What do you mean? I provided my tripcode and a link to various 4chan archives where you can see every post I've made in the last five years."
Nah.
I've heard this as well.  I'm slowly getting rid of all my social media shit as I get closer to graduating.  Can't log into an account that doesn't exist.
https://github.com/MRSkowronski
If not a troll, I can see why everyone in every company hates hr.
not doing a level 5 security checknot doing full body scan and bone marrow testnot talking to every person I've ever metSo, you basically take any yinyang who has a cute online scrapbook?good day to you sir!
Not having a social media presence is even more of a red flag than a slightly embarassing one.If you're under 30 and don't have a facebook its basically a mark against your name because you clearly can't behave like a normie and won't properly integrate into a team.
that reposkek
gówna
You know that you can delete them, right?And btw, is the picrelated you?
I'm over 30, so I'm in luck there.  Guess I'll keep the Facebook account then.  It's only family and friends from back home anyway.  Problem is, my family and friends from back there are all white trash hillbillies.  I've worked hard to become normal.  They're gonna see some shit if they browse their profiles.  HR is full of the most shallow cocksuckers.
how's that?  maybe the person who doesn't have a Facebook doesn't need one because he is already doing social activities, maybe he/she/it takes pictures but doesn't want the whole fucking world to see them, any company that says this is a red flag is not worth working for because they want to monitor you at work and in your personal life which has no merit on your work
maybe he/she/it takes pictures but doesn't want the whole fucking world to see themCongratulations, you've just described someone atypical. I didn't say I approved of it, just that the norm is to do so. they want to monitor you at work and in your personal life which has no merit on your work"What are you interests outside of work / hobbies / interests' has been a questions for decades, anon. This isn't new. They just have the capability to know more now, and they're using it.
Tfw literally had an argument with someone about how Facebook is a useless waste of time, among other things including how they spy on you, monitor shit you type even if you don't enter, etc.MFW they literally said they "like facebook because there is many insightful articles and news stories posted by their friends"I originally thought they were saying memewords but they also own every single apple product, including pre-ordering the apple watch.
Fuck off, stalker.
Congratulations, you've just described someone atypical. I didn't say I approved of it, just that the norm is to do so.and that's a shitty reason, "because its the norm", the norm would be to wonder why people have to share their personal lives on the internet where they can be viewed by the entire world"What are you interests outside of work / hobbies / interests' has been a questions for decades, anon. This isn't new. They just have the capability to know more now, and they're using it.and this is justified how?  they can ask me what my hobbies are in the interview or when they see me at work, they don't need to monitor me when I'm not at work, that's not their business and this practice should be outlawed as a breach of privacy
Fucking this, they can't ask you about private information and you can't be rejected if you don't want to give them private information. Do you even basic HR?
they can't ask you about private information and you can't be rejected if you don't want to give them private information.hahahahahhahhahahhahahahaha
Still in school, why is this that funny? Is that really what it's like?
they can't ask you about private information and you can't be rejected if you don't want to give them private information. Do you even basic HR?He actually believes that everyone follows the rules to a tee Ok you decline to give what they ask for you.Person interviewing you just writes down on your resume "Not a good fit", they wish you a good day at the end and throw it directly in the trash.It happens with countless other things which are "technically" illegal, but there is always some loophole or they can just be vague about it.
Well, obviously the official reason for rejection wouldn't be that you refused to give them such information, but let's say it can increase the chance you'll be rejected for some other official reason. Dramatically.
you better start deleting pics and posts you don't want others to see, and remember that most tech jobs have SJWs running the HR department, so keep that in mind as well
"Anon, where do you see yourself in ten years?""Sitting in your chair, wearing your wife's blouse and taking your throbbing cock up my bottom.""B-but h-how will you be s-sitting on t-the c-hair?""Oh, we'll find a way."It's totally worth the court injunction.
See i don't need you to give me your private info, i can just look you up on fb by your name. Most people have their twitter instagram or whatever else linked on their fb so it's useless.And i can just reject you claiming other issues like experience.Not a troll, get used to the real world.
That story about dickgirls fighting with jets of cum on literotica. I wrote that.
I paid a IT media agency 30.000€ dollar to polish my CV, get some thousand StackOverflow reputation, Github, XING, Twitter etc.They really made it look like I am fighting at the frontiert of advanced open source software with cutting edge knowledge and skills.They even trained me in my new CV and made up fake references that could be called!That landed me a job at Google.
This is not a rule for future employees, this actually helps to find the best qualificated member to join in the organisation. I fucking hate new HR workers who don't give a shit about their company and let enter anyone, wasting a lot of time and resources by bullshit things like stalking facebook. Come on.
There is, right there at the bottom,bbc.co.uk/man-arrested-for-facebook-grooming.htm
I fucking hate new HR workers who don't give a shit about their company and let enter anyone, wasting a lot of time and resources by bullshit things like stalking facebook. Come on.Do you think HR employees give a fucking shit about the longevity of the company? Or its profit?They're making their money, then they eventually skedaddle. They don't care if this tumblr SJW systems engineer will be a good fit or actually competent. They just want to fill quotas and get their dosh.
All these HR ITT acting like divasYou are doing a terrible job.
Fuck, does this really happen in interviews?If so, does it happen at interviews with tech companies, or just other companies that look for stupid shit on your resume like "goals" and action-words and 4-bit personality test results?
seriously, HR is a worthless department, fucking janitors are more important than those bottom feeders
This is why HR employees end up working at recruitment and they never get promoted, fucking lazy divas.
holy shit its real, what the fuck america.land of the free.https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qrgra/why_do_schools_and_employers_seem_to_think_that/https://www.reddit.com/r/Libertarian/comments/r586i/companies_asking_for_facebook_password_as_part_of/https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/r5heo/you_are_in_the_middle_of_an_interview_for_a_much/https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/r640l/during_a_job_interview_if_the_employer_asks_for/https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/rfedd/redditor_drunken_economist_is_going_to_be_on_the/https://www.reddit.com/r/reactiongifs/comments/11jaa9/i_had_a_job_interview_today_and_this_was_mfw_the/https://www.reddit.com/r/AMA/comments/rhgxd/ama_request_somebody_who_asks_for_facebook/https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/rdexi/are_employers_asking_for_facebook_passwords/https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1u1iud/have_you_ever_been_asked_to_provide_social_media/https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1cr2b2/has_anyone_actually_been_asked_for_their_facebook/https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/rj69s/what_to_do_if_a_company_asks_for_your_facebook/
No wonder you all can't get a job. You have to spin, people.So it looks like you haven't provided us with any links to your social media presence, care to explain?"Well, I prefer to put my time into work and improving my skills instead of into social media. I find it's less distracting and helps me work at a higher level than my peers."
Codemonkeys go and fix the network, i can't browse facebook.
I work for a university and they never asked for my Facebook when I did both interviews.   Maybe some companies are just shitty?
trolling this hard
find a new career, parasite, hiring/firing based on your ideologies and organizing company lunches isn't a career
Connect me to them please?
If you are applying for a tech job and you are interviewed by a non-technical HR person you already know that its a terrible position.Interviews for developers, or sysadmins should be done by their future team leads and nobody else.
what do you think I made a bunch of fake reddit accounts to post made up shit in order to troll /g/ 3 years later?
6/10, your post made the corner of my lips twitch slightly.
ignore the HR diva who's trying to justify his shitty "career" choice
So it looks like you haven't provided us with any links to your social media presence, care to explain?Oh, but I do. I just don't get that much time to play with it anymoreHere
U a qt, wanna fuck my boypussi?
citing redditI'm very skeptical since people tend to make up stories for karma.
again anon, I didn't say it wasn't shitty, or that it shouldn't be the norm, just that it is.If you're looking for employment, you're playing by their rules
implying a company that does this is the only company looking for workthat's why not all companies do this, if that was their make or break point for a company, then its not worth it to work in that environment
Seems like a weird thing do for very little payoff.
as opposed to here where people make shit up for no reason at all.

FUCK OFF!!
tfw kids these days not only don't see a problem with detailing everything you do to the open internet, but even find it odd NOT to do so
I don't do that but I have a bit of embarrassing stuff on my fb from younger years no drunk pics or anything, more like silly stuff I just wouldn't want to share.What if I've deactivated my fb long ago? What kind of stuff shouldn't be on my Twitter? Its mostly retweets of ghetto twitter stuff I find funny, ny times and other articles relating to current events/happenings, the occassional tweet to another person, and random quotes/hipster thoughts trying to be deep
So, how's work as a "Senior CRM Sales Consultant at Oracle"?
Not him but damn that must be a well paying job. My dad does that for a different company
this does not happen in interviews.  My boss does however look at social media profiles to try to find out more about potential applicants.We were joking about it during lunch one day and I said thats why I keep my privacy settings on max.  He just said that's smart for covering my ass, as all he could see was my profile picture.
I only have an instagram where I post pictures of colors and textures and technically I have a G+ because google forces you to.Would an employer actually care that I don't have any real social media?
I have a bit of embarrassing stuff on my fb from younger yearseven that by itself is quite a problempractically all kids/young adults will do shit they will regret doing later, and the last thing you want later on is to have that immortalized on the internetof course, kids being kids they don't think that far ahead, they're not mature enough to understand why that becomes a problem
They are none of your business. If you want to know something about me, then ask me instead of stalking me on the web.Something along those lines but put in nicer words.
top heh
Autismception
Don't really use it.that's all you need to say, too
Why would you care about a company that doesn't give two shits about you? Employees are nothing but numbers that bring down their bottom line to execs. So fuck em
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mny0zkq_goM
My resume lacks social media links because I tend to lack social media in my life. Anything which involves being social I prefer to do in person unless doing so hinders productivity.
"plebeian Windows or garbage Mac OS,"My sides launched into orbit. I don't know why.
What if all my normiebook just has noise/pe/industrial
By embarrassing I just mean shit like bad almost looking pre pubescent pictures and stuff. I don't know how serious it would be taken by HR, it's just stupid shit from years ago
If a company asked me to do this I'd 360 and walk out of the room.
Oh, sorry, my mistake.  I thought I was dealing with a good company.  Thanks for the invite, the invoice for my expenses will be in the post.
implying Id ever work under someone
it's also super illegal
implying companies do everything by the book
not illegal at all actually, at least in most US states
It's illegal outside of third-world shitholes.
My LinkedIn profile is right there.
Where?:^
Illegal or not, only shit places to work require that stuff.If you have skills that are in demand, you simply tell them that you're uninterested in their firm, because you have the option of going to other places. If you're a good EE interviews are more for your benefit than the company's, since you want a good idea of what the place is like, and could give no shits about what they think of you
Top fucking kek. If only it didn't hit so close to home.
social media presenceliterally no one cares
said absolutely no employer everI've been working for 20 years, never once have I been asked about my online presence
Discuss.
For em
Against em
Iphones don't have them and they do just fine??
No
name one advantage
I've never removed the battery on my phone and I think if it was built in it would be larger, so against
battery is lowneed to leave the house in a few minutesswap battery with one on the chargerleave house at 100%
I want a thin phone, and removable batteries take up more space.Also im not autistic enough to carry spares lol
Why do you want a thin phone? Also a phone like the galaxy alpha is thinner than the iPhone 6 and still has a removable battery
There is nothing to discuss.Removable = Easy to replace and swap. Makes phone bigger.Non-removable = Makes phone smaller but not easily serviceable.
Obviously I was talking about non-removable
Batteries suck dick no matter what. Nothing else goes from 0 to 100 in 2 minutes
Ah, well then thinner phone, less prone to damage, lend to more solid designs, can be larger without the need for protective casing
caring about marginally smaller sizeJust as I thought, normie stuff, nothing /g/ related
I'm just listing the potential benefits not saying they are good or bad
fair enough
Weeaboo faggot detected
I bought a laptop a year ago off amazon without realizing the battery wasn't removable.  My first reaction was like "wtf is this bullshit", thinking Asus had gone the way of Apple.  Then I read some shit online saying how non-removable batteries have less components and cost and higher capacity since they don't have to worry about making it easily removable, and I thought "oh ok, I'm not as against it now".The battery died a month ago, I send it in for an RMA, and the laptop breaks in transition probably shouldna used USPS.  They send me back my broken laptop, I open it up for shits and giggles, and what do I find inside?  A removable battery.  Fucking assholes just lock it up inside so you have to pay more to get it replaced :
complaining about anime on 4chanI bet you get assblasted every time one of the many anime related banners on this site loads too.
Fuck you nigger.
I don't get the larger capacity argument since being removable can actually double the life if someone buys a second battery
Right, just larger capacity for someone like me who's too lazy to bother with a second battery anyway.Basically, yeah, it's total bullshit, having a non-removable battery is just another way to rip you off
I feel like its almost ok in phones, but something like a laptop is unacceptable
removeable battery I wired a 15000mAh battery into my phone and duct tape the fucking thing to the backshit lasts for dayyyyyz niggafuck all of you
They don't even make removable anymore why is this a thread
Have any pictures of that?
noit looks exactly how you'd thinkI pulled out the things that the battery touches to and soldered shitty wire onto it and then electrical taped wire to  a big ass battery and duct taped it onit is ultimate ghetto
SOT?
idk what that means
Screen on time? Basically what kind of battery life are you getting
well the other battery was 4000mAh this one is 15000I had to charge the other one probably every night if I used it throughout the day... this one I charge 1-3 times a week, but I don't sit on my phone that much either, not like surfing the web etcXiaomi Redmi NoteI think it's old, I just had a flip phone until 2 months ago.. my brother got it for me
Your despair is wonderful, keep it up
Where did you get the 15000 mah battery from? I may want to try this myself
I was against now I don't care.I accepted to buy a phone with a non-removable battery because the phone was certified IP67 and really resistant.Now after two year and a half, the autonomy is not good as before for a smartphone and I can't replace the battery but  CPU/GPU/Memory are outdated so I think i'll buy a new phone.
so I think i'll buy a new phone.Just as planned..
less prone to damagesolid designYeah those solid designs that let you accidentally bend your god damn phone into a parabola.
holy fuck nostalgiaAlso sad reality that what you're saying is true.Being able to swap batteries gives your phone an extra solid year of life.
Couldn't be using my s4 if it weren't for this battery
ebayjust a lipo battery for RC stuff
oh and it has to be 3.7volts well my phone was 3.7 I think all of them are? not sure thoughyou can use a step down from ebay too though just get adjustable they are like $2 lol for USA
yes I haven't seen any that aren't 3.7vYou can also use 18650 batteries, more the longer it lasts.. don't wire them in series or it'll up the voltage, wire in parallel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdgq1-o1_8gI watched whole vid to make sure it's accurate. should show how to wire the 3.7 batteries so they stay 3.7.. and not up to something else.
So charge it beforehand dumbass
Why should I inconvenience myself by leaving my phone plugged in and away from me at my house? I can just keep it with me and swap before I leave
I use my phone as a wifi hotspot and that basically destroys the battery, so I have one battery that I use while tethering and another I use while going out.  I also have a 7400mAh battery I use for times when I know I'll be using my phone a lot and won't have time to charge it. Personally, I would never choose to buy a phone or laptop with a non-removable battery.
Removable Batteries:Pros:-You can carry an extra charged battery around with you and swap it in once the battery in your phone runs out of charge-You can pick up a new battery and swap it in if your old battery got damaged or has degraded-You can hard reset phones easier-You can pick up a extended battery pack for your phoneCons:-Capacity may be slightly smaller
4825peopleNo fuck you racist
this
I open it up for shits and giggles, and what do I find inside? A removable battery.:
-Capacity may be slightly smaller compared to a non-removable battery of the exact same sizefixed that for you
Never use more than 2 batteries in parallel, you need a charging board for that to account for slight overcharges from one battery to another.
had phone a few yearsstock battery starting to go to shitmfw can't remove it easilydecide it isn't worth the risk of breaking the phone to change out the batterybuy new phonevs.had phone a few yearsstock battery starting to go to shitbuy new battery on amazon & swap that shitmfw phone will last me a few more yearsmfw no need to risk breaking anythin cuz im a dipshitfor removable batteries
i should clarify that in either instance, i'm a dipshit
Disregard that; I suck cocks.
People will say the same thing in a couple of years about laptops. .Not having a removable battery is just completely unacceptable. It basically means that the company that sells you the phone wants you to buy a new one each year or spend way to much money on having it replaced.
Not wanting options to have alternatives.Typical iFag
I'd rather not have to carry around a brick just to have mentionable battery life.It's not like it's necessary anyway if you're using reasonably efficient software OS and applications. I get around 8 hours out of my 15" rMBP w/ an i7-4870HQ and 10-12 hours out of my early 2014 13" MBA. I can't imagine why you'd need a secondary battery with numbers like that.
For when you go on the roads? or go camping? or maybe you live in a banana land and you may experience 3 day long power outage?
The only laptop I'd take camping is an old worn out thinkpad or latitude... something I wouldn't care about beating up. It strikes me as rather odd to take a laptop out while camping anyway.And as someone who grew up in the sticks town of ~1k people, power outages aren't *that* common and when they do happen, the internet goes too. I don't know about you but I'd run out of things to do on a computer without internet within the first 4-6 hours, let alone 3 whole days.
You are right. I don't really remember not having access to power for more than a day. except that one time where it snowed like 20+ meters in my town which literally never snows over 0.50m in one year. So we had no power for like 2 weeksIn this day and age, 3G exists if LTE doesn't. so internet isn't that hard to come by
Seems like a net gain for the consumer to me. The pros outweigh the cons by a mile.
doing illegal shitdont want the NSA tracking youpull out battery on phone
to a consumer, the only thing that matters is numbersIt doesn't matter if it's a stupid number or not. It just must be a number, followed by a lower/higher is betterUnfortunately, thinness is more important than battery life so.. yeah. thanks applel
why the hell do you need a removable battery for?when the battery is dead just buy a new iphone
They will soon be all non-removable, because removing the battery is the only way to stop the NSA from accessing your camera or microphone at will, which by law, all phone companies are required to allow them to do
I dindu nuffin Dat post is WAYCIS!!!ooga booga booga go back to Africa.niggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggernigger
God damn those things tasted nasty
All batteries are removable if you're savvy enough.
There is nothing to discuss, they're literally same but one setup forces you to change/service your entire phone if battery fuck up while the other has no such downsides but is being phased out because good goys don't repair phones but buy new ones.
not if they're connected to a bomb
non removable one less thing to worry aboutAnything else is just pure autism
after finalsme and friend watching a movie on Netflix with his iPhonehis iPhone gives him the 20% warning popup then after a bit the 10%says his phone is about to die and we can't finish the movieI pull out my galaxy freshly swapped to 100% and say we can use mine his mind is blown after asking how my phone is full and I tell him I switched its battery Now I have a free Netflix account
I like the nonremovable battery because Im not good with technical stuff. If I ever need the battery changed I always just send it in to verizon and they get it back to me in a few weeks.
Non-removable doesn't bother me because I don't live in Nowhereville, TN and have a plethora of Apple stores I can walk into and get my battery swapped out in ~10m or so. It isn't half the ordeal you guys are making it out to be.
All batteries are removable.
So I see Stallman getting quoted a lot here and people claim to respect their freedoms and stuff, you all talk the talk, but do you really walk the walk?Here is a list of Stallman approved distros, does ANYONE here use one of them?BLAG LinuxDragoraDynebolicGuix System DistributiongNewSenseMusixParabolaTrisquelUtuto XShttp://www.gnu.org/distros/free-distros.htmlHonestly I get the idea you all like to act like a freetard but in the end you go back to those properietary ass distros like Arch or Gentoo.
ParabolaI use.Trisquel I torrent the ISO for.
Those are recommended in that they're completely free, but many distros separate free and nonfree repositories and not using the nonfree part makes them just as free.The only reason they're not on that list is the decision to omit them because it confuses new users.
Wait, are you implying people lie? on the internet? for laughs?No way dude, people don't do that.
I use Trisquel. It's excellent.
you're saying the freetards here are merely an act kept up for years?
ha bullshit, stallman doesn't even like debian.
bla bla bla keep defending your properietary M$ shit
The only difference of these distros is that they don't allow you to install non-free software. Neither Arch nor Gentoo force you to use proprietary software, there's nothing preventing you from replacing your kernel with linux-libre and you don't have to install any proprietary packages. If you know what you're doing, there's no reason to use any of those distros, even if you care about free software. Especially since most of them are half assed forks of regular distros with outdated repositories.
actually he doesn't even like Gentoo simply because of the fact that they call themselves Gentoo and not Gentoo Linux
Well, 4chan does have a history of people pretending to have a strong opinion on something to deceive people
I have a low opinion of Gentoo GNU/Linux.Gentoo is a GNU/Linux distribution, but its developers don't recognize this; they call it "Gentoo Linux". That means they are treating me and the GNU Project disresepectfully.More importantly, Gentoo steers the user towards nonfree programs, which is why it is not one of our recognized free distros.https://stallman.org/to-4chan.html
I tried to use Trisquel, the fact I had an AMD card and couldn't use non-free drivers by default meant resolution was fucked to shit and couldn't get anything to display at 1920x1080.  No point installing a totally free distro just to install non-free drivers immediately.
They allow you to install non-free software if you so choose. I run Nvidia's proprietary driver on Trisquel because Nouveau is SO shit. Giving away my freedumbs is the lesser of two evils in that case.
Why is Ubuntu the only Linux that actually works.Try Arch meme, too annoying and involvedTry Gentoo meme, give up halfwayMint, Manjaro, and Debian were nice, but don't run as well as Ubuntu does. Why? Why is Ubuntu so much farther ahead than the other distros?
Why is Ubuntu the only Linux that actually works.Because it's the only distro that caters to people of your level of familiarity with technology.
/g/ - Bait threads
Ubuntu is a babby OSIf you are too retarded to figure out even Mint then fuck off
But anon-kun, that's not true.Most people who run Arch probably just Google for answers rather than knowing the actual solution. You honestly can't tell me that every Arch or Gentoo fag just doesn't suffer to try and fit in on /g/, right? L-Look guys, I installed Arch t-too. Pl-Please accept me ;~;Ubuntu just werks.
Arch is always Raw, never StableGentoo is for servers, not workstationsUbuntu is not "farther ahead" but actually made for stable workstations releases.Think of it as attempting to eat a bowl of soup, you first tried to eat it with a fork and then with a screwdriver. Obviously it didn't go very well until you came across spoon. That doesn't make fork and screwdriver any less useful tools, they're just not the choice for the task at hand.
Mint was ez.I just didn't think it ran as smoothly as Ubuntu did, anon.
MintHarder to figure outlel
Gentoo is not a meme.
Most people who run Arch probably just Google for answers rather than knowing the actual solution.true, though.so i won't bother converting myself to become an autist.
Ubuntu with Unity is best. Suck it, tryhards
Try Fedora or Trisquel.
ubuntuvlcUnityAre you the most hated on /g/?
I like Linux Mint more than Ubuntu... Cinammon is really, really pretty...
You forgot the maym arrow there
Ubuntu is the only distro non-neets use, at least in the workplace.
If only it's newest versions weren't always as buggy. Ubuntu LTS are the only good versions.
Meh. I switched to bomi, which really frustrates the mpv autismos
Try Gentoo meme, give up halfwayBecause you only have half a brain.
yeah, all people at google use ubuntu, some use mac but most use ubuntu
Fedora is fine too. Needs a bit of tweaking but nothing a normie wouldn't manage.
No, because I'm not autistic and don't care about building an OS from scratch.
I'm not autisticUbuntumild jej
most of /g/ have a lot of time because basically they're NEET and spend most of their time trying to accomplish something that not even worth a penny.
What is RHELWhat is CentOSUbuntu has way too many problems when it comes to security critical applications.
I've seen people run from RHEL to Unbuntu when they could.
Sorry, I have an actual job, so I agree with OP.Ubuntuxubuntu, because fuck unity on everything personal personal laptop + desktop workstationI develop on the free MBP I got from my comfy tech job, because software engineer life
Well yeah, when you have shit to do having something that just werks is better than having a piece of shit OS that's only used to rice with 2D waifus.
How does it matter where you learn your solutions caveman get it from manuals doesn't make them better than the ones who Google it
My point is, Archfags constantly boast about their expansive knowledge and think Ubuntu is for babbies, when most Arch users from my experiences don't know shit about anything.They just think they do because of the OS they use. Anyone can use a terminal, anyone can learn how to use a terminal. I guess what I'm saying is just because you used the terminal to rice your desktop to showoff your lolicon doesn't necessarily make you a genius.
Google does not make you a genius, anyone can google
tbf you aren't just born a genius who knows everything about how linux shit worksby using arch and having to ask google frequently to solve your problems you will learn more about your OSso you will get smarter in the long run
anyone can google?say that to most of tech illiterate people who shat their pants just because they can't even install a fucking arch meme
Ubuntu is based on Debian. It isn't even that magical, there are tons of distros that use the same EZ-installer. Mint, Kubuntu, Antergos, Elementary, and Fedora are all easy.Arch isn't a meme if you actually use it's features, like AUR and pacman. It's actually pretty great even if you're a relative noobfag like me.Just use the Arch Ultimate Install script form github, look up a tutorial on YouTube. Took me two days to learn.
Hey fucking retard What do you expect from arch users? They will Google their problems. That's normal. You can't call that knowing nothing. They are using Google to learn the system. Do you think there are people born with knowledge about Linux? You fucking retard Kill yourself Ubuntu babby. Just use Windows why the hell are you even using Linux you fucking tech illiterate bitch
They all work, its just that they work for different kinds of people.

This nigga's mad as fuck lmao
Ubuntu just werksthis, Ubuntu is the only distro that actually works also the DE variants are good Ex: Xubuntu is pretty good
2015naming a distro after niggers who never contributed a thing to the distro or any technology ever
not debian
I actually like arch, i use it on my netbook and the minimalism saves battery like you wouldn't believe, I get five hours on my acer aspire one zg5
Every distro does the exact same thing. The only thing that matters is who distributes it and the packages they include with it. Debian has the package I need in its vast repos, I use Debian. If some random other distro has an exciting new release, I use that for a while somewhere. Just find a distro you like, and let that be that.
Once I learned how the terminal worked in ubuntu at work for a summer, I switched all of my personal machines to arch. The only downside was the days when you had to compile pipelight to get netflix, but even that can be fixed with a VM and googlechrome now.googling for solutions is just the first step to actually getting to know your system. I used to be knowledgeable about how the linux kernel and operating system ecosystem worked, but I'm much better at it now.all arch users are anime-obsessed NEETS.pic related, it is my desktop.Ubuntu is for babies and workplace computers.
Sweet ricer desktop, fag.
who is responsible for  checking linux backdoors in the distros?
thanks dipshit
You
What de is that? I like it, it looks pretty.
Try OpenSUSE Tumbleweed.
Reminder.
what can I do with Arch that I can't just do on Xubuntu?fuck, I've looked up shit on the arch wiki to fix problems in Ubuntu sometimes
Y'all niggas are missing the point.I don't care what distro you use nor do I think Googling answer makes you some sort of unintelligent pleb.It's just, people call Ubuntu a babby distro, why? Because it's ez pz to use? So Googling answers for Arch is so convoluted and advanced, but using Ubuntu makes you retarded? It's the worse kind of contradiction.
Is Ubuntu the only distro that has built-in trackpoint drivers?
Apparently so. Anywhere else, just save this in your xorg.conf.d as trackpoint.conf Section "InputClass"    Identifier    "Trackpoint Wheel Emulation"    MatchProduct    "TPPS/2 IBM TrackPoint|DualPoint Stick|Synaptics Inc. Composite TouchPad / TrackPoint|ThinkPad USB Keyboard with TrackPoint|USB Trackpoint pointing device|Composite TouchPad / TrackPoint"    MatchDevicePath    "/dev/input/event*"    Option        "EmulateWheel"        "true"    Option        "EmulateWheelButton"    "2"    Option        "Emulate3Buttons"    "false"    Option        "XAxisMapping"        "6 7"    Option        "YAxisMapping"        "4 5"EndSection
That's not how you spell deviant for FAT ANIME SHIT
xorg tends to configure automatically for trackpads depending on your distroThe work out of the box on debian
It's the only distro that's even trying to compete with Windows/OSX.
Not trackpad.  Any distro has given me a trackpad, I want to be able to use my trackpoint  red dot and the middle scroll button.  This is why I use Ubuntu on my Thinkpad.  On a regular non-Thinkpad laptop I can use any distro and the trackpad works on boot.
Is there a ubuntu based distro that's stripped down a lot?I just want something that werks but has a small footprint.The server edition is pretty big.I don't need a GUI for my purposes.
Lubuntu for a complete OS.There's also Ubuntu minimal or something without GUI.
There's also Ubuntu minimal or something without GUI.That's a netinstall that grows over 500 MB when you install it.Lubuntu comes with the DE no?
Ubuntu is built upon debian so just use that
I suck at computers so I'm going to blame the computer
How many times before you get the gist must you autists be told that Debian is not Ubuntu?
I know debian is not ubuntu but ubuntu is based on debian
Ubuntu has newer hardware support OOTBIt horrible if you don't have a network link post-installation.
bull shit. Minimalism has nothing to do with the battery life. Windows on that netbook with all drivers installed will have a longer battery life than what you get right now
Debian is not Ubuntu. If when asked a question about Ubuntu, you should not mention Debian. If you do so, I will personally track your IP down to your address and crack your skull in.
I tried some distros on both my old laptop and desktop and ubuntu was the only one that ran fine without any problems, even xubuntu was giving me shit
were you raised in a rodeobecause you're the one that reeks of bullshit
Yeah but that's the shit you lose when you get an OS that's "stripped down a lot"They're not unlike each other
They're not unlike each otherYes they are you dunce.
No they aren't nerd
Seems like your problem is more with the installation than the distro itself.  If you can use ubuntu then you could perform day to day tasks on my gentoo+KDE machine no problem.  Gentoo does werk, its just a very involved installation.
Why is Ubuntu the only Linux that actually works.it's not?why do you feel the need to make shitty question into a thread?
You shouldn't choose distro based on DE. You can easily install Cinnamon on regular Ubuntu. Linux Mint sometimes slows down the update process for critical security updates, which is why you shouldn't use it if the only reason you have for using it is Cinnamon.
I've been using Arch for over a year.It is not hard at all to use and i've had a better experience on Arch than any other distro in terms of stability, bleeding edge, convenience and just werks.OSX gives me much more problems than any Linux distro has, fuck that bastardisation.
Do I have to begin the process of tracking down your IP and cracking your skull in? Because it's a lengthy process and you'll never know when I'm coming for you.
There's nothing more to a distro than how it's distributed, so why wouldn't you pick a distro based on the DE?
8 spaces.Kill yourself.
Linux is for NEET memespouting neckbeards that still live in their mother basement.Install Windows 10.
lewd
L E W D
what's wrong with anime? I mean not everyone who watches anime is a fat fuck like people on /g/ are
$ sudo apt-get dist-upgradeReading package lists... DoneReading package lists... DoneBuilding dependency tree       Reading state information... DoneCalculating upgrade... DoneThe following packages will be upgraded:  sudo1 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.Need to get 0 B/920 kB of archives.After this operation, 201 kB of additional disk space will be used.Do you want to continue? [Y/n] yReading changelogs... DoneReading database ... 194921 files and directories currently installed.Preparing to unpack .../sudo_1.8.12-1_amd64.deb ...Failed to stop sudo.service: Unit sudo.service not loaded.invoke-rc.d: initscript sudo, action "stop" failed.dpkg: warning: subprocess old pre-removal script returned error exit status 5dpkg: trying script from the new package instead ...Failed to stop sudo.service: Unit sudo.service not loaded.invoke-rc.d: initscript sudo, action "stop" failed.dpkg: error processing archive /var/cache/apt/archives/sudo_1.8.12-1_amd64.deb --unpack: subprocess new pre-removal script returned error exit status 5Errors were encountered while processing: /var/cache/apt/archives/sudo_1.8.12-1_amd64.debE: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code 1Any of you lot know what it's talking about? Is this why Debian Sid is called Unstable?
To me picking a distro is mainly based on it's repositories and package management. Vetting of packages prior to release etc.
What's your /etc/apt/sources.list
n i c e m e m e s
Been using different distros for about 10 years, used Win2000/95 before that, Ubuntu Lubuntu or Xubuntu, never mainline after 10.04 is just the best and least hassle distro out there, fuck trying to make things work if I can just install something that just works. Every time I've tried something other than *ubuntu I've regretted it. I'm a programmer btw.Some of us have lives/jobs/kids.
arch users don't need to google. the wiki explains in simple english every step and why and how you do it.
not using google as the search engine for the arch wikifaggot
wiki has a search box2015 not using search keywords
cat /etc/apt/sources.list# # deb cdrom:[Debian GNU/Linux 8 _Jessie_ - Official Snapshot amd64 LIVE/INSTALL Binary 20150426-18:39]/ sid contrib main non-freedeb http://ftp.us.debian.org/debian/ sid main non-free contrib
I hear that shit.  I've spent more time trying to get distros to work than actually using them for work.  People on /g/ are constantly "Ubuntu and Windurr, they just werk!", and honestly, it's fucking true.  No one here has ever been in need of a car and opted for the one that needs the most work to get up and running.  I had Codeblocks running in five minutes on my Windows machine.  Still won't work after a week on Lubuntu.  I'm removing this shit from my laptop tonight.
Im using Antergos which has been no harder to use than Mint or Ubuntu but Ive never used stock arch so Im not sure how different it is.
was in response to the first guy by the way
, 
Need /g/'s help on recommending me a new phone. I've narrowed it down to 3Motorola Droid TurboSamsung Galaxy Note 4HTC One M9Which of these out of the 3 should I get?
How the fuck would we know, Anon? I am not you.
Note 4/thread
Well, you could tell me which is technologically superior?
Doesn't really matter since it can be deduced that you're on Verizon.The bootloaders will be locked on all of them.Therefore you won't be able to change the software on any of them.
I don't really care about that.I know /g/'s all about "changin muh software,muh freedoms" But I honestly dont care about changing the software on it.I just want something good like it is with a good camera on it.
All of them. They all do the same thing. You will never use the overkill specs to their fullest, so why do you care? Anything from 2014 or older will work just fine.It depends on what your focus is. Mine is battery and manageable size, so out of 3, I would pick the Droid Turbo.
Note 4 has better camera than all the others and the S-pen is really fucking useful believe it I use it a lot. And it has multi windows which neither of the others have.
M9 is shit tier and has serious over heating issues.Both of the other phones are essentially from last year and new versions will be out in a few months. Wait it out and worst case scenario you get the phone you want for a lot less.
Size isnt an issue for me. Mostly performance and camera quality. Im not the kind of person on their phone 25/7
You will never use the overkill specs to their fullestThere are plenty of games and emulators that will make even a flagship smartphone sweat. The Note 4 especially since it has the Gear VR.
So,any of them besides the M9 then?
Also the note 4 can get hot af but I am not sure if that's just mine or all note 4s in general.
If I had to choose, I'd go for the note 4 since that beast is designed to last.That said even though I have an upgrade due, I'm just holding out to see what this years Late Q3/ Early Q4 phones are.As I said, worst case scenario, I'll be able to get something like an LG G4, or a Note 4 at huge discount by then.
All phones get hot, as that's how they dissipate heat, however the AMOLED display will never get as hot as the LCD3 in the HTC, also due to the plastic back it's better at dissipating heat which will mean it won't throttle as often as the HTC.
OP here.Sounds like its down to the Motorola or the Note 4 with the Note 4 in the lead. Is there anything the Motorola does better than the Note 4 or no?
/thread
The Note 4 is a very powerful phone with a lot of features that no other phone has. It's the obvious choice for someone looking for a high-end phablet.
They both do the exact same things. The Motorola will undoubtedly come with less bloatware installed, though that's not much of an issue since you can just root and install a clean rom on both.
M9 is a sidegrade to the M8 which is a great phone.  However if you want a good camera, get the Note.
Since the droid turbo is on the list goes that mean you are on verizon OP?  If you are on Verizon go with the droid turbo. If not on Verizon go for the note 4
Like I said before,i'm not really much into altering the software on my phones. So whether or not I root it has yet to be decided. Even with the bloatware,would the Note 4 still be the better choice?My carrier doesnt really matter in which is the better phone,but yeah,im on verizon.
/thread
Alright, looks like the Note 4 is it, thanks /g/
Verizon has a locked boot loader. You can't root even if you wanted to
nobody mention the nexus 6Thread = full of gays
Note 4 all the fucking way. It's not a smartphone, it's a true pocket computer. You might consider waiting for the Note 5 though, it's about 3-4 months until it comes out.

if you can afford an iPhone, get that. Otherwise, get Samsung S6.
Why the S4 and not the S5?
nexus 6 is thrash tho
Chances are that its not going to have a micro SD/removable battery. So fuck that
Why must I keep repeating this? Go for a Chinese smartphone, these are far more superior in terms of price/quality.I have a Jiayu S3 and it seriously borders towards a One Plus One's power. for 200$ less.
The note 4 has shit aesthetics
Note 4 mustard race./thread
Droid Turbo if you're locked to Verizon
, 
http://www.anandtech.com/show/9306/the-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-reviewIT'S HAPPENING!
HAPPENING
two of the same tabs
These kind of threads are always mirrored on /g/ and /v/, kinda explains what kind of subhuman we're dealing with.
annnndd... THEY SOLD OUT RIGHT NOW! http://maxwell.nvidia.com/gtx-980-ti
, 
Ok, so my friend and I are pitching in to buy a new gamin pc. We have two options to choose from, both very similar. Both are being advertised on facebook. The first post is: Selling this pc for 500euro procesor is an i5 760 overclocked to 3.6GHz graphics card is an palit gtx460 it has 8gb of ram which is more than enough for gaming it has 1tb or internal space it runs on windows 7 ultimate on high settings Battefield4 runs at 60fps Euro Truck Simulator 2 on ultra settings runs at 50fps Battelfield3 high settings runs at 60fps I do not know if what he is saying about the frame rate is accurate, but that's not the point. The second post: Brand new desktop gaming computer for sale. Custom made by me Great specyfication: QUAD CORES AMD FX PROCESSOR 4X4300 NVIDIA 730 GT 8 GB DDR 3 RAM DUAL CHANNEL DVD DRIVE RECORDER 1TB SEAGATE BARRACUDA HARD DRIVE CHIEFTEC A80 SERIES POWER SUPPLY WIRELESS INTERNET CONNECTION WINDOWS 7 ULTIMATE 64 BITS MICROSOFT OFFICE 2007 FULL PACK: WORD , EXCEL , POWERPOINT ECT COMPUTER IS NEW, NEVER USED, WORKS PERFECTLY AND SO FAST, ALL PARTS UNDER 1 YEAR WARRANTY GOOD PC FOR GAMES AND HARD WORK WITH ADOBE SOFT OR AUTOCAD. Price is 480 euro So that is both of them. I am not sure which to buy, the first one may drop it's price but I don't mind the price, just want a good pc. They provided pictures but I don't think it's needed for me to post them, I could be wrong...
Nice b8
Please kill yourself
Seriously, anyone who ever even lurked enough on 4chan should know you can build a better pc for 500eur...
I don't want to build one you dense fuck. I want one of these. So either answer or gtfo retard.
The first PC has better parts for gaming, but they are a bit older now and probably can't run those games at those settings at 1080p.Second PC is awful for gaming, don't buy it.You're probably better off building your own out of 2nd hand PC parts than buying a whole one.
If you're too stupid to build a pc, you really have no right to call anyone a retard.
seriously, get off my board. i know how to build one. Even if i didn't there are tutorials. But I don't want to fucking build one. Why are you here? Autistic cunt.
seriously, get off my board.Fuck, sorry m00t, didn't know you were so high on the autism spectrum.
The first one has potential. Upgrade the graphics card immediately and you have a reasonable gaming rig. I would also add an ssd for overall system responsiveness and reduced boot and loading times.The second one is barely adequate for grandma to browse knitting patterns.
literally using my own insult against me, just gonna ignore you now kid lol go back to /b/ you deprived cunt
And if you don't start cussing at any light provocation, people may take your threads more seriously.
kidHow old are you? 12? Did mommy let you play some video games? Why not just get a wiiu?
Thanks to those who are replying like normal people and actually helping. Ignoring all other replies as they are clearly from greasy overweight keyboard warriors. And if you stop taking my thread seriously because I curse a lot, please grow up...
So much anger in this thread.First one is a load of crap and I don't believe those framerates for even a picosecondSecond one is blatantly better but still not worth the price
I'm don't know a lot about gt series gpu's, but shouldn't the 460 be better?
460 is much better than a 730
I honestly don't understand why you don't just build one. But if you do get one of these, just remember you're basically getting ripped off. If you still insist on buying either, get the first one.
Big time. Anyone who says the second system is better needs their head examined.
Yeah my bad I read them as 460 and 760, in which case for gaming the first makes more sense. Sry,Anon-kun
your mum
Jesus OP leave
, 
Hello /g/ I'm a full time rv traveler and was wondering if it is possible to build a setup for picking up WiFi at long ranges from any open networks I can find. Then using a switch or something to hard wire my two PCs. I'm not worried about rebroadcasting the signal since nothing I us in here is wireless. I heard about using routers in bridge or client mode but it seems like u need the Mac address of the base unit. Basically is there a unit that works like an external WiFi card that I can attach a high gain antenna to and then using that WiFi create my own  wired network with in my rv
buy a 4g wireless hotspot.
http://www.amazon.com/Crane-Super-USB-Wifi-Antenna/dp/B004UR72IM/ref=pd_bxgy_pc_text_y/177-4091286-3670140
Get a ubiquiti NSM2. Turn off airmax, set up as wireless bridge.
http://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2015/05/31/nvidias-new-gtx-980-ti-delivers-titan-x-level-performance-for-350-less/AMD IS FINISHED & BANKRUPT
Fucking hell, if its really $650, im getting one as soon as possible. Thanks AMD for scaring Nvidia into making a good graphics card
time to ditch 970 I guess
just in time for my build
Shitty OpenCL and DP performance, keep your gayming trash
if the 390x is the blunder of the century, my next move won't be to head over to a $650 nvidia blunder. sorry kid that's not how it works
So it will be exactly 1000€ here.Just like the Titan X.
DPSomething literally no-one uses.
3D artists with non-realtime renderers, and even scientists doing simulations.
This card is not for them. This is a high tier gaming card.
if its really $650It won't be
I use it but then again my GPU is for professional work not baby games
This. It's amazing that people are falling for this shitty clickbait. How about you think back and try to remember the last time Nvidia weren't the greediest jews they could possibly be.
I tip my fedora to your professionality.
who else /stupid/ here? Ignore the timestamp, I didn't feel like taking a new pic
Hahaha, dumbass. I'm going to enjoy all the assblasted Titan X owners complaining about the fact that they took the bait.
/v/
K E KEK
Let's pay tribute to the most goat phone of all time And why is it the note 2 with cm11
Goddamn, you actually bring that out in public?
Why have you posted this again
Note 2 was gud, Note 3 was better, Note 4 is best.Until Note 5.
And to think that I didn't buy a f-91w because I was afraid i'd look like a manchild.
At least get a new photo of the fat piece of shit.
Who keeps a phone on a shitty fake gold wallet chain? What are you trying to prove?
Are you the piece of shit who posted in an EDC thread with chains on everything he owns, because he lives in NYC, and "NYC IS TUFF"?
lol op is getting destroyed
A U T I S MUTISM
It's stainless you tard. The lighting is all fucked up.
Gold wtf ?
Why though losing a phone is a h uge head ache
Hey /g/, what's the best smrat watch?
The one that you don't have to charge every single day!Oh, wait...
smrat
smrat
Yeah, and screw smart phones that require daily charging as well!
Smart watches are a gimmickp.s. I miss the old captcha
Pebble time and pebble time steel
Pic related.
Smart watches are a gimmickSmartphones are also a gimmick. Go to bed grandpa.
I would say the Apple Watch but it is idiotic to REQUIRE an iPhone. It should run independently. The only use I see for it is health and notifications.
Moto 360 at $150
It should run independentlyIt'd probably be very bad at this point in time.
uses emojis on /g/get out
carry your favorite meme wherever you go
I'm going to upgrade this piece of shit with a 900 series nvidia GPU.I have to get a new motherboard to do it. The CPU is socket LGA1155.Will this motherboard work with a 900 series nvidia GPU?http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16813157304Yes I'm aware that its ATX instead of microATX, I'm going to upgrade the case as well since I'd rather not have the gpu overheat from being right fucking next to the cpu.Also, am I going to get shit from windows for migrating to another motherboard, I don't know if this version is OEM or not. Any way to tell?
If it makes any difference I'm going to be reusing the HDD which is where windows is installed.
You might get some driver issues that would necessitate reinstalling Windows anyway.
I don't actually have a windows install CD nor a functioning optical drive. Am I gonna have to get both, or is there some way around that?
Here's a puzzle. I will be posting this puzzle on /b/, /x/, and /g/.Lets see who can figure it out first:The hivemind, the conspiracy theorists, or the techies. Good luck.
That's a QR code inversed.What do I get?
Opens image in vimAlready won. This sucks.
Not shit, because you didn't solve anything.Try harder.
watFor reference, there is a password to win. It will be two words followed by 3 digits.
Did you habeeb the corners?
I dunno, why don't you try and find out?HABEEB IT!
No worrie, man! DashMail zero Sabbath
Solved first partNo worries, man! DashMail zero Sabbath
hivemind
For proof
Good job.But there's still more.
solved
Bible reference?This stops being related to /g/
What if its Terry trying to test us?
No bible references. Still relatively /g/ related.Not solved. There's a second part.
last part of that sentence is 07
!deraeppa .ONGNISSIM dliW
i swear if it's hakuna matata i'll slap your shit
At least you remembered the Reverse it part, but you reversed the wrong thing. ;
If we win we get a pass to john.com?
Reverse it!looks like shit. use the real font or something you lazy lazy person
Come on guys. You're halfway done.
Jet fuel 911
But jet fuel can't melt missingno.
I searched "No worries, man! DashMail zero Sabbath" and got a bunch of accounts for yandex.ru What the fuck?
John.com is down.
Guess you need the password.
Fucking retard.The original text looks like that because it's upscaled.
/x/ just caught up to you guys.
Has /b/ told you to cum on it yet?
/b/'s thread 404'd
Props for the puzzle anyway. Is that all of it?
I'm not OP
gotta prove we're not dumber than /x/
That shouldn't be hard but judging the current state of /v/, err i mean /g/....
No worries, man! DashMail zero SabbathhtabbaS orez liaMhsaD !nam ,seirrow oNDid I reverse the right thing?
Yes, but maybe not the right way.
No worries, man! DashMail zero SabbathɥʇɐqqɐS oɹǝz ʃıɐWɥsɐ◖ �uɐɯ 'sǝıɹɹoʍ oN
I have no clue what I'm doing
dashmail.nl

OP said that it would be a password of two words followed by 3 digits. The two words are probably 'zero' and 'sabbath'. We just need to find out what the digits are.
zero is a number einstein
tip top kek
o yeah
DashMail = 2 wordszero = 0Sabbath = 7th day = 07DashMail007
ashburton pizza 307
Want a TRUE and HONEST puzzle?This was concocted by Chris-chan two years ago and no one has been able to crack it.
Your the retard. Look at the lowercase r.
kek, solved in the first post
damn nessie 3,50
So, what is the e-mail address?
Maybe it has something to do with No worries, man!
should we start to reverse things now or when we get access?
I don't know
Learn to read, fuckface. Saying its a QR doesn't solve it.There's also two stages.
http://anagram-solver.net/No%20worries,%20man!%20DashMail%20zero%20Sabbath?partial=true
how about reversing the colors of the QR code ?
 Osama bin Laden's brothers
he is a woman, she is a man
No worries, man! might be a clue for the two words in the password since the dashmail just tells us that it is at dashmail.nl
Another one, with "at DashMail" taken outhttp://anagram-solver.net/No%20worries,%20man!%20zero%20Sabbh?partial=true
Osama bin Laden's brothersIslam in West SaharaReported OP to the FBI for possible connections to terrorism.
Nazi Moon Base
Any more hints, OP?
Sorry, but this is /g/ as in /g/nu/Linux, and we do not endorse riddles as they are secretive and not free as in freedom. Please submit the answer to the riddle so that we can solve it, as it then because free as in mangos. Also Pokémon is not open source or free as in orange juice.
Domain name: dashmail.nlStatus: activeRegistrar:AXCFrancois Haversmidtwei 28914BC LeeuwardenNetherlandsDNSSEC: noDomain nameservers:sandra.neostrada.nlchristina.neostrada.nllisa.neostrada.nlRecord maintained by: NL Domain Registry
OP give us a hint c'mon
It's much simpler than you all are making it.Here's a hint:Hotel CaliforniaAnother One Bites the DustStrawberry Fields Forever
oh andBrown Sugar
Pretty sure /g/ is going to get this first./b/ thread failed. Most of them just want to fap anyway./x/ is just full of cucks.
Hotel CaliforniaThe Eagles song.Another One Bites the DustThe Queen song.Strawberry Fields ForeverThe Beatles song.Brown SugarThe Rolling Stones song.
Are we going with the right way with the email?Hotel Californianice
no emailsthe brown sugar guy isnt meWhat do the songs share?
They're all dadrock?
Escape reality
nostalgia, The
They have all employed are have been accused of employing backmasking.
/x/'s thread just 404'd
dubs confirm
They all talk about places?
We win by default. Thread's over everyone go home.
I'm curious with this but i'm shit with enigmas
the song
bump
Brown Sugar 901
bump cuz I want to know the truth.
901 are the digits
oN ,seirrow !nam liaMhsaD orez htabbaS
If you say "No worries man, Dsahmail zero Sabbath" in an audio recorder and play it backwards you get: "The password is jibberish 901" The jibberish might be brown sugar?
this one has something to do with black sabbath then ?
Congrats, Anon. You got it. The gibberish part is my bad. I made an updated version with more legible words.The gibberish was meant to sound like lampshade, but it didn't come out quite right.I mean to post the updated one with different text.
what do I get?send it to bryane@openmailbox.org
So anon, what did you got?
@openmailbox.orgEnjoy your botnet.
wait is this for real?
We should do this more times, it was fun
You'll get something for your trouble.I've yet to decide.Yes, its for real.Expect more. This was simply a small test. Expect something much larger. Like almost Cicada3301 scale.
This bryane person is not the real person. I was anon 48259419. I've never used 4 chan before. Here is a picture for proof. MY email is riverward2016@gmail.com
Who ever made this puzzle should post an email in the forrum so i can send you proof of me being anon. 48259419
Like almost Cicada3301 scale.doubt itbut would be cool
So I need a computer with touch capabilities for my engineering major. Anyone have opinions on the Thinkpad Yoga 12? It's recommended by the school. Otherwise, any other suggestions?
why the fuck does it need touch for engineering?
Drawing shit. Idk.
if you need it for drawing shit, get one that at least has a wacom style pen. the yoga 12 isn't a bad option, but you'd probably be better off with an X series... What's your budget? are you averse to getting a used one from ebay?
"Active" styli I think that term is interchangeable with wacom style is actually a requirement, so I think the Yoga 12 is wacom style. My budget is ~1500. I should add that I'll be doing no gaming, and yes, I am kind of averse to getting a used one.
Then I'd go with the Yoga 15. It's last years model  but it's got 3.6 inches on the Yoga 12, and it's just generally better
Get the Yoga S2 instead. It's got a pen
Bump for interest
durablehas a pengood battery lifeIt's pretty good.
That or the X250
computer with touch capabilitiesengineeringlol no
Do I have to link you my computer requirements? Wacom style touch capabilities required.
go to a real engineering school
Virginia Tech is in the top 15 undergrad engineering. And I'm paying 12k a year for it.
not him but depending on the engineering course there could be lots of dealing with 3d models which using something with touch capabilities makes waaaay easier and more fluid.  It wasn't even required, but I know a lot of engineers who use wacom tablets just because of how much easier to work with they are.Quit being so bitter, you probably havent taken an engineering course or even been in a college/university classroom
Actually this is becoming more of a thing, most engineering majors use touch screen for drawing or using interactive 3d applications. You use Mac I'm guessing?
You've never done much with engineering, have you?
Lol, there is NO reason to have touch for any sort of engineering.
Maybe not, but using CAD with touch is fucking amazing.
there's a pretty big difference between a usefull wacom tablet and a gimicky touchscreen
Then don't buy a gimmicky touch screen. Get a good one, like OP asked... Problem solved.
all touch screens are a gimick
not really man, have you ever actually used newer touchscreens?  They basically are wacom tablets.  If you're thinking about touchscreen tech from even 5 years ago, your concept of it is horribly redundant and out of date.
Opinions.
Macfag whining about touch screens.
admitidly I haven't used on in quite a while.  I see the potentiol of them but didn't think they'd come that far yet
Yes actually. I still call bullshit. Graduated last spring.
implying the education system is staticthere's a reason the more technical fields require ongoing education bruh
graduatedEveryone lookout! This man has a diploma!
http://www.eng.vt.edu/it/requirement
Fuck touchscreen on your laptop the screen wobbles.Use a wacom.
Didn't even read the first 5 posts, wow.Another option is I can buy a decent computer with a wacom tablet. Would that be preferable?
Yes, laptops use touchpad
Digital Audio WorkstationThis doesnt belong in mu, we are not talking about music, we are talking about the technology used to create that music, previous DAWG threads have had talks about hardware, computers, and software, so FCK OFF1. What DAW do you use?2. How long have you been using it?3. Have you used any others?4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?6. What genre are you best at?7. What genre is your favorite to do?8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?9. Got a link to your work?10. What is your name for most work?
synths are too expensive
They're really not.
this guy was trolling so hard in the other thread I wanted to rage at his ass but then it got archived
I'm an aspiring artist but I've tried using fruity loops and it was just too many choices and didn't know where to start, would it be easier with a keyboard or should just stick to getting an instrument I want to learn how to play the sitar
They're thousands of dollars and there is no decent entry level market
1. What DAW do you use?Ableton Live 92. How long have you been using it?Four-Five years3. Have you used any others?FL, Cubase, Reason, Studio One, and Pro Tools for like a day hated it4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?I primarily use Operator, but Firebird is a really nice tool for cheesy-or-otherwise synth sounds5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?Operator+Instrument Racks6. What genre are you best at?Alternative Rock, heavily EDM influenced7. What genre is your favorite to do?The above, I love sidechaining guitars8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?You're using too much reverb9. Got a link to your work?https://socialransom.bandcamp.com/is my 'professional' accounthttps://www.soundcloud.com/their-weight-in-bees/is my dick around account with a mix of everything10. What is your name for most work?Social Ransom, my 'band'
He wasnt trolling though. I use reaktor as like 75% of what i do. it makes my basses, my mids, and my leads.its even my FX processor for asstacular filters and stutters.seriously reaktor 5 and a solid daw is all you need, i can teach you?t. FL + Reaktor
nee dsome advice guys,  im currently just Djing using a Xone Dx 4 channel midi controller-mixer.I want to use some Ableton FX ON THE SAME COMPUTER, ive managed to get the audio out from Traktor pro to Ableton 9, i get every channel separately as i want it, problem is i needed to switch Traktor to external mix which renders my midi controller's volume faders unusable, question is.Whats would be the cheapest eaqsiest way of sending the audio from Traktor so i can use Ableton VSTs and then sending the master audio out, keep in mind i need each channel separately so i can send individual tracks to the FX banks in Ableton and not send the whole master.some music to help reading  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KIsW4keYL0
stop using traktor and use ableton exclusively.are you that retarded?
file management in Ableton is absolute and pure ass.Have you ever use it? do you have a 5 thousand tracks collection?
No, i use CDJs to perform, because I'm not a complete ass-hat.and yeah, one of my 10+ cd cases has that many tracks alone.
CDJsAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.... enjoy your Pringo cd's brahhh, must be really productive to seacrh for one particular track you don't remember its name on those cd cases... 1999 called, it wants you back
uhhh... 4 cds to a set, usually 40 songs, pkey information is in the filenames, and each set is a theme. i literally can pick any track out of the 3 other cd's thats a proper key match and be set.you really this new dude? track organization is easy with CDs. How on earth would you find that particular on your computer with no name either?you literal retard.
1. What DAW do you use?Reaper2. How long have you been using it?6 or so years3. Have you used any others?Ableton Live, Cubase, Pro Tools but never really used it. Used Logic in college and liked it, but Mac only.4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?Absynth 55. What VTSi got you to where you are today?Guitar Rig and GTR6. What genre are you best at?I'd like to say prog metal, but probably ambient.7. What genre is your favorite to do?Prog metal8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?Back up your projects, ideally use a sperate hard drive for your music work.9. Got a link to your work?Search for Dizcreet Malez10. What is your name for most work?Dizcreet Malez
Very nice stuff, have you considered using FM8 aswell? its got that same pad depth capability as absynth, but its got a grit to it aswell.Vocal snips are clever as fuck. Not digging alot of the power chords on the guitar tho.
Thanks man. What did you listen to?
How on earth would you find that particular on your computer with no name either?i guess youve never used Traktor or any other Dj software then.  You can add comments which i use to put custom tags like classic acidhouse, classic techno, groovy techno, vox, accapella, and so on. even if i dont remember the full name of the track, if i write one word or tag into the search box the list shrinks from 5 thousand to less than a hundred.4 cds to a setwhat if you wanna play something else you didn't bring with you? some record that you truly feel its right to play? it happens to me everytime, and theres nothing like having your full collection which you can search in seconds.Im more of an improv, im not one of those " i need to rehearse my gig, im gonna make a playlist pérfectly planned and with instructions as to when to kill the bass, then i bring a 2 beats loop, and then i count to 8 and drop the bass, then i wave my hand"No, fuck that, i only pick the first 4 or 5 tracks and after that is uncharted territory.
Elevator, vc3, and i skipped around hyper sleep.definitely a journey, you nailed that. I also like how rooted into industry you are, do you post in desktop general at all? i have an idea of who you are if you do.
DAW generalCan't you make it a music tech general so hardwarefags don't feel left out?
Right, i play my intro, and my outro, only 6 songs planned. everything in between is picked from the pool of remaining tracks. The reason i dont "explore" is because it detracts from the experience of audience to have me play something out side of that set. i have 40 tracks, 20-24 are going to be played, and there's no reason to try any other tracks, they're not in the set for a reason.Please, you are more than welcome, you must, in some way, use a DAW though? Whether its a sequencer pedal or your Triton, its a DAW.
i use cdjs, hurr my dick is so bigautist.1. What DAW do you use?Fl 12/642. How long have you been using it?8 years, solid3. Have you used any others?Logic peak, metasynth, Reason, Ableton, Protools, Cubase back when it was cakewalk, Audacity, Sony Acid4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?Kontakt everyone knows that though5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?Reaktor6. What genre are you best at?Psychedelic mediums are my forte.7. What genre is your favorite to do?House and Techno, its so fun to make circles in loops.8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?Learn Music Theory, Learn your synths.9. Got a link to your work?sc/f-clef10. What is your name for most work?I can't say, but you guys can have my side soundcloud.Feel free to ask me any questions about fl studio, starting from version 7, i can help you, i want to help you.
Ha not at all, actually. But thanks for listening to some of the stuff. Most proud of Disembark and Titan I think, so give those a go. Pop on some nice headphones.Looking back on the album though there are some cheesy parts that I wish we could re do, but on the whole I am pleased with it.
My allen and heaths are at a friends right now, so im stuck with my KRK + sub set up. Not great for ambient since its not much for a pan space, as the speakers are 2 feet apart heh
1. What DAW do you use?Ableton Live 8, Cubase VST/32 v 5.12. How long have you been using it?Ableton Live since v 3, Cubase since it came out for Atari3. Have you used any others?I use Pro Tools 10 for video projects4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?NI Pro 53, U-He Diva, All the Rob Papen synths, VirSyn Cube, Waldorf PPG Wave, M-Tron, Chromina String Machine, Spectralhead Silverbox5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?Probably PPG Wave, it's the one that's remained constantly there during installs over the years6. What genre are you best at?Most productive? Probably some kind of Detroit-y tech-y thing7. What genre is your favorite to do?Same as above8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?Bass sounds will be the elements that sound most different on different systems, learn how to spot when you're doing something that might not work on loud rigs9. Got a link to your work?https://soundcloud.com/peebee40/sets/sircam-tracksI don't update my links often enough though so these are quite old now - I don't even consider these tracks finished10. What is your name for most work?Sircam - been using that since the email worm was around
1. What DAW do you use?Ableton2. How long have you been using it?about 10 years3. Have you used any others?wanted to try Logic ... but fuck apple and it wasn't worth it to do a workaround for me4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?Randomizer just because5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?what ? ... none6. What genre are you best at?I guess all electronic stuff but I'm just saying that because that's what I do for me personally - I produced everything there is so far and nobody ever complained7. What genre is your favorite to do?everything electronic related8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?just try out new stuff - it's funnier to be the producer, the DJ, the acoustics guy, the speaker dude, festival guy, hardware-man..... than just to be the producer trust me and you'll benefit from it anyways......9. Got a link to your work?my stuff isn't accessible thru the interwebs - that's a rule for everybody I work with10. What is your name for most work?I better don't post that here
1. What DAW do you use?Fl Studio 112. How long have you been using it?Couple years3. Have you used any others?Yeah, some ableton and some audiotool.4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?Harmless5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?Sytrus6. What genre are you best at?I have no clue7. What genre is your favorite to do?Electronic Punk/Grunge8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?Don't release anything until you know it's good9. Got a link to your work?https://soundcloud.com/punkwithagun10. What is your name for most work?Punk With A Gun
Don't release anything until you know it's goodhehe it's a curse isn't it ?
It truly is
Oh hey it's that FL shill thread again
why does the most popular DAW in the world need to be shilled? oh right.
I have no idea, why do you do it?
show me any where i've shilled for FL, i use it, yes, but i dont advertise or endorse any DAWs.if you had half a brain you would realize this is a Native Instruments shill thread.komplete 12 pls
i can teach you?The first argument was that any "decent" DAW will do the job equally well and specifically that Cubase was just as appropriate as a tracker like Renoise or Buzz for making chiptune. I think this reflects ignorance of both the nature of chiptune and the workflow of trackers. And after re-reading I realize this also often applies to breakbeat-derived genres. First, the nature of chiptune means that a lot of emphasis is placed on the real-time aspect of synthesis and processing. You're not freezing parts of the sound, nor are you playing with large blocks of sound at any time in the creation process, yet the music is typically very thick with swathes of arpeggiated notes and effect automation as well as instrument parameter automation. This means that you need an efficient way of displaying and manipulating this high number of parameters being automated at the same time, bundled with the notes. An inappropriate DAW is one that encourages stacks of automation curves or worse, automation curves superimposed on top of each other, which is fun until you want to kill yourself which are distinct from the notes, displayed the space-inefficient pianoroll view.cont.
cont.The tracker interface presents all this data in a unified grid display, where each column is a parameter or a voice for notes, and each row is a moment in time. As the song grows and become ridiculously complex, this type of view becomes more and more efficient. Granted, it looks Microsoft Excel: The Game, but it's true you end up managing your whole track like a boss, especially when you can pick and choose the columns from any module/plugin and throw them beside each other like in Buzz. The state of mind where notes are just another type of parameter is also vastly rewarding, for example when working with auto-arpeggiating synths where the melody is determined by notes AND by parameters controlling the arp direction, speed, etc.. In the next blog post we'll rant about the "modular" part of "modular tracker", and about why Reaktor only gives you a taste of modular bliss.
if thats your first instrument you might be getting in over your head with sitar. keyboard for midi, instruments are mic'd its totally different you should play to your strengths
bass fag hereI want a nice little home studio where I can record shit for prototyping/presenting ideas to bandmates will go to a real studio if the need arisesI don't want to deal with no apple or ms dog shit so can I just grab a focusrite 2i2 and make that work with Fedora? also, is Ardour the best linux daw?thanks y'all
When I was in a band I used a portable multitrack recorder for that - it meant that I could take it to rehearsals easily and I didn't have to show anyone how to find their way around basic things like track faders and solo functions.
I was thinking of exporting to flac and putting that shit on my phone
hey m8, look into using Audacity, and ANY stand alone VST player for linux, route your VST player's sound into audacity, and have fun : as for the focusrite, thats something you gotta google bud.So how is Reaktor and any DAW not appropriate for making chiptune?I'm sorry dude you sound autistic as fuck. The DAW is my desk, any tools i put in it use. I personally can use ANY daw so long as i have my library of VSTs. IIRC cubase has perfectly fine automation control. Whats your point?
hi, pls help me. I have a pc which I have been using for about a few weeks. It was short on ram so I bought a 4g one to expandit. When I mounted the ram and turned it on the motherboardasrock gave the error code e8. The rams are both Kingston hyperx2g and a 4g, I tried all posibile combinations with the rams but the error code was the same, e8. I checked the rams if it was mounted proparly but that wasn't the problem. Lastly I mounted the original ram in it's original slot but it gave me the same error. Pls help me I'm desperate. Pic related this is my pc
Unless it has a protection and it'd state it on the card or box if it did . Can't use two sized different memory sticks.
What do you mean?
Title says it all. Was with some friends in an old abandoned building a year ago and I found this part in a bag on the floor. Looked pretty neat and the condition was mint, so here it is. I'm wondering more about it. It's old, so there's probably no desire for it. But...what exactly is it? Any ideas?
Picture of the backside
See how it says 5.25 drive controller?
It's a 5.25'' floppy disk controller for an Apple II, probably a IIe, made in 1989.It's old, so there's probably no desire for it.There's plenty, maybe not as desirable as something like a SCSI controller or other rare card but still something that would be useful to a collector as a replacement part or maybe a second controller to add more drives
Literally 2 seconds of googling OP. Step it up.http://www.classiccmp.org/cini/pdf/Apple/Apple%20525%20Drive.pdf
looks like the part of an Apple//. in fact, i'm sure it's that ISA-ish format for that 8bit crap. still keep the motherboard and other cards for this machine, dunno why... i can't trash it.
pic related is what it attached toIf you don't have a particular use for it or otherwise don't want to keep it, it's an easy $10-$20 on eBay yeah I'm pretty sure it's an add-on card for a platnium IIe or something
my dad's friend wanted to pay me $200 for a scsi controller back in 2005.imagine if i had kept it.
For a II? man he must have been desperatewould probably pay $50 for a SCSI controller on my IIgs if I actually used it though
My bad, I don't go on /g/ nor am I knowledgeable about anything to do with computer hardware. Should have stated that before. Thanks for all the responses though!
it literally says it on the pcb what it isare you okay OP? do you have brain damage?
to be fair, this is sadly probably one of the only threads on /g/ that is actually about technology and sometimes discussing things is more interesting than reading a sheet of numbers about it
no, it was pci, it had scsi and serial on it.he was very desperate, like lost files of his mother singing desperate.
, 
What tech certifications do you currently have and which ones do you plan to go for in the future.  Just starting out and finished CompTIA A+ and am giving myself some time to study for Network+. Also, anyone know a good source for VCE files? Pic unrelated.
what do we do now? http://www.dailydot.com/technology/hola-vpn-security/?tw=dd
Never used it but have been watching that unfold. I use private internet access.  It's cheap and thus far has been fine for me.
Get a proper vpn ? Seriously nothing is for free i don't get why people are surprised by this.I just use my vps as a vpn when i need one.
I never used it in the first place so I do nothing. You should probably uninstall that though if you happen to use it.
A company run by kikes fucks over its users? What a surprise!
As the researchers note, it’s the same problem people have on the Tor browser—but on Tor, you can opt out. Uh, no, dickholes, it's opt IN. You would have to explicitly set up your connection as a Tor node in Vidalia which you can't even access in Tor browser itself any more, then also explicitly mark it as a fucking exit node. And even if it was somehow feasible that a retarded user could possibly accidentally enable both the internal AND exit node options, nobody in a western nation has ever been so much as formally charged for running a Tor exit node same cannot be said for botnets. The two cases are so fundamentally different it blows my mind that anyone could think they're the same thing.
Buy a vps and create your own for really cheap its not that fucking hard, or buy a vpn.Using digital ocean for my vps and torguard for my vpn, can recommend both
I guess it's nice to have a free service to help people be anonymous/get past bullshit firewallsbut for general use any old paid vpn that uses openvpn just werksand they're under $5/mo, which is shit you could literally find on the ground
gave me a good chuckle xddd
now? don't tell me you were using this shit before? it's always said in the faq that you'd be a node in the network. only a complete retard would use this shit.
buy a fucking VPN you cheap nigger
buy a VPNWhat are the best VPN services? For a good price?
Torguard or private internet access its worth it if you are torrenting a lot
Israelis always have great ideas. They have make the biggest fucking botnet ever for free, and it's legal and it's lucrative. It's amazing.
botnet extension for a botnet browserkek
Install Hola in a VMRun WiresharkSave and share packet captures publiclyNo privacy for the botnet
The kikes behind it must be gutted that this blew up so fast. Extension pulled from the Chrome store, hundreds of sites publishing articles telling people to stop using it... think of all the shekels down the drain. It's another Shoah.
What mail app does /g/ use?I've been using CloudMagic on my Android for quite a while now but i can't figure out how to add my cock.li email to it I add the IMAP but it just stays loading the inbox all day long.What should i use and what is the best one taking in account the fact that i have to manage multiple email accs at once?
K-9 mail.
Hey /g/, recommend me a 13" laptop that's good for a computer engineering major. I already have a high end desktop, so this needs to be able to take notes and run AutoCAD/Matlabs for the occasional on-the-go assignment.
Also, I'd like to mention that I bought an ASUS Zenbook UX303La Signature Edition. I still have 30 days to return it and possibly get something else, so throw me those recommendations or advise me to stick with this pretty good ultrabook.
Asus x205
The new 12" Macbook
Both of these are a no-go. The x205 has WAY too little power/storage and I don't want to live in adapter city with the macbook
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA42J2WD0722&cm_re=dell_xps_13-_-9SIA42J2WD0722-_-Product
Enjoy your no battery life then
I was thinking of getting a Dell XPS but the deal breaker for me is the camera. I skype a LOT and having that camera in the bottom left really kills the appeal.
MacBook Pro 13" is god-tier. Notheing else is even close.
What are you talking about? Many ultrabooks/laptops have pretty good battery life. I don't need 10+ hours albeit very nice to have, but just something decent, around 5-6 hours.
That's exactly what I had before, but it got destroyed unfortunately, although not by me. I was considering getting another but compatibility issues for engineering seems like something I don't want to deal with.
Can anyone recommend a laptop that plays games extremely well? Size doesn't really matter to me. I don't have a high end desktop so I need this to do the job in college.
compatibility issues for engineeringwhat?
How about the 15"?
MSI Titan
From what I've read online, Macs aren't exactly the best for engineering classes. AutoCAD layout is completely different this is from experience and I'll run in to a couple programs not compatible with OS X. I know bootcamp is a thing, but it isn't exactly the best alternative.
Buy alienware or msi, if you want cheaper look at sagerrebranded clevo or buy directly from clevo or clevo retailers
Although the screen isn't the best, I hear the Lenovo Y50 is a beast for the price. Consider looking into that.
mfw these threads at least 10-20 times dailyjust get an ips x220 off amazon/ebay and slap a ssd in it
Wow this is ugly
Its beautiful
You probably don't need too much power in the laptop. I'm CE and do almost all my work at my desktop, and if I'm out and need to run something process-intensive I use rdp on the desktop.
Same question.
Let me ask a different question. For those of you that are in/have gone through Engineering/CompSci, were Macs common and did those people have compatibility issues?
Price is no object. It's my graduation present.
In what would you have issues with?
computer engineerautocadfor what purpose? What sort of drafting does a computer engineer need to do?
As in programs required for class. I know the engineering field tends to be more Windows oriented, although I've also heard a lot of companies are starting to support OS X. I do have my desktop for all my windows needs.
Does computer engineering not use AutoCAD? In highschool, we got certified in AutoCAD and were told we'd need it for every branch of engineering. Then again, my teacher could just be full of shit. Either way, would a Mac get me through computer engineering fine?
I'm taking Information Systems and Computer Engineering and I don't recall a class where you would really need a Windows machine, maybe for some UML stuff but nothing too important.
Msi GT80 2QE Titan SLI   is what you want, it costs maybe 5k usd but will deliver the best laptop can deliver.
newegg says $3699http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16834152706&cm_re=msi_gt_titan-_-34-152-706-_-Product
I just graduated with a degree in environmental engineering and now I work as a water/wastewater design engineer at a large consulting firm. AutoCAD is really important for my work and for all civil engineers really. My friends who were computer engineers never used autocad nor even took a class on it. AutoCAD is mainly used for 2D designing and drafting things. I don't think you'd use autocad to design hardware but I dont know what your program entails
I see. What laptop do you currently have. Personally, I really like OS X and the overall design of the MBP, but I was scared about compatibility issues. Would you say I should be fine considering I also have a desktop PC?
You're right. AutoCAD on my MBP is a complete clusterfuck. If the program name wasn't the same I'd think it was a totally different program. I wouldn't get a macbook. Civ E here
That's what I was thinking. The only thing though is that I'm being told by others that Comp Eng doesn't really use AutoCAD. That and the fact that most of my work will be on my desktop regardless, so I think it should be ok.
A rMBP 13". We don't use AutoCAD or Matlab.
Asus gaming
The only 13" notebooks I'd consider right now are the rMBP 13", Dell XPS 13, and maaaybe the MBA 13" if you're willing to sacrifice some power and screen quality for better portability and battery life. The rest of the PC world is just a shitshow.
Don't get a macbook for anything you need CAD for. I bought an ASUS x550 for $649 2 years ago after my old A52N died and it gets 60fps in AutoCAD, SolidWorks, and MeshLab easy peasy. rMBPs don't have discrete graphics to my knowledge, which majorly handicaps them from a hardware perspective, not to mention the pain in the as you'll have trying to achieve compatibility. Any Win laptop with discrete graphics will smoke an rMBP in pretty much every 3D application.
I'm a ME major, there's definitely a few classes that require windows to run. It's obviously possible to dualboot windows onto a macbook to get around compatibility issues but I would strongly argue in favor of having some sort of access to windows on your laptop. Having it just on your desktop isn't enough for me; it's very helpful for group projects and/or lab classes where you need it on the go.I have a Sony Vaio Pro 13 personally and I'm still really happy with it. Don't know if you can even buy it anymore since the Vaio brand left sony, but even though it's almost 2 years old it still basically has brand new hardware inside Haswell i7, PCI-e ssd, 1080p touchscreen and is ultraportable. Since you already have a desktop definitely get something as light as possible so that you can just leave it in your backpack and forget about it when you dont need it. If I had to go get a new laptop right now I'd probably get a Surface 3 or an XPS 13, personally. rMBP 13 is appealing too but it's a bit too heavy and expensive for my use case.
lol'd
If you can afford a MacBook, you should consider a Surface Pro 3 with the Type Cover without one you can't really use it like a laptopIt has one of the best displays ever:http://www.displaymate.com/Surface_Pro_ShootOut_1.htmand the kickstand plus the open typecover is surprisingly just as stable of as a platform on your lap as a traditional folding laptop is.
I was a chemistry major but most my classes had quite a lot of chemical engineers and material engineers. The lab software we used was a nightmare for mac users. To the point that the instructors said the only good option was for them to write their 30 page reports in the school computer labs.
Probably didn't know how to use the software themselves, our university recommends latex for chemeng/compsci.
I'm looking for a new laptop aswell guys.I would buy the toshiba chromebook 2, but it's just a bit too slow.Does something similar with that little bit more oomph exist?
rMBPs don't have discrete graphics to my knowledgeTop-end 15" models do come with discrete graphics mine has a Radeon M370X, but the rest do not.Surfaces are gonna choke on anything more graphics intensive than Pong.
I can play TF2 on my i5 surface pro 3 at 50-60 fps constantly with settings lowered, and it can handle any UE3 game like Arkham City similarly well. It's pretty bad compared to a gaming machine, but still very capable, especially for something that's a tablet. The i5 version uses Intel integrated 4400 graphics i7 = 4600, while the macbook air uses intel 5000 integrated graphics, which is a little better but still nowhere near as good as dedicated graphics
DELL XPS 13ELLXPS13/THREAD
Nothing wrong with the Zenbook line but the Dell XPS 13 seems to be better
but the battery has an average life of 300 cycles
, 
Didn't notice a M threadI know there are Nexus 6 shitters on here, have any of you flashed the developer preview? Is it stable enough to run most of the important apps like calendar, whatsapp and gmail?
Google adds native support for /data to sd, finally after 7 fucking years.
Tried it on my Nexus 5 a little while ago. Got the "____ app has closed," error or whatever it is. It did that for every app I had.
goddamnDid it stop doing that or did you flash back somehow? I saw a couple of folks mention needing to wipe data but I would prefer not to do shit like that.
bump
I probably should have done a full wipe but I didn't want to download everything I had all over again. I'll probably try it again properly in a couple of days. I'm sure the app error was purely my fault.
why midori always make a crash
Why Russian poor English.
only bad about midori imo is the non existant bookmark bar, and that importing bookmarks fucks up the order I had
Because browsers are shit by definition.That means, even if there would paradoxically be a technically good browser they would turn it to shit on purpose.
not using Lynxthat's a high lel
I want dis. Anyone have any experience with it?
I honestly wouldn't bother, get a cheap tablet and a Bluetooth controller for it, there will be cheaper, better emulators and you can use it for other things as well.
For $200 the Shield Portable gives you-Better hardware-Better battery-Better screen-Better controls-More emulatorsAbout the only thing you're missing out on is the ability to run desktop linux easily, but given the bootloader is easily unlockable on the shield and all the code is open source, you can technically do that too.
It costs $1000 on ebay, kek
even if you wanted to get it over something like the Shield because of the keyboard/Linux, there's going to be a successor called the Dragonbox Pyra which won't be released anytime soon but is worth waiting for anyway because the Pandora is outdated as shit and fucking expensive on top of that.
If i were the company behind the pyra i would buy all of my units for myself and then sell them for $1000 each since the supply is extremely low and there is a good enough demand for them.
I got one for 100€, pretty cool for what it's worth.
iControlPad 2KickscammedFuck everything about this family of products.
 100$You must be tripping balls nigguh. It costs about $1000 no matter where its found.
German ebay, it was a total of 112€ free shipping and the thing also included a 32gb SD and a Nintendo DS bag so it was probably even cheaper than that. For that price it's pretty cool, given you actually run a desktop linux OS on it.
Kickstarted wasn't even close to being a thought when this was being developed and funded.
Is there any modern equivalent of this? I really missed the boat on UMPCs and subnotebooks.
Holy shit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DragonBox_Pyra
Wait I heard you could only acquire these from the makers, who's selling it on Amazon?
TouchscreenOf course with that kind of pixel density, you need a touch screen with a precision that matches the resolution.Unlike most smartphones, the Pyra has a resistive touch screen, which offers great accuracy and can be used with both fingers and a standard stylus.It can also do a fake multi-touch so you can use it for gestures like pinch-to-zoom or rotate.
resistive offering any accuracy at allmultitouch restistive
I certainly like the idea of handheld laptops.
That hardware is disgustingB-but muh open source....
Looks pretty good
Your not going to use the touch screen all that much. Mostly you will use the mouse emulation on the nubs. The left nub moves the mouse. The right nub triggers a left/right/double click depending on the direction you move it.There is no equivalent with this combination of mini-laptop and gamepad controls, openness of the system and wide range of ports witch fits into your pocket. There is a pretty good blog describing the development and hardware choises.http://boards.openpandora.org/forum/63-official-pyra-news/I doubt you would find any manufacturers that would build better hardware in such a low number.The CPU will be upgradeable and the RAM is still not final.
Nigger are you seriously defending a resistive touchscreen?
Why would you put a pricey touch screen into a device that is 90% of the time NOT controlled through the touch screen? This is not a tablet, you might just quickly click an ok-button if the tab-focus is fucked up, but you won't navigate the whole os through it when you have a full keyboard and gamepad controls.
I don't care if it's not going to be used. It feels like they're trying to shoe-horn in a touch screen just for the sake of it. Why risk having people develop hundreds of Angry Birds style app games instead of real games? I know the original had a touch screen with a stylus, but that was in 2006, when they still seemed cool. Today it's just bloat and screams bad UI design.
No keyboard
On-screen works fineAlso you don't need a keyboard for playing games and movies which is what you'll use it for 90% of the time.
Wait for the pyra to come out for better specs, the pandora is kind of outdated.
Get a PSP 1000 Best emulator I've ever used. Easy to install custom firmware, they only cost about $60, and they play everything up to PS1 games flawlessly. Not to mention it also plays PSP games, which has some gems. Because it's a major platform, there are a ton of replacement parts and accessories. You can even get a memory stick to microSD converter for under three dollars, no shipping.
Or a PSP 2000. Better screen, better battery life, lighter, and still just as hackable unless you're unlucky and buy the wrong one.
they play everything up to PS1 games flawlesslyStop spreading this. I love my PSP but it sucks dick at emulation. The only reason why it got its rep was because it was basically the only portable device on the market that was strong enough.
Was interested in it a while ago but forgot about itKinda want one but$1000Weren't they $800 a year ago?Fuck happened?Anyone know of some cheap tech websites?
You do realize the PSP can play PS1 games without an emulator?
He's just an idiot.
Is the Shield Portable discontinued? It's sold out everywhere and the few places selling any have jacked prices up.Holy fuck, I'm still mad about this. I was so excited to finally see a good looking Droid gamepad, then that shit happens.
Yes, but SNES emulation for example is not that great with every game.
One second on eBay:350€http://www.ebay.de/itm/Open-Pandora-Handheld-Spiele-Konsole-/231579550754?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_16&hash=item35eb378422
Can i buy it here from the US?
No it does use an emulator. Sony in fact got the idea to build in the emulation compaitbility from a really shitty homebrew version.
At the suggestion of an anon a few days ago, I installed Lubuntu on my Asus craptop.  It runs fine, with the exception of some videos being choppy, but I can get over that.  This is mostly for schoolwork anyway.My issue is that Codeblocks won't run anything I've coded in C.  Same problem with Geany.  If I try to compile and run, I get a message saying that permissions are denied, can't open it.  I've tried everything I've found on forums, and nothing has worked.  This shit right here is the reason I install Linux and then go back to Windows after a few weeks.  There's always fucking something that doesn't work.  Anyone know how to fix this crap before I go back again?
Did you write the source code that won't compile properly on this Lubuntu install, or was it copied across from another system?
You're doing something very wrong
R390X only 2.5 weeks away from launchWho else getting one?I might get two and get a 34" 144hz freesync monitor
Its already btfo by nvidia
he doesn't have a T220TOP FUCKING KEK holy shit go back to posting your frog memesXDD you fucking meme nigger
Depends on the benchmarks. If it ain't too good, I'll go for the 380 and get a pascal gpu next year.
I see no need anytime soon for me to upgrade from my 280x when all I'm doing is 1080p gaming.I'll just wait for the next gen of cards.
I'll wait for 3 years, lel.
Living in the north of norway was thinking about picking one up for muh gaymes and to get some heat in my room
do you shit money
This.AMD is pretty much dead.
I'm gonna get the 2nd or 3rd fastest card 390X/390 after the Fury or whatever provided it at least support DP 1.3, HDMI 2.0, and GCN 1.2/Tonga compression/codec stuff.No more shekels to jewvidia for the next few generations unless they calm down with their GameWorks/PhysX/G-sync proprietary standard kick.
The nvidia shills tell me to not to.
Freesync is shitty and caps at 90Hz thoughAs usual for AMDAnd many games probably in the majority now run like shit on AMD because AMD doesn't have the finances to support devs anymore so they don't even have hardware to work withLook at GTA, Witcher 3, Project Cars or most other releases recently, AMD gets shit on
Tfw living in a CPU and GPU monopoly worldI remember when ATi, Nvidia, Amd and Intel were trading blows and thriving on competition.Especially the GPU landscape was so much more exciting.9700, 9800proGF4X19508800GTXMan, they actually outdid eachother back then instead of lame half assed rebrands.
Get a load of this shill. No facts. Not even a cherrypicked benchmark.
Freesync is just a base standard, no real control once manufacturers' controllers meet the minimum spec. I'd expect once adaptive V-sync hits the market, both Freesync and G-Sync will be dead.
not buying the hbm fiji cards instead
Hey everyone. Does anyone know if there is an app that records internal audio from my android? So far I've had no luck finding anything like that. Would really appreciate help.
Since some malware these days can break out of host VMs, would it be safer to run a VM inside a different kind of VM? Like Native OS - VMware - Virtualbox.
Just make sure you don't have shared files, and keep backups of all your files, or atleast the ones you care about.
, 
hey /g/, /biz/raeli + /b/ro here. I'm building a PC, what's the cheapest way to get Windows 7 genuinely? Are there any cons to torrenting it and running an illegitimate version?
Are there any cons to torrenting it and running an illegitimate versionYou wouldn't run a closed-source executable from a shady website to "activate" your Windows, would you?Go to your local uni starbucks, spot the macfags, exchange their dreamspark Windows license for a blowjob.
being this much of an idiot in 2015
You can buy a Windows 7 ISO from Microsoft.Are there any cons to torrenting it and running an illegitimate version?You will be unable to upgrade to windows 10, the final version of Windows.
Fukken ay, the hostility on /g/ these days.The cons of having an illegitimate version of Windows 7 is that you won't get a free upgrade from Windows 7 to Windows 10 when you join the Insider Program if you wish to do that when Windows 10 is launched. Can't think of any other reason why not to torrent it. Just download an ISO and use DAZ's WAT-remover, and you're good. If you're on DC++, you can get it from me. Never had problems with genuine-stuff except for the obvious first time, then you use DAZ's WAT-remover and you'll never be bothered again.
I've got a spare key. How much are you willing to give me for it?
I'd recommend using GNU/Linux and Wine.
If you know someone who goes to university you could ask them to buy a copy from their bookstore.  I think it was $7 for student and $14 for professional at mine.  They sell it stupidly cheap to students.  Oddly enough it was the only even remotely affordable thing there I'm looking at you, $90 online test taking software from the 90s
I meant windows 7 regular, not student, but ya
DAZ's WAT-removerNot OP but what I find is the program with shitload of crapware with it. Is it really like that or am I looking in the wrong place?
, 
what does /g/ think about the 4chan v tumblr war?
4chan vs tumblr warliterally only underage b&s and newfags give a shit about some non existent internet war.
Retards on both sides going "no, u" is not a war.  Might wanna go google "war".
Why should anyone care?
autistic manchildren on one sideautistic fat femenazis on the otherit's fun to watch
as someone who predominantly uses reddit over both, it's hilarious.
wara couple of guys screaming at each other is not a war.It's pretty funny, though.
Who fucking cares
It's not a war, it's retards screaming at each other.That said, 4chan is surely getting worse as more tumblr users become regulars but that's always been the case; before tumblr it was reddit, before reddit it was facebook... and so on.Newfags will always be a problem no matter where they come from.
i think it's a big deal and concern all of us
old memego back to late 2014
Who are you talking to?
its inconsequential to my usage of 4chan until its brought up in the wrong section of the site....
the 4chan v tumblr warThe what? Is this some epic reddit joke?Fuck off
what does /g/ think about the 4chan v tumblr war?Trannies vs Weebs.Weebs would win.
Same thing as GG: it's very pointless
not /g/
Daily reminder that if AT&T had never sued CSRG, ganoo loonix would be even more irrelevant than it is today
It would not even exist.
pfffffft
AT&T sued CSRGOver what? please do tell.
BSD was derived from the original unices made at at&t, who began selling unix later. the bsd guys wanted to give their stuff away for free, so rewrote the at&t parts and tried to release their own thing, but at&t was like "hell no" and sued them.it worked out in the end, but by the time it was settled linux had already been out for years, and bsd couldn't challenge the momentum. linus has stated that if bsd was free at the time, he would not have written linux.
Imagine the potential reduction in freetardism because everything would be using the "free-for-all" BSD license rather than the "p-please pay it forward" GPL bullshit.Oh well, you can't change the past... yet.
AT&T created more communism with their lawsuit than Marx did with his gay little books.
Oh well, you can't change the past... yet.When robots take over proprietary and free-for-all-fight-bsd-style licenses will be all that matters to those with money to survive.Freetard linux hipsters will be victims of a second holocaust and gassed or locked in work camps repairing damaged droids.
This. But history is history and now it is BSD that is irrelevant.
What's the best handheld emulator I can get? What's the best value? I've never done anything like this, the closest I have is a flashcart for DS but it seems to have bricked my DS, shitty luck I guess.I did some online research and found a lot of cases for the PSP with emulators, but a lot of them were pretty oldsome as old as 2009. Is it still on top at $125? How would I turn it into an emulator?
I just ordered a new analog stick for a PSP 1000 I had lying around. What can I do with it?
PSP's are awesome for emulation/homebrew/actual games on the system. Install CFW of any kind and have fun.
I've got a psx emulator for my android and I fucking love it
PSP's also run PS1 games natively
Is this a fan mockup? I don't remember a version with a touch bar.
Get an NVidia Shield Portable or tablet if you're into that
That really depends on which systems you want to emulate. The best the PSP can do is PXS emulation. SNES is pretty shitty too. Also don't buy a new one, they are missing some features, buy a 1000, 2000 or 3000. If you dont want to use UMDs and want something small you could also get a PSP go.It's the shitty cost-reuced E1000
How to install the emulator ?Just run the pbe file?
The fuck are you talking about?
About emulation on PSP.How to do it? I use psp3000 with pro cfw c
Pu the emulator directory on the memory stick in PSP\Games\ If I remember correctly
I see thanks.How can psp run psx games? Just put the iso file
You can get them used fairly cheap. Got a Starwars 2000 model from a yard sale for $5 once.
paying for emulatorsWhat the fuck is wrong with you?
Play a fuckload of GBC/GBA, PS one, and PSP gamesAnd get one of these for a buck, I can confirm that it works up to 128GB:http://www.ebay.ca/itm/Micro-SD-TF-to-Memory-Card-Stick-MS-Pro-Duo-PSP-Dual-2-Slots-Adapter-Converter-/331569836134?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item4d331a3066
Is there better web browser for it?
You have to convert the iso into a pbp and place those in their own folder in the game folder.I think the program was called popstationguims0:\PSP\GAME\game name\EBOOT.pbp
You have to convert them or download already converted versionsA program for converting is e.g.  popstationgui, you run this on your PC and the program converts the iso into a pbp which you put on your memory card like an emulator, in its own folder.PSP game ISOs go into /ISO/Not really, there is a port of a text-based browser which is worse than the one built in, and apparently you could run Opera mini in that Java VM, but its just not worth it
32-64mb of RAMGood luck opening modern websites
I use mine to play gbaagames in the graveyard  dhift
Is there linux version, or wine support it ?
Wine should run it. You can also just google [Gamename] PSX2PSP and download the already converted game
operajava vmGuides ?
http://www.willgoo.com/gpd-q9-gamepad-rk3288-quad-core-gb-ram-16gb-rom-p-629.htmlThis thing can emulate MVC2 on Dreamcast
Download PSPKVMGet an old version of opera mini somewhere, I think it should run version 4 of itSet it up so that opera can access the webConnect to wifiLaunch operaEnjoy a slow web browser
From opera site version 4.5 is available  there iad and jar both of them are needed?
I bought a JXD handheld and it has a 15 minute battery life which is really annoying. I keep it plugged on my nightstand to play a few games and browse emails in bed.
No idea, but you definitely need the jar.
Which one?I've heard these have shit batteries but 15 minutes sounds wrong
You'll get better performance out of an android phone emulating anything except for psp games.
Note that GPD is not JXD, they're diff companiesGPD actually seems to be trying
playing games on an Android phoneFuck that, we need buttons
I have a JXD S7800B and its pretty great, handles everything up to Dreamcast with ease and battery life is decent at 4-5 hours.
Anything out there that can emulate Gamecube smoothly?
A Wii
controllers exist, do we really have to get into this discussion every time?And before somebody brings up lugging a controller and a phone, it's probably smaller than a phone and a PSP
But handheld though. I've heard of it, and Gamecube emulators exist for Android, but I've never seen it in action.
Have you never heard of bluetooth controllers?You can even get a good one on amazon for like $12.
Don't most of those only work with their designated apps though and require weird configurations to work otherwise? I'm looking for something I can pull out of the box, download emulator, plug into my computer, click-and-drag ROMs, and play.
Gamecube emulation already requires a fairly beefy computer. Have fun trying to play Metroid Prime when the famerate dropping below 60
framerate dropping below 60I'm pretty sure the Gamecube itself doesn't do 60 fps.
Plenty of GC games ran at 60fps. First party titles on it were very well optimized.
Syncing a controller and carrying it separately is a pain in the ass. And you'll be killing the battery of your phone as well.If you're gonna carry 2 things around, may as well have one of those things capable of playing games independently and not affecting the battery of your phone
If the app has support for generic bluetooth controllers it should work.So unless the emulator you're using is shit it will work without problems.buying a phone with non-removable battery
is it true that all microsoft software can be accessed by the government at any time?
any US based software company must
not all their softwaresbut all their OSlike any other OSyes even the free as in freedom onesno, I'm not trollingyes, you are fucked and should just deal with the fact that NSA know anything you dono you can't fight thatyou can just try not to allow Google/facebook/IBM to do the same as NSA but for profityou should try to kill google that should be any free man first goal in life
Microsoft went  out of their way to give FBI server certs for Outlook.com and other of their email services.Microsoft bought Skype and removed Skype’s P2P backend and made it centralized so they could give the data to NSA.Microsoft handed the NSA access to encrypted messages• Secret files show scale of Silicon Valley co-operation on Prism • Outlook.com encryption unlocked even before official launch • Skype worked to enable Prism collection of video calls • Company says it is legally compelled to complyhttp://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/11/microsoft-nsa-collaboration-user-datahttp://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/12/us/report-indicates-more-extensive-cooperation-by-microsoft-on-surveillance.html?_r=0http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2013/07/12/skype_surveillance_a_timeline_of_public_claims_and_private_government_dealings.htmlhttp://thenextweb.com/microsoft/2013/07/11/guardian-microsoft-cooperated-with-nsa-giving-access-to-skydrive-skype-and-outlook-com-data/
There's nobody snooping at you in real time since they don't need to. It's like bugging a telephone instead of reading transcriptions.
Nope.
NSA pls go
All of it is. All of it.All of these trusted crypto no botnet fuck NSA soft devs will bend over backwards first moment government will "ask" them for assistance
Shill: The Post.No open source project makes backdoors for anybody, if it were true all the fucking servers in the world running apache and debian or centos would be hacked within 24 hours, because everyone can see the fucking backdoor in the code, retard. Kill yourself.
CS degreenot meaningless
, 
This article is 5 years old. What gives? Why is this not mainstream science yet? How do I enter this field?https://www.ucsf.edu/news/2010/12/5864/ucsf-team-develops-logic-gates-program-bacteria-computers
bacteria need food & waterbacteria can die bacteria could multiply and mutatebacteria need controlled environmentAnd finally can't overclock bacteria
Well yeah, obviously some special measures would have to be taken to use this for desktop computing and the like. However, I'm thinking about antivirus programming
Synthetic biologist here.It's quite mainstream, however it still has to get some real-life useful results.I did a pharmacy degree then a biology Ph.D, but you can do whatever you want, we're very open to any discipline. Taking part in the iGEM competition is a must.I don't think it will replace silicon computers, the applications are completely different. On the other hand, if each bacterium acts as a tiny computer, you can have a culture with millions of bacteria doing the computation in parallel.
Wow, I was really excited about synthetic bio when I first heard about it in 2006. I was even ready to try and get a career in the field, before I lost my mojo and stopped trying in general.Sounds like you had to do a lot of schooling. What kind of work do you do? Do you think the field is going to explode anytime soon? What kind of progress is being made?
because as someone who actually studies molecular biology.. blablabla your bacteria will all be dead within one day, why do you bother
, 
