, 
search nerd on computerpic related is first result has been since I can remember who is he /g/
he's /vr/'s /dos/ general
How does /g/ prevent RSI?I'm 23 and I'm already experiencing moderate RSI in both of my wrists. I exercise frequently, ice my wrists regularly, take ibuprofen when it gets really bad, and wear wrist braces when I can. I try to take regular breaks from typing and have a program that locks up my computer after certain amounts of use when I forget, and I've corrected my posture/setup as best I can to improve ergonomics.NONE of this seems to make the RSI go away for any longer than a couple of days. What do? This is becoming pretty pathetic.
install Gentoo
bump
Talk to a doctor. /g/ can't fix your shit genetics.
dont be a pussy
see a doctor
B-but it h-hurts
Im willing to bet your keyboard is on top of your desk instead of on one of those pull-out keyboard trays. I see this all the time in butholestation threads, everyone has their keyboard on top of their desk, Im suprised everyone isnt out with RSI already. If your wrists are twisted in an awkward position when you type, you will get RSI.
I do deadlifts so that the most strenuous thing my fingers do each day isn't typing on a keyboard.
drink enough water and start lifting
do you even lift?It's probably psychosomatic.  The easy solution is to kill your mother and fuck your sister, or vice versa, depending on your actual case.  You could just fuck and kill them both to keep it simple.
you need to see a REAL doctor and probably get surgery. if you don't, it will just get worse and permanently damage the nerves controlling grip. the pinky goes first and then the rest follow. enjoy drinking out of glasses without a handle, because you won't be able to soon.
Are programmers more prone to Carpal Tunnel?
31, been doing this for about as long as you've been alive. No pain. Sucks to be you, OP!
Vertical Mouse
Stop using ergonomic keyboards, they do more harm than good and certainly more than tradtional ones by a wide margin.
never did any of this, now 36, spent insane hours behind computers since 18. No problems so far.The problem could be somewhere else.
what is a glasswhat is a cup
I do deadlifts so that the most strenuous thing my fingers do each day isn't typing on a keyboard.this.Any wrist pain I had before was subsided after 2 weeks of lifting.
hoping this is bait but for the benefit of fools who believe thatYou could just get a chair that is the correct hight for typing... who regularly writes more than a few hundred words/numbers by hand these days anyway.
ITT: fa/g/s who can't distinguish between RSI and carpal tunnel
same. take a fucking break once an hour OP. do some wrist stretches. go for a walk and stretch your back and legs too. there is software to prompt you once an hour to do this. dont fall into the trap of working at your desk for hours and hours at a time. it isnt worth the damage to your health. think of it in the long term. you might get more done over the next few months or years but over the next few decades you will end up doing less as you will be off ill unable to type or sit comfortably because you neglected your health in your twenties. dont be a fucking idiot op.
I don't think you understand the meaning of repetitive strain. It doesn't mean that the strain is strong.
Enjoy never drinking hot beverages in ceramic cups.
Have RSI on right handCan't afford a doctor because no jobTo get a job I must use a computerBecause RSI it hurtsT-thanks.
yay American healthcare!shoulda been born in a decent country my friend
I'm from Greece.
I take it RSI is something like carpal tunnel syndrome.Doesn't Matt Furey have a training programme where you get rid of it with exercise.I suppose that requires you to be able to baby your fore arms long enough to be rested up to workout level.
I was born in a country where we don't pay taxes I was born in a country where we don't pay debts
If your keyboard is the same height as the monitor, and you're elevated to type better, your neck will get fucked up.
god even worse. pay your fucking debts.
Yeah, I love stating I have zero income for years, while I'm making millions.
If you have your chair and table adjusted correctly, a keyboard tray is unnecessary and quite frankly, keyboard trays just plain suck.
never had RSI or any pain in my back/whatever.how the fuck do you even manage to have these?I have a shit chair, I use shitty keyboards none of those ergonomic shit, and never had any of these...literally how?
1 sniper position for gaymes2 work3 masturbation mode engaged4 relax/fuck
get a flat chiclet keyboard, like Rapoo, or Apple if you prefer, something at most 1 inch high and  blends with the deskGet a comfortable mouse, forget all the shit you seen on /g/ about "gaming", "muh sensors" and "muh acceleration" it doesnt fucking matter. Go to the store, try it out, this is what matters yes, it involves leaving your housesource: i spend up to 18 hours a day in fron of the PC, coding, gaming or posting on 4chan, and i have been doing so for the past 6 years of my studies. No hints of RSI yet, while people around me who use the computer only an hour per day for facebook and email are somehow getting RSIdont be stupid, be comfortable
this
tfw daily heavy duty use and no RSIWhat is this strain you speak of?
Can anyone attest to this Matt Furey thing? From his website it looks like you have to spend 100 dollars on the whole shebang and then it's an additional subscription 8 dollars a month. Money isn't an issue compared to how expensive surgery could be I'm jw
What does /g/ think of Krita?
What the fuck is Krita?Sounds like a dog's name.
who?
I use it on linux for small stuff, because GIMP often frustrates me
It's the raster graphics editor for KDE.
Pointless when Photoshop CC exists
I want to bang it
kekOP, apparently nobody gives a shit about it. GIMP is already a niche software, so who gives a fuck about something even MORE obscure?
want to have sex with software
Nice software, Calligra is a nice suite, but seriously need a better marketing.
soon, but not yet. VR is still experimental for the most part.
How do you add an on screen rotate button just like sai?
1000$ software for photo manipulation vs free digital painting softwaregee anon, you sure made a point. do you also think it's useless to have bikes since planes exist?10/10 I recommend it to everybody I know.still needs works and more people reporting le bugs.
it's a great software and I know professionals working with this software. But they told me it's better than photoshop for some specific task, but it doesn't replace photoshop entirely for a professional.
right click on toolbar, "configure toolbar"in search box, type "rotate", add desired buttons.
They have a fucking furry making their artwork, of course they need better marketing.That said, his KDE mascot is alright.
It's more of a Paint Tool SAI equivalent than a Photoshop equivalent
I wish i learned about it sooner, Having to use Gimp made my time with linux very painful
It's a good tool, and I think it'll suit many people better than GIMP or inkscape.Besides, I prefer QT guis, they're just nicer.But it's still not completely better than either of the aforementioned.
2D is love, 2D is life.
Paying for PhotoshopNot my fault you're fucking stupid
have fun with that "free" photoshop ransomware
enabling jews by locking yourself in their software ecosystemPirating is just as bad as buying
Well, yeah, but besides that the project is more active than GIMP and they offer some nice side material. But KDE as whole needed to look more "professional".
implying you will be able to pirate future versions of photoshopno desktop software, only cloud apps nowalso this: 
At what point did google turn evil? I think it started right when they began developing android
When Jobs died.
When they took over YouTube.
at conception m8.duhgooglel has always been fucking evil
When they joined PRISIM
when
Hanging with the Bilderberg group. That much evil's gotta rub off.
these bilderbergs?
This is a really, really, really funny image. Mind if I save?
when NSA ivested into them back in early 2000
Corporations only care about profit. Don't hate the players for abiding by the market's rules, hate the market for making the shittiest behaviors the most profitable.
It's like abusing overpowered mechanics in online games. Sure it's part of the game, but it ruins the experience for everyone else.
Google is handy as fuck, what's wrong with it? Obviously don't do anything illegal through Google.
what's wrong with it?being this uninformed
Youtube buyout. They fucking ruined the site especially with the hamfisted g+ integration and constant UI changes. Why is Twitch so big? Because Google was starting to take down or add ads to videos that had any videogame footage in it.
Jews are inherently evil, so they were evil the very moment they were conceived.
A recycling facility in Silicon Valley is trying to trace a woman who dumped a rare Apple 1 computer, which just sold to a private collector for $200,000.EVEN THE RAREST APPLES BELONG TO THE TRASH BIN
/g/ is losing their spaghettis over a fucking computer and probably would destroy the thing if they happen to found it being dumpedkek
This
She did nothing wrong.
you forgot your click bait link.
30 year old mac has more resale value than a 3 year old Thinkpad.Sounds about right
is absolutely hilarious
WOWHOW INNOVATIVE
$548,083 pledged of $35,000 goalLooks like they're laughing all the way to the bank.
apple did it again!
This. Jesus christ this is more depressing than anything.
how is this different to a cheap usb hub
people actually paid for this
Am I reading this rightThe thing is 80 fucking dollars?
So... a hub. They're selling a hub designed specifically for a MacBook. It's a nice niche, good for them.
spend absurd amount of money on all this tatCreative Suite still runs like ass because its a shitty ultra low end cpu that struggles to drive even basic desktop usetop kekIt was conceived in Palo Alto and designed in Germany.  It's fucking hilarious that this is all the reason they need to be able to sell this many units of a fucking $80 usb hub.
Time to die
APPLE HAS DONE IT AGAIN
Appletards paying out the ass for something they shouldn't need. How surprising.
A lot of Kickstarters seed themselves via secondary accounts or friends/family to generate momentum. Those are usually responsible for the big ticket level backing that you see. It's basically paying KS their cut on the donation as a marketing investment. I've seen some campaigns dump tens of thousands of dollars into their own coffers to generate hype. It is sometimes worthwhile. People do fall for the trick and let the bandwagon effect drain their wallets.
Looks nice. A tad expensive, better be milled out and not cast.
how is this different to a cheap usb hub2 USB-C ports 1 SDXC card reader 1 mini DisplayPort mDP 1.2 video output, 4k displays at 60Hz refresh rate3 USB-A 3.0 \ charging ports Built-in lithium ion battery to charge ANY phone Please by all means show me a "cheap USB hub" with these features and ports.I'm not saying it's the next coming of Christ, but come on, guys, you are supposed to be smart at technology, anyone who says this is a "cheap USB hub" is clearly, definitively just wrong.
Sounds more like a "docking" connector. Definitely worth the $80 theyre asking for if it does all of that.
/g/expecting anything beyond a knee-jerk reaction to apple
Built-in lithium ion battery to charge ANY phoneThat's why you don't buy something that only has one port :^
If you don't have / need lots of attachments at any given time, it's not a bad thing.  Most people on /g/ can't fathom not having access to a dozen different possibilities at once, which is precisely why they aren't the target audience for this kind of laptop or associated device.
implying the MacBook is meant for running CS as a main mobile workstationimplying you can't run Mac OS X on 8GB of ram with a 5th gen Core M do you even know how efficient OS X is?You sir are a top edge lord that probably has never touched a mac or anything else linux/unix based.
It can be used to charge your iphone™
Try retina i7 mbp at apple storechugs on desktopidles at 90 C with 5 tabs open
Just imagine how much money they'll make when Apple gives them a class action lawsuit.
I will never understand how people think shitty zooms and blurring in Paint somehow proves their point.Congratulations, you've demonstrated a lack of understanding of both Apple, accessories, and class action law.
nice side stepping anon
Why didn't those idiots include one of the low-powered amd APU's in there? I am pretty sure that a mobile Jaguar core easily beats a mobile I7 at 0.8ghz Ayy lmao
meanwhile Lenovo charges $200 for the same thing
Because AMD is for poorfags, only Windows users have AMD. Also my friend's gaymen PC has an i5, this is an i7 so it's obviously premium quality and blazingly fast since 7 is greater than 5. Learn 2 math, retard.
meanwhile Lenovo charges $200 for something that looks strangely similar but lacks almost all the functionality. Fixed.
 Built-in lithium ion battery to charge ANY phone.That's a $12 value or so indeed. Except it's pretty retarded to build it into a hub
I think this is the most kickstarter thing I've ever seenI mean the only people stupid enough to invest without getting a return on investment must be Mac users right?
why would you buy the one port macbook and then buy a stupid dongle when you could have bought the macbook pro for the exact same money which is more powerful and has all the ports you need without a stupid dongle?macfags are now failing to make basic purchasing decisions out of APPLE'S OWN PRODUCT LINE.
Nice sauce
When we ordered our new MacBooks in early April, we realized there was only one USB-C portTherefore, they developed a hub with two USB-C ports and 3 USB-A charging only ports and a built-in battery and a SDXC reader and stuff.Hey, did you know that one of the USB-C ports is the hub's input connection, leaving you with just one USB-C port still?
leaving you with just one USB-C port stillayy lmao, macfags gonna defend this
the same hub after 2 days of usethanks Applel
That sounds like a good list of ports to put on a laptop OH WAIT.
Seriously everyone I know who uses apple products always carrier around these taped chargers or whines constantly how the inside wires are again showing and they gotta get a replacement. I have never had issues like these on any of my cables.Planned expiration is couldn't be more blatant.
yfw this happened to me
The absolute stupid in that image. It burns.
underrated post
kek, that damage control
macfags will defend this
top jej
I hate people so much
will never understand how people think shitty zooms and blurring in Paint somehow proves their point.That shit is fucking annoying but at least it's better than one post + 150 reaction images. It's like people need audio tracks to know when to laugh.
Did he just check the alignment of the USB port to make sure it was going in the right way? Does this guy not understand how USB-C is designed?
If anything this proves what a piece of shit the macbook is in terms of functionality.Why buy it in the first place?
Got the new MacBook, but can’t work as you used to? We’ve solved the single port issue.it's me or this sound like banter
You buy it because you know you don't need the ports. The guys who buy one just to buy a hub for the ports are morons of the highest order of mac morons. There's the macbook pro and yet, they still feel the need to buy this macbook.
The hub that he had wasn't a type-c hub.
Did I just discover Apple's next step?
Nope, it's 115. The 80 is only for the early backers.
1 mini DisplayPort mDP 1.2 video output, 4k displays at 60Hz refresh rateBut that's wrong, very wrong. Yes, the Displayport 1.2 standard can provide the bandwidth for that, but the bandwidth of DisplayPort 1.2 is four lanes of 8.1 Gb/s for a combined total of 32.4 Gb/s. USB 3.1 USB C is just a connector type for USB 3.1 is only capable of delivering 10 Gb/s of data, which is probably barely enough to drive one 1080p60hz screen.
lol nerd
Ah, okay.
implying sauce is needed for common sense
This is also, of course, assuming that the USB controller in the new Mac Book has enough ass to even push the limits of the standard, which I doubt it has. Sorry for the redundant posting.
well i guess this is no longer true :^
USB-C is also the connector type for Thunderbolt 3 which delivers 40gbps of bandwidth, so obviously it's not just limited to USB3.1
for every additional cost of item we will send you another of that itemWHAT A DEAL
The hub is USB 3.1 though, not Thunderbolt. We're talking about the hub here, stay focused.
Whats so bad about cheap usb type-C adapters with many ports? Just having to plug in one single cable to get full connectivity with screen, keyboard, mouse, power would definitely be an improvement. Apple has been trying to do the same with Thunderbolt for ages, but the adapters were too low on demand to be cheap, and thus every adapter that did something like that ranged between 200 and 300€.You guys should literally thank Apple that they pushed this development so you can have awesome and cheap docking hubs for your non-Mac type-C usb laptops once you get one.Fucking morons.
But if you need all these ports, why not just buy a laptop with them included instead of having to spend more money on a hub?Fucking moron.
LMAO
But my laptops already has the portsWhy do I need to by a third party fucking adapter
lelports galore
These brilliant people are making a shitton of money. Good for them!
Your hub has ports, why abstract them to a single point of failure The laptop side cable
YEAH, THE SINGLE PORT ON YOUR YOUR LAPTOP SILLY CUCKLE FUCK.
Meant for
How does it feel to know that Windows is more efficient in both resource use and power use than osx? Does it rustle your jimmies? Huh? Does it??
Osx can't run on anything other than a very select few processors and computer set ups. Its pretty shit when you think about it that way. Apple sure does suck at desktop software.
Good on them for capitalising on something that people needed, and will probably be fairly cheap to manufacture.It's hilarious, but not stupid.
I hope they're copying Apple tax evasion schemes as well for their own good :^
I NEED A LOT OF PORTS SO I'LL BUY A NOTEBOOK WITH ONLY ONE PORTFUCKING GENIUS
Well, it's thinner and lighter as a result, and I am looking for portability over power, man.  I will just bring 10 adapters with me in my laptop bag instead.
How does it feel to know that Linux is more efficient in both resource use and power use than Windows? Does it rustle your jimmies? Huh? Does it??
and power use
being so 'innovative' you go full cricle and let consumers replace their own batteries
These people that backs this project, why didn't they just buy a laptop with ports in the first place?
because IT'S THE FUTURE
Because they dont need them on the go, but when using it home/docked they can come in handy thus thus dock.
Did you even read my post? You want a hub anyways, so you don't have to plug/unplug 5 cables whenever you leave or come home. Even faster to connect than any docking station.Sure, that the laptop itself doesn't have at least a few ports is dumb as fuck, and I wouldn't buy it, but those adapters are definitely worth their money for a USB type-c laptop if its just 80 bucks.
But it is the future. We arent there yet but this macbook is what most of the future laptops will get their design cues from.
but the new macbook doesn't have docking functionality
But I already have a dock
I believe it so it must be true
And when that thin ass hub cable breaks, you're fucked
great question. somebody should post it in OP's kickstarter
Buy a new hub. Problem solved.
It's all over for apple now
USB-Type C will work with any laptopt that has that port, docking stations will only work with one specific laptop brands.Also lets not forget that docking stations are usually way more expensive than 80 bucks and more cumbersome than simply plugging in one port.
kek
the cult figurehead businessman is deadthe cult design man is leavingI think we might finally see this beast wane.
More like: Hey investors! Wanna make some money? Sure, buddy. What's the deal?  Can I borrow 200k for a month. I'll pay it back : Deal! Insert Happy Face  Start kickstarter Generate hype Pay 100 people to donate the 200k back to their own kickstarter slowly. people: omg!!!! 200k pledged of the original goal of 16k... Must be a brettttty good product! Where's my wallet? I gotta donate! watch funds go above and beyond the 200k.  Give investors their 200k back +  a share in your companyCongrats anon! You're an entrepreneur now.
How does the macbook macbook manage to drive 4k 30hz? Isn't it just using a usb-c with 3.0?
I need to stop underestimating how stupid people are, at least when it comes to technology.
Apple can created demand for new products.
The success of something like that puts in perspective how many apple buyers have lost the capacity to spend their money wisely"sit back and relax, enjoy the crash..."
haha. it's so easy to make money. normies are fucking dum
BandwidthFUCK YOU RETARD BW IS MEASURED IN HZ NOT BPS OR BITS PER TRANSMISSION, WHAT YOU ARE REFERING IS DATA RATE.
 a lack of understanding of both Apple, accessories, and class action law. both Apple, accessories, and class action law BOTH Apple, accessories, and class action lawtriggered
hilariously iirc it has HALF the bandwidth just to fuck people even harder with planned obsolescence.
top heh
LOOOOOOOOOOOLwat the fuck
Give us another four grand and we'll send you another one standard model with your name on.Oh and its ~gooooooooold~9 backersHoly fuck why do poeple do this?

Everything nowadays is about momentum. For example ADHD social media can be easily manipulated with bots to gain views and after that it gets the algorith's attention, after that it gains views organically and gets viral.Same principle can be applied to kickstarter.Funfact, if you ever play multiplayer games where there are for like the next playable map, usually the one which gets the first 2 votes wins as people are more inclined to support something they can see others have trusted.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAfucking sheepHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
This is blashphemy, by supporting this project people are admitting that Apple is wrong.IT was designed with one port, so you better learn to live with one
AMD HBM 8GB version CONFIRMED!NJudea is finished!-R9 380 4gb $199-R9 390 8gb $299-R9 390x 8gb $399-Fiji pro 4gb hbm $599-Fiji xt 4gb hbm $749-Fiji xt /xtx 8gb hbm $849-Fiji vr 2x8gb hbm $1399-$1499class="quote"inb4 merely rumorsinb4 op can't inb4
only one sourceclickbait at its best

confirmedIf only if I had kept a list of all these "confirmed" rumours of the past year.
implying the $849 4GB romour had more than one source
kept a list for what purpose? they were confirmed, so no longer rumors.
it's not 8gb HBMit's 8gb GDDR5
My rumor is better than your rumor!
learn to read
8gb HBM isn't even feasible right now, that's not a rumor.
lol
confirmedliterally says 'rumour' in the headlineI had to click on a a bunch of cakes and two pages of food to post this, you fuck.
/thread
AMD right now
Why ?
So is the 380 basically a 290 and so on? What's the 390x then?
that's not a rumorYes it is. 4 stacks isn't a hard limit.
Of course not dummy, it's just not financially feasible for more right now.
neogaf
so they'll sell a product at loss to #rek NJudeaYou mean to tell me you don't know about companies who have done such a thing in the past for strategic use ?
NO DRIVERS
Thats the exact reason amd is dying. Also why they publicly stated they dont want to be seen as the "cheeper alternative" anymore.
cheapthey ain't anymore
I'm not disagreeing that there's some valid reasoning behind the speculation, but you still can't cite a 4GB limit as a known fact. We'll have to see what they managed to do with the interposer.
AMD leaks models and pricesNO GUISE NO HBM :D:D:D:D::D IT ISNT HAPPENINGFiji pro 4gb hbm $599Its a day 1 buy for me.Have fun le epic trolls.
FinallyAfter six months of surviving off integrated graphics and refurbished dying 7970A new GPU
no specsno benchmarksprobably need 1000w psuprobably heats entire neighborhoodstill no drivers980 ti still best price to performance card
/b/ is that way
980ti still best price to performance cardStopped reading there
What I really want from AMD, is more Ruby pics.
So it's gonna be like 1000 AUDfuck everything
Decent drivers not included
it's the last sentence, so yeah you did.
at least the current line up of pleb cards will be cheaper. hopefully.

Sleeping knowing the fact that you bought something that's second best
not to mention the reported yield rates for HBM
$599
980 ti still best price to performance cardIt scales exactly with the 980.The best price/performance high-end card currently on the market is the 290x, that will become even more of a reality with the release of the 3xx series, when AMD fanboys rush to upgrade.
Low contribution /v/ invadersBased fucking Ruby. She is EXACTLY the kind of brand building AMD needs to go back to.
Dawn is, was, and will forever more be superior.
low contributingposts some virgin neckbeard's fantasy
Just wait a fucking day for crying out loud, then we'll see if either company is 'shit' or if they both have competitive products.
probablystopped reading, right therea daywhat's happening tomorrow ?
Computex is.
class="quote"rumour-amd-fiji-models-revealed-will-come-with-both-4gb-8gb-cheapest-model-at-599/rumour-amd-fiji-models-revealedrumourCONFIRMED GUYS
could have bought a 390 8GB for the price of my 280x if I had just waitedoh well I guess I'll just save up and go all out on the next big release.
sell
Computex schedulectrl famd0 resultsok
everyone on /g/ has literally been saying wait for new card in June for months now
old thread is at 300 and soon to die. time for a new oneIf you can't be bothered to:search itlurk moargit gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/small/stupid questions here, ONCE.DO NOT BUMP THE THREAD, You are NOT entitled to an answer.Please read the sticky before posting Redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread, HEREUse /g/sqt as a link to find the SQT thread
if I cop the note 4 dev edition on verizon, can I put cyanogenmod on it?
I use Windows Server 2012R2 as a workstation. I want to install Bitdefender but it's not letting me as they want me to buy their "business" version. Is there anyway to trick it into thinking I'm windows 8? Running it in compatibility mode doesn't work.
if I copcopWhat is this, niggerspeak?
Is it possible to use another router as a sort of Wi-fi extender? Basically I have a router in one room, and I want to know if I can hook up a router in another room and have that somehow be boost my signal by connecting through it.Is this a thing that's possible wirelessly or no?
sorry did you want me to transpose it to mouthbreathing weeaboo jibberishIF I WAIFU NOTE 4 BEST GRIL EDITION, CAN I DOKI DOKI CYANOGENMODfaggot
Uh oh, it's chimping out!
put your router in bridge mode
yes I was running that for a whileyou have to connect the two and they have to be set up individual of one anotherI'm white you sperglord
WOOO WOOOO that's the sound of the policestop right there! i'm here to cop this tabletWOOOO WOOOO
I'm whiteYeah, sure. Now go take a picture of your white friend's arm or something to prove it.
Is it possible to use another router as a sort of Wi-fi extender?Yes it's called a wireless repeater
yep, it sure is
I'm silly and posted on a dying thread.
Ah shoot, just looked it up and this router can't be put into bridge mode.  Well, at least I know now
I'm whiteyet you act like a nigger?
It's a term at least used on /fa/ that means "to acquire."
Very common to use HP elitebooks in their docking stations in corporate America.
pretty much any "business class" laptop
that orange ring on the toy gun
you're a total faggotplease eliminate yourself from the gene pool lol
Am I getting jewed if I pay for a warranty extension? Right now it's only got 4 months left for a new laptop I'm buying but I can extend it to 3 more years.
Yeah. It's not just a black word. It's both black and hipster.
nice rtj hoodie I like you at least
most business grade laptops have a docking station connector on the bottom, but each laptop model has it's own specific docking station that it can dock to
Oh okay, thanks. Why don't they have any docking station enabled laptops for consumers? That'd be mighty convenient, at least for me.
Are you gay?
then quit acting like a nigger
your eyes and tiny mouth reminds me of the pale alien from prometheusnew laptop4 months warrantyevery manufacturer has at least 1 year warranty.but i guess it's ok to get extended, depending on how good the laptop is. if it's just a piece of shit its not worth it.
they're available for consumers, it's just a terminology thing, there's consumer grade and business grade, they're both available to anyone with the monies for one.  consumer grade is usually cheaper but also less powerfull and less durable and less features
lololol that's the first time I've heard thatit's also a shitty pic and my friend took 3 tabs of acid and broke my nose tuesday
Depends on what the warranty covers.
Thinkpad T540. Getting it for around half usual retail price, but the warranty extension is like a quarter of the total price if I pay for it.
bucks. Only one needs to be able to bridge, just name it and give it the same key as the first.
Oh I see, I just find it somewhat strange for me to buy a business grade laptop that has things like file encryption and fingerprints readers on it when I don't have any confidential documents or underage pr0n on my computer, but I'll look more into it.
I looked up bridge mode for my wireless router and I'm seeing posts that say it's not possible to do with the router model Linksys E2000.This is all for my PS3 which for some reason disconnects constantly, so I'm thinking I could maybe plug an ethernet cord from the PS3 into my laptop which has no issues with connectivity for whatever reason, and use that as my connection somehow.Or I might try and go out and buy one of those netgear extender whatever the fuck  you call its.  Unless ALL routers should be able to be put into bridge mode and that guy lied to me
brown eyesbrown hair"white"I'll give it to you on a technicality, José.
ya got me bud I'm actually not black I'm spanishcan you stupid niggers stop focusing on my ethnicity and answer my damn question
Where in my hosting server do I put a webm file?and what code do I write so that people who visit my site will be able to watch the video?pic related.
answer my damn questionJust in case you didn't know, you're not entitled to an answer.
spanish are black. fucking moors conquered you for centuries
and just in case you didn't know the thread was about stupid questions not my fucking ethnicity which is german you halfwits
That place is ok, you can use html5's video tag:
updatedhows this look?
Anyone?I was thinking of just getting it since it's already pretty cheap
I think this thread is about how you're a hipster. Are you wearing skinny jeans right now?
Is there anyway to unfuck lolipop's battery rape or do I have to wait for M to make it even worse while promising to make it better?
sweatpants actually
Hardware damage. Seems pretty standard.
Do you at least have the bottoms rolled up to show off some faggy colored socks?
not even currently wearing socks
looks fine to me
I'm thinking about moving my person ms hyper-v server into either centos with kvm or vsphere, is there a big performance difference in either?
what's your budget?If you're not willing to tell, it's fine
How many routers do you have? Linksys E2000Is this your main one or the one you want to extend the connection with.  I could maybe plug an ethernet cord from the PS3 into my laptop which has no issues with connectivity for whatever reason, and use that as my connection somehow.That is possible too. This is all for my PS3 which for some reason disconnects constantlyShitty wireless chip tbh
caring about being whitenot wanting a qt brown gfIt's like you literally have shit tastes
If it's cheap, why not?
I recently fully reformated and reinstalled the OS on my laptop and now some keys aren't working. Like, holding FN and pressing The F keys that also control volume and screen brightness and whatnot no longer works. Am I missing drivers? I already installed all there were available on the website for the laptop.It's a sony vaio VGN-FJ77GP
you're missing an app that implements the fn key behaviors and can be downloaded from sony's website unless your laptop is more than a week old, in which case they'll probably have said BORED NOW and pulled the support downloads
should I switch from Ubuntu to Debian and if so what version of debian?
shilling for 'brown girls'Do you do this for free, by the way?
It's fucking ancient, but the driver website's still up. Thanks
drp.suthat should take care of it anon
I'm about done with my Android app.  What it is doesn't really matter.  My question:  Is it worth it to do some marketing/hire a marketing firm to try and drive up users?  Or should I just take this chance as an opportunity to build my resume? Also, say I have 100 active users with a single banner ad on every page, what kind of income would I see?It's something I started working on because I wanted the utility for myself.  But I figure I'll put it up on the store so I can at least say I'm a published app maker.
No I'm paid by the Swedish bureau of multicultural affairs.
Reguarding ad money,  imagine a use would probably only be for about 2 minutes. It would also probably be used 2-3 times a month per user.
Just moved from Windows to Linux Mint. Is it possibly to change my folder icons to a custom file, like replacing the .ico on Windows instead of their small selection? I'm trying to organize muh animu
help me decide? Trying to choose between laptops:option 1 has the latest hyperthreaded dual-core i7 at 2.4ghz and integrated graphicsoption 2 has a previous generation quad-core hyperthreaded i7 at 2.5ghz + dedicated 860M for graphicsthe both models are of the same series and are otherwise identicalI'm mostly concerned about whether or not the lower power draw of option 1 will improve battery life enough to make it worth the less performance, or on the contrary, whether or not my intended usage notes and homework for uni + making music and gaming for fun even warrants the added power of option two. Previous laptop had a pentium 2020m but I'm substituting a desktop with fairly mid-range stuff i5-4690+gtx750
personally I'd go for the dedicated graphics
Holy shit, I might be retarded. Nevermind
Holy shit, I might be retardedwell, you did install desktop linux, so that's pretty much a given at this point
It's a shitty netbook on it's last legs, I figured I may as well.I'll throw Gentoo on it at some point to reset my autism
It's relatively cheap compared to buying anywhere else, but still pretty fucking expensive.Apparently changing the HDD will void the warranty, so the retailer advised me to keep the original HDD around to put back into the laptop in case I ever run into problems.
shitty netbooklook into puppy bruh
The stupid people are supposed to be the ones who ask the questions, not answer them.
upon double checking, it turns out they both have dedicated graphics, actually. the dual core has a 840m and 8 more gigs of ram than the 860m model. thoughts, anyone?
best free program for backing up harddrives?It would be great if it had a scheduler. So it auto backups at a certain time.
what os?
Windows 8.1, eventually wangblows 10
I'm fooling around with proxmox and I just made a container with ubuntu 14.04I wanted to run a torrent server on it, but rtorrent was missing.How would I go about adding the normal ubuntu repo's?
I'm not on my windows box right now so I can't tell you exactly what it's called or how to activate it but windows now has folder sync capability built in it's called something like watched folders
midi sounds don't come out of my win98 virtual machine, and the mute button in the "Midi" section in volume control is greyed out, leading me to believe it's not currently supported. In the "Audio" section of the VM's settings in virtualbox, the currently selected Audio controller is SoundBlaster 16, and there are two other options, ICH AC97 and Intel HD audio, though those two don't produce any sound and just cause a "new hardware found" dialog in Win98 which it doesn't know what to do with. What do? It's the only thing keeping me from experiencing my old vidya
ill look around for it, thanks.
Set your default MIDI device to Microsoft GS in Sound and Midi settings.Your VM is emulating a SB16 which has it's own full wavetable midi synth, but clearly it's not emulating that part properly.Setting it back to MS GS will use the standard software synth.
Will TMAC work with W10?
Trying to rip some animu off a DVD with handbrake, but regardless of what I do the video file afterwards is choppy, the audio is broken and glitchy..it's shit.Playing the DVD with windows media player works fine.The fuck am I doing wrong?shit doesn't resolve my issues.
Make an .iso of the dvd for best quality
I'll give that a shot. Though i will say, I didn't have to create isos for the previous seasons of the same show :
Friend is considering selling his computer:much should I pay for it?
My headphones make horrible staticky noises when playing music above a certain very quiet volume through my DAC, but sound fine through my audio interface. Is my DAC SMSL 793ii fucked? What can I try to make everything not sound like shit?
Can any USB flash drive be made into a bootable Windows installation? I don't know why but a user review of this SanDisk Cruzer says it can't.
The only thing I see in Multimedia Properties is "Creative Music Synth 220". I looked up something about installing the drivers from CD, choosing Microsoft MCI "Media Sequencer Device" from new hardware list, and I was able to follow through with it, but it didn't change anything? Am I looking in the right place? I went to "multimedia properties" in the control panel and this is under the MIDI tab. thanks for you help anyway
600
Where can I get a cheap desk? I've had no luck at local shops and there's nothing I really like at Ikea
Hey /g/. I'm back from a few days ago. I asked what open source license would prevent copyleft sublicensing. Turns out there are incompatible licenses, but none that explicitly deny it. You guys convinced me that I should allow LGPL, but I still want a license that does not allow the GPL.I want to allow proprietary, MIT, BSD, and other open source licenses. Allow derivations to require to at least disclose their source LGPL, but not anyone who builds on top of that work. However, I want to disallow reciprocal, viral, licenses that require everything they touch to be relicensed and force others to disclose their source, even if they are just linking to it GPL, Eclipse, Mozilla, etc. Any ideas on how to word a stipulation for that?
That's what I was thinking.
Online personal sales like craigslist. I got a glass corner-desk for like $25 and it was worth 10x that amount they were moving and that was the price they listed. I didn't even haggleBest purchase I ever made
350 usd
I went to IKEA and instead of getting a desk, I bought two 30$ tables and pushed them together to make a pretty good sized L-desk area. Just pure black tables.
For real?
Anyone else have any ideas for this? Ripping the DVD to an iso didn't help, unfortunately.
I don't think so. More try getting it for $500 - $600. How many does he wants ?
Asking for $800, but I know he's starting high se we can haggle down. I'll offer $500 and go $600 max.
What kind of connection is this?
micro MIDInote the five pins
am3+seagater7 270If you personally like the ricer case and want a legit copy of windows I guess 500 isn't that bad.
What is wrong with each of those things?
Raidmax is shit
Start with current market valueSubtract 150 from the very startSubtract 150 for every 6 months
Looks like miniusb to me, captian
I'd kind of like some drawers for controllers and cords though. I thought about getting the long Micke and one of the drawer units from the same line. If the drawers could fit under the desk, that'd be perfect, but I have no idea.
why doesn't 4chan have a notification system, reloading all the time to see if someone replied is retarded
maybe you should make better posts, so you just know that someone replied when you reload the page
Is the Oneplusone a decent phone or am I throwing away my money?
thank you
I heard this infograph was bullshit and doesn't do anything to improve performance.Is this claim true?
Seagate drivers have terrible failure rates and the r9 270 is a weak as fuck card.
So $600 being max, subtract $ 150 for the HDD and the graphics card?

drives*
I'm not sure I actually don't think you should jew your friend.
If I install Mint on my laptop, for what things can I expect to have drivers as soon as I install it, and for what things will I have to scour the Internet?
If I'm not gonna get the video card or HDD, I don't think I should pay $600.Would you say the rest of the components sans video card and HDD totals up to $450/500?
Going to root soon.If i backup my phone, what exactly is 'backed up'?Just media files music, photos, videos?Settings?Contacts their names, #s, emails, photos??download as well as deleted apps?themes/fonts?account info?
When is Jolla coming to the united states?
1. True.2. Bullshit. Unless you run out, memory consumption is not a bad thing. If you run out, you have bigger problems.3. Restore points are good ideas.4. Bullshit. It might save on an unnoticeable amount of hard drive space, but won't improve the performance of the computer.5. Any theoretical miniscule performance gains from step 4 are undone twice over in this step.6. Services: Bullshit. You disable a ton of windows services that are idle background services. They take up little to no resources until needed.6. Startup: True. You can improve that first couple of minutes of slowdown when you start your computer by removing large unnecessary programs that startup with windows. 6. Boot: Bullshit. It take almost no resources to launch the splash, and if you get an ssd where you boot up fast enough, you'll notice it'll quit halfway though the animation if it finishes first.7. Bullshit. These only hit performance when visible, and it's such a small hit. If you go into a fullscreen game it will have no affect.TL;DR: only follow this guide if you are running on desperate hardware... like something from more than a decade ago with 1GB or less of ram, a dinky celeron processor, 10GB hard drive, and you are struggling to run a web browser, not even thinking about running a game unless it's something like starcraft 1, or roller coaster tycoon 1
I have a Dynex keyboard with a slew of extra buttons, the left side has a vertical row including back, forward, calculator, explorer window, etc, and the right side is the same but has play, pause, volume, etc.Is it possible to remap these natively in windows ie set up my own shortcuts for them? or do i need to use some Dynex program to do so if they even will let you?
IMO just look up blackviper's tweaks, it pretty much will take care of most of this in one fell swoop anyways
I'm looking at buying the BenQ BL2420PT monitor 23.8" 2560x1440. Are there any known faults with the brand or the model?
450 seems alright if you want to jew your frienda hard disk and graphics card something like this maybe or a 280x if you want to spend more. Or just wait until the rx 3xx series is out.
So I use cpupower to change my governor to powersave as it usually gives my thinkpad an extra hour or so of battery. Is there anyway to have powersave to be the default governor? Right not its ondemand. I want to keep it on powersave and then just use cpupower to temporarily change that on the rare occasions that I need a higher clockspeed.
notificationsadoif jasio jfasiodj fasoid
What is FMVA
The organization responsible for the blitberg implementation
Is there a way I can identify if my motherboard's ethernet port is dead? Or if it's the cable that needs to be replaced?Right now all the details I have areboth orange and green lights on the port aren't turning on lights on the router are vreen on other ports but the one coming to my pc is not onWindows network center thing tells me cable is disconnecteddevice manager says the integrated ethernet has no issueshave a small usb dongle and it works with my router's wifi but  I'm too far and the signal is too lowAnything I might have missed?
try a different cablecables are cheap
The current cable goes inside the walls and it's a bit difficult to replace Any way to test if it's the cable without needing to make a mess?
Is it possible to reverse a trip code?i've noticed it's possible to put in the same password, so I assume there's a way to reverse a trip to get the password.
Is there anyway to put simple password protection a folder? I don't need encryption, just something to keep out the most basic pleb by prompting for a password.
How is the quality determined when streaming YT from VLC?
i don't know what you're using, but I use svptube, which lets you choose the quality.
Are IP addresses reused in 3G?I'm currently driving through central London and for a short time when I tried to post it said I was banned for off topic and ban evasion on /x/ lol though I never even visited /x/Now I can post again though
I have a laptop with an HDD. With this HDD came a windows factory reset CD. I removed the HDD and put an SSD in the laptop. I installed Linux on the SSD. Everything worked perfectly.I put the HDD back in the laptop and used the windows recovery CD in order to factory reset the HDD. That worked. But now, when I try to put the SSD which has Linux back in the laptop, I get a message saying that no drive is detected.Do you guys have an idea on what might be going wrong and how to fix it ?
If I price match some headphones that're on a pretty good deal, like probably too good for them to approve it..But on the off chance that they did, do you think they'd send me some shitty banged up box to get back at me, or am I just being paranoid.
It isn't algorithmically possible, though you could create a large database where you'd store the password-tripcode for every password from, for example AAA to ZZZ AAA, AAB, AAC... and then search for the tripcode that interests you.This would work for simple tripcodes, though I don't know how secure tripcodes work.
This is more of a /v/ question but i figured this is the place.I'm having this issue with random FPS drops From 130 to 20 for 5-8 seconds and some really bad mouse latency and it feels like im moving my mouse through thick syrup, I mainly play TF2 and CS:GO so im not sure if its a source only problem. This problem has only been happening for the past fortnight with no such issue in the past. I can only play one pug or so before these issues begin.My build is basically a Compaq pre-built from 2010 with a new power supply/ GPU, Im using a CM Storm Havoc and the default keyboard that came with the computer.I'm fully aware of just how shit my PC is and i'm in the process of upgrading. but for the meantime this old unit will have to do.Does anyone have any idea whats causing this? My best guess is my cpu is shitting the bed/ overheating.
Does the computer freezing with vertical lines on the screen mean the CPU needs new thermal paste to be reapplied?
Google for GRUB
building a PC and I just need a GPU. What are some key things I should look? This list of 980s on pcpartpicker is overwhelming and half of them aren't in stock anymore
Yes
What are the downsides to taking a laptop into the bathroom while shitting?
I had a laptop that did this. From a cold boot, it would run smoothly for a few minutes then start. Would run a tad bit longer if the machine was really cold.
Anybody a Golang programmer here?Working on a simple Golang web scraper and trying to output my text that's read in from the webpage and I get: "0 write mh4u.txt: The handle is invalid."I have no idea how to fix this or what it even means
Find unbiased reviews on the range of gpus your looking for that are in stock.
You'll finally find the true meaning of shitposting. Downsides - none
Grub is supposed to be installed on a drive. If my SSD worked before, and that I haven't touched it since the first time I took it out of the laptop, everything should still be working, shouldn't it ? Or am I missing something ?
a fucking 83508m/s monitorcomplete garbage PSUhorrible meme case0/10
Nice code example.
meme caseWhat the fuck are you on about. That's one of the best cases out there if you want something quiet.
Probably means that you forgot to initialyze the variable that represents the file. For example, in c, before writing to a file fwrite, you have to fopen it. Are you sure the code you're using to open the file is working ?
I believe so, because if I go to other sites than the specific one I want to grab info from it will write it to the file. I'd throw an example in but it would look super gross on here lol
I got a new work where I have to do C++, C# and .NET dev. Is  it me or visual studio is shit ?
Maybe the site you're trying to scrap has special chars in its URL and your filesystem isn't able to deal with them ?
Its a fat cheap piece of garbage that got shilled to fuck on here.Its not even that quiet
I bet you don't even own one. Name a quieter case.
Yeah thats what I'm starting think. Shit is driving me insane. For reference, the site I'm trying to scrape is this: obviously going for items and their attributes such as cost etc
Any case can be quiet, if you want it to be a fucking oven.R4 does quite well at heating up, unless you pull hard drive cage and sound deadening which is pretty much a must if you want airflowBut hey, if flimsy top and bottom panels and the cheapest plastic known to man for the front panel is adequate for you, then enjoy your oven.Its shit, and I cant believe we all fell for the shilling.
Hello people, please bear with me I'd like some sound advice , I just spent £700 on PC parts I'm planning to put it together myself never done it before. I never bought an OS however, I was planning on pirating Windows 8 but someone told me just buy Windows 7 and you will get a free Windows 10 when its released. What should I do ? I'm pretty confident I could pirate an OS soundly I've pirated Sony Vegas 10 and many games on my shitty old Samsung notebook successfully and never broke it or virused it up. Basically what OS would you recommend, why, and what do you think of the stuff I bought ? Thank you for your time !What I bought- i5 4460- MSI Z97 PC Mate Intel LGA1150 Z97 ATX Motherboard- MSI r9 280x gpu - hyper fury 8gb ram 2x 4gb- relatively cheap keyboard+mouse combo- benQ 22 inch hd monitor Pic loosely related game I want to play
ovenI'm idling here at about 34F on cpu, 31F gpu.So no better cases then? All right, real swell talking to you, anon.
someone able to answer some questions regarding exchange 2010?
Does the computer freezing with vertical lines on the screen mean the CPU needs new thermal paste to be reapplied?
What the best way to download youtube videos on a mac?
share-tube.eu/
how do you copy an entire virtual machine in virtualbox from one computer to another? Copying it from the "Virtualbox VMs" folder on one computer to another apparently doesn't work. Is this possible?
still youtube-dl
why doesn't my bat file do anything when I want it to convert two filetypes?@echo offfor %%f in \input\*.* do     ffmpeg.exe -i "%%f" "output\%%~nf.flac"pause
I don't think so, where did you hear that? What's your CPU temp anyway?
I think it's between 30 and 40 degrees.
°Cyou should start making worries 80°Cdon't dare asking me for Fahrenheit, fuck you usa
Wrong. It means "to buy".
What hostname should I give to my new machine?With 1TB of RAM and four twelve-core E7-4850v2s it will be the most powerful PC at the office.Also wondering if I should install CentOS or Ubuntu Server on it.
bump0 repliesplease respondetc.
1TB of RAM1TBWhat the fuck you doin with all that RAM? inb4 name it UltronName your server conform to your business policy for naming machines, either by department or function or some of that jazz
It's fine.. is more likely a problem related to the gpu driver, or the gpu itself needs better cooling, what's the temp of your graphics card?
recently bought new laptophad windows 8 even though the seller said it was windows 7it's the worst fucking piece of shit OS I've ever touchedNever tried pirating a OS before, but how easy is it to do it with 7 and hoe do I maintain it since I can't install updates, MSE and whatnot?
which one is better mobo for audiobiostar hi-fi k1-ior ASRock h81m-gl
why you don't give a try to linux? anyway I think you can ask for a downgrade
What the fuck you doin with all that RAM?Genome assembly mostly. De Bruijin graphs get huge.
Because muh vidya
Also it seems I can downgrade my Windows 8 to windows 7. What if I want to replace my laptop's HDD, though? Do I get the Windows 8 key from my laptop, then insert the new HDD, install windows 8 using that key and then downgrade?
removewat 2.2.6 this exactlyFrom a fresh install, if you use it it will work. Once you fully update the os, it will break. Just open removewat again and undo the change. Reapply removewat and your set. It wont ever break again.
Hi /g/, planning on joining the desktop + netbook master race. How's this sound?Desktopx4 860kR9 290 4GB8GB RAM1TB HDDNetbookgoing to use it to steam stream muh vidya.
- will make updates possible
Sounds a bit too good to be true. So what, apply it, update OS whenever I want, then use this again?
I've installed ElementOS on a virtual machine with windows 7 as its host, I'm trying to set up a shared folder between the virtual machine and windows 7. I'm succesful in making the folder view-able in ElementOS but the problem is if I power down the virtual machine, the next time it's booted up the sharefolder does not auto-mount even if I already set it to auto-mount on virtual box. How do I fix this?
try to install the guest addition on the guest system
Anyone know what good white light fans I can buy to replace the front ones for my carbide 400r?
Yes. I think there is an update that searches if the WAT is missing. You remove it - update to break - undo the removal - then remove it again. You will then forget about removewat until you reinstall the os or something.for god sake dont use 2.2.7
already installed
What is /g/'s PDF viewer of choice for Windows? Isn't there something light like Sumatra that doesn't look like shit?
33 C
NHGRI has a naming convention.Stop showing off and get back to work.  I thought we blocked 4chan. . .
What's wrong with 2.2.7?This sounds a bit too simple to be true tbh, is this WAT safe?
What do you guys use to sort your audio metadata out?
Why would I buy RAM advertised at a high clock speed when I could overclock cheaper RAM? Is this me being dumb? DDR4-2133 can be overclocked to 2800 etc, can't it?
high ram clock speed is pretty useless anyway
Havin a problem, not sure if this is the place to go to. I bought a mic that apparently needs a preamp, and while I'm not opposed to getting one, I've been looking for alternatives because the mic seems to work well enough through Skype to pick up myself and another person ~6 feet away, enough to be understandable through skype at least, yet while I'm trying to record audio in Adobe Audition it picks up nothing but static.
I know performance difference is negligible. But is it the same product, and just different out of the box?
google chrome
pls help
This has literally been asked in every single thread.It's literally been answered, correctly, in every single thread.Anon, I don't understand.  Why do you keep posting this?
ATX 20-pin
In cURL with a POST request file upload, is the whole cURL request sent and then the file starts to upload or does it send up to the file upload and once the file is uploaded send the rest of the request?
personally i would get a short cable and hook it up to your laptop and see if you can get something like FTP, Input Director, etc working, see if the port works first since that's easier than dealing with a huge cable run.downside is if it is the cable, gonna have to get in that wall
run AIDA64 and open the stress test window not actually gonna stress test thoughplay your game for a little bit, when this happens quit and check the stress test graph - it'll show you temperatures and you can see if this is the problem.there might be an easier/better way to do this but this is how I do it and has worked the charm for testing temps while overclocking.could also just run the stress test itself and see what temps you get - for me the stress test runs ~20 degrees hotter than most use that pushes it for instance, rendering in Premiere, although rendering in Mandelbulb3D tends to push the temps higher than anything else I've tried
your girlfriend gets home and asks you through the door where her macbook istrue story
I'm pretty sure part of it is voltage, overclocks usually require more voltage, but I suppose YMMV.I got some PNY 8 gig sticks at CL9/1866/1.5v, seemed to be the best balance of CAS latency, speed, and price I could find apparently the tradeoffs between CL and speed make performance differences negligible past 1866, but i've only come to this conclusion from things I've read which all seem consistent with this logic
I'm taking a class on A+ shutup I'm getting paid for it and we had a question today on how many threads a quad core processor has. I thought it was a bit vague because it depends on HT and all that, but apparently the answer was just 8. I thought quad core i5s for example have only 4 threads? Who's the twat here, me or the teacher?
how the fuck do i get rid of this?also where did this come from? i definitely haven't updated in the last few days and it just showed up today
Wow, it's not like we have a sticky with over 1400 posts or anything.
Is it necessary to have an antivirus?Or you can just check your system with Malwarebytes from time to time?
Common Sense 2k17 paired with MBAM
If you need someone to tell you whether you need it or not, then yes you need an antivirus
I use a combination of MBAM and Spybot because Spybot can catch things that MBAM doesn't detect
I just use this superior OSX. No viruses there.
I'll just leave this here:
What's better prevent STDs or just heal them time to time?
Prevetarion is better so just install gentoo and wear a fedora. Best birth control there is.
Some sites carry malicious stuff intentional or unintentionally even if you aren't retarded and click every exe you see, you need a fucking AV for windows
MBAMis there a version of MBAM I can download that isnt a full installer? like just a zip file of the program with the latest virus defs i can use to scan a system without having to install anything?
Is it necessary to have an antivirus?Yes, but only if you're retarded. Are you?
-Bitdefender Free version-Malwarebytes Premium ID and key easily found onlineIf that doesn't keep you safe, I don't know what will.
class="quote"The server packet logs showed an ordinary number of bad packets, all error corrected. During the download the client dropped the connection. The client packet logs were very different. There was a surprising number of bad incoming packets. Almost none of these bad packets showed in the server logs for the same session. These packets appeared to be injected into the packet stream. This is an MITM/MOTS attack, specifically a packet injection attack.Not being retarded still won't make you immune to packet injection.
just use defender. adwcleaner wont hurt either. everything else is senseless sheit!
Bitdefender Free version/g/ told me this sucks ass.
It has a seriously limited interface and apparently bugs aren't uncommon for many. But, it performs excellent in tests and I've yet to encounter noticeable bugs myself, so I'll stick to my word for now.If not Bitdefender Free, I'd go for Avira Free, which I have on my laptop.
Just wondering waht you guys think about the new 980ti.Pleas keep the nvidihomo, AMDicks comments to a minimum.
Dem cuda cores. SRS doe looks good. Everyone reviewing it is a shill, but its pretty much a titan x. Throw a water block on it and oc it to high hell
I'm considering selling my 780 Ti and upgrading to this. That way I can finally getting around to buying that 1440p@144Hz monitor.
970 is almost as good as a 980 at a much lower costevery should buy a 970turns out it's gimped980ti is almost as good as a Titan X at a much lower cost
 gimped Titan X
What's up with GPU nowadays, back then you would decide between a 150€ GPU and a 300-400€ GPU.Now you have to decide between a 600€ GPU and 1000€ GPU, I don't like this trend.
people buying nothing but nvidia which ends up in pretty much a monopoly
also inflation is a thing, tech getting smaller is pushing up manufacturing cost I would think, but about this gpu... I wont be upgrading my 970, since all I do is play Counter-Strike :\ but I am curious about the performance verse the Titan X
5 years for prices to pretty much double or triple is way too much
ikr lol xD
It is how nvidia works. Release a fast card, claim its the best so everyone goes and buys it, then release the full chip 6 months later which pretty much does force the fanboys to double dip.It clearly works as /g/ generally defends the practice.
Anyone who bought a Titan X won't switch until 2016. I have one and will wait for the GP200 Titan.
A year before upgrading is insane unless you simply have money to burn.
Why would anyone buy it when the 390x comes out in like a month at like the same exact price
Well... these GPUs are really for enthusiasts and richfags. Normalfags can still do well with a 300 USD card. Even lower price too.I will buy a 980Ti, won't have to upgrade in many years.
Because it turns out 390x /= FijiGet with the times, grandpa
What the fuck are you talking about
Fiji is going to be part of a new line called Fury.The 390x will not be a fiji card.
Quit being retarded and google things yourself.
OK, what the hell do I have to Google to find that out because 390x, fiji or any variation of the two brings up the same shit.
Whats the difference between EVGA 4991, 4992, ect?
ACX boards and superclocked
wait what..you bought a 970 only for CS?I could run that shit on integrated graphics.
It's still going to have HBM so who gives a shot what they call it
The 390x is currently believed to be a respin of hawaii with 8gb GDDR5.
Looks great. I'm going to get 2 in order to finally have a GPU setup that can handle 4K with some breathing room.
Pretty much this.Ultra settings 60fps require the best card, maybe even two of them to run smoothly, especially with higher resolutions.High settings at 1080p you'll get steady ~40fps with some above mid tier card from couple of years ago.Seems to be the case with some of the newer games.And in the end, there's not even that much of a difference between ultra and high.
6 GB VRAMBreathing roomNice tryFor one its OK but not twoIll wait for the X to drop until I get a second oneTime to play Me3 in 4K @20% load
I'll upgrade from my 980's assuming EVGA let's me use their step up program.And, i can always sell the second 980 I have since I believe EVGA will only take one.
Oh, and at 1440p I think the 6GB of VRAM will help.
It won't, but vram is the new blast processing.
Are there going to be Gigabyte. Asus etc versions of the 980TI?
It's still going to have HBMNo, it's not. That's what people meant by "not Fiji" GPU. The 390x is currently believed to be a rehashed 290/295 or whatever the fuck.
But at 1440p? I understand why 4K seems like it needs more too.
It's a good card, but people should keep in mind that it only keeps up to the TitanX because of a 20% overclock from boost 2.0  It may not have much more headroom than that without water, anywayAlso an overclocked 980 isn't as far behind as people think. That extra $150 price tag is hard to justify for 1440p, but most people in that price range will just buy the biggest and baddest without thinking about what they actually need.
As a rule 4gb is good enough for 1440p and 4k on current cards for what a game needs. You see a lot of bloated claims of memory usage due to DX generally caching shit into memory and never letting it go simply because it is there. One review of the titan x had CoD:AW eating over 7gb of vram - yet the 4gb cards weren't dropping frames because they could not meet demand.Think of it this way, by the time a game absolutely must have 6gb of vram to run your 980ti won't be powerful enough to play at max settings.Looking further as well, anyone buying a high end card now should be aboard the DX12/Vulkan hype train and both API's open up memory management to the developer, so we might see reported ram usage go down simply because shit isn't be cached for the sake of it.
you can't really compare an OC'd 980 to a 980ti at stockbase for base, it's a decent upgrade and if you can get $400-450 for your used 980, it's worthwhile
I think from the point of view as a consumer you really should though.If you're looking to do 1440p/60 FPS, an overclocked 980 will do that even if it doesn't look like it will in benchmarks.  I tend to fall into the "Upgrade often" rather than "Buy the biggest card to last really long" because as the 780Ti and Titan black are showing, they really really don't last that long.  Spending less now and less tomorrow works out better than spending twice as much now.
For 1080P, I don't feel like I need to upgrade from my 780. I can't max Inquisition, and ENB could still run better in Skyrim, but seeing as I don't play all the newest titles, I don't feel the need. Maybe I'll get one, maybe I won't. I have other parts of my computer I'd like to upgrade first.
if we're considering each card's MAX performance, then we have to consider both overclockedif we're trying to satisfy a resolution/fps requirement, then sure, you can look at the minimum card required, and in that case, an OC'd 980 would probably worka lot of people buying a 980ti will be doing it either because 1 they want THE best I know titan x is still better, but 980ti is pretty high or 2 to future proofI agree with you though, top of the line cards are dumb. the best cards are generally in the $200 bracket as they can last 2-3 years, whereas a flagship will probably only last 4 years, and if you own a flagship, you probably won't be satisfied with medium settings 3 years laterhad 560 ti, got it in 2011replaced it with a used 7970 for $200 in 2014won't need to seriously replace it until hopefully 2016and by then, even the 780 ti guys will need to replace their cards
Would a 980ti be absolute overkill for 1080p gaming? I was thinking I could use it for a good 5 years without needing an upgrade that way.
Yes, it's overkill for 1080P, GTX 980 is only slightly slower at that resIt's really meant for 1440P users
I supposed as much. Guess I'll just get a 980 with pricedrop and wait for Volta in 2018 or something. Thanks
I have a 770 at 1080p right now. I intend on upgrading to a 980ti before the end of the month. I'm tired of not being able to max shit at even 1080p with consistent 60fps. That said I intend on upgrading to a 1440p/144hz monitor soon.
not realizing directX 12 stacks vram so anon would have 12gb
absolute overkill for 1080p gamingwith current games, most likely witcher 3 @ ultra 1080p, 980 only gets 56 fps, so not EVERY gameif you look at the reviews for the 980ti, you'll notice there's virtually no 1080p benchmarks, which should say it allin the future with more advanced physics, eg stuff other than resolution like tressFX/hairworks, definitely you'll need a better card in a few years, but honestly, a $650 card today will be the equiv of a $200 card in 3 years
Option being available =/= devs implementing it.Pic is the comment that started all this off.
We still have yet to see how well this will be implemented, so I'd keep my pants on if I were you.
For DX12 games
is it worth to upgrade my 6950 to a 970?
performance so close to the titanX as to make no difference400 cheaperthat faggot who bought the two titanX gpus must be soo pissed right now lol
"Although they were announced today alongside Nvidia's new GPU, GTX 980 Ti G1 Gaming cards won't be available for purchase until late June. Gigabyte hasn't announced final clock speeds yet, either."Windforce cards eta late Junedo any of the other aftermarket cards  asus/msi have confirmed timeframes? acx 2.0 cards are out but no thanks
3.5
My EVGA step up only gets me a 4991 ACX. Do the things like backplates and superclocking make that much of a difference? I'm not trying to push the card to the max, just want something reliable with 144hz 1440
Hi there!You seem to have made a bit of a mistake in your post. Luckily, the users of 4chan are always willing to help you clear this problem right up! You appear to have used a tripcode when posting, but your identity has nothing at all to do with the conversation! Whoops! You should always remember to stop using your tripcode when the thread it was used for is gone, unless another one is started! Posting with a tripcode when it isn't necessary is poor form. You should always try to post anonymously, unless your identity is absolutely vital to the post that you're making!Now, there's no need to thank me - I'm just doing my bit to help you get used to the anonymous image-board culture!
You can usually tell how well an upcoming card will perform based on the competitor's market moves. A well priced 980ti probably means AMD will also deliver
why do you think he's no longer posting? he's in hiding from shame.
Don't need no nothing more powerful right now, but might as well buy it now because I don't see GPUs, or especially mid range cards going up in performance in the future. 1060 will be like what 960 was to 760 and so on. GTX 970 would have been perfect, but the 3.5GB maymay made me not purchase one because even 4GB is on the lower end. I was actually expecting 8GB models to be released.
Buying this so I'll be set for 4-6 years. I only play on 1080p anyway.
Not at 1440p 144hz and the more fps you have the less input delay youll get
the people that bought 970s are still here aren't they?
A 670ti costs about $150 and only recently has mine been unable to run games at ultra 1080p
at 30fpson non demanding games
My opinion is why the fuck would you buy a deprecated GDDR5 card when pascal is right around the corner with HBM.
i just read an article that shows nvidia getting their shit pushing in by a 290x in dx12. apparently amd rapes when they have a level playing field.  intredasting if true.
For people like myself with a 770 who are tired of struggling with games. Besides why would I buy a deprecated HBM2 card when HBM3 is right around corner after pascal?
pushed insorry im tired
Are you new or something? There's always better shit on the horizon in tech. I'm not waiting a year for something I know will also be trumped in the coming months anyway.
350$ mistake versus a 2000+$ mistakebig diff bro thats a used car right therenigger is riding the public bus masturbating to the uber gaming rig he has back at his parents house
But this is one of these things that are worth waiting for. Its memory will be a LOT faster, if you buy 980 Ti now don't expect it to last as long as a 1080 Ti will last.
Why buy a 1080ti when the 2080ti is just around the corner with HBM4 :^
Yeah, and Volta is already said to be much faster than Pascal. Waiting never earns you anything in tech. You will always yearn for that newer, better, faster thing they announce.
www.theinquirer.net/ inquirer/ news/ 2400163/ gtc-2015-nvidias-next-gen-gpu-pascal-will-be-10-times-faster-than-maxwellOk losers, enjoy your 10 times inferior GPU.
I'll enjoy my 40x better GPU in 2017, get fucked Pascal adopters.
I'll enjoy my 20 times better Volta GTX 1280 Ti, suck my dick faggot. :^
www.theinquirer.net/ inquirer/ news/ 2400163/ gtc-2015-nvidias-next-gen-gpu-pascal-will-be-10-times-faster-than-maxwellthey seem to be talking about compute performance.  it'll be 20-30% faster just like every year mark my words.
A lot of people are which is dumb, even though I can't afford a Titan I saw a lot of posts of people saying the Ti will be very similar to performance and cheaper as has happened before.Some people did it not caring, there are people who don't care about the price and just want THE best regardless. Not sure which one that guy is but if someone is pissed, then they didn't spend enough time researching.
This is why im waiting for the Fury. With AMD you have half a chance the card wont become useless within a year.
Just because a better card comes out doesn't mean your current card will be useless. That said if you're worrying about a better card coming out after you buy one then you probably should get your head checked.
my 780 had a good run.  just make sure to sell the old card while it's worth something but not when the new replacement is at peak price.  all about timing.  keeping your video card top notch cost about $33 a month after factoring in what you get for the old one.  not that expensive if you use it a lot.
Though will we get Volta at 14nm/16nm or will it be shelved until 10nm is available? Will 14nm-10nm transition take as long as the 28nm-20/16/14nm transition? Pascal is likely what I am waiting for, hoping that 4k@120hz Gsync is monitors show up CES 2016
Exact same situation/plan here.
Eh. I've been debating getting it. I've got  290x Tri-X right now and I love it. I'll wait until more benchmarks come out for it and the Fury, and make a decision probably based on Black Friday deals. My 290x could probably be great at 1080 for 3 more years and standard at 1440 for about 2. Or so I hope with DX12.
the raw bare metal power of the 290X in certain computeing functions is stronger than the TitanXparticularly in the field of Draw calls instructions per second and polygon rendering per secondthis wont tranlate into great performance than the titanX in most applications butit means there is a massive reserve of power in the hawaii arch that DX11 isnt using and DX 12 will usenvidia will get some extra performance out of DX12 but the benefit AMD will get from API's is game changing rendering more polygons per second than TitanX the fuck does that even mean?for a generic FPS shooter absolutely nothing but for an extreme detail open world RPG or MMORPG? it means everythingPascal is literally going to have to mimic GCN arch to a great extent to stay relevant
well the performance gap wasn't nearly as big as well, not to mention inflation.
2015not being able to enjoy top of the line graphics regardless of wha'ts coming around the corner
Any canadians know when the fuck are our retailers supposed to drop the prices of the 980s? I've already seen them being priced at $500 USD on the american side. Ours seem to want to fuck us in the ass a while longer.
will amd release the hbm card to compete with the 980ti price???
Only time will tell.
id assume so. there's no way it'll sell at $850. It'll have to drop to at least $750 before people will buy it. they'd be really bold to sell it at the same exact price as the 980 ti
That only matters when we finally know what kind of performance we're looking at.
fair enough. I just feel like AMD is gonna shoot themselves in the foot by having nothing to sell competively in the $400-800 range. That's where nvidia is ass raping them and cumming twice
kek
I have a 980. Worth the upgrade if I can do the Step Up with EVGA? I canIts really only another 100 dollars, I'm just worried about another 970 shitstorm. Any rumors to indicate that?
If you can step up go for it, otherwise don't bother, you're not looking at THAT big of an upgrade especially since you're coming from a 980. Also even if it's really 5.5GB which I'm almost positive isn't the case you're most likely never going to hit that anyway. Unless you're gaming on multimonitor 1440p, or 4k.
Whats wrong with acx 2.0 cards?
Probably getting a backplated EVGA one, I really don't like my reference 290X.
If I'm grabbing two 980ti's, should I bother waiting for the fancier models with higher speeds?  I've heard issues of the backplates blocking SLI placement.
some tests show they get pretty hot and start throtteling after running some minutes on max
As someone who's never built a gaming pc and plans to do so real soon,  I must say I have been very turned off the idea by reading comments and threads about the upcoming cards. I feel like the gfx card industry still moves too fast and is getting more expensive because of corporate greed instead of getting cheaper like most electronics do. That plus the stigma of everyone being forced into this upgrade cycle, why do they all feel the need to say "thinking about selling X and getting Y" right after something gets released, then instantly they are back on saying "oh no another card, looks like I need to sell!!" do these people even play games? That being said, I am waiting to see if Fiji is any good or if it is too early for hbm. The titan is way overpriced for just a bunch of ddr5 ram, and the 980ti is same but less ram. Unless Fiji really kicks it's as I will think about something cheaper and invest my money in something that doesn't lose half it's value in one year.
Was this meant for OP, or for   ?
The video game hardware industry helps drive computer hardware in general.  As stupid as it may seem at times, it is ultimately a force of good.
msi and evga are bringing the twin frozer and acx 2.0 coolers from the 980 straight on over unchanged to the 980ti. These 980 coolers worked okay to cool overclocked 165 watt tdp cards.980ti has a 250 watt tdp and from the early reviews and tests, runs hot and overclocks well. since high overclocks are already reporting up to a 20% gain over stock, you'd want the highest stable oc possible. the msi and evga coolers are underperforming and offer no ram or vrm cooling. thermal limits will suffer, and long term card life will suffer if modules are hitting over 100c like on the titan X
Put it simply, early adopters of the 980ti are retarded.
What's up with gas nowadays, it used to be like $0.75-1.25 a gallon, now it is like $2.75-4.00 a gallonFucking petrol shills
I think the early first month options are the gigabyte windforce, evga's hybrid clc cooler, or full custom loop on a refence board. maybe the asus 3-fan strix once we know what it can do
we will find out in 2weeks
I'm currently looking to use my step-up, but it looks like I can't choose the super clocked one. Anyways, I've still got 43 days to submit it so I guess I'll wait a bit till I can get the SC.
I will never understand graphic cards pass $300-$400,it's beyond me,I have the money but I just don't get it.Are you getting it for work?
even if you run nvidia surround on 3 monitors though?4k is the equivalent of roughly 4 1080 displays pixel wise. But then again most games stretch visibly in triple monitor due to FoV maybe it doesn't fully utilize the GPU for those two extra monitors.
You got older, games got bigger and harder to run. The game industry is only going to get more crowded, even though it's already full and everyone should fuck off.
because shillsthen again I have 2 laptops worth $2k each so im not one to talk haha
91 is ACX 2.0, no SC diff model, no backplate diff model for $65092 is ref blower, SC, no backplate not on any ref for $670
Because unoptimized console ports like the Witcher 3 or GTA 5 need one to run on ultra settings, and of course /v/irgins must play those games like the plebs they are. All the cool kids are playing them too!!!
dude whatever I bought the witcher 1 when it was brand new for 50 bucks and all the normies had never heard of it.
Don't care to much for it gonna use my GPU for another 8 years
So has the 390x lost it's window? If the 390x is like $900 like rumours say, that means it won't even have an advantageous price point against Nvidia and instead Nvidia will have the better price for value with the ti. I would rather support ATI because Nvidia are a monopolizing anti-consumer/anti-developer cuntbag, but I do have a fucking budget to live by as well.
I'm just waiting for the 5.5GB discovery.
By then memristors will be commercial.
Should I step up to the acx 2.0 ti from a 980 sc acx 2.0?
Still too expensive for a poorfag like me.
OC'd 980 to 1.5/8ghz for 500 bucks is a far better dealGood luck using more than 4GB's anyway if you are 1080p, which most people are, even 1440p 4GB is fine  But yeah if 4K maybe spend the extra 150
980ti will be my first sli.
Strix 980ti soonishWindforce 980ti 1moClassy 980ti 1moor wait for the crazy models
Does this mean I should expect the vanilla 980 cards to drop in price soon? How long does that usually take?
the press release yesterday stated price drop to $499 for 980s. should take a couple days
So when is the price drop for the 980 gtx coming?
What site gives an overview like this?
GTA Vnot optimized You literally have no idea what you are  talking about.
nowinstock
Wondering about UK, it seems they just want to jew everyone.
everyone talking about 4k, what about if I use 3 monitors on surround for racing games, a 980 does that job well, or must go ti/fuji for playing max settings?
980 will do for 3 times 1080p
My dad is an airline pilot with mainly European destinations, what are countries with good prices for graphics cards? I game at 1080p, might go for 1440p or 144hz this summer though. 970 seems a good deal but so does 980 when the price drop comes and i hope there will be a price drop in Europe dammit
just get the 980. if you get the 970 the 3.5 memers will never give you a break, regardless of the fact that it's a decent card for the price
Welp I've done it, I bought a 980
I have been really itching to buy one for a long time but I will try and be patient hoping it will reward me. Always had nvidia cards, but I'm interested to see what AMD will bring.
Sorry I didn't know. I'm kinda new to 4chan
tfw your about to order a new computer but you have been waiting for this part and when your about to order it goes out of stock.Anyone know when there should be more?
Was wondering the same thing Canabro, I planned on buying a 980 a few weeks ago before I heard the ti release was imminent
Last nights thread barely went anywhere. Let's try again.Heard some rumors about a big Oneplus announcement tomorrow. What is it? Price drop? New hardware? Some other bullshit accessory not worth the shipping price?Also looking for a stable 5.1.1 rom. Any suggestions? Not too sure about CM nightlies right now.Also any Zenfone 2 owners? Hows that shit treating ya? Any news on rom support? Hows battery life?
They're most likely announcing the oneplusone 2, oneplustwo, one plus one equals 2. Whatever the fuck the name of the second generation would be.
L.E.T.V ONE PRO BTFO OFF EVERYTHING ON THE MARKET :^
Moto E is cheap the phones you listed are good value for money but not "cheap"
Also looking for a stable 5.1.1 rom
Take your no 4G chink back to asia
just got a moto e 4g LTE literally zero complaints, I actually prefer this thing over the nexus 5never buying expensive samshits or iPussys againvalhalla
Sub 400 dollar phones i feel like are cheap. Flagship specs for non flagship price should qualify.
how is the battery life? I thought the screen ppi was shit and had a bit of ghosting when things were moving around, but is it not that bad?
Getting 9+ hours screen on time with just a ROM and an app!
how? i get maybe 6.
oh its not bad at all. I'm usually one of those dudes that basically wants to kill himself if I'm staring at anything worse than a retina display, but so far the screen hasn't been bad and its had the best battery life out of the past 4 or so phones I've had, easily. 10/10 would recommend.
I love my ZenFone2 but I am willing to make a blood sacrifice to the chaos gods just to extend the damn battery life past 5 hours
MI4 here. Got it a few weeks ago.Coming from a Lumia 920 everything is so much better. Especially battery life.
i have a oneplus one and i love the size. is it not too small for you?
You forgot to mention the HTC one m8. I'm sure there's going to be an android m update for or soon
is the m8 still being supported? i feel like that shit is ancient now.
kek'd
Does it have a removable battery and sd card?
 Youis the m8 still being supported? i feel like that shit is ancient now.Probably not. I was referring to custom ROMs because who prefers stock, anyway?
25R and greenifyI personally wish it were bigger, but I'm in the minority I'm sure, I'd like a phone about the size of the Nvidia shield
OnePlus is the name of the company.One is the name of their first phone.So it stands to reason that if they announce a new phone tomorrow it will likely be the OnePlus Two.
25R and greenifythe fuck is so special about 25r? only people i've ever seen vouch for 25r for this holy grail of battery life are the punjabs on the oneplus forums
yay or nay
redmi 2's fat ass bezel is ugly as fuck. no.
Zenfone 2 or Moto G?
zenfone 2 no question. moto g even second gen is way underpar spec wise compared.
cheap phone general and no mention of brand new unlocked lg g2s? shit can be had under $200 burgerbucks all day on many different carriers. has solid rom support, and even on aosp based roms like cm12 you're getting flagship performance and 5-6 hours of screen on time with no tweaks.
Switching to T-Mobile soon and I want a phone for at max $175, preferably closer to $100 or $150, or less if the phone is good enough.What's the best in this range?
what theme are you using on cm12?
moto G second gen. add 25 bucks to that budget and zenfone 2 is your choice.
No LTE?  And where can I get a ZenFone 2 for $200?
OP here. Oneplus One, i don't use a theme. Are there any good ones?about the no lte.
Internet
Where's the hyphen in forty-eight?
I edited the zooper script to not show one. I like it just capitalized to distinguish the two numbers.
But it looks ugly.
2u
yeahwhogivesafuckabouttheestablishedrulesanymoreilljuststopusingpunctuationandspacingaswell
how can someone be this autistic with a clocks punctuation
What does /g/ think of BLU phones?They're less than $200, some look bretty good.
I've played with some at MicroCenter once and they're fucking god awful
How so?
Build is attrocious, and they were really slow. Like mind numbingly so. Maybe they've gotten better but I'd do a lot of homework before even considering one.
Did you uninstall/freeze all bloat?
I love the way the black vivo air looks. as for how they run i have no idea but:I would NEVER trust a display unit at any store. especially micro center. they always get fucked around with by customers a bit too much and a lot of bloat gets thrown on them running in the background and fucks performance out the ass. i do like reviews that show a lot of raw hands on though. 
phonearena
i don't care where it comes from so long as most of the video is them covering all bases and playing around with it in their hands.
buying anything but an iPhonePoorfag
Can someone post that graphic with /g/ approved apps or something like that.
How is the Xiaomi Redmi 2?Is it full Chinese botnet?Is there even a better phone in the 150 range?
yes/yes read the thread
Why won't my huawei ascend mate 7 set the default launcher to nova launcher? Am I going to be stuck with this?
Guys, I have a serious problem. I think it's time to upgrade my phone but it's the HD2 so it's kinda tough to find a worthy successor.What chipsets are the best supported by custom ROM devs Cyanogen, Paranoid, Replicant?
Go into nova launchers settings. there should actually be an option to set it there.
snapdragon chips seem to get the most support.it's usually a combination of snapdragon/krait/adreno.
snapdragon, and the phone is OPO since it has many custom ROMs
It doesn't work, it just goes back to the stock launcher.
go into your manage apps option, and go to the all tab. look for the exact app that your default launcher is and see if you can reset defaults on your stock launcher.
ah wait, i just looked it up, you have to set it some retard ass way. here's the proper steps it seems.
How is the Xiaomi Redmi 2?It's just fine. Would suggest the 2GB variant, though, which -I think- still is closer to $180 than $150If you don't, the $100 Redmi 1S might be the better deal.Is it full Chinese botnet?No.Is there even a better phone in the 150 range?Depending on your needs, yes, but for many uses, it's a very good phone.
Thanks
I hope they update to 5.1. Here's my battery life with all bloat disabled/frozen. Pretty average
Looking for a cheap phone myself. Tmobile store has certified pre-owned S4 for about $300 or less. Waiting to see how much an S5 is.Worth the upgrade between the two?
Guys, what's the best dual-SIM phone? I was looking at the Zenfone 2 but it's Intel, and due to some development work I would prefer if I stay ARM.Any recommendation? Price doesn't matter much.
he owns a chink phonehe doesn't own a lumia phone no wonder you can't get a gf.
Got a Zenfone 2, 4GB ram version. For some weird reason or another, messaging people and watching videos/streams seem to drain my battery at the same rate.Also, messaging people while using the quick charger brings my phone to 47 degrees, and the phone starts lag-spiking.
Could any Ausfags tell me any complications that could come up when buying a Chinese phone? looking at Xiaomi REDmi 1 or 2The piece of shit I have right now only has Android 2.6 and doesn't have a front facing camera. I really need to upgrade. But I'm incredibly cheap.
Bought a xperia s from an idiot friend who got a new s5, got the xperia s for $30 after talking him into how bad it was kek. Just flashed cm12.2. The battery is old and is about 1.7 mah and I'm on WiFi and browsing clover and getting about 3 hours from full charge. Is this normal? Should I get a power bank?
shills a phone brand stolen from Mongols that is made by Vietnameseinsults chinkphones
I have a Lumia and the only thing that drives me crazy about it is how retarded the file system is. If you download an mp3 from your dropbox, that shitty fucking music app does not recognize it. I have to copy them from the PC and pray to Odin that they appear in the library. Other than that, it's worth the measly price.
angry nigger
stolen from mongolswut?
and it's designed by fucking legendary Nokia, you imbecile. you should be supporting it just because of that simple fact.
How ?
So what is it boys the now $300 Oneplus One or the always $300 Asus Zenfone 2??
zenfone 2 or xperia compact? What would you choose?
oneplus one no question. beat in every aspect including rom support. it's developer heaven. zenphone 2 has fucking nothing.
terms of build quality xperia. in terms of specs for cheap, zf2.
$300 OP has like 16gb storage with no expandability $300 Zenfone is 64gb with micro SD and dual Sim and 4gbAnd the opo you have to pay shipping for, which ends up to be like $330.You can get a $199 zenfone shipped to your door for free and it has 16gb and expandability. The 64gb opo cost $390 after shipping and for an extra $10 you can buy 2 zenfones
Moto g 4g. Runs everything fine. Good screen. I don't know why someone needs anything more expensive expect for better camera.
Is honor 6 still relevant?smaller but better than OPO imoonly 297€
Moto g 4g. Battery sucks for me I'll probably get a charging bank for travelling.
Unless the OnePlus Two has a MicroSD card slot then I'm not interested
it's also almost the same thing compared with mi4but since mi4 cant into SD card and lacks build quality, for me H6 is clearly the winner here
On my Moto g.Battery sitting at about 23%I really do love this thing
Xperia Z ultra is 275 bucks now.Should I? Or is it too old already? Snapdragon 800 2.2ghz and 2gb ram
are you 8'6?
Yes. 8 6 king of manlets. Barely making it.Now what about the phone?
Moto G 3rd gen when?
I would like to know this too.
What's the best cheap phone from pandawill.com? :____
I'd recommend the OPO.  Better battery life and all the flaws have already surfaced.
I have like $150 to buy a new phone. Can you recommend me something?
wangblows phoneis this shit still alive?
so should i buy a one plus one? Is it still good? I remember reading there were some problems with it, minor but some. Maybe software updates made it better?
Opo is Chinese
the 64gb oneplus one is now $300 and the top-end zenfone 2 is also $300
Probably the screen that's destroying your battery. The latter is probably heat induced CPU throttling but 47c doesnt sound like THAT much.
Wow thx m8 didn't know that
anyone had any experience with wireless charging.  thinking about getting this for my nexus 5.  seems legit.
I don't get the idea of wireless charging. I mean, it's objectively worse in every way:efficiency of potatoextra bulk on the phonecan't use the phone while chargingWhat's the advantage?
So is this ZenFone 2 battery issues actually software, or is Asus just bullshitting us?
They're software if pretty bloated so I could believe it. Wait for the BL unlock and custom roms. You won't be sorry. Or just wait for an official OTA update
So is it worth getting the OPO since it's 249 eur now? I'm fucking desperate to upgrade from my LG L7
yes. it was worth it before.i bet they will permanently mark it down when the new model releases.im personally hoping for an sdcard slot and maybe longshot the few missing LTE bands for US LTE.
Bought a Moto G.Lost it.Looked into more expensives options. Was not convinced.Bought Moto G again, was on sale, half price.Feels good.
Actually the Zenfone 2 destroys the OPO in benchmarks.
I'm rocking my new zenfone 2 right now and I'm loving it so far. The complaints people in reviews have had are in reality non issues
low res A$AP Rocky cover artDisgusting.
thats synthetics though.i think in real-world they are pretty comparable.im still holding off on zenfone due tox86heatbatteryif x86 chips can get the battery under control and assuming there are no hiccups in using an x86 instead of an ARM or similar chip, then id certainly consider making the jump
cheap phonesall those phoneshahahapic related is a cheap crappy phone. I have it its actually ok considering its water proof, removeable pattery + microsd, was $20, runs kitkat and is $35 a month

hey guys could I get a recomondationlooking for a phonethat supports external sd cardhas gpsdecent battery lifeI'm going to be using as a general podcatcher and taking it camping
OnePlus One is $50 off this week only. I have a Nexus 5 I have had since launch. There is a broken screen that will cost about $150 to fix. Is it worth it to just buy the OnePlus One?
i cannot see how it wouldnt be.other options in the price range would be lg g2 or another chinese phone with less community support, less radios and mostly lower specs.
yeah its really tempting. my Nexus 5 is still fully functioning, and I actually just flashed Android M on it, so I'm kind of not sure about what I should do.
Cheap phone fam
get a zenfone 2
moto g 2nd gen is an option too, as is zenfone2, depending on what you are looking for.wipe the nexus and sell it on ebay to offset the cost. someone will snatch it up and replace the screen themselves.
noi think i want a bigger screen if i were to get a new phone. selling my Nexus 5 is an option, even if i would only get $100 for it
Broke my 1520, contract up in a monthAs a stopgap measure until the new flagships come out with Win10 at the end of the year, and rather than pay a $150 deductible, I picked this up for $50 at my local AT&T store.Nokia Lumia 635:-Corning Gorilla Glass 3-LTE-Windows Phone 8.1 Denim-1.2 GHz quadcore-1 GB RAM-microSD up to 128 GB-removable batteryA steal imo
doesn't know how to use technologyblames it on Windows phone, the simplest phoneWhat the fuck are you doing?You can torrent full albums directly into the music hub no matter where on the disk you save it.Why are you being a dumbass and downloading mp3s from dropbox?
Cheap? Look no further.
does it run stock android?
Cheap build and software quality? Look no further. FTFY
5.0 with shitty ASSUS pre-installed apps. Ugggh
Just bought a moto g lte, hope you shills get paid
Moto G, Idol 3 or Zenfone?
lost /fit/izen hereI bought a refurbished 1st gen Moto X for $199. Just upgraded to lollipop 5.1It's breddy gud
Anyone use Tracfone? I was thinking of getting a Moto E on Tracfone since I barely ever call anyone and would most likely just use my phone on WiFi most of the time.I figure you can't beat $20 for 3 months of service. I was just wondering how the service is.
Except it doesn't really.Also enjoy shittier battery life than the opo
sorry you're too stupid to uninstall the apps, Byron.For all the white people with an IQ: the apps may be completely uninstalled.
Literally things you could Google
Doesn't stop it from having absolutely no ROM support and dismal battery life for a 3k mah battery compared to the alternatives
Is the OPO sale over?
I currently have a Verizon Moto E while staying with my folks.  I was looking at a Droid Razr Maxx HD XT926M 32GB listed on eBay for $99.  The Moto E lags so hard.  I want android because...  Any suggestions other than the Razr Maxx?
Idol 3 isn't even in the running, processor is last gen. Same with Moto G, it's just old. I'd look at the LG G2 Refurb, eBay or Zenfone 2, if not a Oneplus One.
Overall battery life is exceptional, it's the screen that hogs battery.
I already have most of my music downloaded and I keep some files in dropbox in case I need them. It shouldn't matter where I'm downloading from. The phone should be able to tell if said file is music or not. Android does this. Why can't WP?
it has only 512mb of ram actually, but it's still fairly fluid
lmao that doesn't matter, you can't download a file from onedrive into your SD card because the music player won't recognize it, yes it's fucking microsoft's fault for not paying attention to shit like this, no wonder WP can't grow I mean holy fucking shitnot him and I say this as a big WP fan
1+1cheapayy
Re-posting what I typed a while back, nothing's changed. Also, Zenpower when?Owner of Zenfone 2 ZE551ML w/2GB RAM since it's Thai release about a month ago. Anyway, here's my take on the phone.The good- My model at 1.8GHz is smooth as fuck, I haven't noticed any lag at all.- Charges fast with the charger that comes with this model and the best one, but many other phones have this so I don't know if it's a standard or not.- Quick updates. There's been at least 3 software updates since I got this phone and they fix bugs and/or add shit.- Double tap to turn off and on is handy, as well as the gestures to activate apps from sleep. I've set it to open the flashlight by making a Z while the screen's off and the flashlight doesn't need me to unlock the phone unlike other apps so it's basically instant.- The Dual LED is very bright to the point where it hurts to look directly at it.- There's heaps of settings to muck around with thanks to Zen UI and Lollipop like setting apps to disable on startup, double tapping the home button to make the screen show in a small rectnagle if you have manlet hands.- The model I bought was from eBay at $378 Ausbucks from Thailand but it was in perfect condition so I'm assuming eBay is a good option if the phone's cheaper there.- I'm using a circle flip case pointless if you have an Android watch but it's handy to just show the time, texts, calendar, weather and more but the knock off I bought is shit since this only works if the cover is moved in a certain way to the phone's sensors so be aware of these chink cases. But when it works, it works great.- Other stuff mentioned in news sites and Zenfone reviews- Battery life is good actually improved after removing some of the bloat- Some cools apps like PC Link emulate phone screen on PC, Remote Link uses phone as a remote for slideshows and such, Splendid lets you adjust screen for more coolness, warmth, reading and more. I'll explain the bad soon.
Cont. The bad- My 2GB of RAM model can rarely have more than 500MB available, even after stopping some services and such. Either Lollipop, Zen UI or both are to blame. And all I have running in the background are Google's services, maybe one Asus service, browser, some basic apps like Phone and Messenger and a simple app in the foreground like a Piano or Chrome, not even any games.- Bloat. I could uninstall updates for most apps, but they can't be disable and still lurk around the app tray.- You may not be a fan of the hardware buttons like the power button up top but I just double tap to turn off, volume rocker is hard to reach with a case and back, home and recent just make the phone taller and more awkward to handle if manlet.- No water resistance as far as I know.- Not many rooting options yet, though will hopefully change soon.- I have had 2 random reboots for some reason over the past month; could be shitty ram management or something else.- All unofficial accessories are dodgy from my Zenfone experience so I'd wait a little or unless a seller is trusty.The neutral- Camera isn't impressive. I find it worse than my original Xperia Z and probably none of the effects are useful other than the GIF, HDR and panorma ones.- Don't be fooled by the 3,000 mAH battery. Earlier I said the battery was fine and it is, but it's barely any different from my Xperia Z so it's nothing spectacular, just average for getting through the day and a bit.- Speaker sounds loud but something seems off about it. I'm no audiophile but I guess it's a little... washed out? Muddy? But it is loud and fine. Maybe some audio profiles from the AudioWizard app could fix this.
my friend has 300 dollarsASUS Zenfone 2 for $289 AUDorMotorola Moto G 2nd gen for $229 AUD?
Zenfone 2 is like 800 in my country, this is going to shit.
Has and will not get ROM support
This. I'm dying to replace my phone. They released the Moto E 2nd gen in February so I'm hoping they're planning to release another G in summer and then the X in September.
Heyo. I have some concerns about RAM. Should I aim for at least 3GB of RAM for my new phone or a cheap 2GB one is still able to do the trick for years to come? I'm considering pic related phones but OPO and LG G2 as well
, 
/g/'s opinion about it?
let's write desktop applications in javascript guys!!people are writing full blown applications built upon countless layers of abstraction instead of proper C++i want this ride to end
It's incredibly slow and resource intensive.
Web "developers", wasting as many resources as possible because all they know is JS and PHP.
Oh, but it's just beginning, and there are people actually defending it.
Web devs needs to be gassed.Most of them don't even realize how bloated their websites are since they're on company issued computers with high-end hardware.
Great, I love when my booleans are stored as Numbers
Booleans are floats. Everything in JS is a float.
It's fuzzy logic.
blame c++ for being shit to write desktop applications in

I don't even like C++ and I'll agree that it's better than javascript.
I'd rather write Desktop Applications in Python or Lua
Desktop ApplicationspythonDisgusting.LuaFull on brain damage.
But Anon, it's great! Finally we can write programs like we did 15 years ago, almost as fast, too!
This can't be happening.Intel's latest offerings are only 4% faster than last years.CPUs as a whole aren't getting ANY faster, we can't keep writing bloated JS programs written in scripting languages and passing them off as desktop software.
You've got some real hot opinions, anon.
Name 5 popular and useful desktop applications written in python.Do the same for Lua.
nice opinionbut anonif you can't just import everythingit's too hard for code monkeysyou expect way too much
Writing stuff like that is ok if you want to have a multiplatform UI, provided you make the biggest part of your program in other language. But nw.js is better, electron is just made for atom.
I only know World of Warcraft addons written in luadidn't think it was used for anyhing else than interface scripts for games
Sorry, I forgot the only /g/ approved language is assembly, because anything else is too easy.
I like javascript.
assemblynot machine codepleb
implying it's not 1:1
Seriously, i understand they want SJWs to get into coding and their fuckup called JS is easy enough for them. But This shit has to stop. JS is terrible, it's a collection of hacks, look at "5" == 5 = true. This is just plain stupid, if You Need cross platform babby tier coding, get something byte compiled like Java or C#. Any other application should use C++ with Qt for example.
Proper C++Is that C++, C++03, C++0x/11, C++14 or Bell Labs C++ aka C with Classes?
Any other application should use C++ with Qt for example.Completely honest, Why?I can save time by developing in something simple and push out the application faster without having to worry about anything on the lower level.Which in turn saves the company money, saves me time and nerves, makes my boss happy and in the end it gets me paid.What does C++ give me that other languages don't? Performance is not relevant
Performance is not relevant
Intel's latest offerings are only 4% faster than last years.the date
ASUS ROG Swift144hzIPS1440pHoly fuck, based ASUS.
1440p2015Buying anything marketed towards gaymers
literally bought some no name korean 1440p ips monitor 3 years ago for a quarter of the price for this and still works flawlessly, enjoy your overpriced gaymur shite
60hz and 20ms delay?
ROG
I love my WQHD for programming.
I like text to be readable on a monitor. Until I see a Windows 10 or GNU-Linux deployment demonstrating appropriately scaled text in a 4K resolution, I'm sticking with 1440p.
being this poor
I was gonna buy one. But I decided to wait and see how the were.Turns out tons of them have dead pixels, terrible bleed, weird motion blur fuckups.So yeah, these 144hz ips screens seems like they need a couple of more models before it's good.
Now for only €699!
, 
What happened to mp3 players?I've been looking for one to listen to audio books on, but it seems like they're rare and relatively expensive for what they are. Many I've seen aren't a huge price drop down from low end budget android tablets, and the ones that are are shittastic no screen, measly 2-4GB storage with no options for expansion, still costs like $20+ in 2015 where I can buy a 64GB USB for less.Are mp3 players truly dead? Should I just give up and get a tablet? Australian, mind you. Don't know if it's just our country that has this problemPic related: The Sandisk Sansa Clip+ has a laughably tiny monochrome display with 4GB storage yet still costs $50+, why would I not spend the extra $15-$30 on an android tablet? Why is this thing even so expensive in this day and age? I swear I was paying around the same price for similar devices several years ago. It at least has a microSD slot, but it still seems way over-priced.Another doozy I've seen is a Sony 4GB USB-style walkman that doesn't even have an microSD slot... for $70. What a joke, even though Australia has generally bad tech prices I can still get a few different 7" 8GB android tablets with microSD slots for around that price.
Aforementioned walkman
The Clip is the best bang-for-buck mp3 player going. I'm sorry that you live in Australia and have to pay out the arse for things.
Australia
I guess it's just Australia then. I know Australia is a shithole for tech prices, but with mp3 players it's just disproportionate. I could walk into a store right now and buy a 16GB USB for like $8, yet a 4GB walkman is $70, which is also about what I'd have paid for a 4GB mp3 player 5+ years ago. I don't understand what the deal is
I need something to play music on too, but all the MP3 players were shit so I got $100 lenova tablet. Has Dolby audio so i guess it was made for music playing
Just get an Android phone for cheap, man. MP3's have been replaced by phones entirely. Just get an Android and PowerAmp or something.
needed* im high as shit
RIP in peace dollar store MP3/Card Reader combo dongles ;~;7
Every time I bought a shit mp3 it would fuck with my computer's wallpaper. Damn chinks
Get a Clip+ from eBay for $15/$20 and throw in a $15 32GB sd card.Boom.40GB mp3/ogg player with bad ass battery life and audio quality for $40 and it barely takes up any space. I've never had any regrets buying mine.
What happened to mp3 players?Smartphones
I got a hip-street MP3 player from Walmart for like $25.  I just use it at the gym.  Its small, holds a lot of music, stands up to massive abuse/dropping/sweat etc...  sound is good enough.  Gym is really the only place I see lots of people use actual MP3 players.  In this age of $800 dollar phones you would be silly to use it in a gym environment IMO.
people got stupid and started to use their phones as music players
wut?
Yeah, it's obviously smarter to carry 2 devices, one of which can do the things the other one can and more without adversely impacting its own battery life.What kind of idiot wouldn't want to have to carry only 1 thing when he can carry 2 redundant  PoS?
Get a Clip+ from eBay for $15/$20 and throw in a $15 32GB sd card.I can buy a 32GB microSD card for $15, yet on eBay all listings for an 8B Clip+ are $80-$100 also, half of the listings are from Israel.
a person who rather have one device for one purpose. i just need a phone that can make calls & send/recieve sms. everything else is unnecessary bloat that drains battery
Welcome to the 21st century.
are you 40?
i like technology, but not bloat, feature creeping.35 actually
How exactly is using your phone for music bloat? It'll shave off maybe an hour at most off your battery. Anon would rather pay $100~ for a phone, then pay another $50-200 for a MP3 player instead of paying $100~ for a phone.
i prefer dumbphones, which no smart functions, just calling & SMS. I only charge my battery once a week
And, again, welcome to the 21st century.
& send/recieve smsWhy do you need that, if phone calls work perfectly fine? Seems redundant to me
and again, "new" doesn't aromatically equal better.fancy interfaces & snazzy functions doesn't make an device more effective. that is just pandering to the technologically impaired so they buy products they don't really need
What's a good player with a good quality screen? I'm all about muh album art.
your smartphone
Still rocking a Cowon J3.Haven't found a decent replacement for it yet.
because that's how most people communicate these days. at least in my experience
automatically
I prefer dedicated devices.
So? Phones are for making calls, why have 2 forms of communication that accomplish the same goal?
sometimes you just want to ask an not so urgent question or such. if someone is working they might not have the time to answer.also it's a good way to send info, such as phone numbers, adresses or descriptions.it's also a way to communicate silently, in those situations when you can't speak openly. like sitting on the bus or taking a shit at work.
i can see what you're trying to do here but it doesn't really make sense
email already does all of those things perfectly fine, for free, without needing a dedicated device
i just got a sansaclip + with 8 gb last friday, it cost me $37
but my friends & coworkers send sms, i need to be able to receive.
A Clip+ and a 32GB microSD card for ~50$ is nothing.
iPod Classic my friend :^
I still have my Zune 30gb I got when it first came out and it works flawlessly. I also have a Zune HD. Good times.
Smartphones happened. Sansa clip will always remain useful for the average runner or sport enthusiast though. But this is /g/ no one is physically active here.
NZfag using a Philips GoGear Vibe 4GB that I bought from DickSmith for $60 or something. Gets the job done, FLAC support, slightly shit GUI.
MP3 playerIt's called a digital music source, please.
It's called Digital Audio Player DAP you pleb
I've pondered the idea of buying a cheap prepaid smartphone with a microSD slot and using it as an mp3 player, but I doubt it would match the sound quality of my Clip+.Plus there's the matter of physical buttons.Fuck trying to adjust a touchscreen player in your pocket.
Just settle for a 4gb one. It's not like you actually need the internal storage with a microsd. Plus with rockbox you should be able to use sdxc cards instead of just sdhc.

Settle down autismo.OGG will never be relevant to anyone.
Get a Fiio X1
Still got one, put a 64GB CompactFlash card in it years ago, no issues. Still the best DAP ever made, best amp, parametric EQ the first to ever have one, best audio quality.Fucking thing rocks to this day and will never be surpassed.
That thing looks bulkier than a first gen ipod.
Maybe OP could get an old Sony Walkman phone and take the SIM card out.  Mine is 8 years old and still works, though the screen just started dying.  I don't think people want them as phones anymore because no facebook.
Asshurt Macfag and/or proprietary software slave detected.
related, if i buy a new sansa clip+, do i get the two showerheads pictured with it here? the one in my shower is starting to leak and those look like they'd have a nice even spray

great post.
Get a Zune homieI've been using one for 4 years and the battery life has not dwindled at all. Sucks that there was never any homebrew and that Microsoft abandoned it, but it works fine.Plus, big ass storage sizes.
You really don't need an 8gb version. And also with rockbox they support 64gb micro SD cards which are dirt cheap right now. You'll never actually use the onboard storage
IPod classic. I have one from like 2004 still in use.
Shit, you're right.
enough
I literally bought an android phone from amazon for $12 during a sale.its a gps and mp3 player.
Still got my sisters old black ipod nano second gen 8gb from 2006 or 2007. Metal casing and the scroll wheel is cool. Only Apple product I have every owned.8gb gets a little small sometimes and I have to purge the library but it's good. Battery life has been decreasing but it can be fixed with 10 dollar battery and little DIY with internet instructions.I use Winamp to handle it with PC.I like separate mp3 player. Easier to manage and use. Compared to my 5,5 inch smartphone it is smaller and never start to play music out loud if you accidentally unplug your headphones. You can operate inside your pocket or through your jeans as it has solid click buttons. And when you need to you can just hit pause and forget it. With smartphone you gotta take it out, open, close your music app.When this dies I will buy some refurbished one.
implying smartphones have the same quality as a sansa clip/clipzipThe only smartphones with on-par audio so far are htc ones, iphone and galaxy S1
the ones that are are shittastic no screen, measly 2-4GB storage with no options for expansion, still costs like $20+ in 2015 where I can buy a 64GB USB for less.Nobody buys them.  You're talking 2001-level volume.  How the fuck do you expect to get low prices when there are like 50 of you dickheads buying them?Why the FUCK wouldn't you just use your phone?  All iPhones have great sound quality, and most Android phones are at least decent.
Dedicated devices make sense when they offer improved performance.  Dedicated MP3 players do not.
parametric EQ the first to ever have one, best audio quality.Why do you need an EQ if you have the "best" audio quality?  Hint:  you don't.
your old. POS
Just because you listen to youtube rips on your apple earpods doesn't mean the DAC in your phone isn't total garbage.The only phones that even approach the DAC quality of a dedicated player are flagships.
mfw sansa clip+ was delivered early today Just finished rockboxing, it's GOAT with my 64gb external SD card. Just need to rebuild my music library in MP3V0.
mp3not using Opus
Yeah, uh, you're completely wrong.The vast majority of the standalone players were bottom-tier shit.The Apple products have universally sounded excellent.  Their only negative is not supporting lossless formats, but since I've never once met anyone who uses an audio player in an environment where they could even conceivably benefit from lossless, I don't see the problem.But yeah, stay hipster with your wannabe audiophile bullshit.  I don't care what you waste your money on.Incidentally, I don't own any modern Apple devices, just for the record.  And I use Etymotics.
The Apple products have universally sounded excellent.Opinion discarded.Every ipod since 4th gen has had horrible bass response that clips whenever you attempt to adjust the EQ.
trips of truth, also apple now supports lossless for those few autists who care about that on a portable
nigger detectedwhat's the matter, can't afford niggerbeats now that apple bought the company that makes 'em?don't worry, sooner or later the riots will come to your city and then you'll have your chance to kick in an apple store window and get a pair of your very own shitphones
Are mp3 players truly dead?Not dead but niche.  You've got the Sansa clip that is for the plebs who still want a dedicated DAP with all the benefits over a smartphone but most people don't really consider fidelity.  Look at all the Monster Beats purchasers who pay through the nose primarily for the brand name.Then there are the audiophiles who pay hundreds if not thousands for their DAP for example the Cowon Plenue P1 and headphones such as the Sennheiser 800 or custom IEMs.
The clip is a piece of shit that doesn't work just buy yourself a cheap smartphone and throw an SD card into it I have the HTC desire 501 costs $50 and works great as a music player in my car
Opinion discarded.Your random bullshit statements mean nothing in the face of real world tests.Alsowhenever you attempt to adjust the EQFuck off with your pleb headphones and speakers.  If you didn't run utter shit, you wouldn't have to fuck around with the EQ like an 80's mullet-wearing dipshit fawning over his Realistic pseudo-component hi-fi set.
That thing looks pretty, I can't find one online for the fucking life of me.
What's it like being completely useless and retarded?from geeky resellers, $15 direct from china.
I found one just after posting. Am retuard.
I miss my old Sansa C250. 2GB on board storage, microSD slot, FM radio, removable battery, microphone for audio recording and Rockbox support meaning 16GB microSD support instead of the pitiful 2GB cap.I'm buying another one as soon as I can.
What about a low end Nokia Lumia and using that as an Mp3 player?
I have a iPod nano 5G.It's a sweet little device with a camera that I never use, FM radio that I never use, a pedometer that I never use and video playback that I barely ever used.Battery now drains super quick when I'm browsing through the playlists, that really bothers me.And it's 16GB, without any SD slots, couldn't really figure out how to configure the device without iTunes either.Been considering a Sansa Clip but I heard that the battery life isn't that great either.I also have a phone with a music player but it's clunky as fuck and sound quality is only ~okay~ at best.
In my experience using a Sansa Clipzip, the battery lasts days and charges to full within ~30 minutes. The thing doesn't use much power.
You re a piece of shit, the clip is great, the best music player at its price bracket if you rockbox it, and much better cleaner sound than any smartphone.
It's really tempting but apparently the device isn't so easily available any more as it was a year or two ago.Is the Clip Sport comparable?Or is that an entirely different device?
Clip Sport uses a different SoC, which isn't rockbox-compatible.In fact, the new player uses an undocumented SoC which has it's own hardwired mp3 decoders chip so no rockbox.
As far as i know the new ones don't have as good sound chip than original clip and fuze and + versions.  But you can always buy used, clip + is very durable, fuze has issues with the control wheel.  They are money well spent, i have a clip original version that has lasted me for 7 years and its only been lately having issues with the internal memory, the battery is still fine after thousands of charges. The clip + version has a micro sd slot, so it can last even longer.
theres no fucking need for them because your phone is oneyou fucking dumb ass fucking faggot spergistical ausitmo autistical aspergery autistfuck off
I will probably go for a clip+ then.Saw one for 50 euros which is probably the cheapest yet and I can have it at my door by tomorrow.The audio chip is what really does it for me something that lacks in my phone and it has a damn clunky music player at that.
And you are gonna run around or bike with a bendy iphone 6+ in your pants???   I think you are the faggot.
I feel you, in my country i can order them from murrica for as cheap as 15-20usd but the shipping is 30+ :
Wow, just checked the prices and they have more than doubled in price on the last months :
dingoes stole my iphone
Fuck this 192khz/24bit placebo crap.
placebo or not, it's a solidly built music player.
I'm 22 and I agree with I use a Clip+ with Rockbox and a dirty cheap smart phone reading e-mails/browsing can be very handy in a pinch. My Clip+ is 3 years old now. People think it's a weird thing but it's sturdy, it works, it plays every format you need, and it's really cheap too. I can always count on it. And once in a blue moon, when the battery's dead, I switch my microSD card to my phone and use that instead.what is FLAC
why would I not spend the extra $15-$30 on an android tablet?That's what happened.
Your saying mp3 is dead? Think againpic related
192kHz/24-bitjesus fucking christ
On the topic of mp3 players, is the Clip+ capable of playing music loudly through headphones? I have a shit 8gb music player connected to an FM transmitter in my car, but in order to hear anything I need to turn the stereo up pretty loud in order to hear it at a reasonable level. It's fairly loud when a smartphone is plugged in, so I'm guessing it has to do with the output voltage of the jack. Would the clip+ be loud enough, or should I just buy the cheapest dumbphone I can, and play music through that?
You could always buy a fiio headphone amplifier.That's what they're for, when you need to drive something and it's not loud enough for your headphones or speaker setup.
more like, examining in detail Renamon's ''source code'' hmm?Muh lriver
WORLD'S ONLY PORTABLE MUSIC PLAYER COVERED BY A 6 YEARS WARRANTY!fun, last year i upgraded my h10 20Gb, and a new LiPo battery, and it's good for a long time again...speaking of, i gotta check but this thing might get its 10th birthday this week!
lel, saw this peice of shit for like 3 bucks at a flea market recently

Should've picked it, these fuckers are like, designed to run on Rockbox.
How did you take photos like that? Mirrors?
With magical devices that capture light, Satan.
The power of shilling on /g/
Looks uncomfortable as hell in your pocket
I feel you anon, I live in iraq and the only  available are 20$ 4GB USB flash drives that can only play mp3.And ordering online has to be done through third party which will charge extra 20$.I use an old Nokia  x2 with 2 GB micrto SD.that I got as a gift when I started my residency.
Don't wear it in your pocket. Problem solved.
I bought a clip+ 5 years ago for $60.The prices didn't double, they just never dropped.
they were replaced by smartphones/cellphones
tfw no cake, or even cookies, just tea biscuits.so, my H10's ten years old today, i just checked.
so how autistic are you exactly? Filtered nonetheless.
filterednice try. just wish Mr iRiver a happy birthday and everything will be fine.
No. Fuck you and fuck your MP3, filtered, report'd, saged.My biggest pet peevee is when I got videos on my playlist and it drains the battery so I avoid playing music when I go outside. I don't need it anyway.
nice try. just wish Mr iRiver a happy birthday and everything will be fine.why do i get the feeling you're infatuated with your mp3 player?
You know, Patachu drew this for /g/..Holy shit it's still alive. And you failed at getting a proper cake, that's just wrong.
To be honest most current "smart phones" are barely on par with dumbphonesfragile as fuckbloatedHUGEyou can do this or that while going through loops and loopswant to add a contact? Sure, just tell us your name, last name, your SSN, your mom's CC data and your dog's average poop sizeNot to mention the garbage options that are turned on by default once you buy one.I think it might be just me, but I expect too much from these new phones. The dumbphones do what they are supposed to do and do it great.
I still have Network Walkman E500. Its battery is apparently immortal and lasts forever, its controls are super easy for outdoor use and it's as simple as a brick overall. The only fault is the ATRAC encryption, but thankfully Jsymphonic can handle it because SonicStage is one of the worst pieces of software ever.
Any good recommendations for dumb phones? The simpler the better. I'm thinking of getting a Nokia 130
Up until last week I was using 3310, but its battery died and no one makes them anymore. RIP in piss, you glorious fuck.
You just missed the opportunity of getting a decent MP3 player.
most people have a cellphone. even dogshit symbian phones from 2007 can play mp3.
But the batteries are widely available on eBay. They're like $5-10 each and last a week.
Is there such a thing as an Android phone sized tablet? i.e. something the size of a phone but without the hardware or ability to make phone calls. It could be a good MP3 player
enjoy your shit sound and drained batteries when you actually NEED your phone. That's a good idea on the paper but in real life, it's not.Either you listen to music for hours and hours a day, with your MP3, or limit yourself with only a dozen of tracks always thinking about your battery's charge. SGS4, so I got myself a clip for the music.
Good idea.Bad idea.
Oh.In that case the guy might just carry on his legacy.
I have an iPod Classic 120GB I bought late 2008 and I still consider it a great buy even though it was crazy expensive at €220. Works like a charm still, even more so now that I've rockboxed it.I did order a sansa clip+ 8GB for €38 though, since I would like to preserve my iPod and want something cheap I wouldn't mind taking to festivals and having in my pocket all the time.Still, the iPod Classic must be made of magic. That little harddrive in there should not be alive after all the abuse it has seen.
Oh hey, I forgot I have one of those.Kinda liked it for the few years I used it, though storage options were too limited for my needs so I got an iPod.Proprietary cable is stupid though.How is the DAC on that thing compared to the clip+?
No, because a GSM modem costs literally nothing.
I miss the old look of MP3 Players, they looked great, I still got an old Ministry of Sound MP3 Player that has 512MB pic related, it uses an AAA battery. It sounds amazing to this day. I went through a bunch of pen stick MP3 Players, mostly Sony ones. I eventually upgraded to a Sony MP4 Player, I still use it this day, it has 16GB memory, the battery isn't holding charge like it used to though. I own a iPod Classic 160GB, and a Fiio X5, but I always go back to that Sony MP4 Player.
, 
I was watching Hackers yesterday and there was something that I also saw in The Core, is it actually possible to record the sound of the keys of a phone and then use the recorded sound?
Yes. There's even or used to be some people who could dial numbers by whistling the tones
yes if you are working with analogue systems
I miss the good old days.You will never strip all of your caller ID information, spoof new information, dial into ISP, establish modem connection, and wardial on someone else's dime ever again.
yea buddy its called blueboxing. another decent flick on the subject is the movie trackdown about mitnick.
is touchtone still a thing?
and just for giggles, the movie sneakers.More social engineering than anything but mind rape is a valid technique.For more audio niggery consult your local copy of wargames.
OH SHIT!I used to listen to other people's answering machines with those tone dialers. I don't remember what brand used that function, but you could call yourself, wait for the answering machine to pick up and then use the tone dialer to transmit a certain sound which would prompt the answering machine to play back your messages or record a new message or something.
, 
, 
, 

IT JUST WERKZ
B-B-BUT MACS CAN'T GET VIRUSES
Macs older than a year are vulnerable to exploits that ...older than a yearwho would even use obsolete devices?
He said Macs released since mid to late 2014 appear to be immune to the attacks.Im good then.
no, it just has fewer than windows has, which is still true.
Well meme'd!
the sad thing is people actually think like this
And you ask, what the hell does this mean? It means that you can overwrite the contents of your BIOS from userland and rootkit EFI without any other trick other than a suspend-resume cycle, a kernel extension, flashrom, and root access.is dumb as fuck, the attacker needs physical access to your machine, the root password, and a handful of files on a USB stick.Thanks for wasting 5 minutes of my life finding that information /g/
No they don't, you are just a retard.muh boogeyman
firmware that boots the machineYet again, the superiority of the unsung hackintosh prevails. Sorry that you spent $1600 on a new laptop that just werks and can't be repaired by anyone but your precious geniuses, faggots.I've been hackintoshing since Tiger and I can tell you, it's become painfully easy to build your own. Mac compatible hardware is everywhere these days and 90% of incomparable shit can be run with minor tweaks or 3rd party kernel extensions.There really is no excuse to pay for Macs anymore when Apple had the decency to recompile an Intel kernel for you plebs.
Having physical access compromised means you are fucked anyway, at least to any competent cracker.
Maybe if you've got infinite time and patience to get everything working perfectly. Some of us have jobs and responsibilities. Heaps of small stuff doesn't work unless you get exactly the right hardware. HDMI video out doesn't work on recent NVIDIA cards for exampleExactly, shit thread, OP is an idiotle apple shitposting face
This. The inception trick via FireWire is all you need once you have physical access...Or... I guess a retard who only networks via FireWire.... But that doesn't happen, so no.
Is firewire still a thing?I thought it died years ago
microsoft has dominant position in the consumer marketviruses and exploits common but only ever minorusually patched or fixed promptly because muh enterprise customersnothing that can render a device useless"microsoft are shit virus""windows is the vietnamese hooker of the technology world"apple gains some ground in the consumer marketa massive security hole found every other month"if you aren't running the absolute latest software you can't get the patch"takes ages for them to actually make the patch anywaymajor flaws like the 'iKebab' bug remain open for weeksthe flaws cause devices to loose significant functionality"tim cook is like gay jesus""apple don't into viruses"
To work, an exploit would require a vulnerability that provides the attacker with unfettered "root" access to OS X resources.it's fucking nothing
Or even just boot into single user mode, bypass the login and have access to all files. Works unless you're using filevault
If you're posting from anything other than an OEM pre-built windows machine, shut the fuck up.Because no, it doesn't take that long to get everything working if you can follow a tutorial. The Gentoo install takes 3hrs on average for a bare bones system, Windows takes 45 minutes and Yosemite takes around 30 minutes.So unless you're using a Mac that you bought legit and never had to restore or a windows OEM install, shut your autistic ass mouth.
Yosemite takes around 30 minutesTook my macfag friend 18 hours.He couldn't get a disc copy from the local Apple Reseller so he had to wait.
I'm posting from a Macbook Air at the moment. And all that idiocy you posted doesn't override the fact that certain important things like HDMI video don't work on popular hardware with Hackintosh.
Your friend lives in a 3rd world hellhole where even the basic internet doesn't reach the 1.5mb download speed he needs to download the installer in about five minutes from the App Store, doesn't he?Send him his annual goat, and pat yourself on the back.a laptop for every child in africa
It also takes 2-3 hours if you have even a small amount of Linux software installed anywhere in /usr, eg with HomebrewIt gets stuck on 1 minute remaining for like 2 hours
Yes, actually, it does. 3k$ for the basic Mac Pro can be built from user serviceable parts, the same ones listed in Apples spec page for less than $800 U.S., and can run and INSTALL the vanilla kernel with no problems.Whining about your special GeForce doesn't get you anywhere if you're not using Mac compatible hardware in the first place, dipshit.
If Australia is third world, then everyone but Norway is even more third world.We are second on the HDI m8.
Ok great, you're obviously running this in a different universe where getting HDMI video out of a 980 isn't some horrific chore that involves trawling forums for hours looking for an answer that works properly.
Lower than some African countries on internet quality though m8. I know, I live here
Then your original comment is insanely absurd because there's no reason he couldn't have downloaded it from even a public wifi in under 20 min at the LONGEST.Point of interest, Norway has faster and cheaper internet than most of the world, except like... Sweden
thunderstrikeYou nerds come up with the gayest names for your exploits
It isn't. Different manufacturers use different "ports", meaning all you have to do is change the gfxid in either your SMBIOS or your boot loader configuration to make it work.Failing that, a DSDT edit will set everything perfectly straight and works 100% of the time.So, still... No.
We got the fastest and cheapest internet here. Lithuania.
Some bullshit 'vulnerability' is news worthy for macsMeanwhile this is an everyday feature for windongs
It's time to release Mech Steve Jobs, that faggot clearly can't handle things
You have to. Your army is so bad, you can't even police your own people so you have to have fast, cheap Internet to keep them entertained and less likely to rebel.
The hilarious part is every vuln that isn't Flash or Java, requires physical access and/or someone to voluntarily install the virus/malware.When there's some self-propagating virus like the hundreds that have afflicted Windows over the years I'll start paying attention
Whoa, didn't expect North Korean militants to post here.
It's still a thing on business class laptops, i.e. the only ones that matter.I guess people who buy business class laptops own camcorders.
There seems to be a new vulnerability found every other week and people still get suprised, only thing that will shock me is if they bother to fix it before the end of the year
self-propagating virusThis doesn't even make sense in the context of computer viruses.
people still get surprisedWe just like to rub it in.If Apple had SecureBoot™ this wouldn't be a problem.
Congrats pedant, I meant worm
apple try to fix some vulnerabilities sometimes. Windows is probably worse in fixing vulnerabilities.
There isn't really any services for worms to remotely attack on OSX, people aren't using it on their servers.
I thought macfags were used to backdooring.
wordplay.
Buttplay
nope Macs are kept for years.
He doesn't know cuckchan was running on minis
Is Snow Leopard safe?
Snow leopard hasnt been safe for a long time.
Not really though because of obscurity.
more clickbaitCome on /g/
there's no reason he couldn't have downloaded it from even a public wifi in under 20 min at the LONGEST.Apple's CDN has terrible support for Australia. Even on my internet 35 down 1 up it took half an hour to download.Most GNU/Linux distros on the other hand are typically mirrored by every ISP except telstra for super fast downloads. Because I am at uni, I can download it from AARNET and get 300Mbit/s down.Half an hour to download 3GiB of OS from Apple's servers.orA couple of minutes to download entire Debian repos on whatever format you like cd/dvd/bd/usb.Take your pick.Also, to add salt to the wound, most Australian ISPs have tiny data caps. Their GANOO mirrors are almost always exempt from this.
OSX was the most vulnerable OS 2013 and 2014 ^_*
A lot of people turn on SSH.
 A drive-by exploit planted on a hacked or malicious website could be used to trigger the BIOS attack. "The bug can be used with a Safari or other remote vector to install an EFI rootkit without physical access," Vilaca wrote. "The only requirement is that a suspended happened [sic] in the current session. I haven’t researched but you could probably force the suspend and trigger this, all remotely. That’s pretty epic ownage ;-." While both exploits give attackers the same persistent and low-level control of a Mac, the new attack doesn't require even brief physical access as Thunderstrike did. That means attackers half-way around the world may remotely exploit it.Ayy lmao
meh im running linux on mineos x is a pile of steaming shit anyway
As it stands windows has been far more secure over recent times with far fewer severe vulnerabilities than OSX both parties are quite slow to patch them though.
What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to start[YouTube] WEB DEVELOPMENT - SECRETS TO STARTING A CAREER in the Web Development Industry embed[YouTube] WATCH THIS IF YOU WANT TO BECOME A WEB DEVELOPER! - Web Development Career advice embedLearning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.md embedUseful toolsembed- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentembedHow I Got a Job in Web Development
A simple JSON API.
Can someone help me out? How can I fix this css dropdown menu? So that if you aim at Google, it says Gmail below it.All my attempts to position it properly seem to fail.
To add: my goal is to add top: 50px; to .subdropdown1But the problem is .navbar has overflow:auto which hides all overflow.But if I disable that overflow control, the bar breaks.
What I can use to sort HTML table from the front-end ?I'm using Bootstrap + php for the back-end 
I have no idea what your question is. You can sort html tables with html.
Making mockup sites for local businesses to help myself come up with ideas that I might approach them with.
I'm creating a store app and I'm stuck on authentication, should I just use simple password hashing or should I use a library like oauth or open id?
I applied for this entry level job that I talked about here last friday. Waiting for a reply now. I'm sure the interview process will be hard and probably coupled with a few tests since it's a fairly 'big' company. I should be practicing my ass off and reading up on all kinds of things before I get an actual reply, but I just end up doing nothing.I wish I wasn't such a lazy motivationless piece of shit.
The code is all-round shitty.Use display: inline-block rather than float: left for your nav items.Also you have div  p inside your a/, which is technically valid in HTML5 but again, shitty.Also name your classes better.There's plenty of css-only dropdown menus around the web. Take one of those and learn from it.
You can put all your entries into an array and use array.sort but this will cause your page to freeze with large tabels
It's part my first attempt to make a proper css website. So I've got no clue yet what good or bad practises are. But I appreciate the tips.I searched for drop down menu's online, but I didn't really understand what was going on. So I figured I'd learn more by making one myself. But I still miss something, so I guess I'll have to look again.
Ever heard of pagination?
Lets say you have a list of 1000 entries paginated every 100 entry, and you sort the first 100, is it really sorted? You still have to sort the whole list and then get the firsts 100.And its not like your moving the elements every sort step, you clone the table sort it then replace so its no difference in DOM manipulation.
I don't know the exact scenario, but wouldn't you sort it in your initial query?
Guy who built the c# json server here, got the ip add and port changing without throwing an exception and I didn't seem to sacrifice any speed. Twas a true and honest challenge. Still peaking around 15k, with the odd 18k in there.Now, I'm wondering if it's best to store and handle the actual json with mongodb? As in my server can do all the authentication and shit, then just send it off to mongodb if anything actually needs to be stored long term. I do want to replicate the full crud experience.I do like scalability and I'd like to use a nosql database I guess. Just no sql no exceptions.
but wouldn't you sort it in your initial querybingoif the table is guaranteed to be small and not paginated you can sort it client-side with jquery. for example 
Are amateurs welcome too?
There is no reason to use mongodb unless you are Google or Facebook that do multi-million requests per second. The benefit of nosqls like mongodb is that you get no confirmation if the post has been created or not so you can just mash in the requests. this what I've been told at leastFor small scale to corporation you should just use some form of sql. I use sqlite for all my hobby projects since it requires no extra server you just write to a binary file.If you are on node I highly recommend Sequelize for speaking with your db.
we desktop thread now
not using BEM conventions for the css classesnot using postcss/sass/less/stylusnot using SMACSS for your css filesthat page is not responsive2015 and still using floatnot using any glorious framework like jeetGs or sussyKill yourself
BEMMy niggah, I constantly get people moaning about my css class nameswhats with the weird underscores loll
using shitty css preprocessors
not having variables, mixins, imports, utility functions, math, etc, etcIt's like you want to work slower
Confirmed for being an outdated old faggot. I bet you are still using IE5
Are you trying to make a Steam knock off page to bait fools into giving away their info or what?Also I'd love that CSS and layout, I can use it for a joke myself.
Not node, already said I'm using c#. I like doing it myself, there's more achievements. And I really do want to avoid sql.
Get avoiding sql out of your head, nosql is just buzzwords.Here is probably what you want 
And I really do want to avoid sqlthen gamedev or embedded programming would be good areas for you to switch to, because the correct way to do applications that depend on persistent data is to embrace sqlthe only valid usecase for nosql is when you really can't avoid having dynamic/unstructured schema
Anyone familiar with Node.js with Express?What is the best way to learn it? I usually learn best from videos, but I noticed they are usually old, or just generally shitty.I just need a simple project, or maybe a short but decent book to get started with
I just watched videos and played around with it myself. Then googled stuff that came up.It's probably best with a book though, there is always stuff that videos doesn't bring up.
Yeah. The toughest thing is thinking of a small project to make to build on. I dont know a lot of backend, and APIs dont interest me, so its tough finding something easy but fun haha
Can't go wrong with a personal blog/portfolio.
Fair enough. Im learning to hopefully become backend with some frontend knowledge. I wouldnt say fullstack, because that is a lot of work to get there by the end of the year.What kind of backend could I use on a portfolio site? Something small like a email contact form or something is all I could think of
Have an admin page where you can log in and make blog posts. Add support for markdown.
Hmm. Sounds neat, ill look into it. I havent had much experience with CMS before, so I would have to make a custom one right?
datatables
r e t a r d
BEMSUITCSS conventions are superior.
// BEM.person{}.person__hand{}.person__hand--closed{}.person-more-words__hand--open{}// SUITCSS.Person{}.Person-hand{}.Person-hand--closed{}.PersonMoreWords-hand--open{}// Ideal ?.Person{}.Person_hand{}.Person_hand-closed{}.PersonMoreWords_hand-open{}Not sure which I prefer to be honest. I like that BEM has a clear separation of part and modifier instead of one hyphen or two.
Have you tried using "!important" that sometimes solves conflicting issues like that. I know it probably isn't the "right" way to solve it but I think it may work.
Opinions on meteor? I'm a Rails dev and the whole NoSQL thing terrifies me. Can I just do joins in mongo these days?
meteorbretty gudmongo:
!important is essentially necessary for wrestling the clusterfuck that is CSS into submission in some circumstances.
Adding eTag generation to an Express web server module.
You what
The default does not cut it, because it is tied to the res.send and co methods by hashing the full response. I pipe my HTML strings into the response object as they are retrieved from the DB and rendered, so the eTag needs to be set before the piping starts.
If you are a Rails guy you should look in the direction of Elixir, not Node. Don't bother with NoSQL unless you do specialized real-time stuff, e.g., leaderboards. Learn how to store JSON in Postgres.
Cheers m8. If I'm building a separate API to client front end then I might as well stick with Rails and something like angular. Quite liked the idea of having it all in one language that handles sockets and data updates though.
susy vs bourbon/neat vs skeleton?
So, does my 4chan clone work okay?spam it too much or I'll make you do food captchas.
Going to a job interview.Junior .NET ASP devAny recommendations what I should revise and check out ?
using var
Kinda boring without the source to look at.
You need an auto-update feature. Unless it already has it built in, and I cant see the count down
I might make a Github but I won't be including any of the crypto/moderation/user account stuff.Nope, fancy JS features are the next item on the list.
but I won't be including any of the crypto/moderation/user account stuff.Why not? Everyone else has.
Anyone here from Boston?
Haha, sounds good. I always browse with the auto-update feature on. Makes life a lot easier when not paying attention
Rails master race reporting in
Can any one please recommend a good database for storing sensor data from thousand of devices in real time?
The frontend code is more interesting anyway, and I've got no plans to make this a released/maintained imageboard distribution. I'd prefer if the internals were kept secret like 4chan's.
They aren't exactly a secret considering everyone and their mom has reimplemented them similarly multiple times.
What is the best practice regarding CSS selectors?I've been taught that shit like "body main content section article div {background: butt.jpg}" is better than ".butt {background: butt.jpg}" but this here article says that IDs and classes are much more performant:again, the article was written 4 years ago. Has anything changed?
Riak
lol is this a reference from that video promoting a bootcamp?
Keep your selectors flat, look into BEM a naming conventionare only for unique things, they are not a performance choice.
Absolute beginner here. Started with ASP.net since i knew c# since before. When I have completed a project with database and all...how/what do I do? All I keep seeing is deploy it via Azure but it seems to cost quite a bit. Since I have a database on my computer, and my computer is not a server, I suppose I need the hosting company to mirror my code and my DB and run it on theirs? What do you guys do? I think I'll want to deploy / try a number of different websites but since most of them are shit I don't want to be paying for it, atleast not too much
Ayo does anyone have any good stories about winging it for a Junior Dev job? I have a lib arts degree and a github with some cool shit. Don't wanna burn my bridge and not get it since I live in a smallish town.
What?
Rent a VPS.
So I just got my A+ and I'm about to start working helldesk at HP. I figured I would do my best to at least last six months there, get my Net+ for free, of course, and spend an hour or two each night after work flipping through odin project and other things so that I can attempt to switch into dev with at least a little bit of relevant experience. Good plan or naw
Dropdowns can be awkward at first. I made one for you though, and I separated the styling from the hover mechanics in the stylesheet.enabled SCSS sass preprocessor so that you can see how all my declarations nest within each other, instead of looking at a mile-long stylesheet and guessing at how things inherit.First thing to do with stuff like this is set up your hover logic, and then style from there./* display logic */nav{ ul{ li ul{ display:none; ul{ display:none; } } li:hover{ ul{ display: block; ul li{ display:none; } } ul li:hover{ ul li{ display:block; } } } }}
Laravel or Zend?
Node.js
How do you guys stay focused?I have a tough time staying focused. I tried the 25 minutes of working, 5 minutes of break, but that doesnt seem to do much.Also, what kind of music do you listen to while developing?
weed and a shit ton of coffee
Haha, I dont smoke, but I do drink a fair amount of coffee.
Yeah coffee always helps me. Also I've only been doing web dev for 5ish months now buts its starting to become a serious hobby for me. Since I just really like doing it I don't mind just going at it all day.
Ive been programming for like, 3 years, but never really committed to it, because I didnt know if I wanted to do it as a job. I do now, so I have to somehow work my way into that world.The only thing is, is that I want to do backend, and there are no junior positions or any  programming jobs where I live, so I have to hope I can make a portfolio of stuff, or do some simple freelance work until I have something to submit haha
I'd look for internships at bigger companies. Companies like panera, chipotle, staples love to pick up interns as they're essential really cheap labor and then they usually end up hiring them. A lot of the time you barely need much web dev experience, you just need to be competent. You'll get ok pay, like $18-20 an hour starting for a few months until you get a hired and get a salary. It might not be the most exciting work but you can still do your own projects on the side. Also it looks good on your resume.
Blamer Peak and r/a/dio.
staplesworst internship i've ever had DO NOT DO IT
Yeah, Ill look into it. The only problem, is that my city is mostly labor based. Barely any technology companies, unless I go to Ottawa or Toronto, which are both a couple hours away.But Ill keep an eye out for any opportunities like that
All I keep seeing is deploy it via Azure but it seems to cost quite a bitgood job, you've just discovered microsoft business strategy. you can now switch to java and get a hosting that doesn't make you chip in for a windows server licence
on Azure, host websites is free. You just need to pay for the database. Azure is fairly competitive, and they charge by the minute, which makes it good for hobbyist stuff.
As a summer project I want to write an application for mobile phones that would check the status of laundry machines in the dormitory halls, the school uses a service to put this info online but the website is ugly as sin and no one uses it. My application would need to-access info online based on user settings type 1 user accesses a different page than type 2, etc-take info from that website and display it in a mobile friendly manner If machine 7 is in use, display this icon, etc. Menu navigation similar to YikYak or Twitter-Allow the user to get a notification when their laundry is done-Preferably displays a banner ad for passive shekelsWhat libraries/engines/whatever would you reccommend to go about this? I've been looking at JQuery and Ratchet but it seems like I wouldn't be able to do the notification with either.
building a series of websites using my own modified web.py as a framework, I have already built the login and database modules using guides for securing information online, I plan on having the actual applications be modular and built via scripting, that way I can make a new website simply by writing a short script defining what features it will have
Honestly I do not want to be a webdev.I did kind of like the realisation that there's not much difference between a website and an app gui, but beyond that I hate html, I think JavaScript is messy, and I don't like all the strictness in communication between the backend and front end ie cors virtually forces you to either dick around with proxies, add headers which dont seem to be cross browser or have a single server that does everything, cors can't even deal with different port numbers unless its ie.So I built a massively multithreaded c# server using the latest c# 5 threading/task management and I actually had more fun doing this than making a 5 tab web page that unsuccessfully tries to send and receive json. Gui is a chore for me, these days it just needs to work and if it works badly all that inefficiency will be threaded out, excellence can be found in perfect infrastructure, backend and "business logic" code.When its done I'll open source on the condition that it's only used in a production environment outside of Australia. I do not like helping competition, but if you're doing exactly what I'm doing but in another area, I see no reason not to help you. At worst you'll popularize my business strategy.
Caffeine, meditation, actually enjoying myself. I'm a musician so I can't listen to music passively.It's usually acknowledged that you require some level of actual, honest, true Zen/Buddhist/Taoist/Gnostic Christian enlightenment to be a decent programmer. It's actually not a joke or a meme, programming is or can be actually hard and requires more concentration than humans naturally possess. So accept your surroundings, spend a quick moment to mindfully watch your anxiety, then become the moment and immerse yourself in the world of code. The trick I found is to "surrender" to yourself and accept all bodily and mental sensations, then gently push them aside.I know most of this sounds frivolous, but just give it a shot.
Rewriting some performance-critical loops from jQuery to pure JS.
tfw the internet is the most complex system ever built its been an honor working with you gents
Hey guys I'm looking for advice on two things:1 Domain Name Registrar2 HostingAs far as hosting goes, I've been using an Amazon EC2 free tier but the project I've worked on was accepted by a company. Should I just keep it on an amazon server and upgrade or is there something better out there?I'm not new to setting up webservers but I'd like to get a good DNR and a good host or both if they're combined at a decent price.Also is an amazon EC2 free tier considered "shared hosting"? There was something I read a while back that shared hosting might mean you cannot edit apache config files, among other limitations. It seems like the amazon ones act more like virtual machines.
its been an honor working with you gentshonor? Well I suppose you can have honor even if you fail miserably.complicated != good
complicated doesnt equal bad, either. There is a certain excitement to be developing something that will appear in the history books, though
What stack does /wdg/ want to use next? I'm making a node after years with php and java. It's nice but after this I want another go at a haskel server.
WHY IS WORDPRESS SO GARBAGE?I got hired to update a website that's hosted on it.The people who hired me are old and probably won't update it themselves. I'm thinking of migrating to a straight static page.
What would be a good ballpark figure for selling sites to local businesses?
LaravelAnything is better than Zend
Form1.csKill yourself
maximum tipping achieved
bourbon/neat vs susy vs skeleton?
tfw want to get into ASP.NET but Microsoft has that Microsoft Student Program for university studentsAnd I'm not a university studentBrb commiting sudoku.
I'm trying to accept my surroundings right now. It's a fucking kindergarten, literally the average /v/ meeting.
Not sure if I should buy a domain for 2000 dollars for my business or not.It's a great domain,but now I have the same domain with .info instead of .com
are you re-creating steam?
.infoInto the trash it goes. I'm not going to your malware site buddy you can get fucked nerd
Boston/moviebob/
It actually is a site aimed at providing info. So it's not really as unsuitable as .org or .net
.info sucks, get rid of it. That said, $2000 upfront is a bit much. Save the money and instead of thing.com buy getthing.com or thingapp.com or thething.com or thing.io or thing.us or thing.ly, etc.
tfw get a working demo out of the new view you've been working on for 3 days in time for sprint review
PSA DDG is a botnet.
ddg?
no u
Botnet is okay, nothing wrong.
Ignore OP. You can trust ddg, he's a duck.
Old news.
When St. IGNUcius RMS himself supports an Ubanto-based distro which will eventually have systemd, and also supports a search engine that doesn't protect your freedumbs, you know it's all over.
will eventually have systemdit already does.
why do you say this?propose an alternative?
Ixtalis Pagames
Disconnect Search  StartPage  Ixquick, in order of preference.
A botnet is a number of Internet-connected computers communicating with other similar machines in an effort to complete repetitive tasks and objectives.correct, it's what search engines do. Good bait OP.
that's the normie pleb definition
trying out disconnect me search, but when i use it to search duckduckgo they say they send it through to them because they trust duckduckgo
So what's the turbo neckbeard definition then?
Skynet
Anything I don't like
Duckduckgo
broofs :DDD
Google
I use google, it has better results and  I don't give a shit about a server storing my gay hairy bareback history
so you start your ddg search with !google or !gand the google botnet tracks ddg instead of tracking you.see !bang
So? everything on the internet is a botnet.
I use tor with hola vpn.come at me bro.
be your own search engine with YaCy
peer to peerbotnet.
I still fail to see how companies,governments CCTV's and other bullshit looking at me should infuriate me the least, they want to see all the sick things i look at on the internet, and how i awkwardly walk around the street avoiding eye contact because i have no confidence, because i don't socialize, at the benefit, of making the streets safer and advertising better.
being this betabeing this beta to government and corporationsthis is why God flooded the earth the first time
How exactly is it beta? Especially the CCTV part, like why the fuck do you care that you are being monitored.
Hola is a confirmed botnet.
[citation needed]
like why the fuck do you care that your rights as an individual are being violated on a fundamental level?I don't have any form of principle or forethought. If it's not causing harm to me immediately, it's fine.You are the worst kind of person
Monitoring isn't causing harm to anyone, at any level, and there are no individual rights being violated?
Monitoring isn't causing harm to anyone, at any levelTry learning how to read
Yes, i have forethought, and it literally isn't harming anyone, good day faggot
Is it? Hadn't heard anything yet
/thread
Disconnect is a literal botnet tho.Their browser plugin sends fucktons of private info and metadata to themselves AND third parties.
anything that transmits data without your explicit consentwhich is pretty much everything
Still not as bad as using the Google master botnet.
The only Botnet peice DDG has is that the owner has to comply with US law and hand out to the feds all shit DDG currently have, recorded or whatnot from its searchbase. This woudln't happen with Start Page thought.
If you're using a botnet, you might as well use the best one.
So do you guys prefer housefires or buying from companies that fuck you up the ass?
I prefer both at the same time. My house is on fire and I'm getting fucked up the arse.
I prefer buying from NVIDIA
AMD is always the top winner every GPU generation.
So up the ass then?
good times.
Whichever is better at the time.
Wasn't AMD supposed to announce something about the 300 series fucking finally today? Or is that tomorrow?
class="quote"4GB
I don't mind getting fucked up the ass with non-kikes. He is so amazing. He fucked a lot as he owns a lot of the market share, no wonder why he is great in bed. - Best GPU card, but it's worth it. AMD - No high drive.
I rather use a card that doesn't have software that only it can use.Making APIs for the  competition and itself is the way to go. I won't give in to a bunch of selfish kikes like Nvidia.ATI Master Race
its both
Considering that I'm building a $500 gaming pc and the r7 265 performs better than the gtx 750 ti sc at the cost of 200w of course, I have no reason to buy the GTX 750 ti sc[spoiler]convince me i need help[/spoiler]
I just switched from AMD to NVIDIA and so far I'm liking it a lot more. It's funny putting in a card that's 50% more powerful and yet is lighter, smaller, and consumes less than half the power of the old card. I'd prefer to support AMD because they're a little less noticeably evil but they gotta step up their game.
You'll be spending the extra money you saved on a powerful psu. Same shit. I'd suggest you to buy a gtx 670 from eBay. Save money while getting better shit
Why can't we be fucked up the ass while our house is set on fire?Why are you so racist, OP?
calling AMD cards house fireswhen nvidia is the only company that has made GPUs that have actually caught on fire
Hey, we only meme here.The titan x runs at 20c and uses 50 watts and is the size of a credit card and costs $150, and amd is bulky hell inferno driven beasts that have no drivers and cost $3000###NVIDIAMASTERRACE#AMD SUCK DICK
i prefer housefires because at least i get drivers
Housefire,I can mod the card to be cooler but I cant mod the softwarelegally anyway
If paying extra money means I get better drivers then it's worth it.Nvidia
filtered
have AMD gpuslightly slower that equivalent Nvidia gpu in games benchmarks but was cheaper so im cool with itnever had a serious game breaking issueall games ran fine just a bit slower than a nvidia card would at same settingsomega releasesinstall the driversall my games get 15-25% fasteri was playing games with zero driversand no problemsAMD cards are so fucking powerful i was literally brute forcing games without driver support and not having any problemsyour nvidia experience is 100% dependant on drivers if they dont work you are fucked
Go balls out for a 270 or a 280. They are super cheap now days.
my gtx 970 strix runs at 50-60 degrees while just browsing the internet. i'm guessing that's normal for nvidia?
2k15being an obese neckbeard that roots for a company that's only there to make money off himwhy
Windows will install new hardware drivers.  You were running on what ever windows update installed on your system you cuck.
Tomorrow
Clean your shit or don't buy a shit branded card.  get msi or something.
I heard it's supposed to run that hot because the fans don't start spinning until it goes above 67 degrees. And asus isn't bad as far as i'm aware.
and it worked.......flawlesslycan you say the same nvidiot?
AMD doesn't pay for WHQL MS support so no.
never used a GPU in my life, integrated graphics works just fine, even more so since APUsDont see a point spending 300$ on something that eats twice as much power as the rest of my PC and makes tons of noise if i can play almost everything in FullHD on mid-max
Okay I'll bite, what do you play at mid-max on full HD with integrated grafix?
I use an EVGA 750 Ti single fan because it's cute.
:^
:^o
Anyone who owns a 970/980 can tell me if there is an option to have 10 bit color output through NVidia's software? I ask because my card 290 was advertised *I think* with having it Deep Color?, yet I can not find a way to activate it. I could be sorely mistaken.
Diablo3, SC2, Amnesia, DeadSpace, GW2, Metro 2033, Dolphin Emulator are probably the most visually demanding of my recent ones. I noticed Metro pushing my graphics quite hard.I might not be up to date with the latest "AAA" games, those are mostly around 3 years old, just as my CPU A10 trinity but im still not done with my backlog, and by the time I am, i can get another current gen APU for like 100$ that can play everything released until then
can your monitor even display 10 bits?
the 290X has full 10-bit color support but you need a 10-bit monitor to use it
Fuck off Daiz
The only of that list which is remotely close to visually impressive and taxing is 2033 and that was released in fucking 2010.Play farcry3 at "mid-max", try playing a game like Elite, or play anything released in 2013 at those settings. You'll be getting the slide-show experience.
So, Nvidia or Nvidia?
I like both
even if it's integrated it's still a GPU
I prefer neither.Thats why I buy AMD.
favouring any company instead of going for price/performance.It's like you enjoy being fucked.
Yeah, I use the Asus PA249Q. Even in CCC, I have it set to 10bpc yet in Photoshop with a test ramp it is clearly displaying 8 bit still, and I'm certain my Photoshop settings are correct. Thanks for replying anyway guys, it's not exactly essential I'm just off to uni in a few months and thought I'd "ready up" everything.
housefires for sure, decent airflow case, problem solvedfucked up in the ass... not sure how can that be solved.And on the brighter side of things, Nvidia gurls will always buy Nvidia cuz it includes the ass fuck... homosexuals need gpus too, i congratulate Nvidia for providing so many closet homos their so craved anal intercourse
enjoying having no drivers
I've had an Nvidia GTX 770 for about a year and a half now and I'm in no rush to replace. Once I do, however, should I spring for a GTX 970? Or, assuming it lives long enough, the next generation of cards?
get r9 290x cuz cheap fag, knowing all the possible issuesexpecting all kind of "housefire" problems, "no drivurs", and lower performance but the saved shekels were worth enoughzero driver problems, temps never ever go past 70c, all games run smooth, perfect, flawlessly.and to think I was about to fall for the Nvidiot shilling but my jew senses saved the day one more timefuck this board, never again
I prefer whatever fits my needs and budget when I'm buying.
memeing like its 1999not knowing what Omega Drivers are
Hello people, please bear with me I'd like some sound advice , I just spent £700 on PC parts I'm planning to put it together myself never done it before. I never bought an OS however, I was planning on pirating Windows 8 but someone told me just buy Windows 7 and you will get a free Windows 10 when its released. What should I do ? I'm pretty confident I could pirate an OS soundly I've pirated Sony Vegas 10 and many games on my shitty old Samsung notebook successfully and never broke it or virused it up. Basically what OS would you recommend, why, and what do you think of the stuff I bought ? Thank you for your time !What I bought- i5 4460- MSI Z97 PC Mate Intel LGA1150 Z97 ATX Motherboard- MSI r9 280x gpu - hyper fury 8gb ram 2x 4gb- relatively cheap keyboard+mouse combo- benQ 22 inch hd monitor Pic loosely related game I want to play
CPU is decent enough, as is the motherboard. Best price/performance card so well done on choosing that. RAM is RAM and doesn't make a huge difference, monitor is preference so sounds okay.As for the whole OS thing; just pirate it. You may as well do.
At least you can enjoy being fucked up the ass. It's not like you can enjoy housefires.
2015buying discreet graphics
I prefer that there's competition on the market
shady 3rd party driversAMDrone pls
Thank you, would you recommend win 7 or 8 ? Or xp ? I've seen a lot of people saying they prefer xp now I haven't had a PC for over 10 years so I just assumed the newer the better. Sorry to be such a tard, I'll be here a lot more often now trying to learn my shit
When did amd fuck me up the ass?
minimum 720p
How did I do?
Personally I'm a W7 guy, but that's because the whole W8 style changes which were pretty much fixed with 8.1.I've not been bothered to pay extra money since I have a w7 disk which I can use for fresh installs.W8.1 is supposed to have slightly better performance though.
Any more news regarding release date of the non-reference 980 ti's?
Perfectly, apart from the 980. Not saying 980 is a bad card, its the strongest single GPU going barring the Titan, but with 980ti right round the corner, it'll likely be worth your time to wait because prices will go down unless they have already with the announcement.If the prices HAVE gone down, go for it.But yeah, nothing there is bad at all while nothing is overkill either. Like the faggots who get a 1200W PSU for a single GPU
good goy/10
I'm buying a new graphics card this month. Assuming brings AMD nothing appealing hopefully they will though, i'm buying NVIDIA. I game at 1080p for now, might go 1440p or 144z and need to run Witcher 3, PCars, the new stuff. The prices in Belgium are fucked 970 at €400, 980 at €650, 980 Ti at €800, is there an international site in Europe that i could buy from for a better price?My dad is an airline pilot with destinations mainly in Europe, not to America unfortunately. What are European countries with good prices?
just get the 9703.5gb is more than enough for 1080p
Get a 4790k instead, not cos mah hyperthreading, but cos it's more headroom for multitasking out of games.16gb of Ram or GTFO 8gb is not enough with some games eating 4-5 gb nowWD personally, but Hit is cool
What has AMD got to do with it?
but the 970 isn't ready for 1440p or 144hz@1080p, is it? Is there a country in Europe that sells it for 300 or less?
Housefires. Insurance pays it off, and the chance of death is better than being assfucked.
I dunno bro, some people love getting assfucked.See: Nividiots, gay bottoms and my GF.
whybuyers decision protection
So 980 prices have gone down here where I live, but only a tiny bit, like $45. A 980 is still $600 dollars here unfortunately. Will they go further down or is this the big price cut everyone's been talking about?
I would probably wait a bit longer for prices to stabilize. Right now they probably as many people as possible to get the 980ti, and cutting the 980 down too much initially would incite more people to buy it instead of the ti.
That makes sense I guess. Maybe at the end of the month?
Probably, to be safe. Might even see pricecuts to compete with AMD's releases?
The 970 does perfectly fine at 1080p 144hz.Personally I'd recommend that if youre not going with g-sync, get a lightboost capable monitor. 120hz w/Lightboost  144hz with no strobing.
The 980 inhabits a completely separate bracket from the 980ti.The prices aren't going anywhere soon, even with a new series launch from AMD, given that AMD themselves are dropping press releases stating they're tired of being seen as second rate nvidia can and will charge whayever they want, almost like theyre inert.The good news is you're free, buy what you want and do it today.
but with 980ti right round the cornerit's already out
Is it? Huh, I didn't realise. I thought it was just up for pre-ordering/prices were released, but not the actual hardware.In that case, he should go for it.
that the 980 Ti is just a Titan X performing at 2 ~ 4 fps less for $300 less, yes he should
, 
Help me guys my uni network has restricted my freedoms by disallowing me to install Firefox. How do I kill my sys admin.
looks like you got some dirt on your lip there, anon
that fat kid is going to shoot the campus someday, you better be friendly with him
How did they disable it? Firefox just ignores admin prompts for me.
Jesus pluck your eye brows
having a unibrow
Install a portable version on memory stick
Get the portable version on a USB stick.
Why would you want to use Firefox, anon?Do you want to end the white race that badly?
disallowing me to install FirefoxWhat? Are they blocking requests to mozilla servers so you can't get the installer or what?
They won't allow the .exe to run.
Why are you installing software on their computers in the first place...
Not your personal property, son.  Nothing violated here, but they should violate you for having the admin un/pw to a box.
Fucking this. Fuck fags like OP.
It's their fucking computer, they make the rules.
So it's...not your machine?Kill yourself.
rename to iexplorer.exeWorked many a time.
You might be able to install it on a USB and run it from there
Macfags gon' cry
put.asputas
This seems to be a pretty huge security hole to me.
2 postersOP pls

fuck mac
samefag
differentfag here, fuck mac
Still cannot believe this, but I was sitting in starbucks this morning writing up a research paper in latex, with some AUR packages compiling in a terminal.... some woman walks past me and takes a look at my screen and then demands that I 'stop hacking people's passwords', then runs off to fetch the manager while i'm attempting to explain the reality of the situation. I then had the manager come over, refuse to listen to me and ask me to leave, as 'such activity is not tolerated in starbucks, consider this a warning'. I'm gobsmacked. and I'm sure as hell not coming back.
sue them
serves you right for going to starbucks starbucks fucking sucks
itt: things that didn't happen
There is literally no reason to go to Starbucks other than "because I can't stop munching cocks".
Complain to the company, get the manager in trouble
This. + I'd threaten them with a lawsuit
That seems a bit excessive, a complaint should get the dickhead manager told off and a few free coupons, he hasn't been wronged in a way that justifies a lawsuit
falling for old pastajesus /g/ get your shit together
He has been denied service based on factless accusations.
Sorry, I'm new in this subreddit.
What does /g/ think of daemon tools? What's the best software for mounting?
Spyware, CDEmu is better
*WinCDemu
mount & fusermountwhat kind of retard are you?
Windows does this natively.
Virtual clone drive/thread
Windows 8.1
installed this and windows got kill with several viruses and adwares.Installed WinCDemu and everything is fine now.
 Sorry, there was a problem mounting the file
This. It just werks.
i used deamon tools for years, never had a problem. but nowadays windows can mount images without  an extra program. so why would you install it?

Windows nativelyonly for .iso anon ;^
CDEmuYep, much more lighter and functional...
How come WinCDEmu doesn't supports multitrack audio cds .cue files?
all wincdemu can do well is data cdI don't get why people shill it so hardI needed to mount and install something from the early 2000s and it wouldn't even run the installer properly. Switched to daemon tools lite and it worked fine.
Don't install viruses and adware then, retard; or are you trying to say big bad daemon tools infected your computer without any action on your part?
Windows
it only mounts ISOsWinCDEmu can't mount these small fake image files that some pirated games use, but that's what I've been using recently. There was always some way around it.
What's the best software for mounting?your mom
I just type 'mount'. It's pretty nice.
installing DaemonJew after packing malware into their installers Fuck them
mount
Virtual clonedrive a best
Daemon tools? I use OpenRC for my daemons but systemd is nice too.
Just use mount manUseman mountfor help
WinCDemunot using MagicISO's virtual drivespleb.
le loonix maymay*tips fedora*
ITT, winfags everywhere.
, 
What app do you use to browse 4chan?
Firefox on PC and Firefox mobile with desktop mode on android.
Firefox on PC and Clover on my cellphone.
wget
Dashchan and Mimi4ChanReader and Google Chrome on PC.
chanueverything else is for hipsters
clover 👽👽👌
Dashchananything else is dumbwish catalog on Dashchan worked, pretty sad to view threads one by one
Clover. Even though 80% of the time the image won't upload from my gallery or online storage or it says I'm banned every other time I post. When will Chanobol update?
Chanobol until Clover gets a redesign or until Miko becomes a tangible thing.
Being banned isn't Clover's fault.
Chanu.actually works and looks better than the alternatives.
Using clover right now, works great
overchanonly browsing one chan
Mimi looks like shit and runs slow as fuck compared to dashchan, don't ever recommend this again
Clover so far the only one that works the best.I dunno why people cast so much ass burgers at the devs asparagus.
it's a fucking website with a mobile CSSso I just use my fucking mobile browserapps to browse websites is retarded.
Safari
chanu has a watchlist and gallery view
Used chanu until a thread the other night. Overchan has multiple chan support, so I can do twice the community shitposting, it's great.
firefox
Peeples do dud high huh cube wife beheld Ajax had head huh hubby kick porous nunc Baie enlists Heidi did he have a ha ha haClover
Just downloaded clover. Pretty decent so farI first used chanu, was good until it I couldn't post at some point, then I got Mimi, awful.
Dashchan. I'll check out Clover again when Floens the Lazy Niglet releases the material update, because why not.
Same here bro 💯 💯 👏 👏
Google chrome
Chanobol
Clover and chanu because I cant switch boards on clover. The app crashes when I try to so I use clover for /g/ and chanu fr everything else
Your one.Other are either sketchy, non-existent or non-functional...
Fortune
Mah nigga
Ayy
with dick attached to mousepad
Clover's icon is outdated
firefox on loonix
I use fortune because it's the only 4chan app on iOS basically. It does work well though. inb4 I'm shit because I use iPhone.
Chanobol because Clover is really slow loading images. Any way to fix this? I've had this problem since I updated to Lollipop.
Go back in time and stab all of Google's programmers.
Nah its fine bro iphones are the craze nowadays
4Charm on WP
That's terrible....
I don't browse 4chan
My browser? Why would you need an app to browse a website?
Chanobol is gorgeous and has some really nice features save all images, image grid view but seriously, I can't use it until replies are implemented, so Dashchan it is for now. Well I switch between them because Chanobol is desperately pretty.I might email the lazy kike until he updates it.
Yeah, Dashchan is goat.Regular updates, material UI, fast.Clover will overtake it, if and when its dev ever finishes the material overhaul.
OverchanI don't post on 4chan often though.
I don't post on 4chan often though.Why?
Because some people here are autistic and need to have an app that is "better" than the app someone else uses.
fortune ios
regular updatesLiterally where? Explain
Preferences About  Check for updates
Clover for webms, chanu for the rest
Oh, but he hasnt updated in a while has he? I still have the latest build
Fortune is good but that gigantic font
Well, it's all relative, I guess. I've had about five or six updates in the last month.
Just had a look at the Chanobol source, no wonder he hasn't worked on it for a month. Java is horrendously impenetrable in general, but this Android shit is just ridiculous.All it needs is replies, and a search.
browsing 4chan on your phonewhy
Firefoxhue
You are dead.This is Hell.
 Firefox mobile with desktop mode on android.That disgusting
Safari
Reddit sync
using filthy HTML when you can enjoy proper GUIsLook at this casual and laugh
it's the only 4chan app on iOS basically.
No app. IE on my Windows Tablet is pretty great.
use any 4chan appno webms work without nuplayer enabledenable nuplayerwebms play once then say image not found and almost crashes every 4chan app every time
Which is better?
Duracell
you dum dum
I prefer Duracell. Whether it is better, I don't know.
duracell is a better brand, cant say about performance
supercapacitors
The one that has the drummer bunny.
Whichever is rechargeable.
I buy whatever's on sale, as long as it isn't generic or Rayovac.
enercell:7
Duracell. Today I found the remote of my old dvd player that I lost months ago and never removed the batteries, I was ready to get cancer when I opened the battery slot, because usually when you leave batteries for a long time unused in any device, they leak some shitty chemical that looks like salt and it's kinda toxic... I was surprised, the remote had AA duracell batteries and they were like new. Other brands I used before tend to shit themselves in no time.
they leak some shitty chemical that looks like saltit's kinda toxicNo shit, that's potassium carbonate, just neutralize it with a base.
 using non-rechargeablesIt's 2015.You can get really good rechargeable NiMH. Grab some Ladda/Turnigy/ReCyko cheap or Eneloop high end or whatever...
all these anons not using NiMHAlkalines are dead tech.
using rechargeables1.2VBitch, please.Get your pussyass batteries and shove them up your'e ass.
not using lithium cells.
Yea. Why would you use a 1.35Ah non-rechargable AA battery when you can get cheap ~1.8-2.3Ah NiMh?
he doesn't know about the superior NiMH discharge curve
If you need higher voltages:Well, those are also mostly rechargeables, just lithium chemistries.Non-rechargeable is for people living in the past.
Hell, you can get 2.7Ah on the newest AA Samsung cells
 the newest AA Samsung cellsWhich ones would that be?Either way, I listed a bunch of low self-discharge ones that can easily replace Alkalines for pretty much every use.
Yeah it's caustic but it's not that bad.Don't be a bitch and just take them out.
do they even come in aa size?
14500 Lion batteries are the same size as an AA.They're not interchangable. But you CAN buy rechargable AAs, obviously.
putting 3.7V into a 1.5V applicationgoogle luck
What  said.Note that they're not interchangeable 'cause *too much* voltage. So basically it exactly solves what I responded to in But really, you want a AA NiMH in the usual case.
Energizer  DuracellDuracell and Varta are over rated as fuck
buying anything other than carbon-zinc batteries.8 for a buck, you can't beat that, especially considering that you probably use them for nothing more substantial than your remote control.
If it uses 2 AA in series you can just use one of those and put a jumper in the other slot.
Not really, most 3.7V batteries run at 4.0V or higher on typical usage.
I was with Duracell until these beauties came to my life
Do they cost 2x more than normal batteries just because they're SONY?
Those look really expensive.IT'S A SONY
Yes, but they also takes ages to discharge and they last longer.
Of course, and then the stupid fucks will wonder why almost no one buys their overpriced consumer goods and the company is sinking.
These here are $6 for four plus shipping, which will arguably determine how economical the overall deal is for you.But they're probably better.
not using supercapacitorswhy?
Whichever is on sale
I bought these back when I got my Wii at release. I always carry this charger with 2 batteries in my backpack. They are still going strong, I already have 8 pair in my house for emergencies. Literally nuclear reactors
Electronics have these things called diodes and rectifying circuits.Lookemup
Speak for yourself, nigga
In need of a good chargerSomething for multiple sizes and types like this beauty Where to buy, etc
They're good for the price. They don't last very long, even in clocks, from what I have experienced. But they're perfect for remotes and similarly-seldom-used things.
My remote control has LED backlight on the buttons, so they won't last long.
alibabaIt'll probably arrive 3 months late and will probably only work for the first 2 minutes of charging but there's no cheaper place to get stuff.
Holy shit why would anyone do thisGlow-in-the-dark buttons are way better
Usually, the backlight lasts only a few seconds.I don't see the issue.I don't even remember the last time I changed my remote batteries.My 360 controller, tho.I need some rechargables.What's a good brand?
What's wrong with the one packaged with the controller?
Cheap all in one programmable remote I got to replace the TV and AMP remotes. Blame ONKYO, the receiver's remote is so shit you need to aim perfectly and it still doesn't work reliably.
My controller came with with alkalines back in 2007.
sunbeam brand nimh rechargeables in the dollarama for a buck apiece.
Get one of those novelty giant remotes. They're universal, cheap, and they work well. The buttons are all spaced well too so it wouldn't be hard to remember where they all are when you can't see them.Ah. Can't help you there but someone above was recommending some Sony ones, if you don't mind the higher cost and of course, the irony.
I buy both I like energizer for my mouse and Duracell for my keyboard AC Delco for my large security flashlight better price for bulk buysNever buy dollarstore panasonic batteries they die really quick and leak after 2 years of them being used in a device had to buy a new universal remote because of this
As much as /g/ is useless in general, this is an interesting thread, thanks anon.
The new Onkyo I have probably has the strongest remote in the house, and it can control the TV, Cable, etc too, its breddy gud. How old is your receiver?Oh, and obviously Varta is the best, because it's made in Germany.
Never again will I buy these they drain way to quick and they suck ass
Nah, if I get another one I'll make sure it's more sophisticated and it can decode any other remote.
aren't those like a 100 dollars or more?
$1289
It's from around 2000, use it because it has TOSLINK. It's a huge waste of electricity to run it all day though, it gets really hot even if nothing's playing on it. I wonder if they sell small 2x30W amps with optical in. No idea the one in the picture was 6 euros or something like that. It doesn't recognize all other remotes unfortunately i.e. the set top box.
a remote that costs anything in the thousands of dollars actually exists
Woops, didn't mean to quote you 
potassium carbonateneutralize it with a base with a base base Do you even chemistry?
Then they probably improved the damn things in 15 years. And why would you keep it on if you're not using it?
DROP THE BASE
Mostly as a headphone amp, not even kidding. The integrated sound card and the case's front panel are so shit it's practically unusable.
Duracell has inconsistency between batches. Some will be 2-3mm smaller.
I wonder how many people have died from using dollar store 9Vs in their smoke detectors
All I gotta say is don't buy ikea brand.  They don't even output the right amount of power when brand New.
I believe this is true.  My toothbrush battery cover has to be slammed into ground at full force to get it to close.  I bet they designed it to fit a rouge small Duracell.
sanyo
using batteries What fucking devices are you using that dont have their own built in Lion or LiPO batteries?
any smoke detector worth having around gets annoying as fuck once it hits low battery anyway, right?
Logitech Harmony Remote, Xbox Controller  rechargeable pack died after a few years, can deal with changing batteries once every 6 months or so since I don't game much, Flashlights, EL Wire/LEDs etc./Wireless Keyboard used for occasional control of HTPC..Random shit buddy! I use very few because they get replaced so irregularly but to even think batteries are deprecated would be silly
Duracells leak, energizer use slightly larger batteries pain in the ass getting them out of some devices ie 360 controller. I use vapextech 2900mah rechargeables these days.
Eneloop you cunt
I did this test over a decade ago with my original gameboy and pokemon blue.Energiser got me to 52 hr save fileDuracell got me to a 23 hr save fileEverready got me to 12 hr save file
I'm willing to bet those 3 companies have skimped out on quality by now.If you're not using quality rechargables, you're a pleb.
I had a rebranded one of those. It was shit.
Implying OC voltage matters more than discharge curve1.2V flat curve master race
supercapacitorsdrain at a rate of over 100x faster han a battery
energizer is a botnet
Varta was the best, but now i only use eneloops
not using based rechargeable EneloopsPlebs
Whichever one is on sale this week.
Get the new Li-Ion 1.5 rechargeables if your device can't work with 1.2.
Everready I wager was carbon "heavy duty" cells.Were the Energizers and Duracells the regular ones, or the "longer lasting!" ones that were entering the market at the time?My own unscientific test loading six into an Atari Lynx and running a demo cart with brightness at full had the Energizers edging out the Duracells, but probably by a negligible amount.My understanding is the now Chinese manufactured ones suck.
AAAAWait, what?
not using free battery approved by RMS
AAAA to AAA what AAA is to AA.If you pry open a 9V battery, chances are you find 6 AAAA cells.
and if you open a latern battery you MAY find a bunch of AA batteries, either that or some chemical shit
More likely you'll find 4 F-cells.
Literally nuclear reactorsI hope you did this on purpose to annoy me.
that is squar ontop, the ones I mean are rectangular
Which battery company is represented by a supercharged rabbit?
Energizer
They both do, the energizer bunny started as a parody of the Duracell bunny
18650 or 26650 batteriesevery other type can GO FUCK ITSELF AND DIE
 Something for multiple sizes and types like this beautyI got mine from Gearbest and aliexpress.But I think the newest models are now also available from Amazon.PS: It's a pretty fancy charger with manual settings and battery capacity measuring and all that. If you just want something automatic that charges your batteries, pic related works fine at about 1/2 - 1/3 the cost.
which are the ones I can lick? I like them
Then energizer is the better one.
Dem lithium packs are pretty good for 9V.Pretty sure they'll not be 6AAAA though.
and alkalines are at 1.9vand you can charge lithium to 3.8v if you want
How do you earn money to buy all that sick tech /g/?
i suck a lot of cock and charge 5 bucks each
welfare
I work for Microsoft
dumpster diving behind mcdonalds
I have a job where I work from home that affords me the time to indulge most of my tech interests while still being productive in terms of work.Also, I married up.
Professional memester & shitposter
I work for apple
Chef at Wendy's
Security Analyst
pestering my mom and dwell in basement
I work in a computer/general electronics shop. In other words, I get paid to clean viruses off of laptops and run Windows updates
analrapist
and run Windows updateskek
Front Desk Clerk at hotel. I mostly stand/sit around for 8 hours browsing /g/ and watching YouTube.
I could be running such a shop myself if I hadn't decided to be a NEET. :'
a 4chan user who actually interacts with people on a daily basis???????????????????
Everyone who has got a job.
Mathematics lecturer
Insurance salesman
i do it but i hate it
, 
Help me out /g/. I'm considering buying pic related but I have some reservations with 1080p on a 15.6" screen. Should I go for it or nah? How has your experience been if you own one?
The human eye can't see past 1366x768 anyway.
Why would you want more than 1366x768?Waste of battery.
hphouse phire
Why would you want more than 1366x768Because one can never have too many pixels, dear anon.
Get off your arse mate and go see for yourself at a shop
I actually did but they didn't have any FHD laptops.
15.6"Yeah, you probably want the higher resolution. 1366x768 is only acceptable for smaller screens, like 13" and below.That said, I wouldn't bother with a 16:9 15.6" laptop ever again. They're too fucking wide to be properly portable, and I say that as an amerifat. What's the point of a laptop that doesn't actually fit on top of your lap?
HP laptops are not worth it. 1080p laptops from other manufactures are fine.
HP laptops are not worth itWhy so? And what other manufacturer would you recommend?
not the guy you're responding to, but asus is based. Also low failure rates
Thanks for the input. 15.6" is just a personal preference and portability is not my biggest concern at the moment.
HP is the definitive garbage brand that will fail you in two years
The three letter acronym you should look for is IPS
HP is pretty bad, but not Toshiba bad.
OP here. Unfortunately I live in a third world country and after some research I've found that the HP Pavilion 15-ab032TX is the only one I can afford. Other laptops with the same specs are way too overpriced. Anyway, I just want to know if /g/entlemen think getting a laptop with a higher resolution would be a good idea. I've heard mixed reviews so far on the internet.
More pixels = more power needed to push those pixels = less battery life. Now I don't think any new laptop should have a problem with 1080p, but just in general you can have too many pixels.
What about dell or acer?
Dell doesn't like it when you customize but they have great customer service and low failure rates.acerneverNEVERGOD NEVER
I can't go back now that I made the change to a 1080p laptop.
Dell doesn't like it when you customizeExplain, please.
They make it really hard to change components. Usually the ram is okay, but on several occasions I've had to take out the backplate and the go down through the keyboard to replace a failed hdd. Sometimes you have to do this for half the ram dimms too.
All consumer level laptops, not only HP are shit.They are not built to last and are harder to repair than business laptops.Buy a Dell Latitude/HP EliteBook/Thinkpad instead
My XPS is easy as hell to upgradeSounds like you bought a poverty lineup laptop m8
I actually do computer repair, so I see a fair amount of them come through. the hdd failures are pretty common, ~80% of hardware failures, and some dells are just awful; the inspiron line coming to mind.

After three years, mine hasn't failed, but both of the hinges snapped and had to be replaced, and it now runs at a nice toasty 80-85C with literally nothing open. After cleaning and thermal paste replacement. I just want it to die so I have an excuse to get a new one.
If you prefer battery life or you hook up to TV/external monitors a lot, go for the lower resolution. If you want a better screen and viewing experience, get 1080p.It's not about just resolution, the 1080p screen has a much better quality to it as well in most cases. 1080p is a good investment imo
Depends on the screen size retard
Dell with 13" IPS 1080p here. It's awkward as some programs don't support it and ended up all blurry, so I set one scaling level which means things get smaller than ideal. On 15.6" it's probably better.
I bought a HP G6 4 years ago for $350.Left in sun for weeksLeft in dusty environmentsLeft it on for 4 months by accidentSat on it many timesUsed in a fucking desert for 3 weeksDropped many timesDropped some moreSlept on itThrown it I got madIt still works flawlessly. Honestly at this point I'm riding it until it dies, I don't care..... But apart from the back falling off it refuses to die.Also I've optimized it as much as I can so I get 6 hours of active use non-processor intense or 2 hours of use Warcraft, Age of Empires etc.It's handy. It has done it's job.It has served well.
True. One should consider most laptops as expendable hardware with limited lifespan.Only the dirt cheap and very expensive are worth it
Is it worth it to have 4k on a 13" notebook?
"no"
Fuck no
I'd spend 4k on that ass.
Probably not, no.
no
Fuck no, 1080p is more than enough at that size
Post more ass
Eh, I have a 15" rMBP and I could see benefit from a higher pixel density.
tfw pushing backdoors to repos of software /g/ usessome of them have actually been committedAnywayThis is perfectly legal, right? I don't see what law it would violate. People are reviewing the changes before adding them, and it could easily just be honest mistakes
as if.
It could easily just be honest mistakesNot anymore, fucko.
itt: things that never happened
Xperia Z2 VS Xperia Z3 Compact VS HTC One M8Which one would you choose and why. Don't worry about the prices. Have in mind battery life, performance and overall rating.
you want huge as shit screen: m8you want a phone that you can actually operate with one hand: z3cbattery life is the shit too. z3c without a doubt
Short and simple, thanks
htc as always has shit camera and i don´t like what they do to android. also the metal case is actually pretty cold somethimes and i don´t like touching it. sound weird but it annoys me. i´d take the xperia z3 because z2 is pleb
Hi /g/,can anybody of you recommend me a flat file CMS? There's so many out there and you can barely tell the functional difference, and most comparisons that I found are either outdated or don't go into very much detail, so I need some help.What I would like it to have:-theme creation or customization I know HTML, CSS and JS, so that's not an issue-online admin panel to create, change and delete content doesn't need wysiwyg-restrict viewing access of some sites to certain users-restrict editing access of some sites to certain users-free as in free beer as in freedom doesn't hurt of course or cheapI was looking at Kirby and Anchor, but I couldn't find out if you can restrict the editing of some pages to some users. I think it might be possible with Kirby.
mfw i bought a gaming laptop last year for 800 eurobucksnow cant even run witcher 3 at medium at 720p at 30 fpswhy didn't i listen to you, /g/? now i have to keep playing on this notebook until my mom buys me a new one in like 4 years when im 32
I'm so sorry anon
until my mom buys me a newget a job
The fuck.. why. I can't comprehend this picture, it's utterly baffling and astounding.
notebook until my mom buys me a new oneUse your countries socialism to get autismbux
Not having a wall of Jurassic Park tapes pleb
800 eurobucksgaming laptopAre you sure you don't mean netbook?

800 laptop is midrange amigo.3yo 1500 laptop here and played most of games including metro 1 and 2 at fhd with a very enjoyable performance.Only bad thing is the 100 degrees Celsius in cpu and gpu. Damn I'm too bored to open it for cleaning and new paste.
1/10
Sell it as mint condition and get a desktop fag

100CYou won't be having fun when it craps out in a few yearsCaptcha: neglect rsaawa
gaming laptopsLol what's next? Gaming tablets?
Only bad thing is the 100 degrees Celsius in cpu and gpu.It's literally going to fucking melt holy shit
A good gaming laptop costs about 2.5k USD
Why don't you just stop being an autist and downclock the thing to 90%? It's the first thing to do on a laptop, especially on a gaming one.
already been doneguess who made it
clean out the vents and re thermal paste itif the laptop supports turbo boost disable itif neither of those help then welcome to the shit I have been dealing with. 800mhz in games is not fun
wow i just zoomed this pic and scrolled from top to down, i feel like i'm high
AMD?
until my mom buys me a new one in like 4 years when im 32
gaming laptoplaptopthere's your problem, not /g/
28 years old and still your mom pays for your shitgod damn you are pathetic, get a fucking job
was about to say the same thing.
the lost world
is that a vinyl on the bottom?
OP is probably jokingThen again, why is he on 4chan if he has a job?Source: Im jobless
fucking razer you twat.I can't tell if that was bait.
Quick question, i'm about to buy this is it worth £640 w/o peripherals? I cant build my own pc because i'm a window licker.
or you get a job where you get paid to browse /g/ all dayit's why i'm a sysadmin.
laptopgaming
laser disc
this. used to have one myself, did fine for a while, then it started to show. switched to building my own rig, best decision ever.for uni i have a mid tier ultrabook. more than enough for browsing 4chins during lecture. also you look like a fucking retard when setting up your 3kg mothership on a small desk in the lecture hall
 sysadmin  browsing /g/ all day
gaming laptopYeah well thats how people have fun here.Enjoy your trash.
do you block 4chan for your users? i do.
5 minutes of dead space 1
Just got my first set of custom keycaps. Thoughts?
What is up with these keyboards with almost everything stripped off them? Do you guys really have no use for Delete, Insert, Home, End, Page Up/Down, Numpad? I think all those things are really useful.
they seem to be vi warriors who do everything with HJKL, though maybe they should just get the genuine Lear-Siegler terminal already
It's muh minimalism taken to a logical extreme.When you account for the custom keycaps, and the amount of time dying them, the total parts and labor for that keyboard are worth over $350.For a fucking keyboard.
what a waste of money/g/mkg
I use this usually for travelling or school, where lightness and size is important. Also, all the keys you mentioned are on the fn keyso when you do fn+backspace, it does delete. As for the numpad, if I really need one I carry one.
Kb was 120, caps were 37.
I'm a vi warrior, but when you use a computer, that's not the only program you use, you know? It's nice to have a delete key when you need one.
If you don't have a mechanical keyboard, you don't belong on /g/.
is elitistuses Windows
Thoughts?That color scheme is homorific.
fuck the haters, i love it, OP.
can i have a link for those keycaps?
No numpad? Really?
You don't need one for le video games, so no.
Gay
how am I supposed to play touhou without arrow keys
capslock doesn't have the gap between abut it does have the useless capslock lightwhy is this done.
Is this your car too?
You must be referring to the rainbow. In that case your comment is not necessarily derogatory.
Rainbow keycaps in a black case? What were you thinking?
why do people call keyboards without numpads "tenkeyless"numpads have more than ten keys.
because the numpad was originally added to keyboards as an imitation of a "ten-key calculator"
gay/10wud buttfuck
keyboard isn't whitewhat a wasted opportunityyour keyboard could have been really cute
your keyboard could have been really cutecutethis is what's wrong with /g/
no. It's not and you're not either.

What about the touchpad? Seems like a TEX Yoda would be a lot better for this use.
Anybody else waiting for the Infinity Ergodox drop to ship?
I don't believe my autism is quite strong enough to warrant such a purchase.
I think its ugly as fuck but hey dude if you like it... then you like dumb shit
Where can I get those caps
'Sup /g/ I need some per-country blocklists for my torrent client. Mainly because I want to block all IPs from my country because law enforcement and from a certain other country.Do they exist, is it possible
depends on your countryjust look up IP block allocation to see which ISPs own which IP addressesalso you might want to block Tor, i2p, and common VPNs, in case law enforcement is trying to be sneakyor instead of going to all this paranoid effort, you could, you know, buy media instead of pirating it
bump
2 second google search
Country is switzerland. Downloading is technically legal and non-government entities aren't allowed to bulk-collect IPs anyways so there's already almost zero risk. I mainly just don't want to give the jew any of my bandwidth.And where can I look it up and compile it into a nice list for my torrent client?
again, go to and download the csv file for Switzerland
Importing it as .csv doesn't work
Is that even in vuze? Or what are you using?
qBittorrent
You'll have to reformat .csv that to the eMule .dat or peerguardian / splist .p2p or peerguardian2. p2b formats.Or get a filter list that is already in those formats.
bump
Yeah I know, but how?
Look at the formats .dat and .p2p are plain text and very simple, .p2b would be a bit trickier. Then use libreoffice or calligra or vim or emacs or whatever editor or programming language you can handle to transform the text to the correct format.
SwitzerlandCan you explain more about this law enforcement and "other" country thing.Should I be looking into this too? I seed a shit ton from my home IP in Switzerland.
PS: If you're new to this and need to look it up:Editor macros or regex with capture groups would be the typical methods to go about this.But I think some Office suites also had wizard dialogs to reformat .csv in a different way for export.
Should I be looking into this too? I seed a shit ton from my home IP in Switzerland.Nah. Keep sharing.And vote against all faggots who want to stop it. If necessary, we might even throw copyright as applying to private noncommercial uses and sharing over board.
Ok thanks I will keep sharing until the end of days.Any votes coming up I need to keep an eye out for? I don't watch the news.
Not really as far as the copyright lobby goes. They've not rattled the cage by suing private file sharers or anything, so the situation is quite acceptable.We're still paying SUISA and BILLAG taxes which benefits specific industries, anyways. If they *did* piss us off, we really might fight over that as well as the scope of copyright itself, and possibly win.I think currently, most of the overall concerns are more privacy related. Things like what our Federal Intelligence Service can and can't do under a new law that's being discussed, and how they can cooperate with foreign entities such as NSA...
did you even search you fuckwit?
what are these kinds of gifs called? How are they made?I get the basic idea, there's a keyframe every so often and the rest of the frames encode the manipulation of blocks of the keyframe. If you skip a keyframe then it bleeds
Alternatively, you could just screen capture VLC.
A broken gif or a glitch gif.
Usually people then edit those by hand to emulate that bug, but also animate the way they want.
/r/brokengifs
Datamoshing or p-frame glitching
kek
kek, done in one
I think I read somewhere that you faceroll keyboard when editing it
Wow.. Summer is early this year
datamosh

what are these kinds of gifs called?Shitposting.
 thisYou can find many hobbyists online that will call it moshing/smoshing. Belongs to the larger genre of glitch art.
it's the eternal summer 

Hi /g/What do you think of this protocol proving knowledge of a PSK?Anne creates a 16 byte nonce a and xors it with the 16 byte PSK p, and sends the result A to Bob.Bob receives A and xors it with p to get a. Bob creates his own nonce b and xors it with the PSK p to get B. Bob calculates a xor b giving k. Bob sends k and B to Anne.Anne receives B and xors it with p to get b. Anne xors a and b and compares with the k she received from Bob. If it matches, Anne knows Bob has the PSK.In summary:Anne:A = a ^ psend ABob:B = b ^ pa = A ^ pk = a ^ bSend k, BAnne: b = B ^ pk = a ^ b. Compare with k from Bob.Of course Anne and Bob must store the PSK in plaintext. I'm OK with this weakness. An Eavesdropper Eve only has access to A, B and k. A ^ k = B and B ^ k = A. A ^ B = k, but knowlege of k is useless because by this time Bob has already sent k to Anne.Is there anything I'm missing here? I think Eve is unable to find out anything about the PSK and only gets one guess per run of the protocol. If this is actually a named protocol in pic related let me know.
i think your mother would be very hurt to learn you're asking the internet to do your homework
Actually it's for work not school. The protocol needs to be able to run in the tclsh on a cisco router, so there's no modular arithmetic or crypto libraries available.
Just about anyone with crypto knowledge will tell you not to roll your own.
I realise that. If there is already a protocol that can prove knowledge of a PSK using only XOR, let me know. Anything else I have seen tends to rely on modular arithemetic eg for DH or SRP which my platform can't handle.
There are crypto packages for tcl.
I realise that also. The platform this is running on Cisco 877 doesn't have a complete TCL implementation, so crypto packages probably won't work. For instance, you need to write your own base64 encode/decode functions because the 'binary encode' and 'binary decode' don't exist.
Humm, I'm not 100% sure, but I think you can just get tcllib, make a package of the sources you want and then load that on your cisco.I mean it should just work, I'm going to ask a friend who dabbles more with cisco gear, I'll see if the thread is still here later.
OK sounds good. /g/ is pretty slow so it should be still here hopefully. To be honest, I haven't tried running anything other than hand written code inside the cisco tclsh. There's fuck all documentation on cisco.com about their tcl implementation so I'm just sort of slowly finding out the things that it can't do - so far, I've found there's no sock -async, vwait is a bit wierd and fileevent doesn't always do what you expect.
Some instructions I foundif you don't find the crypto modules useful outright, the math module should help a little with your endeavor.
Oh and if you're curious the end goal is to have it set up so that the cisco router can send information back to a central server. They are behind dynamic public IP addresses so pulling from the router won't always work and dynamic DNS costs money.
I think your tcl version is 8.3.4?The docu at tcllib home page shows versions required per package, so you can see what you can actually run and is it any use for you.Also somehow 4chan thinks all the tcl links I try to post are spam.. :/
Will have to see how it performs. The routers I'm targetting aren't exactly new, there is something like 12M of RAM and 400MHz CPU.
info tcl returns 8.3. Don't know how to find out the minor version number.
Close enough, and I found pure TCL RSA, Diffie-Helmann and other PKI examples at the TCL wiki.You need to google them because 4chan is being a bitch with the domain name.
tcl version is 8.3.48.3Fucking ouch.
Wonder why Chinkpads dies after 2 years and Mac's just keep going?
inside macbookeverything is black as my soulinside thinkpadeverything is functional, no 'muh aethetics'I have a T400 with the original motherboard, since I bought it new when it came outit still works
Because Mac uses components that cost about 1.2x as much and charge you 3x for them.
 it still workshow many parts did you replace already?
Here's the Zenbook.Painting the PCB black doesn't add more horsepower faggot.Do you add flame decals to your car to make it go faster?
kek, Asus copied even the guts of the MBA.also, both are shit anyway, the only decent laptop apple makes is the pro.
TrollingEveryone knows, even TRUE macfags that thinkspad are better than macs on longevity.
 implying "true macfags" know shit about durability, they've never seen the crappy guts of the chinkpads, they think it's just a dinosaur laptop made of concrete.
put a SSD in it since the HDD was too slowslapped an extra 4gb in
that's not a thinkpad
all these guys complaining about virusestop jej
lol you got that mixed around op
It's funny how macfags show off with laptop guts that they find aesthetically pleasing while they will never ever see them in reality because Apple hardware is not built do be serviced by the end user which really shows
what are you trying to say? because apple covers everything in plastic?
soldered ramshill/10
open macbookcant upgrade/replace anythingclose it back up

Fixed.
still looking like a 3rd world country built it
he thinks his fagbook isn't made in chinkville
kek
man i miss seeing the guts of these computers, i could change the MLB out of a macbook in 20 min. :
he thinks steve jobs hand built each macbook with precision.
it's designed in California, not by poorfags, and it doesn't look it
designed by fags for fagsMakes sense.
rather be a fag then a compost eating trash digger
Why is everything taped together on the Thinkpad?
this is what compost eating trash digger fags actually believetopkek
come fight me niggerS Dacotah St & E 2nd St Burbank, CA
Because it only comes with 4GB of chink RAM so you will need to upgrade it 4 times to get the 16GB of RAM that the base 15 inch rMBP has.
because tape just werks
chinese_build_quality.jpg
things I can't afford = shitkekstay poor faggot
That's funny considering that half of /g/ uses Chinkpads from 2010.How many macfags today use 2010 Pros with CD drives or those god awful pre-3rd gen Airs?
they put plastic covers over all the shit so you are forced to take it to an apple store to fix it, just like with new cars and plastic over the engine
I could argue about if the thinkpad is dead or not, but I have a good answer for your question, regardless if thinkpads are dead or not:Stupid and uneducated people get influenced by marketing, peer presure, looks, and price.Smart people aren't or are at least less.Apple is selling so many products especially beats headphones, which are 30$ tier shit, because there are a lot and I'm talking A LOT stupid people out there.Thank god I'm not one of them.inb4replying to baitWell, maybe someone will read this post and actually think about its content and come to the conclusion that you can tell everything thats wrong with this world just from Apple sales or w/e.
Appleno chipset coolerTopest of keks.
#stop
How many parts have you upgraded on your macbook?
No question, Mac hardware is FAR superior to anything Thinkpads have to offer, especially since Lenovo took over. I love my X230, but I had to replace the screen after the ribbon cable started wearing out, causing vertical banding on the screen just two years after I got it. Also had to strip it completely down and reapply thermal paste; It had separated. Granted, I paid $700 used for it and it has an i7-3520M which is pretty damn fast for an ultra-portable.
It hardlly gets warm when all you're using is facebook
2015Upgrading laptops.
2014green texting like a faggot
1200$ laptopfor facebookI guess  is right.
designed in CaliforniaBuilt by Foxconn.Thinkpads are designed by Richard Sapper combining German precision with Italian Soul...And built by Lenovo, probably across the street from FoxconnSo shut up about your design pedigree.
Italian SoulSo that explains why mine is falling apart
Probably.Mine's missing a screw.
a screwaget on my level
Mine doesn't have a keyboard, anymore I cary a USB one with me everywhere I go.
haha you win
I'm going to disassemble the USB keyboard frame and super glue it into the space where the original was.Its going to be beautiful.
Daily reminder. This forum is full of kids, poor people and NEETs who can't afford real luxury products, so they use it as a coping mechanism, they hate on things they cannot ever have like pic related. Lust always turns to hate given enough time. It's psychology 101.You never see anyone brag about their $2000/$3000 beast desktops or anything ever outside of the circlejerk desktop threads, because really, $2000/$3000 is not a lot of money unless you're an extreme poorfag.Actual wealthy people who want to show it off do it with their million dollar mansions, yachts, half mil sports cars, companies they own, etc etc. Not with $1000 toys that they couldn't care less about.Macpoor degenerates on the other hand have to scratch and scrape to save up anything from their burger flipping McJobs, so having a $1000 computer is like the pinnacle life achievement for them. So of course they have to brag about how great and awesome their mac/iphone is and create 50 daily threads about how macs/iphones are great and "peecees/android" suck, and spout nonstop every second of every waking moment of their pathetic lives how amazing apple is.It's to cope with what miserable failures of human beings they are and failing at life for having a $1000 toy be the center of their personal identity.
Is it a tenkeyless keyboard? Just might fit
$2000/$3000 is not a lot of money unless you're an extreme poorfag.Oh fuck off dude. I make more than both of your degenerate parents, and 2-3k is a lot of money.
you realize that is copypasta right?
Corsair K65.
Nice shitpost anon!caring about how a notebook looks insideDon't forget this: 
RGB? If so you're gonna have the swaggest, riciest keyboard in a laptop form factor on the block

sweet
2-3ka lot of moneyThat's not even half a month's salary. Stay poor macpeasant.
/thread
dies after 2 yearsMy t500 begs to differ. Works just fine without any issues. The only thing that I replaced/upgraded was the HDD since I wanted an SSD in there anyway.
giving a fuck about apple after prolonged useFive years later my keyboard still has no real way to produce a fucking hash short of software solutions
My 2008 MBP works just fine.Feels great not being poor.
my 2008 plastic mac still works fine.Someone left it on a train a few years back - handed it in and got to keep it when no one had claimed it after a couple of months. Has served as my bedroom laptop for about the last four years.
clearly bait but I'll reply anyway.My Thinkpad is a 2007 model and still works flawlessly. Battery still lasts 5 hours.
Oh yeah, it's much better to pay them three times as much to put in RAM that's going to be a shitty model with bad timings and high voltage instead of just buying good RAM on newegg and putting it in myself after I get the laptop
It has dual fans for a low TDP processor with integrated gpu ?
Wasting money on painting your internals with black paint instead of better or more cost effective components.No serial numbers either
he fell for the thinkpad meme
Well, maybe someone will read this post and actually think about its content and come to the conclusion that you can tell everything thats wrong with this world just from Apple sales or w/e.No, they'll think you're an autistic nigger
here's your replycheck'd
2010 shit acer/g/ told me a billion times I bought shit_it still werks_/g/ is shit for tech reviews100% hate and shilling, 0% truth and objectivity
he fell for the dubs meme
so what is /g/ good for?
shitposting and shilling apparently
ebin trolling of freetards - where else can a hamfisted half sentence generate 100 passive-aggressive replies with null points
Good to know I'm at the right place
Soon you'll graduate to /tv/ - shitposting and memes. Best of luck!
Wonder why Chinkpads dies after 2 years and Mac's just keep going?This is what Apple marketing has sunk to. You couldn't find a T-series Thinkpad that breaks before Apple even if you tried. Comparing build quality and saying Thinkpads are worse is so bad bait it's not even funny. You need to be clever to be funny.Then you come to /g/ and hope no one notices. Maybe on some Apple forums this could pass as a fact but not in here.
so like all of 4chan? I feel so at home
You couldn't find a T-series Thinkpad that breaks before Apple even if you triedYes you could you stupid nigger, you think chinkpads are crafted with magic?get a job
What do you do if your ram breaks?
he mad tho
that's fineI am happy for youbut don't listen to reviews posted on /g/
It doesnt break. Apple ram lasts at least 10 years
Nice maymay, my friend. :^
Try to leave them out in the sun for 10 years and then we'll talk, heheh.
I never did and never will.
Thinkpads are kill.
, 
, 
should I upgrade to windows 10 from win7?
I upgrade to Memedows 2000.
yesnomaybei don't knowcan you repeat the question
Apparently if you get the home version of windows 10, the windows updates are downloaded and installed whether you like it or not.
You're not the boss of me now.
u mean downgrade? lelel xDjust upgrade to vista lmao
do you want ad tracking on everything you do in your OS?do you want your OS to be 'a service' that Microsoft owns and changes however they wantthen yes
Are you connected to the internet on any other OS? If so I think I have some bad news for you..
muh freeduhms
what is FOSSwhat is linux
FOSSThat's a strange way to spell "poz".
wau :-D
There's a sticky just for Windows 10, I bet people there will happily help you to decide.
sticky about w10LOL I SHOULD MAKE A NEW TRAD XDDDD
So it's on sale this week.16GB for $250, 64GB for $300.To the point question; Is it worth it? How is owning a phone this big? Current one is about 4.5" screen.
Does it live? How's development going?
It's got a really nice logo
install arch
spring term is almost over for me anywayshopefully the main dev can get to workalsoI have no idea how to use ricedbit kinda just sits in ~/
lol
i think lo/g/os got sidetracked by ricedbI mean, that is all they really wanted, ricing configs in a central location
Indeed my fellow humanbeing
looks like material shit tbh
i think lo/g/os got sidetracked by ricedbin true autistic fashion.
looks like material shit tbhis material osHow dumb are you?
/gd/Give them some traffic
LOL
, 
Sup /g,For my project i have to collect likes on a Facebook page, what is the best and free way to get some more likes? I'm looking for something like 200-500 likes.Preferably something not too shady.pic unrelated
Get the fuck out.
nudes would help
Post some random guy's pic and accuse him of sexually assaulting you.Add some tidbit about the police dropping the case or whatever.Tell people to like and share this so they can publicly shame him.
for int i=0; i 500; i++{facebook.like;}
Web dev here, I do some of our company's digital marketingYou're an idiot because none of those people are going to be engaged. If you have a massively inflated number of likes no one is going to take you seriously because everyone knows that they aren't real people. So what's the point?
I didn't know which board to go, because I'm an idiot. I'm just looking for help
not too shadyprojectWhat, crappy pot dealers in illegal states are on jewbook now?
engagedstop using buzzwords you don't understandleave that to your marketing department, codemonkey
Wow the /b/ is strong this morning.Come on "engaged" isn't even jargon anymore.Lay off the coffee and stop taking it out here.
Are you a moron?
I came for help and i started a fight lol
What the actual fuck is that whore doing?Why the fuck does she have a monitor ontop of the laptop screen?Why is it not plugged in?Why is that mouse there?What the fuck?
Post link to your fb page url here, we will help
no Mr robot threadLet's fix that
/tv/
Halt and Catch Fire is better
TVs are technology
TV series are not
/g/'s favourite character is a fagHow ironic
Played a fag in an old TV series.Based rami is no fag
Rami was in Hackers :
The TV series is about technology you fucking retard
Gray area and doesn't belong here, you bitch manlet.
I'm 6'1" buddy, nice projection
Several threads have already lived out natural lives; the mods are fine with leaving these here evidently, if you disagree, tough.Your complaints acheive little change.

Oh, I see you run GNOME. I'm more of a KDE person myself.Where I stopped watching.
/r9k/
Shills are strong with this show Are you paid OP?
i know that guy
YesDeal with it
Someone forward this show to RMS, i want to see his reaction
God he's so fucking ugly. Is the surprise twist that he's actually an robot with with a fucked up facial structure?The fact that he acts like a complete autist really doesn't help.
Its supposed to portray real life hackers not your pussy twink pretty white boy from twilight
YFW he was this guy
That's the only part of the episode that I disliked. You could tell they were streaching for something to diferentiate Linux users that normies might understand.I was happy that it was some socially awkward autist. If the protag was a Big Bang Theory type of "nerd" then the pilot would not of done as well as it did.
OH MY GOD WHAT THE FUCK
Yeah, what the fuckI thought it was ben stiller
ITS HAPPENINGITS HAPPENINGITS HAPPENINGITS HAPPENINGITS HAPPENINGITS HAPPENINGITS HAPPENINGITS HAPPENING
me 2 m8
So I see you're running gnome...
Damn
kek

kek'd
this is the audience for this bullshit. I hope you're happy, writers. I know you read all these threads.


implying you're not a faggotfaggot
who
I run the worldcheckmate atheists
well this just ruined it for met-thanks anon
this
Guys,Is mr robot real or just him being schizo?
Considering everyone calls it "Evil" that's a good theory. hard to say after one episode though.
don't forget faboulous nigger
how the hell did I miss this gem?
The fact that the suit prefers KDE is a nice touch.
you were not paying attention. duh!
/tv/
/out/
stop fucking shilling this stupid show
/fa/
For a pilot, it's pretty fucking good. Stop being a faggot, faggot.
yfw he was the naked sidekick who fuels jessie's car on Need For Speed.
Thank fuck there was a laugh track. I wouldn't know when to laugh.
is an aspiehas a betta fish
MUH OS. If she wasn't so cute I would drop the show.
nigga please
and on PTA's the master
Hands down best show on TV.  The rest of you can suck my manlet nuts
nigger manlets from /fa/ in all of its glory.
Shayla  Angela  Darlene  Krista
Fucking Shayla ughhh I want to be friends with her
Better than another fucking headphone, tech support and coding thread like usual
Gotta say it was pretty good.
he looks like the kind of guy that sucks your dick for meth
no one else saw this?
Nope. Literally 0 other people saw the browser taking up half the screen. You're literally the only person that saw it.

Saw what? That random image board that clearly isn't 4chan?
I just watched the pilot right now, /g/ said that there was a 4chan scene, didn't saw it, did i missed something or it was some joke i didn't got?
/mlp/ - Furries
Ok, just saw it now  It's not even clear if it's an IB or not... It could be a lot of things... You guys are seeing what you want to see...
That was the point. I loved how everyone struggled to connect with protagonist, and his closest relation with the white suits was some awkwardly forced 'my first linux' conversation. That and it never brings focus to the obvious autism from protagonist, like anything else with such a main character.
I don't think he is able to see it, because you know, muh fridumz
has a sex life
When ep2 is going to air?
No new episode before at least JulyWhy live?
Let's fix thatNo. Please, no.
This has literally been 4chan's homepage for the last ... fuck, at least 5 years.
You made me check the homepage, i don't do it since 2007 or so i guess... You're right lel
Fuck off.
breddy gay
So what is this?A new tv show which features actual it stuff and not the "I'm in" wannabe hacking shit?
I have a /g/ related question about the show...What he did with that Tor website, is that really possible or just bullshit?
It's possible,  but I doubt one person can control a majority of the exit nodes.
It's true. Exit nodes get all the data so if you're relying on nothing but tor for anonymity you're vulnerable at the exit nodes.
Can someone sum up whats happened, Im missed whats happened
Just watch the show, faggot
Would be fairly trivial for any sort of government though which means they are already doing it
So, why it isn't all being taken down? I don't get it... Tor sounds like a giant honeypot sometimes...
No. He said he was in control of the exit node. He would also need to be in control of the entry and middle node. He might be able to do it with just the entry and exit node, but definitely not with the exit node alone.Also, if that guy was running a CP website, it was most likely a hidden service .onion site, in which case no exit node is used at all and this whole thing was bullshit.
be me 30 something year old security expertwalk into coffee shopthey have gigabit internet hereim bored so I capture all the traffici find the owner is using the network to share cp over torgather some paperwork on all thiswait for owner to show up in the shop one dayconfront him about ithe says he will give me moneyi dont want any of iti walk outcops show upeveryone get on the floorwalk the dinosaur
conti go to workout biggest client is loosing money or somethingsome suits come inone of them awkwardly tells he uses linuxwhatever.shnext dayclients servers are being DDoS'dwhitetextonblackterminalhere.pngfly to data center in jetfix the issuefind a strange file saying to keep it therei do because strange reasonsgo homestrange guy on the train asks if I deleted iti follow him to the theme parksome 1337 hacker group that want to cause havocthey tell me to add a ip to show it was the boss who broke the serversi do ityolo.FLAChe gets pinned for it weeks lateri throw my hands up in times square because i did itsuits ask me to enter the cari get out of the car and into a officeits that guy I had the awkward linux conversation withrollcredits.mp4
class="quote"That's when I noticed something strange... So I decided to hack youInto the trash it goes
2:38
No, it's trivial nerd-cred that makes reddit cream its pants.
real "nerds" would use a TWM instead of a bloated DE
Like I said, it's something trivial that they shoehorned in to get recognizability with "nerds", making them think it's somehow different from the rest of the embarrassing techno-babble in other shows.It's Big Bang Theory tier.
reminds me of XKCDmention something related to techSUCH A NERD XDDDD SO FUNNYum, that's not funnyU JUST DON'T GET IT XDDD
ALO PEDERU USRANI NAUCI ENGLESKI STA SKIDAS PREVOD MAMU TI JEBEM
if I ever see that little faggot  that writes that "LE GIRLS ARE NOT BAD AT MATH" shit I'm gonna curb stomp him, jesus how mad I am when I read his shit. Then I go and watch some talk he gave, even his voice is making me mad, sounds like a fucking faggot. Literally the only person I ever hated in my life. And I hope you read this you Randal Moore you fucking cunt sucker
Why don't you email him personally, or post to the XKCD forums?
I thought this anon  had a good point, that it's the sort of thing someone might say in an awkward attempt to connect with an autist like the protagonist
Not really, the dude bruteforces everything like its piece of cake
He's not an autist. He's a bad boy.
im on another continent but when i get there Im gonna fuck his shit up
he's probably muslim
TV show about famous "anomalous" hacker on growth hormone
I always see people complain about phones not having a qwerty keyboard.Why would you even need it?I think I saw someone talk about being able to program on the go. I ain't a programmer but is that even feasible?
No, programming on the go is stupid with a smartphone.I'd really like a keyboard for pic related, but hey, most of the time I'm carrying around a laptop anyways
I'm bad at touch typing.That's the only reason why I'd want a physical keyboard.
That's why there's autocorrect
Programming on the go, on a phone, is just a stupid concept. For the phone, swiping to make words is the best.
I still have my G1. Shame the battery is such a piece of shit.
With a QWERTY or any physical keyboard, I could:type without covering the screenplay games without covering the screenknow if I've pressed a button because tactiletype without looking
thistoo bad that hipsters and other muh-thin-phoen people are so happy to be milked for money that industry makes phones only for them, not for productive people
, 
Why aren't you using Plasma 5 as your default wm?
because plasma 5 is not a wm
I've tried it. Xfce is, as always, better.
because of no software and vidya
Because I'm using MATE m80.
Because I don't like sucking dicks.
Hey OP what theme is that?Is it on windows marketplace? How do you use themes?
Poorest b8 in history/10
not using icewm
because it's unintuitive bloated piece of soft with shitty ergonomics
I agree
it's kbloated visually and conceptually. seriously, how is clicking yourself to death through millions of inconsistent gui windows better than having all the settings in one, well organized text file?
looks decentlooks shitan hero
But I'm downloading Kubuntu 15.04 right now.
It's absolute dogshit.
I would like Xfce more but if its logo wasnt a rodent
Odd reason to dislike a DE. Are you saying a foot and a K are more acceptable to you than a cute mouse?
Is it slow or is it fast? KDE has always been laggy for me.
Because the last three times I tried Kubuntu, it ended up shitting itself after an update.I rather use Unity.
Hahahahah look at this pretentious piece of shit. Look at him and laugh. Ahahahaha muh old software m-muh pink floydFucking edgy piece of shit clueless teenager.
Yes it makes it look retro
I am. But really, it doesn't matter what I use. I'm still going to be using Firefox for surfing the web, emacs for LaTeX, music, and IRC. And VLC for videos.Like, I could probably install FreeBSD and not notice the difference.
2 gb mem... yes, i am a neet
I like the sharpness, but i dislike the colors.
Its still buggy as shit, i liked it but will only move once its stable
xfce's logo is adorable
Thanks, yeah I don't like the yellow either. But it was the most windows 2k like I could find.
Hahahahah look at this pretentious piece of shit.Summer is strong with this one.
I can see how this desktop is pretentious, but how floyds are? They are for plens.
What would you run on a Pentium III, then?
class="quote"IO is shitKeyboard is shitPrice/performance ratio is shitusability is shitall other Apple downsideScreen is okay, no touch in 2015Touchpad is okayspeakers are okaySell me this Macbook, /g/.
Sell me this Macbook, /g/No. It's the worst Apple laptop. it's supposed to be. It's not FOR you. It is very specifically for plebeians who want the apple logo but have no use for the features of the Pro line.
So Apple selling a lot of these things means that a huge part of mankind is fucking stupid. Or am I wrong?
It's a netbook that can run desktop apps if required. It also comes with a strong warranty, and unlike other Unix systems can't be fucked up unless you really really try. It's a good facebook machine for Chad and Krystal to take to college for "writing papers", and it gets you into the standard ecosystem for compatibility with everyone else. Don't buy it if you're a /g/; buy a Dell Chromebook and put crouton on it. As for price, there's always been a tax on convenience, and that's fine. It subsidizes the other end of the market.
means that a huge part of mankind is fucking stupidNo, it means they don't use computers the way we do. Don't pretend like you're not familiar with normal people who use their computers for social media, web surfing, and document editing and nothing more. It doesn't make them dumb, just interested in different things than you.
Sell me this Macbook, /g/.W-why d-don't you w-write your name down on t-that napkin for me, a-anon?
social mediaweb surfingdocument editingTell me, why do I need a 1000$ laptop for this, again?My mum is doing just what I quoted with her laptop. Its 1 year old now, I slapped an SSD in there not long ago and I still didn't pay over 400$ while her machine is probably running cooler and quieter that shitty Apple products and just as fast.
Is it just me, or does he look beady-eyed and generally ratty?Either way, stop promoting this faggot.
Nice homage, m8. I'm still unsure what makes this a "pen for a paper" piece of hardware, though.
why do I need a 1000$ laptop for this, again?You don't. Again, it's not for you. You are interested in technology, so you go and get the best value laptop you can find.You don't need to spend more than $20 on a watch that can tell time. You don't need to spend more than $2000 on a car that can reliably go places. People are still going to spend more for luxury items even if they don't perform better for multitudes of reasons that you're pretending not to be aware of.Stop being so damn conceited. You're not superior to everyone else just because you make more economical laptop choices.
Oh, I'm well aware why people are buying Apple shit. Studying at a hipster University right now.Those dumb fucks are falling for cheap marketing tricks and peer pressure. All this "if I don't fit into the picture the cool guys wont hang out with me" stuff still applies even at the age of 24+.Not long ago a guy started laughing at my "Android phone" and pointed out how much better his OS is just because its from Apple. Hes studying social science, so I'm pretty sure he doesn't know shit about tech and hes only proud to be part of the Apple "family" because people told him to do so.Maybe "real" adults are buying Apple shit because of other reasons, but younger people are buying it because they are fucking dumb.
Also:I just realized this thread. How can people be this fucking retarded?Point finally proven?
acknowledges that Apple products are working social symbols and that people without them are looked down uponstill thinks he's infallibly in the rightIt's much easier to just buy something than it is to convince every one of your peers that some specific thing shouldn't be a status symbol.Social status in college *is* important. It's very critical to networking, and many people would consider you more dumb than the people you're so vehemently attacking because of the way you ignore that and stubbornly stick to the way you think the world should work instead of how it actually does.Fuck off with your spineless and petty accusations of the general populace on an anonymous imageboard. You're not accomplishing anything except your own embarrassment.
calling me dumb because im not being easily influenced by others and peer pressure is not working for metelling me, that calling other people dumb because they are easily influenced by media and other people is wrongbeing influenced to do wrong decisions or believe in wrong things is a good thingYou should go and see a psychologist. Not even joking. There has to be something wrong in someones brain with such twisted standards.
only one portAre you fucking kidding me? Are you really teling me its "okay"?
Speaking as probably the only person ITT that owns one...IO is shitIs bad, but rarely used for my uses.Keyboard is shitKeyboard is great if you get used to it, it feels mechanical almost.Price/performance ratio is shitActually runs my builds faster than 2014 mbpr that cost the same...usability is shitWhat does this even mean?all other Apple downsideLike a great dev environment for getting job done...Screen is okay, no touch in 2015Touch is gimmickTouchpad is okayTouchpad is godly, though force touch is gimmicky at the momentspeakers are okaySpeakers are LOUD and clear, on par with 15" mbpr
Bullshit, that Keyboard is horrible.
Incorrect, I tried one in the apple store and took to it instantly. Sure I like my cherry blues but I'll take the mb keys over loads of other laptop keyboards.
condom on the tableget the fuck out normie
It's HIS asshole, it's HIS responsibility.
Sell me this Macbook, /g/.It costs the same as the Macbook Pro, but it's worse in every way! And thinner!Buy it. Buy it NOW.
You're not superior to everyone else just because you make more economical laptop choices.Um yeah we are. If there is no logic behind a person's purchase decisions other than that makes them no better than a monkey.
/all apple threads
how could it possibly run your builds faster than a 15" pro?
Keyboard is great if you get used to it, it feels mechanical almost. As an owner of a MBPr and a mechanical keyboard user the only thing I can say to you is end youself.
I have two questions about overclocking my good old 2500k. AFAIK the only two settings i need to change are the ratio and the offset, so i put the ratio to 40 and offset to -0.010, but:1: Why does the CPU still behave like in turbo mode? shouldnt all cores run at 4GHz? when i just test a single core it runs at said speed.2: why does my core voltage increase, even though i lowered the offset?
, 
Previous thread:Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
I need to replace the whole rear LCD cover magnesium? on my x220. Can i do this without disassembling any of the lower half?Related, how painful is the procedure for accessing and re-pasting the CPU heatsink? Temps are stable now but i managed to hit 93 C on a laggy shit Flash webpage
Hackintosh PovertyBook T60 guy from a thread or two ago reporting in.After many, many failed attempts, I finally figured out how to install OSX 10.6.3 and then upgrade it to 10.6.8 without lolkernelpanic.  I disabled all the add-on voodoo shit for sound, etc. during the install.Thinking logically about how in my understanding kexts are extremely version-specific, I should have realized this sooner.  I just know fuck-all about OSX.  Now I just have to find kext versions that work with 10.6.8 to make everything work.Still using my charge-circuitry-borked T60/ATI board waiting for the Intel board to show up.  Then I'll get to do the install all over again.
My T61 has a very yellow and dim screen compared to my X201. Are they all like that?Basically is it worth it to swap the screen?
Replace the backlight
Wouldn't it be easier to just replace the whole LCD?
You could.
My T420 is arriving today... is it easy to hackinthosh? I need an iOS project done for tomorrow, and I'm not sure if I should just rent macincloud or attempt to install OS X
And an entire lid swap is easierIts best that you wait last minute for that hackintosh install!Though it is more work to remove the bottom screws so you can remove the keyboard & bezel to remove the LCD cable, hinges and lid, it makes it easier imo to work on a screen that way.But yeah, its doable, good thing ThinkPad displays go all the way back so you don't have to worry about the LCD falling much.
What is a good place to buy thinkpads in The Netherlands?
Anyone using a T410 with Lunix? Is it worth getting one with an nvidia card? How's the mobile broadband working?
Ok, so I got one of those butterfly keyboard Thinkpads for free 701c.  I didn't realize how sought after they are.  This one's quite the project though. The hinge that controls the keyboard folding was completely broken and pieces are missing, I superglued what's left and it seems to be working good now.  The battery leaked, so had to take that out, showing bad memory on startup. I continued with the boot but it doesn't go any further than the windows 95 loading screen. Just thought I'd show it off.  Think I'm going to just toss it on ebay because I have no use for it.
Well now it seems if I hit f1, esc, or enter it just gives me a black screen now.
It'd probably still fetch a decent sum on ebay if you make the pictures look goodBut the issues would scare away the first handful
Yeah, now that it won't show the windows 95 screen it'll probably scare more away lol. But I got it for a good deal and rather it go to someone willing to put effort into it.
Is it a minor update or is it lolipop? Droid MAXX here

, 
, 
AYY LMAO

Has gorhill succumbed to the botnet?
gorhill went down the hill lol
So what, it's a funnel for their own ads now?
ITT: retardsserves you right for using Chrome.
Sure would be great if you guys would actually read about why it requires new permissions instead of being a complete fucking retard.
botnet userscommon senselmao
Chromiumbotnet
botnet testing
Chromium is botnet-lite
using any product by googlecaring about your privacyLMAO XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
It's written Chrome. And it is clearly on Windows, which botnets everything it touches.
reminder that in order to even build Chromium is needs a developer to set up keys and agree to the ToS. These keys phone home even in Chromium and allow Google to identify who is using what builds and who built them.Amusingly Linux users since they are the only people using Chromium are at this point a lab full of monkeys caged up in groups by breed/race.
rekt
 Hide Ads
why do freetards always hide this shit when going on religious rants about chromium and freedoms?
Le chrome botnet maymay xD
If you actually want hot pockets you should be using Firefox or Pale Moon or friends anyway.
Pale MoonPlacebo Moon you mean?
, 
What is the best book to learn ruby ?One with exercises if possible, also ruby thread I guess
The best way is to not learn ruby
The best book to learn ruby?"Why the fuck am I learning Ruby"If it hasn't been written yet, I suggest you write it instead of learning ruby.
Well Grounded Rubyist
why so much hate on this language ?
/g/ hates rolling in money
Ruby is shit unless you want to do some hipster webdev in RoR.This is coming from someone who's been using ruby for the past 3 years.
SCAFFOLDING!!!! SCAFFOLDING!!!!!
language
its not pythonic enough
this. also using ruby/RoR for quite some timenice syntax could be seen as a bait to lure people into using it, in general its like fucking religious cultit could be actually useful for stuff other than webdev if someone wrote V8-like VM for it but dunno, 15 years ago, maybe it would have a chance with python but then python with its "only one way to do it" seems just more pragmatic
Python is ugly as shit.
Why bother with ruby when python exists
I don't like python's syntax and I want to learn shit
just learn lua
is it gud ?

hell yes niggerthe shit is embeddable as fuck.
The only languages /g/ is guaranteed to like are C, Python and Haskell. That should be obvious by now.
/g/ doesn't like python in most threads tho
Fitzgeralds' Learning Ruby is good enough to start you off.
Python is pretty controversial here too. C and Lisp are the two languages I see that people find hard to hate. Even Haskell isn't free from hate here.Of course, people shouldn't choose their languages based on what a bunch of autists like. Python is a great language to learn for beginners.
Questions that don't deserve their own thread - the thread. I'll start, I've got this old telstra t800 phone which only has an rj11 input and handset cable. I want something i can sit next to it that lets me record the conversation and at the same time lets me use my own mic and headphones instead of the handset.Is this "call assistant sd recorder" pictured ideal or is there something less expensive that can do everything i've mentioned? Or a combination of other *wired* phones/accessories that can do the same thing?
You're not going to record anyone without their knowledge or consent, I hope.

I've got a blue spark mic and grado headphones... if i get all the cables inbetween pictured would this be feasible?
first seasonthey apparently don't use version control so they lose all their changesthis seasonthey delete thousands of hours of video somehow by holding down the delete key after the huge VOD client apparently saw nothing wrong with giving them write access to everythingREEEEEEEEDoes this show rustle anyone else?
first few episodes were pretty good after that it went to shit
No, I enjoy it for what it is.
they delete thousands of hours of video somehow by holding down the delete keywtf were they using to connect to the server, teamviewer?
this show is mathematical perfection
/tv/REEEEEEEEDo you even know where that's from, summerfag?
yfw someone wrote a Stanford paper about it
No, I've seen it on /int/ a few times, why?
Literally know reason, I was just curiousAlso/tv/
its more accurate depiction of the actual software industry than any other show I've seen.its bretty gud of course neckbeards are going to nitpick it though for not being autistic enough, even though its fairly autistic already
/tv/
Some of the scenes with Richard make my skin friggin' crawlBut then they have scenes like Erlich slapping the shit out of a kid for Adderall
tfw no qt monica gf to share a cigarette with after sexDid they drop the whole budding romance thing between her and the king autist?
Did they drop the whole budding romance thing between her and the king autist?I hope so. She is out of his league.
If they're going to shoehorn that sort of thing in it should be more realistic.  I'm glad Dinesh got cucked instead of fucking the hot asian girl.
Why hasn't a service like Pied Piper come out in real life?
ftp
retarded configurations and shit happen all the fucking time. If they had gotten hacked by some lone asian disgruntled faggot I would've been upset, but everything here accurately describes the misadventures of a hapless startup.That's what this is. If you honestly think that Pied Piper is the conventional hero in this story and not the underdog full of comic relief and stupid antics, you're such a fucking autist that you should just stop watching.
idk why they had the original invester die in the showreally disappointed in that. just seemed so unnecessary
because data compression is neither as straightforward nor as lucrative a market as the show makes it seem.The show has this contrived premise that we're running out of hard drive space and the single biggest threat to the Internet and tech world is running out of space. If you looked around for half a second you'd see that's not the case; bandwidth is the problem. Bandwidth and availability. But a startup bringing internet to the developing world would've been too noble for a quirky group of bright-eyed kids stumbling through their first business together.
The ftp programs I've used have delete confirmations and even if you turn it off the program doesn't select a new file after you delete a file.
because he died in real life...unless you are being sarcastic
Are you actually going to nitpick that since you don't know of any FTP client with stupid behavior associated with deletions, one tiny point among now more than a dozen episodes of jokes, story, and characters?You shouldn't be watching this or any show if your enjoyment hinges on these kinds of things. Silicon Valley is conveniently surrounded by tech. It offers writers opportunities for unexpected things to happen. If you want a show where the writers have to work within the constraints of familiar behavior from software basement dwellers use, go watch Mr Robot.
not poster you're responding tobecause he died in real lifeI had wondered if that happened.  Seemed pretty abrupt but never motivated enough to look it up.
lung cancer spread to his brain
If they're going to shoehorn that sort of thing in it should be more realistic. I'm glad Dinesh got cucked instead of fucking the hot asian girl.if you want more realism, here he is with his real wife. he also has a CS degree irl
for a guy that grew up in Pakistan, his accent is very mild
The show has this contrived premise that we're running out of hard drive space and the single biggest threat to the Internet and tech world is running out of space.No, that's not what the whole compression thing is about: it's about being able to send more data to customers over networks than previously possible at faster speeds because of the inherent limitations of doing it now or even in the near future.it's expected that you idiots don't get thingsbut even when Judge goes out of his way to explain things to the lowest common denominator aka you fucking idiots that claim to be technical geniuses YOU STILL DON'T FUCKING GET ITI mean really
bandwidth is the problem. Bandwidth and availability.Which is fixed by reliable compression. Sending raw data over the internet should be a crime.
There's a whole joke in the first season about how we're going to run out of hard drive space. Maybe they pivoted into more reasonable data transmission, but *still* the problem is predominantly with access. You have good interenet. Most people in the world don't. Most people in the world don't have anywhere near the computational or bandwidth resources necessary to benefit from really advanced or complex compression.if you want to compress data, do it. if you're arguing that i should be prohibited from transferring data the way I want, you can kindly fuck yourself with one of your dragon dildos.
Normally I get angry at people being in happy relationships. But I'm really happy to see this for some reason.
They're not threatening.
Why so mad?, its is only show
are you the first guy or the second guy?if you're the first guy, i don't think i came off as mad. you're probably reading that on your own. I certainly wasn't mad at youIf you're the second guy, then I'm replying to your totally real life opinion that "sending raw data over the internet should be a crime", which is not just against the notion of net neutrality, but a fucking retarded approach to handling network saturation and rationing in the first place. I'm trying to make it salient to you that your suggestion was stupid.
I dont know how ftp works-the post
it seems like one of those throw away comments like "jail all Mexicans" but then people realize "where did all the burritos go?"
You're probably one of those people who compress a movie into a rar and split it before putting the torrent on a tracker.
"jail all mexicans" has memeworthy qualities. "raw data transmission should be illegal" is just fucking bizarre. It's too bizarre to have taken any way other than genuinely. If you were kidding, you should've probably said substantively more than that one point, because it just looked like you decided you needed to be a contrarian today.
oh yeah I hate that guy, yeah if you are that guy I hope you get gang-raped
TFW 2 episodes left and nothing has even happened. Show has absolutely shit pacing.
wait I was agreeing with you man, I'm not even the original guy. I just meant it was a comment made by someone that hasn't really thought it through enough.
OH sorry. this anonymity shit makes it hard to follow. Yeah it definitely has parallels in the sense that both are kind of half-baked
Following the usual sitcom format of a thing that happens every episode with something carrying over to the nextHate it, killed the pacing for me. I felt they avoided that shit earlier in the first season and it felt like it was paced more like a drama, which I enjoyed immensely.Now I'm just left disappointed at the end of every episode unless Amanda Crew is in it for more than 30 seconds, in which case it's usually balanced out for me
the fact that the entire business is around one single compression algorithm sort of takes away from a normal startup business atmosphere. They either market it or they dont, and if they do, then the show is over as their is nothing left for the business to do
Season 3 is gonna be a whole legal drama
please no
I bet there is going to be an issue of gender neutral bathrooms
watching television
know reason Learn to speak faggot
 Working on a monitor tan
Tfw no qt wife to have a comfy vidya podcast with and rub my feet on the daily
The show is still good but in my opinion the first season was better. It had better story and the whole season felt like bit more drama based.
Does this show rustle anyone else?No, I generally like it.It has some really good moments, and also some dumb ones, like the one you mentioned.The best part of it is the accuracy of the startup scene, not the technology. It's a comedy, not a documentary.
implying they won't be sued by a woman employee
fucking this. autists get over yourself.
discussions like this remind me of wabi sabi, isnt that what its called when something is good despite flaws
so many autistic fucks in this thread, please stop watching the show
maybe, sorry, wouldn't know. but if that is the meaning, it's appropriate here. Silicon Valley is hardly perfect, but it's not terrible and arguably not bad either.Certainly if you compare to a lot of other comedy shows where techy/geeky culture gets exposure, you see far far far worse caricatures. At least in this series you see a kernel of realism in the characters maybe more than a kernel, but that's mostly due to the real bay area being truly batshit fucking bonkers than this show being particularly restrained
We could have a whole season about them struggling to chose a license after deciding to make it open sores.
if you don't like a tv show you are an autist
His standup is breddy Gud too
What major company is Hooli supposed to be based off?  Google?  Apple?
That was  a great read, thanks anon.
dude, suits is awesome, whats the matter?
no, if you dont like a tv show, you are a person. if you dont like a show and you watch it anyway just to point out it's flaws, you're an autist.
they're a google analog, they were first introduced as a search company, even though they reference both google and apple.
it was good when it was Game of Suits
what is with that stupid pose? reminds me of pepe
It might have been intentional.

REEEEEEEEwhat does this mean
I could never watch that show. Just looking at the picture is triggering my autism. Fucking normie-tier programmer bullshit
Doesn't know what the newest maymay meansREEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!
I love that show. The one in front and the one right to him are pretty autistic. Then there's the awkward Pakistani. The other two are pretty chill in their own ways, one is a loudmouth and a ladykiller, the other one is a "we can do this on our own" guy, both smoke weed
but how else would you know if you like a show or not
It's a fictional show. Thats why. It's entertainment, not meant to be used as a reference like you apparently think it is.
they delete thousands of hours of video somehow by holding down the delete key after the huge VOD client apparently saw nothing wrong with giving them write access to everythingDoes this show rustle anyone else?No, because you see it's what we call "fiction", and sometimes the writers need to introduce what are known as "plot points" which allow them to develop the story.As this is fiction, there is no need to be so hung up on the plot point which may be on slightly dodgy technical ground.
a bit, but it's still surprisingly accurate for a tv show
You won't believe how many people are struggling to convince their bosses to use version control, and all they get for response is "but it only werks in theoretical scenarios and besides we have no issues yet".
Implying that hot women don't look for a betabucks to cuckoldlel
It went to shit after season 3 and dropped it.
plot doesn't have to make sense guys

delete key deletes shitdoesn't make sense.just because you're a fucking sperg doesnt mean the whole world is.lrn2Suspension of disbelief
That was good for a few episodes as well.Then it jumped the shark completely. And now it's not even the same show anymore, starting this season. It's shit.
They haven't beat the dick joke or the adderall scene yet, this season is meh.
he is canadian
tfw you go to prison for stumbling upon top secret government documents
I love the way the NSA's system of making TOR users feel threatened now operates on 4chan :D
Give me the basics, /g/Your recommendations so I can make my plan galaxy into a working machine
Dude there's like... a picture of you in your picture... taking a picture of you.Dude.
Root it, install a custom bootloader TWRP, install a custom ROM AOSP or CyanogenmodThere are tutorials for each phone model on XDA.
Wouldnt rooting my phone cause harm
A living machine?Is that like a cyborg?
Hey /g/ just an update. I'm the guy who had the missing display drivers and the obviously broken screen on pic related. I didn't get the chance to work with it or anything.. I had a horrible day. A pipe busted behind the toilet and my entire house flooded before I could turn the water off. My phone got wet, so I put it in rice and thank goodness it works.. Overall... Fuck yesterday..
who here does two malware/virus scans before online banking on puter?
not using gentoo
I like to uninstall my antivirus software, open every spam email I had, click on all the links, download some porn from the dodgiest sites I can find also clicking all the ads I can find, then do my online banking.
Hello /g/ I need help setting up a Terminal Emulator, and I can't find help for this anywhere else.The picture above is the problem I'm having.I'm kind of new -facepalm- so how do I was wondering how I could find a host and port?pic related
have you triedinstalling gentoo?
What exactly is the problem? I can't see anything other than a putty main screen.
I have no idea what to post in the "Host Name or IP address field.
What exactly are you trying to do?If you need to connect through SSH to a linux box, just enter your hostname and press open.
You're confused. A terminal emulator is a program that emulates a terminal. This is the now used command line interface.Your PuTTY is used to establish a SSH connection to another computer. If you don't know that computer's IP, it's useless.
LOL HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Okay, great.So what is a terminal emulator I can use, because this was listed under terminal emulators on the wiki.
what do you need a terminal emulator for?
cygwin :^maybe mono or some retarded piece of assjust install linux
If you're on windows you can use cmd.exe, or Powershell. If you want a "Linux" Terminal you should use Cygwin.Or just install fucking Linux. What do you need that emulator for anyway?
My friend usually handles this stuff for me. I'm new to the tech field so I'm learning a lot of this stuff.I want to use it to run a command to download something, I'll take it from there. My friend says I should learn how to use one since it's apparently useful.
If you're trying to SSH 'remotely log in' to a remote server, you can slap the IP address of the server you're connecting to in their.For example, click 'Telnet' it's similar to SSH but has no encryption and is almost deprecated at this point and put the address towel.blinkenlights.nl in.If you're trying to use a console cable to log into a router or some other piece of hardware, you need to click Serial and where it'll say COM1, you need to change it to the COM port your serial adaptor lives on. This can be found by going to Devices and Printers from the Start Menu.
Wow okay that's really useful.Thanks.
Yeah, just install Cygwin then.To download something typewget 
listen toThe history of 'terminal emulators' is that back in the day you'd have a large expensive mainframe that would sit and do it's own thing in a dark and unused room, and users and administrators would access it via a terminal. The terminal would be a monitor + keyboard and some sort of communication link to the mainframe. Pic related.These terminals could do nothing without being connected to a mainframe, and the mainframe couldn't do much without being driven by a user on a terminal.As desktop PCs became popular, all the computing power started to live in the user's desk rather than in a different room. So users would use a VIRTUAL terminal, made of software, that runs on their local mainframe i.e. their desktop to tinker with things.cmd.exe is an MS-DOS window that has similar features to a UNIX-like virtual terminal, but isn't.
this time with pic
That's fascinating o:
The latest fad at the moment is to find these old dumb-terminals and hook them up to your modern PC for that retro-chic look. In this pic the little terminal is hooked up via a console cable to a Mac. The Mac is effectively acting a as a terminal server mainframe, and the terminal is logged in and running some program.As everyone else is saying, if you want to use a terminal emulator on Windows you'll need install Cygwin which is Linux-on-top-of-Windows. It's shit and I think you'd be better playing with an actual Linux installation.
How's the cmd in Windows10 btw? Weren't they planning to include a cli package manager? Maybe it's actually useful this time around.
just install a fucking proper os
I dunno. I only use Windows at work to run in-house software and get e-mails.I know nothing about Windows, which is quite worrying from a career standpoint.
Exactly the same as the cmd in windows 8 and 7 and Vista.
all indications point to it being a turd
So it's still shit. Huh. Who wudadunk. Ok OP, Cygwin is your only chance on Windows then.
Stay out of the kitchen kid.You can't handle the heat.
mintty is what you need
cmd is pretty much deprecated by nowPowershell replaces it in every way. andf yes, it's good.
When will i5 2500 become obsolete?When will i7 2600 become obsolete?
implying it already isn't
The mobile chips are still kickass performance wise they outclass most modern chips.The desktop ones... not so much
Define obsolete. Usually it is defined as something that is no longer produced and that one is no longer encouraged to buy because something better is available, a definition that fits both of those CPUs perfectly.
dat buyers' remorse ITTnot even skylake will be worth it i bet
Snaylke :DD
I dunno...
tfw because of current stagnation, I probably won't have to upgrade my current, already 2 years old, i7 4770 for another 10 years.
It isn't. I say this owning a 4770k.
based sandy bridgeliterally no reason to upgrade for a few years.
There's no realistic consumer use case today where a 2500 isn't enough
There's going to be a jump like from Nehalem to Sandy soon. Just you wait.
Looking at Intel's current timelines, no there won't, at least not for another two years
After Cannonlake it will happen
yeah a 2500k at 4.6 beats a newer i5what are you doing intlel?
Today...
I think the question should be: When will it make sense to upgrade from this processor?That'll be when the next major jump in performance happens.And if the next performance jump produces a similar processor, then the next time you'll have to upgrade, will be when the current silicon tech has come to an end.
Mobile cannonlake doesn't even come online until the end of next year, and it's incredibly doubtful they'll actually hit that timeline.Like I said, minimum of 2 years before anything major comes out of Intel in the desktop space
The post I replied to said 10 years you realize right?
That'll be when the next major jump in performance happens.Highly depends on what you're doing. If games keep doing what they're currently doing, that extra performance won't mean shit, as games are mostly limited by the GPU.Now, if you're rendering videos or shit like that, then you're completely right.
Well my currently computer I bought in 2013 and I still don't max out the cpu or ram, so at least 5 more years I reckon.I think a better question is when will developers make proper use of all the cores
He might not be wrong but probably is - all announced products aren't going to show the kind of jump you were saying. Intel is focusing hard on muh power consumption due to mobile. Wouldn't be surprised if it's another 3-5 years before we see that kind of jump.
when will game developers make proper use of all the coresFTFY. There's tons of software that handles multithreading perfectly well. You just don't use it. Hell, even Excel does and has for years.And not all tasks are inherently parallizable.
When Skylake launches in Q3
Wanting game developers to actually think while programmingSeriously, games are the worst optimized pieces of software. The cynical side of me says that it is to push expensive hardware.
Yeah it seems that for the last ~5 years the CPU has meant absolutely jack shit in games, except for few out there.Processors haven't been a real bottleneck for ages.I do agree that if you're doing someting else than gaming, then it's pretty much beneficial to always try and get the best on the market.
Skylake is shitI bought me a 3770K2500K is also good if you only game
I hope skylake comes out for the winter deal at intel retail edge
And here I am still using Nehalem master race
mfw it will be broken a short while before thatmfw I have no .jpgs
Who fucking cares about consumer processors? The E5 Xeons are where it's at... I've got 28 physical cores in my dual socket mobo. You can get 36 if you really had the cash to blow. The E5-2697v3's were good enough for me.
I'm actually more interested to see what they do with the laptop processors next. Laptop 4700HQ is almost exactly on par with the 2600k and consumes half the power and that came out two years ago.
When will a Phenom II X4 become obsolete?Serious question, I've been using one since 2009 and it still works excellently.
Fuck off Linus
For what purpose?
Once a cpu of equal price as the 2500k was new is 50% better. So, 10 more years?
General faggotryOK, not really, I use it for simulations
Well that's understandable
Who fucking cares about consumer processors?General consumers, like 99% of pc builders
? I can literally do that on my 1960s NASA CPU.
I was just pointing out to all the people that think cpu performance is stagnating, that it's really not. They simply aren't mass produced because Facebook doesn't need 18 hyperthreading cores
I don't think you could even store the single-precision coordinates of the 1 million particles in my simulation system on all of the computers available in 1960
Facebook doesn't, but 4chan does
Honestly I kind of hate webm for general purposes. Firstly because I can't expand all images and have them all playing. Even if that were possible webm threads would probably freeze anyones computer. Also you can't click the image to close them and you can't drag them to the desktop to save. Damn it 4chan
4chanX lets you preload webms and click to open and close them. No drag and drop though, but I alt+click the filename
That is literally the most autistic shit i have ever seen.
Currently the best board on 4chan. Fist time I've laughed to something on this site in 3 years/wsg/640840
My i7-2700k is still more than I need and I plan to use it for the foreseeable future. Maybe up to another five years. I prefer to buy more expensive things that need replacing less often, when possible.
What about pic related?201032nm
not still using a core2duo/quadplebs
core 2not i7 920or xeon 5650
i got a q6600 in my secondary rig
buying placebo
I am literally and metaphorically AND poetically doing it RIGHT NOW.
six cores instead of twovastly higher IPCovercockable
When will i5 2520M become obsolete?When will GTX 750Ti become obsolete?When will R9 280X become obsolete?When will HD 7970 become obsolete?When will Q6600 become obsolete?
Who /pentium 4/ here?
10 yearsNigger we won't be on silicon before that.
Q6600 is still relevant
six cores instead of twovastly higher IPCovercockableimplying not placeboI bet you have a ssd as well ayy
GTX 750TiWell despite being pricy its the best low profile card, and it seems its gonna still that way for some timeIsn't it short on single thread performance
When will GTX 1080TI be obsolete goise?When will gasoline power cars be obsolete?WHEN WILL FUCKING LUNGS BE OBSOLETE?TELL ME!!!! I CAN'T GENERATE MY OWN OPINIONS AND I NEED THE INTERNET TO TELL ME!!!!!!!!
You are obsolete. Kill yourself.
When will gasoline power cars be obsolete?Fifteen years.
how high could you ovenclock the g3258 if you cooled it with liquid nitrogen? Remember: base clock is 3.2 GHz, but they WANT you to overclock it.
I'm going to hold you to that anon. Don't you fucking lie to me.
done
see you were looking for Google and ended up on 4chan. We're sorry.
this kid with his i7-870when will Pentium III become obsolete?
I dont intend on switching from this until theres a consumer chip that can provide similar or better performance for under 1 grand.Hopefully Zen will deliver
Still using my 2520m, pretty good, but horrible temperature...t420s
Performance wise, very soon 1-2 years, but I may be thinking of the original Phenoms. Admittedly I'm a /v/ guy, but a problem I had with the Phenom of old is that it emulated games very poorly.My college uses the i5-2500S in their fleet and they crumble under full load. Although they're obviously two different models, I could only imagine that the i5-2500 has similar shortcomings in terms of heat transfer.The i7-2600 on the other hand should be good for another 2 years. Game on.I owned a Core 2 Quad q6600 for several years and it was awesome, though it's honestly a very dated chip with limited instructions. Most applications handle it no problem though.When will GTX 750Ti become obsolete?zelda_ha.oggWhen will R9 280X become obsolete?When will HD 7970 become obsolete?In about a year or so, when AMD introduces a new model that is more powerful and roughly the same MSRP but ironically is a step down in the product line.I feel your pain, I wonder if I should go open air with a cooling pad for my laptop.
going to be a jump like from Nehalem to Sandy soonThis was a jump? I'm still using my i7 920 without issue. Upgraded my GPU 3 times and I'm still using slow ass SATA 2, but the cpu is strong!
mfw i7 5820k OC'd to 4.4ghz
i7 2600 3.4ghzI bought this thing like 5 years ago and it's still going fine I think. I know jack shit about processors though aside from apparently i7's are overkill.Should I upgrade?
Nehalem CPUs are still great CPUs for anyone who isn't a PC gamer.
I OC'd my 5960X higher than that. I shit on you.
Will i5 2500k bottleneck the equivalent of a 280/290 in the 3xx series?obviously overclocked
No, bottleneck is just a meme outside of dual cores and mid range fx procesors.
whats wrong with an i7-870?
i7 8704gb 680sound blaster zyour computer is odd
2500Render times are just fine. and on the go calculations in Civil3d are silky smooth. I dont see the need for a more powerfull CPU in the next 5 years. Maybe for AI intensive gaymen like Arma 3. But not for the average user.
Considering that the Core2Quad is still very capable, I don't think so. Heck, my T61 is still faster or equivalent to most mid-range laptops out there.
Skylake should be about 30% better IPCI hope it can OC to around 5ghz easily like my Sandy can, Haswell is a bitch to get past 4.8
Arma 3 have yet to actually use multi-threading correctly...
The real jump was from core to nehalem
2016.when zen comes.
tfw my 2600K is limited by my poor choice of moboalso holy shit this guy in the next office is clacking away with his model M. I blame you for this, /g/
So if they tinker with the multi threading in arma 4 im good for another 10 years..?
Zen
I am reading this on a Q6600 machine
Me too, and my home PC is a 2600K.
I have no inclination to upgrade anytime soon.
I had a 2500k running at 4.5Ghz 24/7 and bought a 4670k....
upgrading from one i5 to anotherwhy? you could have at least get i7 4770
Glad that's settled
thank fuck, finally.i hate people who say gif instead of saying gif. shit pissed me off so much. thanks op.
Glad I could help
original creator pronounces it "jif".yeah sure. JRAPHICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT.oh, he also calls GUI "gooey".
Stop it. This thread is about g, not j.
I always assumed it was pronounced gif. Now I feel like a fool.
It's like, we already have a word pronounced Jiff, it's Jiff
jee jee jee jee baby baby baby
"ji-fu"
All English scholars agreed that it's pronounced like the word "GIFT" without the letter "T".
jizz
two words can't sound the sameNice English skills you've got m8.Only if you pronounce gift as jift. But yeah.
jeff
giant german geronimo gif
For anyone saying 'jif'Name an acronym that's not pronounced with the same pronunciation as the first word
GIF.
kekBut no, seriously
giraffe
GIF. Pronounced "jiff", while the first word is pronounced "graphics".
pointyou
GPGGNUAIXIBM
Fine, an acronym that's spoken as word
You don't speak these acronyms? You just throw your hands up and making wailing noises until people understand what you mean?Sorry you got proven wrong, no need to be salty.
This much damage control
I'd say we both get credit for dodging the questions.
True, but you get my pointSomeone making up a word or acronym doesn't mean they can rewrite the rules of English
gnu
JRAPHICSThat's not how acronyms work, look at JPEG.GIMPCAF Central African Republic
Englishrules
Someone making up a word or acronym doesn't mean they can rewrite the rules of EnglishiPhone
agreed. anarchy the language, really.
jooeyApple, XEROX and Microsoft are key innovators in jooey technology.Illuminati confirmedRockerfellers confirmedRothschilds confirmedBilderberg confirmed
How about "seequel" being "ess cue elle."Or "lih-noose" being "lie-nus."Or "paki" being "employable."
Could someone show me the code for a 'choose your own adventure' game like Zork or the hitch hikers guide to the galaxy coded in JavaScript? thanks in advance even if you cant help.
Mfw java's class magic number's are CA FE BA BE
Not DEADBEEFUnderage please
Nice blog post, faggot./g/ - Shitposting
FUCKING TRIGGERED!You thing this is fucking funny?!! This is what's wrong with the software industry. This is why young girls all over the world stay away from computers. This is why all males should be held responsible for the awful  situation we're in. Fuck you sun and fuck you Oracle. I expect you to fix your mistake or else.
5318008Read upside down :P
Oh shit, that's awesome. How'd you think of something so sweet, bro?
"We used to go to lunch at a place called St Michael's Alley. According to local legend, in the deep dark past, the Grateful Dead used to perform there before they made it big. It was a pretty funky place that was definitely a Grateful Dead Kinda Place. When Jerry died, they even put up a little Buddhist-esque shrine. When we used to go there, we referred to the place as Cafe Dead. Somewhere along the line it was noticed that this was a HEX number. I was re-vamping some file format code and needed a couple of magic numbers: one for the persistent object file, and one for classes. I used CAFEDEAD for the object file format, and in grepping for 4 character hex words that fit after "CAFE" it seemed to be a good theme I hit on BABE and decided to use it. At that time, it didn't seem terribly important or destined to go anywhere but the trash-can of history. So CAFEBABE became the class file format, and CAFEDEAD was the persistent object format. But the persistent object facility went away, and along with it went the use of CAFEDEAD - it was eventually replaced by RMI."
dude its sick that inventors of numbers put this easter egg in
It wasn't the 'inventors of numbers' you fucking idiot.It was the inventors of letters.
it was Al Gore you shitlords
Cant find a way to have a button click to website link can you guys please help outusing android studio here's my .java//IMPORTS     public class MainActivity extends Activity {    @Override    protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState {        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState;        setContentViewR.layout.activity_main;        final MediaPlayer triplemp = MediaPlayer.createthis, R.raw.ohbabyatriple;        Button triple = Buttonthis.findViewByIdR.id.triple;        triple.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener {            @Override            public void onClickView view {                if triplemp.isPlaying {                    triplemp.seekTo0;                } else {                    triplemp.start;                }            }        };        final MediaPlayer damnsonmp = MediaPlayer.createthis, R.raw.damnsonwheredidyoufindthis;        Button damnson = Buttonthis.findViewByIdR.id.damnson;        damnson.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener {            @Override            public void onClickView view {                ifdamnsonmp.isPlaying {                    damnsonmp.seekTo0;                }                else {                    damnsonmp.start;                }            }        };//MORE SOUNDS ETC        Button stop = Buttonthis.findViewByIdR.id.stop;        stop.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener {            @Override            public void onClick View view {                iftriplemp.isPlaying {                    triplemp.pause;                    triplemp.seekTo0;                }                ifdamnsonmp.isPlaying {                    damnsonmp.pause;                    damnsonmp.seekTo0;                }//MORE STOPPING ETC            }        };    }    }
bump
[/ code]
b1 = Button findViewByIdR.id.btn_webbrowser;b1.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener{@Overridepublic void onClickView view{Intent i = newIntentandroid.content.Intent.ACTION_VIEW,Uri.parse“
Thank you immensely!
did u even attempt to google this? do u even know how to program or know java?
So even /g/ is affected by Summer
This is my review of the worst case I have ever seen, it is my friend's "Budget" PC case.
What case was it?
Ultra Gladiator Mid-Tower Case
friend's Link to product,  you amazing retard
You really made us ask?
I have a Corsair 350D this is my friend's case
ULTRAthese guys still exist? good lord talk about ricer bullshit.
Rate my Battlestation /g/
Can you guys please help me?A few nights ago, I was about to fall asleep and suddenly my desktop computer turned on by itself. I was like wtf and then turned it back off. Twenty minutes later, it did it again, so I turned it off then unplugged the power cord.The next day, I plugged it back in and when I pressed the power button, nothing happens. My pc won't even start. I changed AC cord, no luck. Tried different outlets, nothing. I even looked inside to see if maybe my power supply disconnected from the mobo but no. Everything seemed snug.What the fuck do I do? Any suggestions? I really don't have the money to take it to a pc shop for them to give me a 100$ diagnosis.Please help.
It's either a ghost in the machine or the singularity just happened. Fuck.
Pls help tho I'm srs
Damn that's some spooky shit op I wont sleep tonight I guess
NSA's watching you bro.
tumblrNo really this is a perfect excuse to get a proper power supply. Get a gold Seasonic or something
Fucking skinwalkers
replace power supply
This is a brand new power supply though...Maybe 6 months old. I spent a couple hundred on it. I just don't understand why this happened
Not op, but Ive had similar happen to me with the computer turning itself back on when it was in sleep mode.Does anyone know what the fuck?
Sounds like nerve gas OP
Check the logs. Windows often wakes itself accidentally depending on power/update settings. Five seconds on good would have told you the answer.
Most likely the power supply, did you build the computer yourself or buy a per-built? You can try taking a hair dryer and blowing hot air into your psu for 1-2 minutes, plus your cord in and try powering it on.
This sounds like one of those times when 4chan tells you something to break your computer even more
No, watch a video on youtube or something. It does work but mostly when your psu is on life support and near death.
Put your pc in the oven for 1 minutesIf it works for GPU, why don't it works for the whole thing? And I guess it will make the jew ghosts away.
No, the oven is where the jew ghosts live.  It might actually attract jew ghosts in there.
Fuck off, tripfag
I always just assumed botnet tbh.I switched to linux now so its all in the past.My win7 iso is some sketchy shit really.
If you are trying to get him to reflow his powersupply then it really has to be on a flat surface and he better hope no caps are upside down int here dont want shit falling out of place.
You seem to resent my expertise of the supernatural.  Perhaps if you bask in the deep mystery of a post whose number ends in repeating digits you may unfog you're mind?
Fahget detected, this is /g/ not /lit/
I guess you're referring to my eloquent diction?  No worries, friend, repeating digits salve all resentments.
WE FOUND A FAHGIT, GIT EM'
*your
why are people allowed to use tripcodes on ths site, they're uniformly insufferable
Your right.

could it be that you're a shitwit who accidentally hit the switch on the back of the psu while you were unplugging it?
secureAlso shit singles, dude
Check mouse power management.
Someone's fucking with you OP.
implying op has someone at his house capable of sending the magic packetIm the other guy that had this issue, noone else at my house knows anything about wake on lan, and everything of I haves ip is a digit off from the rest of the house xxx.xxx.0.xxx vs xxx.xxx.1.xxxSo even if they by chance had something to send it out on, it wouldnt be heard by my devices.
fuck you. falcon is the only tripfag with a valid opinion
Disable wireless wakeupHoly shit remember when /g/ wasn't filled with retards and moderated by teenagers?
any tripfagvalid opinionyou forgot your trip son
couple hundredpower supplykek I don't even know anyone that needs a desktop power supply that costs more than $150 USD.
Wake On Lan doesn't check out. Even if there was a neighbor who knew how to send a wake on lan packet he'd have to saturate the guy's connection with UDP packets just to brute force his mac address.
In my opinion, the most likely cause is that his area has rolling brownouts. His BIOS probably has a feature that allows it to automatically return the computer to its previous state upon regaining power. It must have been set to turn the computer on upon regaining power.Those rolling brownouts must have fried his equipment. Should have used a surge protector fegit.
402 here, I was basically saying I doubt that it has to do with wake on lan..idk why you quoted me on that.also it would be far easier to crack the wifi, scan for hosts, and then send the wake on lan packet.. idfk what your on about saturating.. shits not science.
My problem is that my computer won't go into sleep mode anymore. Built it myself about a year ago, and if I didn't feel like turning it off completely overnight I'd just put it in sleep mode, but about a month ago it just refused to do it. All that happens is the monitor turns off and I get the standard "no signal detected" message. I can leave it for half an hour and it'll still be on, I just wiggle the mouse and it goes to the Windows lock screen. Anyone got any ideas what might be wrong?
, 
Do not love him already 3....
the developer edition comes with linux. kek.
Dell XPS L502x how I love thee. Still is my main laptop.
Mine also. Too bad the battery is dying
Is XFS under development? If not recommend me a filesystem pls post facts
NTFS it just werks
Nobody can recommend a filesystem without knowing what kind of environment you're trying to setup. Its like asking which tool is right for a project without telling anyone what the project is.
Whoops, that's true, I'm using XFS on /home and had BTRFS on / but shit was buggy.Laptop, workstation.
Why not just use ext4? It's a fucking laptop. Not some server you're trying to optimize extra milliseconds of responsiveness from
Why don't we make a new filesystem?
It could be called FFS. So when these threads come up everyone can respond appropriately at the sheer stupidity.
Have fun defragging moronext4 is still king until btrfs is ready for actual use.
reminder that XFS cant be resized
It can't be shrunk, it can grow up to 16EB.
WHEN WILL RAID5 BE STABLE ON BTRFS?!
ReiserFS is killing itJokes asides, I have played a bit with btrfs and it is pretty great but I don't really have a use for it yet.
Whatever your OS defaults toAnd release it under the MIT license so we can actually have a good cross-platform filesystem?
Use EXT4, m8.XFS is for high performance applications such as DBs and what not. That being said, I use a XFS RAID10 array on my home server. Make sure you have at least kernel 3.16 and enable CRC checksums. Whatever you do, NEVER disable barriers.
NTFSAbsolutely disgusting. Proprietary trash that corrupts easier than a Japanese politician.
FFS already exists, it's a BSD file system.
Not using HAMMER/g/ is filled with naught but plebians.
It doesn't even work on anything except dragonflyBSD. I am interested in HAMMER2 though
I'm running Linux on F2FS on my SSD.Much faster then EXT4.
Proprietary trash that corrupts easier than a Brazillian politicianFTFY
XFS a shit
I can resize HFS+ partitions on my boot drive in OS X, that doesn't make it a good FS.
So why did RedHat replace the default filesystem in RHEL7 with xfs instead of ext4?
F2FSThey should've gone with FFFS.
Maybe for the same reason RedHat uses the worst package manager and worst DE
Because it supports larger volumes and handles large files better. It doesn't matter on smaller volumes.
btrfs is ready for actually useIt's only been 7 years :^
Reiser4.- Small file efficiency- B* tree based- Defers tree balancing and space allocation until writeout- Modular design permits extension.Recently had an implementation of TRIM/Discard written by Ivan Shapovalov..It's also fast as fuck.
What fucking OS? Just use ext4 and stop trying to be a ricer. Unless you are on BSD don't use XFS, XFS is shit under loonix.
This video is kinda interesting. the other filesystems grew in size and complexity but XFS actually got simpler in design and the simplification actually improved performance, scalability, and allowed for features to be added.
And murders your wife.
Do you need better support for 2TB filesystems, 64-bit inodes for shittons of files, or something to run on top of RAID?XFS.Is it a single disk of less than 2TB?ext4.Do you take dicks in your ass?HFS+.
How do you feel about this?
Bullshit feminism pushing females where their brains aren't good enough to do anything, and if they fail at applying to job/working they would just become a media sensation, at how the patriarchy is infiltrating the world.There's a reason there aren't females in programming, and it isn't inequality, khem, khem.
SoftwareEngineerkek
Wow epic post!!!The problem with this is that a 10 week software bootcamp simply won't prepare you to be as successful as earning a degree from a prestigious university regardless of your gender.It's unfortunate that programs like this combined with the trend of companies being forced into diversifying their workforce end up placing under-qualified women in positions they shouldn't have which only ends up hurting their cause in the long run.
why is there a black dude there? is he a teacher?
women has changed it's meaning to "anybody who's not white, male, straight and cis"
DudeLol
Cash grab that no employer will recognize or respect.
Thats a lesbianI agree. I'd actually have to seriously question someone's judgement if they applied with that on their resume.
goes to a job interview"I went to HACKbright Academy"OH IT SHOWS
GirlBlack dudeMacSoftware engineeroh i am laffin
tfw forced to hire female programmers by bosstfw almost fired when I refused for 2 weekstfw female candidates were all blithering idiots who couldn't even manage a single fizzbuzz off a list of 10.tfw they're both making almost as much as me, and like 20k more than their male team membersI was almost tempted to record my boss and take them to court.
le Mac is not goodwell mem'd
le mac is not good is a meme memeniceme.me
become a software engineer in 10 weeksI wonder how they define "sofware engineer"People throw it around like some buzzword these days
wish i'd been in position to run a similar scam, it looks like a good 'un
Who is going to hire somebody with just a certificate of some no-name 10-week program?Especially for a "Software Engineer" role which generally implies some level of input on the whole process and not just fixing the padding of text or running testsOh it's a "school for women"
Stories that never happened.Nice animu pic mantitties
nigger and women in same picture because of muhnoritywomen are a minority when they make up half of the earth
More like women and blacks are their target market
that picture makes me want to leave this planet
women are a minority when they make up half of the earthbut they are a minority in teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeechI don't understand why this upsets people so much
What do they actually do?
Wait a moment, is that thing on the right a woman?
if it's seriously this easy to become a software engineer then sign me up, scotty
It's quite evidently a dyke or a man with very feminine facial features
It's as easy as it is to get a title without any formal recognition
Seems a little long, 2 weeks tops to be a proficient software engineer, the only skill required is autism
I don't understand why this upsets people so muchBecause it's okay for men to make a majority of dirty jobs and workplace deaths, but the cushy jobs need equality because every girl is a beautiful princess who deserves to be treated how she wants and not based on her actions.
might be a tranny.
MOM. MOM I GOT INTO HACKBRIGHT. FUCKING YESSSSSSAAAAAHHHHHHH
agreedi encourage any male here to stand up to feminism bullshit and not allow women to take over in the tech industry. It most likely won't happen tho so im not seriously worried. Their stupid reasons, logic lack thereof and pathetic excuses has no place in the tech world.let women become writers and write stupid ass pro feminism "women do nothing wrong" articles.
Topics Covered    Command Line    Python    Javascript    HTML & CSS    Git    Flask    Pair Programming    SQL/ORMs/NoSQL    Deployment    Data Structures & Algorithms    Interview Skills    Best PracticesHow the fuck is this a software engineering course kekIt's just basic junior programmer stuff
we have about 15% female programmers and all 3 of them worker faster and better than most male colleagues. This isn't america here, so maybe that's why.
Tuition is $15,000people are paying 15k dollars for that

trust me. American women are fucking retarded in 2015so yea its prob your countryalso, every good female programmer i have ever come across in real life....guess what? NON AMERICAN
Nuke southern california and the problem is solved
They're supposed to write programs that us engineers design to crunch big data for marketing firms.  Basically they're code monkeys.  A large part of their job is formatting legacy databases and shit from other firms to work with current programs.  There's been multiple complaints that both of them constantly rely on help from the rest of their team.
Because they are dumb cunts who just want to marry a rich man with a big dick.
Bukakke
One of the teachersLikes: readable code, dinosaurs, eating while driving, and finding intersectionality between technology and cultureeating while driving
would anyone here bust nuts on that dyke niggers face? be honest
I feel cheated.I mean, you wont be an accredited engineer after those ten weeks, so you're not technically a software engineer, but still I feel like the last years of my life were stolen from me.
I wouldn't pop my cherry with that ugly thing, it needs to be someone special
If the program doesn’t meet your expectations in the first 2 weeks, we’ll give you your money back less your down payment.Someone here should attend it just for the lulz
Yes.  The Korean female programmers are probably the most entertaining.  They are always in a thinly veiled panic state.  Pro tip: never complain to a Korean corp.  Heads will roll and they're quite likely to commit suicide.
Wait nevermind, you probably won't be acceptedWhy women only?In short, we hate the Dave-to-Girl Ratio in software development. We want to do our part to equalize this imbalance, and we felt that a program exclusively for women was a good place to start. For the record, there will only be 1 Dave in the classroom.
And who the fuck is Dave
some of the asian/korean grill programmers at my uni are hella anksty and into it like crazy. It definitely is entertaining. They usually come through, though. Which is good. Never see MURRICAN women do any of that shitthey're too busy posting on social media about Zac Efron's ripped body.
$15k.$1500 a week.$300 a day.$300 a day.wut
at my uniI was referring to Korean programmers from Korea.
people are paying 15k dollars for that"Trust me, I'm a poster on /g/, I think I know my stuff about an entire country's population of women."
Yes, its name is RachelRachel is a colorful nerd who loves making bad jokes, drooling over robots, and wearing outfits that match her bicycle, Sunshine. She studied computer science at the Illinois Institute of Technology and previously worked as a software developer for ThoughtWorks, where she challenged folks to address the lack of diversity and question the idea of meritocracy. A believer in the importance of mentorship, Rachel has volunteered with Black Girls Code and the Startup Weekend Oakland: Black Male Achievement Hackathon. She's also been a panelist at the Out for Tech conference for LGBTQ college students as well as a speaker at the Open Source Bridge conference. She's now pursuing her passions by teaching others how to program and performing in a drag troupe boy band called Every Direction
check this outpisses me off. Angry feminists detected.Why not make it 4 women and 4 men thing instead of all 8 have to be women? Why even bring gender into this? it's fucking stupid. You're trying to train and attend to people studying computer science, not spoon feeding the tech industry with women for the sole purpose of getting more women in the tech because women want more women in the tech industry. It's just another fucking stupid movement they're pulling off not for the good of tech, but so they can be recognized more and feel wanted.I'll tell you what makes men want you. Fucking cooking and cleaning and being my little whore in the bedroom. Bitch.^Honestly I'm not that big of an asshole but i really do think it was fucking dumb to limit the house to only women.
Wait so is it a dude or what? That didn't help at all.
i know i was just agreeing with you that they are entertaining
Their introduction to programming program is $3000$3000 to learn how to fizzbuzz
I think a point is being missed here. No, the course is by no means complete and the list of subjects isn't impressive on its own. However, the course covers enough to thoroughly acquaint one with most of the relevant concepts and patterns used in modern software development. It's not going to enable anybody to write an office suite or a kernel module, but it will enable someone to produce a highly functional web application or API for a native front end written by somebody else. It also paves the way for more advanced concepts.The idea behind any of these coding boot camps is practical knowledge first, theoretical masturbation later so the individual has something they can actually *use* before the turn of the century.It might be hard to believe, but there's a serious demand for people who're great with a web stack out here in silicon valley, and this course caters to exactly that. It'll peter out eventually, but if people exploit it while they can more power to them.
Dangerous Dave, fuck yeah.do our part to equalize this imbalanceSJWism strikes again.
It's a girl who dresses like a dude
She studied computer science at the Illinois Institute of Technology and previously worked as a software developer for ThoughtWorks, where she challenged folks to address the lack of diversity and question the idea of meritocracy.she challenged folks to address the lack of diversity and question the idea of meritocracy.question the idea of meritocracy.The fucking nigger knows they can never stand up on an equal playing ground.I'm getting real tired of lesser races being so privileged because they're lesser races.  It's disgusting that the Caucasion governments have been manipulated into this shit.
not really related but just some more feminism i came across today. Thought you would "like" it.i guess when male pro athletes are accused of domestic violence every women rages and shit hits the fan, but when it's a female pro athlete it's swept under the rug. I even love how the article title, and the article itself got special treatment.
Everyone is so fucking racist no one mentioned the shitty design. White text on white in 2015? Not in my internet.
How do you feel about this?Bad, tricking people to fall for this is quite nasty. But then again, how can I have respect for someone tricked so easily?
I feel like it doesn't belong on /g/
class="quote"We learned surrounded by other women, which took away some of the initimidation that could occur.Whilst giving us a sheltered experienceDavid was our personal networker so we could focus on learning.Personal networker? Wtf does that even mean?We built an automatic network with other professional women.Can't argue with thatWe were able to learn about how to deal as a woman in a male-dominated profession.Despite saying earlier that there were no men around?No one got kicked out for not being able to keep up I've heard that's the case at DevBootcamp.Why is that a bad thing? You think someone will hire you if you can't keep up? What value are you if you can't?We could choose to do our own project I've heard that's not the case at DevBootcamp.Because every job you get will let you pick your own project.Engineers are in demand, and female engineers are even more so. Hackbright is getting extra attention from companies for that. Why female engineers moreso?
anime retard being in a position to hire Keksd
As a female it bothers me as I spent 5 years in college to get my degree [spoiler]at least it was free lel[/spoiler]. The point of equality is to have the same rights as men and to prove that we are as much as capable as them.I doubt any employer will take them seriously unless they have the skills. Perhaps in america, but in Europe very few in the IT would be willing to pay someone to just look pretty.
They'll pay them to praise Allah
The point of equality is to have the same rights as menTrue.and to prove that we are as much as capable as them.This is not the point of equality.  It will also never happen.
Nothing.www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvMZTMpipGA
Why the fuck are they laughing? This matter isn't a joke unlike learning some other programming language.

so apparently by not being a white male, you're put to the front of the line as far as careers in tech go.i doubt she is truly a software engineer
tfw no /g/f
She is a soft stud
a college brochure featuring minorities, women or obvious homosexualsnever seen such a thing before in my life
Hackbright Academy is the leading engineering school for women. We graduate more women software engineers per year than Stanford and UC Berkeley combined.
is it even possible to become a software engineer in 10 weeks? serious questiontheres just no fucking way
NoEspecially since they aren't learning any of the stuff that constitutes software engineering disciplines
This is enough to get you well on your way, so dont be that elitist douchebag that happens to know a bit more than this skillset.
What do they learn at these types of """schools"""
I'm not being "elitist" I'm just pointing it that the syllabus has very little to do with software engineering if at all
I can imagine they teach you a language and how to work with some easy program.
see 
google has an android development program. 200 bucks a months. 6-9 months long and they claim you can get a high paying job after youre done with itthoughts? don't have the link so just google it
Sounds like bullshit. Android development pays like shit
yes not to be a macfag but doesn't the Apple app store make like 10x as much money as Android?
I don't think that is relevant in this case, It just pays less because there are a lot of people interested in android development, and software devs love undercutting each other and driving wages down
tfw would be happy making 60k a year
Yes, iOS apps typically bring in significantly more cash than their android counterparts. As  says though, that's not really relevant. The main reason Android development pays like shit is because Java is by far the most easily outsource programming language on the planet, whereas Objective-C/Swift developers are still a somewhat rare breed. You won't find many of them outside of first world countries.
agreedanyone could get a fucking java job
I see, thank you
Something else that contributes to iOS paying better is that outsourced apps won't sell for shit on the App Store. Competition is brutal. If your app isn't excellent or extremely popular it's going to die alone and forgotten at the bottom of Apple's app barrel, and not just anybody is capable of that.
Can confirm lelHere, If you don't do the right networking while still in university you are fucked, many years of experience and/or some measure of luck will be necessary to escape the corporate outsourcing hell
eating while drivingfinding intersectionality between technology and cultureThis is disgusting. Reminds me of the kind of horseshit someone in advertising would write on their bio.
colorfulSeriously? The bio for the black dyke has "colorful" as the 4th word? I this a fucking joke? Because I am laffin. And don't get me started on that last line. Holy fuck my keks
i wish i was a colorful gay nigger dyke who wears boy ties and sings in a boy band.......then i could maybe make it in the tech industryjesus fucking christ.

why the fuck do women, gay people, and black people have their own fucking coding groups? isn't the whole point of america is to treat each other as if we are one and equal? imagine the outcry if there was a WHITE MALE PROGRAMMING HACKATHONjesus FUCKING CHRIST. These people must bring in some good money to these companies. It's more a social movement than anything.
It's the influence of social marxists, divide and conquer
Wait, are these all women? Are some of them dudes? I can't even tell.Regardless, the "Software Engineer" is the manliest and buffest of the bunch.
the grill in the yellow shorts has nice legs tho not gonna lie
She hasn't taken enough hormonesI wish lesbians were like in anime/porn
imagine the outcry if there was a WHITE MALE PROGRAMMING HACKATHONI'm upset that white people are being vilified for wanting what every other race wants and has.Fuck the people behind this shit.
I dunno, if all they have to do is create shitty websites, 10 weeks may just be enough. Sure, it will suck, they will be dependent on a specific stack, their code will be complete garbage and it's a giant rip-off. But for those people retarded enough to actually wanting to do web development, let them do their thing.
what is a social marxist? i understand divide and conquerwiki didnt really help
Oh of course I forgot to mention that calling those people "software engineers" is pretty funny.
White people rule the fucking world. Don't feel bad.Let these dyke black gay people lip sync One Direction videos and teach software engineering in 10 weeks.You have bigger and better things ahead, anon.
Cause they can't compete with Whites & Asians, so we give them a pass when they do this shitit's all condescending but it keeps them happy so whatever
Thanks.  I hope to make real contributions to the world one day.I'm so glad I'm white.
market a basic 10 week course in programming for womenget on that feminist waveproduce stronk independent women with a useless certificate in an area that takes years to actually developget fat checks that can't be refunded because womyn will find out too late about how she fucked upDunno, seems like win/win to me. I mean does anyone actually think someone with a lib arts degree and a 10 week certificate in software engineering of all things is going to be stealing your jobs?
It just seems SO wrong to me. It's wrong to categorize coding groups by race in the first place to me, but also isn't that racist in it's own way? How is it any different than back in the day when black people had their own water fountains? If black people, women, and gay people want to be treated equally then fine. That's great. I have no problem with peoples sexual orientation, race, etc. I understand there are different people out there. However they turn right back around and join/form these specialized groups for themselves. As a white male I can't join that coding group because I'm not black? Wow. Oh, I can't live in that house in Seattle because I'm a MALE Computer Science student? How fucking stupid.
I dunno, if you look at the syllabus it doesn't seem that bad, particularly since it goes from 10:00AM - 6:00PM every day of those ten weeks and covers most of anything that matters. That's 5,600 hours of actually doing something vs. your typical computer science course where maybe of a quarter of your day, if that, is spent actually developing something.Also as someone who lives and works in silicon valley, I can tell you that what companies out here value more than knowledge and raw skill is the ability to learn quickly. Only when you've got 6+ solid years of C++ under your belt does experience start to become more valuable, but then you've got the problem of only being interesting to a rather small subset of the industry.
See this is what I never understand eitherThey complain about a race or gender being too dominant in an area, so to address the issue they hold an ONLY female or ONLY black eventOk, segregate people based on race and gender. Good job?
Racism, sexism, etc is still very much alive today. It's honestly not that big of a deal because these social structures are designed to keep this small population of these people happy and to give them hope. This "become a software engineer in 10 weeks" thing is a fucking joke. A complete scam. Tech is so standard in 2015 it's to the point where a lot of people are infiltrating. There's going to be women, gays, blacks, etc who want in. These programs have to be made because people don't want to deal with angry people who pull the "it's because i'm gay" or "it's because i'm black" card. Do these people have skills? Sure they do. Are they really fucking SOFTWARE ENGINEERS? I highly doubt it. Other dude was spot on when he said this is more of a social movement than anything. They just latched onto the tech scene.
They'll know how to use WordPress and even how to install plugins.
lyingon the internet
It's already well known that sjw's and feminists are the biggest hypocrites on the planet. They do exactly the thing they advocate against.It's pathetic, really.
uhh i really hope you aren't serious
from their website:"Become part of a league of ladies disrupting the tech industry."Kill me. Now.
JavascriptHTMlYeah, hardcore software engineering curriculum.
but i doooo
exactly"we hate the Dave-to-Girl ratio in tech"so basically what they are saying is they are sexist. They are so offended that there just happens to be more men than women in the tech industry, they subconsciously think the reason for that is become men hate women, when in reality, companies are hiring the person with the better skill set and who is a better fit for the team. THEY are the ones being sexist by only helping and training a certain gender.Fuck this company I hope they fall flat on their face. But they probably won't. Plenty of women will cough up the 15k for this shitty program. If it was truly this simple to get a SE job in 10 weeks, every fucking body would be doing this program. Well, if you have a vagina, of course.
kek, "we wymin gon change da worl n make it a betta place"I'd like to see what these "software engineers" create.
Enjoy being cucked by the Feminist States of America.Remember the USA is the best country ever.Remember the 6 gorillion.
I hate modern design
Wtf man ?
It's not available, mkay?
FASTER THAN HASWELLINTEL CONFIRMED FOR BANKRUPT.STOCKS FALLING FAST, SELL NOW.
nice meme posting friend
PHEW TANKS FO LETTING ME NOE BUD SELLIN RITE NAO
top kek
Thanks OP, I needed a quick laugh in the morning.

wew lad
Somebody doesn't know what "up to" means.
Finally, Intel can stop holding back and actually push technology forward.
invest in Inteltop kekYou're better off investing in Apple
Thunderbolt 3 uses USB Type-C connector.
My laptop has more than one port and I don't need external adapters to plug my shit in. Checkmate, macfags.
misspelling reversable
my laptop isn't a piece of shit. checkmate non-macfags.
Type-C isn't an apple invention, Idiot-fags

I hate to break it to you but it's reversible
I know, let's make a cable with a processor on each end!BRAVO INTELRAVO
WOW COOL FAG YOU PUT RED SQUIGGLE LINES UNDER REVERSABLE WHAT DOES THAT PROVE FAGGOT
So I guess we're not seeing this in actual machines for months or even years, given that all the laptops just got refreshedWhy even show this

Does somebody got that "how does cable know where's up and down" screencap?
I didn't know they were electrically compatible.
, 
, 
What's this meme about DVD-Rs not lasting more than a few years? I've been going through some 10 year old DVD-Rs and they all work fine.
people leave them out in the sun for 10 years and then say they stop working
bit rot. it is a real thing but not something you need to worry about if you dont leave your DVD-R in the sun for 10 years.
Mine would'n work so well, I'm afraid. That's what I get for leaving them out in the sun for 10 years.
Well you shouldn't build a roof out of them.
So,Who plans on not upgrading to windows 10 and using windows 7 till it is no longer supported?
Windows is poop
A bunch of baby ducks.
Even xp got outdated
Pretty much everyone sane.
Windows 7 is shit. I may stay on 8.1.
troll much
planning on using any form of Windows/v/
Fact: 8.1 is objectively superior to 7 in every way
It is true. Uses less resources, runs faster, more secure, etc.

Did they fix the start menu
Already on Linux, m8. See you in a bit
Well you've got till 2020 then
implying win7fags care for anything but default appearance
Still on Windows XP, will never upgrade.My home server is running Windows 2000.Come at me.
windows updates being fully automatic on the basic/upgrade license is pretty ehhh. i'll probably wait until i can pirate it
I like to do things on my computer other than managing my os.
Woah woah woah - the pro upgrades are forcing updates? This is news to me I knew the home version was going to do that. Citation?
I won't be using Windows 10, ever. Been checking out the builds as they've appeared so far leaked and legit, it's all the same to me, tested on bare metal hardware VMs suck for such things and I can't find a single reason to give a fuck about Windwos 10 over Windows 7.Windows 7 remains the best thing Microsoft has ever created and that's not going to change anytime soon.
Lol no.
but muh games n DX12:
directx12Unfortunately botnet is last chance to save this AMD piece of shit, if not I'm done with PCs, buy thinkpad and ps4
candy crush installed by default
I don't really care what version of windows I use. They're all the same thing.Will win10 force me to start paying a subscription to use eventually? Will it give me ads? Will all my pirated games continue to be compatible?
 Will all my pirated games continue to be compatibleprolly not
nomaybemaybe
windows 7 is so amazing its so good for my game i will never leave.
Windows 8.1 and 10 are absolutely horrible aesthetically, so Windows 7 will probably be my last Windows OS unless someone makes a flawless Classic theme for 10. Maybe I'll have to get around making itWindows 7 however is unbearably slow without an SSD, so I'm now using Windows XP until I decide to buy a 500GB SSD. Everything feels lightning fast on XP, even the boot time is shorter than 7's.
Windows 7 however is unbearably slow without an SSDYou're full of shit, you know that, right? It works just as fast as any other OS does and it still outperforms 8/8.1 and even 10 in most tasks overall.
It was a simply "Me",Not me".God damn.
till it is no longer supported?which means NOTHING except they wont release patches for it anymoreand most people don't even install the updates/patches anywaywhen Microsoft decides to stop supporting an OS it won't cease to work you idiot
Me.Even after support's end.
Just raped WIn 8 and replaced it with Ubuntu on my tablet. Gonna keep Win 7 as long as possible and then switch completely in a few years.Everything Windows has a monopoly for is already on Linux or will come. Like Steam for example.Don't fear my friends, good times are heading towards us.
That's my plan.
What about skype?Skype fucking blows on linux... And skype is a Microsoft product...
using windows 7 till it is no longer supported?I'm going to do this solely because I hate microsoft.
Vulkan is the future my friend.
I need windows only for gaymen, so yes.I hate this fucking disgusting cellphone UI.And no, I don't mean only the tiles.Even less configuration.Still the shit registry.Still after fucking 30 years, not able to get a working update system.Still no !proper! package manager.Powershell is still bullshit compared to something like bash.And the best:I'm looking forward to see idiots "Windoze 4 three" will get fucked with nonexistent privacy and charges after a year.
And skype is a Microsoft product...But VOIP isn't Microsoft.There are others.
How can you plan such a thing if you don't know if W10 will be good or bad?
Still no !proper! package manager.As in the one you're used to on Linux? It's not the only way. If you weren't so aspie you'd realise this.
proper package managerThere will be a package manager but I'm sure it doesn't pass your autistic requirements.
They're blind?
yfw windows 7 is the last microsoft operating system that will truly be pc firstyfw microsoft hates you for using a pc instead of buying new windows phones every yearyfw microsoft will destroy the pc, and the year of the linux desktop will not arrive in time to save it
automatic installation of dependenciesautomatic update of all managed packages in the backgroundaustisticMaybe you are just a moron.
yourself out, I'm sure you'll find a flaw like it doesn't run SystemD or something
It's not the only way.why should I open my browser,search for the binaries/source code,download it,compile itand install this instead of just using a package manager ?As in the one you're used to on Linux? If you weren't so aspie you'd realise this.see this 
like it doesn't run SystemDimplying that's a flaw.
If you think SystemD is something bad you better quit Loonix
I'm with ya anon. Windows 7 support until 2020, then I'll switch to Linux.Cloud-operating systems and apps my ass
literally no reason not to upgrade
I do.But I'll upgrade to Windows 10 before win7 is no longer supported if I buy a GPU that benefits from DX12.1 stuff.
If you think ones decision which init-system he wants to use on a modular OS is invalid, you should kill you're-self.
I use Mactype so I can't upgrade without downgrading the font resolution.
When they put some effort into the logo.
Has anyone not gotten the windows 10 upgrade thing? I have on one of my computers, but I haven't on the other.
Only on the Win 7 PCs at work.No 8.1 is "infected".
just checking. Both of my PCs are running Win7 and completely up to date. One had the update, the other didn't.
I'll keep using it on my gaming rig. Win8.1 is shit.  And win10 is just hype. No one else bit hipster subhumans will care
Loved 7. Stable and Correct. Upgraded to 8.1 last night, prepping for that win 10 pop up I got flirting me to reserve the freebie in July. Win 8.1 is quicker on a few things. I'm ah ight wid it... I guess. I really miss 7 though.
I'm already using Windows 10.WAVE OF THE FUTURE, BABY.
I'll wait the last month before the free update from 7 to 10 expires, I don't feel like beta-testing an OS for MS and I need a debloating guide, still too early for that.
FacebookTwitterInstagramSnapchatReddit4Chanpic not relevant
4chan and YT.
That's a beautiful flag.
Looking into a laptop for college. Want to check with you fa/g/s before I bite the bullet.Requirements: - 1920x1080- 13" minimum- Pretty good battery life 7+ ish- 128GB SSD or moreCurrently looking at the Lenovo Flex 2 with an i7 & 128GB SSD for $716.99That's around my price point, $800 maxShould I /g/?
looks like a pile of plastic shit, would not recommend
Thanks bby ;
you seem to know what you want, just put that shit in newegg and low-high nigga. Practically all of the laptops at your budget are the same bar weird design errors.actually just get a thinkpad and stop being a bitch

Oh god, this thread is still alive.Bumping for hopefully more responses.
will that laptop be carried around much? If it only be used between table and bed the one you are looking for will do just fine.
MacBook Pro Retina 13"
Asus UX305Core M might be the only key concern with it.
I had looked at that, I was worried about the Core M too.Not really in my price pointI also found this laptop, for $669: 
A friend of mine has an Acer 1080p - i5 laptop for $700 and honestly they're shittier than most $400 laptops mainly because of the terrible build quality.I don't know about your budget
i said before. A cheap good speced laptop will do just fine if you don't take it out much. That thing has nice specifications. 1080p ips screen with i7 and 8gb of ram is great. Buy an ssd and it will be even better
yeah, lack of SSD was my only real worry on that.the Lenovo Edge to the one I just linked, which would you reccommend?
cant say because i don't know a bout build quality which matters a lot if you plan to take it outside often.Spec wise i would go with the edge.
I mean, I'm going to college in the Midwest, and I will have to walk from building to building. I may take it outside during spring/early fall, but let's be honest, Comp Sci majors don't go outside.
Macbook pro or air
Again, not in my price point.
Save up a little more or buy a used or refurbished one
Okay then, I have to ask: Would OSX benefit me in any way?
thinkpad t420
Most of the best professional programs are iOS only, it doesnt lack like windows, no viruses, a better user experience in general. Plus you'll attract dat hipster pussy
What do you mean by professional programs? I can use PS on Windows.
Sorry, what I meant was for you to elaborate. I don't need to use "Professional Programs" I'm assuming you mean stuff like Final Cut, so I was wondering what their availability to OSX only would affect me.
 don't listen to He is full of shit. You will do just as fine  with windows
 best professional programs are iOS onlyYeah, if you're an arts hipster faggot who edits 1080p videos of feminists smearing tampon blood on white cis predators. If you're in any respectable field, there is going to be a large pool of windows only software that you're going to need to emulate through virtual machines.As an engineer who is contemplating getting a macbook pro, chances are Tekla, Safe Model, Revit, ETabs, Spacegass, Sidra and plenty of other notable engineering design programs are off limits for IOS and Linux.
engineerdoesn't know about dual bootingWhy do you lie on an anonymous image board anon?
wasting time with dual booting when windows can do anything that OSX can and then some moresome people here really dont know what the efficiency is
Just get a Toshiba Chromebook 2
CompSci majors don't go outsideSpeak for yourself, nigger. Southern CS majors do.Also get Linux. Windows is gay and Linux is required if you want to CS.
I already have one. But it can't run windows very well, now can it?
Dual booting would be a good option if most apple laptops didn't ship with a 128GB SSD as a base model, with approximately 20% of your hard-drive space being occupied by system files [windows + osx] and any storage options above 128GB not being financially competitive due to ridiculous SSD prices on laptops.
Toshiba Chromebook 2
The 70gb you have left is more than enough. Just dont store your chinese cartoons on it
Bought a Flex 2, its build quality was shit-tier, returned it in the end. When I was in your situation I went through a load of shitty ultrabooks and laptops and in the end bought a surface pro 3 of all things, which has actually been surprisingly great.
Hypothetically you install 5 professional programs at approximately 6GB each, that's 40GB left. Office, browsers, basic essentials, you're probably down to 30GB left.I wouldn't expect anything below approximately 250GB to be valuable these days for the average user who does not download HD media.
30gb left is plenty. If you need space for media get a cheap and small external hdd
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:class="quote"Here's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:class="quote"To foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:class="prettyprint"Challenge:Implement a function that produces formatted output, Format being one example. This can be as simple or as complex as you want. Build off of other posters if don't know where to begin.
what's the point of ?is this supposed to produce really fast code since it only focus on one OS+processor architecture?
is this supposed to produce really fast code since it only focus on one OS+processor architecture?That would appear to be the reason to use this implementation.Apparently, much of it is hand-optimized assembler.It's a shame that it's only available on Windows.
Am I making a mistake by learning Common Lisp instead of, say, Haskell or Rust or C++?
defpackage #:formattter  :use :iterate :clin-package :formattterdefparameter *format-grammar*  '#\t . #\tab    #\n . #\newline    #\b . #\backspace    #\^ . #\^;;; Print shit based on the `*format-grammar*' variable;;; Control characters are prefixed by the `^' characterdefun format-print format-string &key fmt-grammar *format-grammar*  flet pchr x princ string x    iterate for curr in-string format-string      with prev = #\space      let control cdr assoc curr fmt-grammar         cond char= prev #\^               setf prev curr               pchr control              char= curr #\^               setf prev curr              t               setf prev curr               pchr currGood times, for everyone!
You may upset some sperglords by not learning whatever their favourite language happens to be, but it's not a mistake.
No.I don't understand why you would honestly ask this here of all places.Are you just learning so you can get a job or something?  That's a shallow basis for learning most things.
Yes, but you're making a mistake learning any language "instead of" the other. Learn them all and form your own opinions.
Why is the LISP general always so reasonable compared to the rest of /g/?
No, I'm a student. I'm learning it out of interest.why ask hereI wanted to provoke you guys a little.
We enjoy our topic of discussion.Also, Lisp tends to either tame or educate the fuckwads such as myself it attracts.
I've already explained this other times, but it's a relatively obscure topic that requires some knowledge or initiative to actually talk about.  I've spoken with people that didn't know it even existed, yet browse here a good bit.  I also didn't want my general to end up like every other general here, which is why I made an identity for making threads.  I'm not going to provoke people in the OP or anything like that.  I keep things consistent and nice.I wanted to provoke you guys a little.That's what I figured.
Lovely.I was trying to learn Scheme a little while back with SICP, but it's written for math-native MIT students. I haven't had the time to get into it properly and also understand the maths they use to discuss it. What other resources are known-good for it?
The Scheme Programming LanguageThe Little Schemer and sequelsThe Lambda papers themselves if you're brave, and other papersI own Programming in Scheme by Eisenberg and Abelson. It's decent, and rather short, though it doesn't go into much depth.
You can generally skip the math-intense bits if they're too much.SICP isn't really about teaching Scheme, it's about teaching CS topics and programming techniques that exploit Scheme's unique capabilities.This is a good suggestion:
Thank you kindly. I think more than anything I just need to get into the LISP mindset. I'm quite happy with a lot of the concepts LISP is lauded for in other languages, but essentially not the syntax and idioms that make a program good LISP rather than just a transliteration.Thanks
This!Learn them all! You won't regret it.
I think more than anything I just need to get into the LISP mindset.The Little SchemerThe Scheme Programming LanguageOn LispLet Over LambdaLisp, Lore, and Logic.
The Scheme Programming Language is the most straight forward book for learning Scheme. No fluff, no theory, no math, just straight syntax. You can read it for free online.
Implement a function that produces formatted output, Format being one exampleSo reimplement format?
#lang racketdefine myfmt str . params  define to-string param    cond string? param param          number? param number-string param          char? param list-string list param          list? param           apply string-append                  flatten list ""                                 foldl lambda p acc                                          if = length acc 0                                              list to-string p                                              append acc list " " to-string p                                        '                                        param                                 ""          else " ??? "  define placeholders res str    let loop pos 0      if = pos sub1 string-length str          reverse res          if and char=? string-ref str pos #\~                   char=? string-ref str add1 pos#\a              begin set! res cons pos res                     loop + 2 pos              loop add1 pos  let pls placeholders ' str    cond not = length pls length params           raise myfmt "Malformed format string: ~a" str          else foldl lambda param pos acc                         string-append substring acc 0 pos                                        to-string param                                        substring acc + pos 2                       str                       reverse params                       reverse plsmyfmt "~asda~~~c~d~a   ~a" 7 35 '4 5 "asd"= "7sda~~~c~d35   4 5 asd"Maybe it's too complicated. I do not care.As a special bonus, the thrown exception uses its own function to format the exception string :
Am I making a mistakelearningpick one
What does /g/ think about tesla's QEGquantum energy generator ?
not sciencenot technology100% BSDo you even know what quantum means?
I'll tell Luca Turilli about this

I'll start.he uses meme os
all oses are meme oses
Guys, I'm having some issues with this laptop, it's a Lenovo G50.After 15 minutes of being on, it automatically turns itself off.It won't let me start it for the next 20 minutes after that. I immediately thought of a problem with the battery or the power source. I gave the inside a total clean-up, and when I turned it on again it lasted for about 30 minutes and then, again, shut itself off. I am out of options.
Buy a Mac.
Call Jamal at Customer Support
Sounds like a heating problem to me
Remove any and all Lenovo software.Then go ahead and find a tech support forum like tomshardware.
I have a problem similar to this
Sounds like mobo problem to me... Probably a cold junc.
I have multiple OSes so I know it's not just Windows, and the battery is broken but I always keep it plugged in anyway. But after a while, it'll start lagging to shit. Granted I have a lot of Firefox tabs open, but the nadir issue is a window will pop up saying that a script became unresponsive. In extreme cases, the screen will go black and either not come back on or it will with a pop up saying nvidia crashed and recovered.A fresh windows install doesn't helpl much either.
What was the most incredible GPU relative to time you owned, /g/?I have to say I'm really surprised by the XFX ATI Radeon HD5850, it's still kicking 60-70 FPS at okay graphics settings in the games I play:CS:GOTERADiablo 3Several others of this caliberI'm aware that these aren't graphics-heavy games, but it's still a card from late 2009. It's one of the best buys I have done in any category ever.What other GPUs were killer 'bang for your buck'-wise?
AMD 6870, card still Rocks at high resolutions
8800 GT for DX10 genGTX 980 for DX11 gen
Got an almost new 8800GTS a few years ago for 17€, worked until 2014
I actually had a 8800 GT, it was boiling hot and the fan was louder than an F16, but it got the job done for a couple of years.
560 ti
My first was an evga gtx 660 supeclocked. That thing was great for 1080p gaming
I'm still using a 5870 and it's doing okay.
AMD HD 4850 512MBIt was a mid range card I bought 3 years before when battlefield 3 came out and it still managed it on high with no shadows
Close to yours with the 5870. Bought the Sapphire one at the time without even knowing that Sapphire was the king of AMD cards, I just got it because it was the best deal. I wonder how much of an upgrade a 980ti will be.
The Rendition Verite V1000before that... there really weren't GPUstfw you'll never know the glory of playing vQuakepic related.
The GTX980 that I own now. I never spent that much money on a piece of hardware and in hindsight I have to admit that it was pretty retarded.I will keep it for a few years, probably as long as this current console gen lasts. As I get older, my interest in gayms dwindles.
Voodoo3 2000, I mowed lawns and shit when I was 11 to save up for it. Once I had it though, everything changed.. by which I mean I played quake 24/7
Same bro. 4 or so years later still going strong
9800GT.Shit was great, yo.
My Voodoo2 was pretty rad back in the day..
I bought radeon r7 260x 2 months ago just to get my 4k@60hz display to work. I didn't even expect that this card will let me play games like BF3, GTA V, or dying light at 50-60fps and high settings at 1080p
5970. Biggest, baddest, fasted card of its time.
I'm still using my 6850. Really solid card. $170 at the time and still usable 5 years later at medium low settings. Waiting till 14nm to upgrade whole system with Zen.
I loved my 7850. Had this cute little single fan version that was damn quiet, performed like a champ and only cost me £80 $120 in early 2013. I still kinda regret getting rid of it.
Wow, I wanna hold it, even if just for a little while
Still have this.I've been thinking to upgrade,  but then again,  I feel like getting an SSD and a 1080p screen are better priorities as far as comfort and experience are concerned.
1080p screen would be my first choice, you will wonder how that last screen of yours was even tolerable. Just my recommendation.
hd6770still works good, I can play cs:go with 60+ fps both on arch/gentoo and on windows witcher 2 high detail on windows, medium on linuxno catalyst on loonix
I like my gtx 570HD. If I didn't have more than two monitors I would still be using it. If a friend if I had any nowadays needs a computer or I need to throw one together this is my go to card.Excuse the dust, I never cleaned it when I took it out.
Yep, I've seen some and it's a world of difference.The thing is, if 1080p is that good, then 1440p or 4K must be truly outstanding.  Do I spend now, or be patient and save for something even bigger? Then again, part of me kinda feels like 16:10 is a better option overall 1920x1200. Someone tell me what I want...
8600gt was a beast
The highest end GPUs I've ever owned are the GTX 980 and the Geforce 256. Rest of my GPUs are weak.My longest lasting GPU is either the GTX 460, which I used for 5 years or a Riva TNT which I used for about the same length of time. I think I used the 460 for longer.
Get a 120GB SSD first. If you get the Kingston 120GB one, it doesn't have to more expensive than $60-70. I've got one myself, and it's the single most significant upgrade to my computer I've had, when it comes to experience and comfort.Even more so than the GTX 660 - R9 290X upgrade I just did.
Don't really know. I guess the only one I have. A Geforce 780. I'm running down on the ability to max at 1080p/60. I really like it. I just finished Witcher 3 and GTA V with very satisfying performance. Based on what I've read about Ground Zeroes performance I'm not really worried about Phantom Pain. Batman should get pretty good performance.I don't know what to do about graphics cards. If I buy a graphics card that really delays the time I'd upgrade my monitor, and I haven't decided whether I want to focus on higher FPS or higher resolution.I'm gonna try and wait to see what the new AMD cards are like and maybe think about switching. The last time I had a graphics card I could run Doom 3. I remember turning Doom to high and the minute an imp would throw a fireball it would turn into a slideshow.
8600gt impressed me the most since i was so used to minimum gfx settings at 800x600 at the time. must have been around 2008 or 2009. fucking loved it.the 7870 impressed me 2nd most. that was an upgrade from gtx 465 sli lol. bioshock infinite looked so amazing.
ATI Radeon 4870.I had this card since 2008, it was a fucking champion at every game I threw at it. Easily maxed out WotLK WoW, Fallout 3, Dead Space, Devil May Cry 4, etc. But it ran at housefire temperatures god damn, it idled at 62C and would get as hot as 81C during gaming. It also drew a lot of power from my power supply.The only reasons I upgraded from it was because it has no DX11 support and it stopped receiving driver updates for Windows 8. If it weren't for those, I would still be using it today probably.
4730 reprezent
GTX 460, although it immediately showed its age when I upgraded my main monitor to 1080p instead of the 1440p it was annihilating earlier.I'm probably going to upgrade to a GTX 580 if i can get one for cheap, then use it for a while waiting for the HBM gpus drop, as then I can upgrade to people's secondhand GPUs.
I5 cpu?
HD 5870 is still doing ok in 2015 modern games.
Geforce 2568800 GTGTX 460750TiGTX 980HD 7870HD 7950HD 5870
Radeon 7870/R9 270x.These cards still handle every game with awesome framerates and high settings at 1080p. I picked up a 270x for $140 last year, running Witcher 3 with everything on Ultra except for hairworks at 1080p at average 32-36 FPS, never had it drop below 30. If I tone down the resolution to 1360x768 and turn down grass density/foliage distance, I can easily get 45+ FPS outdoors and 60+ FPS indoors and during cutscenes.
no. I'm running on i7 4770
Depends on how much you want to spend. If you're going for the 4K screen, you'll have to buy a new GPU because the 9800GT can't output 4K images. So I guess:If you're considering buying a new GPU, buy the 4K screen.
GT53020 € in 2012, I could finally play ME3
No, it really doesn't.
I always thought my 760 was pretty rad for it's price. Before that one, I can't remember what I had, my uncle used to put together my PCs for me. RIP dude, I hope you browsed /g/ too.
Will 120GB be enough, though? Assuming OS + media no movies + 2-3 large games? It's suggested that one keep their games on a typical HDD, but I'd like to see the SSD experience on the few large games I'm currently playing at the time.Hmm yeah, you're right. It would be a bit awkward to upgrade the GPU before the monitor at this point, but it would also be awkward to spend a lot of money on 4k and not get to see the full resolution rightaway. Maybe 4K would be a bit overkill for someone who has been doing 1440x900 the last years. It can do 1440p though, so I may go for that.
Will 120GB be enough, though? Assuming OS + media no movies + 2-3 large games?Yes.I've got a 120GB SSD. I use it for all my programs, plus League of Legends 7-8 GB and ArcheAge 24 GB and I've got 44 GB left. Without those games, you'd even be able to fit GTA V 60 GB and some other smaller ones. Of course that means there won't be much space left for everything else.
81C isn't even that bad. Even NVIDIA's latest cards run higher than that on stock coolers.
6870. It served me well for a good 4 years. It died on me a month ago.
7970Bought one in 2013 Hardly played any games on itLet my imouto borrow my gaming PC because hers brokeGot it back to play GTA V30-70FPS with Very High to Ultra settings @ 2560x1440
Nice, sounds like it really works. Thanks!
I thought it was pretty hot since my previous GPU before that was an Nvidia 8600GT. It was a single profile card and it ran pretty cool before it died. The 4870 was loud and hot right from the beginning and got worse when it started to clog up with dust.At one point actually, the fan on the GPU failed and the temps spiked up incredibly but luckily I noticed it and shut down the computer to go fix the fan situation. I knew something was wrong when my computer suddenly didn't sound like a jet engine when gaming.
Well, yeah, it's basically a 280X, which is a pretty good card. You can even flash its bios on it.But if you actually want big games on it, expect it be a bit cumbersome. You know, keeping enough storage, uninstalling games when you're finished etc. And on some games, it's not worth it at all. Like, for GTA V, it only cuts the initial loading time about 20-30 seconds and that's all the difference you'll see.But games like ArcheAge, for example, an SSD makes a HUUUGE difference.Btw, I recommend you to move the Users download folder to your HDD. It makes life quite a bit easier.
HD7950.Literally been running this OC since I bought it in 2012 with no problems. For the price/performance I don't think there will be a more satisfying card.Second favorite is my 780 Ti, simply because it was the first top flagship card I bought.
Why weren't they GPUs?
Damn, GTAV really is massive.
8600gt sucked when it was new
people consider under 60fps playableBut why do I even care, why don't I buy gaymstation and finish that circle of endless pc upgrading
Some people don't want to spend $500+ on a GPU just to play some unoptimized console port at 60FPS.If you don't mind toning down the resolution, 60FPS is easily achievable in Witcher 3 on a 270x.
motherfucking thisjust replaced it this year
Radeon X850XTIt was damn good while it lasted.BTW, those 7xxx seem nice. I've been using nothing but APUs ever since, would one pair well with a a10 7850k?
xfx hd 5870still runs good, abused the hell out of it, mined, didn't dust it for years. great card, from the good days of amd and xfx, and birth of eyefinity
Bought the HD 4670 back in the day, the IceQ version.Very fucking good card, possibly the best for the price ever.
7970 owner here. Gotta admit I have my doubts you got that fps on those settings at that resolution.
Radeon 9800 Pro. Easily the best card of its time.
I'm using that same card right now.
HD6950. First card I was ever actually happy with. But before that I usually had low end stuff because poorfag.First GPU was a secondhand ATi X550 256MB, Then after it broke, I took an OEM 8400GS out of an old prebuilt. That card basically melted when summer hit so I replaced it with a 9400 GT and i reluctantly used that for a few years til I could build a whole new system with a HD6950 because again, I was really poor. Unfortunately a few months ago the card started artifacting and then just died and wouldn't turn back on, I never figured out why. I replaced it with a 280 and while it is definitely better than my old 6950 the performance leap just wasn't anywhere near as satisfying and magical as when I finally replaced the 9400GT.Nothing else has been replaced in that system I built 4 years ago.
BFG 5500 OC destroyed battlefield 1942. But if I was not a poor fag I would have gone with 
Das it mane.
Spent about $500 on a 8800GTXThen the greatest price/performance card to ever release came out a few months later for $200, the 8800 GT. Never again will I spend that much on a gpu. The sad part is I know we'll never get another card that nearly performs as well as the 2nd best card on the market for a $200 price point.
5850 reporting in.I run at 1680x1050@60hz which means I need vsync to get rid of tearing, which means dips below 60 ruin my gaming experience. I've stopped playing games I assume will be graphically intensive because of it. Time for an upgrade.
my xfx 5870
TNT2. First proper card I had beyond some 4MB S3. Completely changed gaming for me.
Then it went on par with the 7800 and 7900 when newer games came out that uses more complex shaders
I was incredibly happy when I built my gaming PC with a GTX 670. Nowadays its nothing special but still meets all my demands
Damn, I had that one too.  That card was ubiquitous back in the day.  Actually let me play through MOHAA and Quake 3.My cards through the years:Nvidia Riva TNT2Nvidia GeForce Ti4600Sapphire 9600 ProSapphire X850 XT lasted 11 mos., replaced under warranty with:HIS X1950 PRO lasted 4 yearsHIS HD5770 disappointingly died after 1.5 yearsXFX R9 270X purchased Dec '13I've never had anything better than midrange cards and I'm leery on ever getting a high end one even now that I have the money.  I've had a hit or miss past with reliability.
i loved my gtx 8800 when i had it loving my fxf r9 290x
8800GT was one of the best. I still have in it a secondary PC that my friend uses to game when he comes over. Still runs a lot of modern games at a lower resolution.
TNT2Geforce 4 tiHD 4850 512mbGTX 670
My Sapphire HD 6950 dirt 2 edition was a killer bang for your buck. It still pwns.Just replaced it though, with a powercolor Radeon r9 290 turbo duo, which I bought for $170+tax... so ~$190 CAD or about $140USD.
Sapphire HD 3870Still works till this very day.
Was it refurbished or used? I'd be down with used hardware at a price like that.
Fucker did 421kh/s stable on dogecoin. Blew my 7870 the fuck out of the water.
Thread about GPU, let's ask.How do you think guys, will picrelated  be enough for two power color 7990?
And if anyone is in vancouver area and wants a good deal... NCIX is selling an openboxed ASUS 280x for $140+tax $112 USD +tax 
Oh, well then look at post 
Not that guy, but the V1000 was the first chipset that brought about reasonably priced graphics hardware and was also one of the first cards supported by Direct3D, which was becoming important as DOS became less commonplace over time.
6800gt48506950 crossfire770 windforce. It boosts extremely high
Games are for children.
computer are for virgin
ThisCurrently using an OC'd 965 with an OC'd 6850 and I can still kick ass with most games.
I mined a lot of bitcoins back in the day with the HD5850. I'm still using it in my work computer.
only one recommends at least an 850W so I'd suggest at least 1200W depending on your mobo and CPU
6800gt Rage Fury Pro
Bad news. Whatever thank you.
My two 6950 with a 6970 firmware flashed on and OC to 6970 specs, I saved a lot of money and the perfs were absolutely amazing.My X800XT could also run HL2 at more than 100fps, this was fucking amazing.
The first GPU was nvidia geforce 256. The term GPU was used cause it was the first to use hardware transform and lighting, cards before it still handled that on the CPU/
pic related.
this so much, had a single slot version that got hot as a motherfucker but overclocked so well and took 115C temps like it was goddamn nothing.sold it for $50 when I was done with it on CL. fucking amazing card.found this screenshotcringe hard
It plays anything I throw at it at reasonable settings medium/high at 1080p with stable 50-60fps.
my old gtx 260 lighting, pretty badass as it could run AC 3 with 50-60 FPS, its the best thing ever
hd4850.
Still running my 6950 with unlocked shaders. It couldn't handle the overclocks for 6970 specs sadly. Runs like a champ and as my back catalogue is vast and modern AAAs are shit it'll last me a awhile yet,
The glorious "software rendering" option
Old Thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking child. to get into private trackers and survive: Interview Notes: as a link to find the /ptg/ threadRemember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a child. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
Is AnimeBytes still king, or has a better alternative arisen?
AB for archive, Nyaa/xdcc for current stuff
King of what?Anime that's finished airing? Yes.
freeleech on ggn, get your games while it's hot.
/v/
Most of the stuff I download is more /tg/ actually.
rec me a seedbox with:1.at least 100gb of storage2. 1gbps of upload3. bandwith don't care if it's capped but at least 2TB.4. less than $10 ameribuxxxbonus points if it doesn't suck.
rec me a seedbox with:1.at least 1tb of storage2. 10gbps of upload3. bandwith don't care if it's capped but at least 20TB.4. less than $0.80 ameribuxxxbonus points if it comes with free bars of gold.
Kek
Member of AoM coming through. Bow down to me you disgusting plebs.
kek
Jesus Christ that site looks like absolute garbage
Sure you are anon. You can be anything you want
Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/Tell that to all the Oppaitime members
almost
How can I start building a ratio on Waffles? I don't have a seedbox and I don't plan on getting one at the moment.
A very large percentage of /ptg/ invited to a public trackeralmost nobody"Almost" indeed
Literal manchildren
Upload some shit
create a bandcampstart creating shit up, label it as experimental indie latvian freak power folkupload it to bandcampulpoad it then to waffles and say it's some obscure band from your cityupload in all formats possiblevbr and cbr mp3, aac, uncompressed flacs, wav, ape, alac, etc.rinse an repeatenjoy your buffer m8, that's what I do on what.
Just found your uploads. Sent a staff PM alerting staff to your fake uploads with a link to the archive should you delete this post.gg no re, fagtron
implying you found me cmon laddie.
BTNAB
Why are you even comparing those two?

Again, why BTN?It's not anime-centric at all, and certainly doesn't have the same selection.Did you perhaps mean, BakaBT?
Now that GGn is freeleech what are good torrents to hop on to increase my epeen? I need to increase my woodchopping level
btn has all the anime animebytes has
A 2 second search would tell you otherwise.
You're right, BTN has more.
shilling this hard for BTN
dude, why are you even doing this?I mean, I love BTN, but still.
To the anon who advised me to just download what I wanted When I asked about ratio on pornolab fuck you .,now my ,   account is in ratio watch from what I can make out in the vodka runes and I have no idea what I can do now ?
What the fuck is going on with GazelleGames
Nice going retard.
It's back up. Read the frontpage.
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
You know nobody listens to a thing you say right? Why do you bother?
what is a meme
Certaintly not that
Because BTN is the greatest tracker ever.I've only been in for 6 weeks and I can already see that much.
I've been in 2 months and 5 days anon and I love it too.
pay quarterlyAre you sure that's how it works? It's seems to me they just give you a discount if you sign up for 3, 6 or 12 months. They still charge you each month.
I've been in for a year and 4 months and I can tell you that it feels pretty average after a while.
You pay for the 3 months upfront.Its up speed is 125Mb/s
Why did you delete your post?
Really? Sounds great, it's a shame the code does not work anymore.
Just because you've gotten used to having everything at your fingertips doesn't make it average.
Cause the anon asked for 1Gb upload and Ultra's cheap plan is 125MbProbably. Don't remember if that was the right one or not.
If everything's at my fingertips, then something being at my fingertips would indeed be average.
That's not what average means, Anon.
Yes it is
Just because it's the first non-shit tracker you've gotten into, or just because it's the first tracker with a system that you can use with less experience, doesn't make it a supreme better-than-average tracker.You'll realize it eventually.
Been there for years, Anon.I can count the times it let me down on one hand, and still have plenty of fingers left.It's better than any other tracker of its type.
you must have one really bad case of autism if you're proud of being on a useless, badly designed website simply because muh sekrit klub
Enjoy your honeypots.
implying he's on itread the date retard, these screenshots are in the public space and pretty much all we know about what's in there
tfw sextreme perv on emporniumwow_its_fucking_nothing.pngmaybe I'll get invites later down the road bros

anyone check pulsedmedia?1GB of upload 500GB of storage, unmetered,  and is dedicated, for like $12 sounds like a massive deal.anyone with them?
To all you wannabe watch-fags...This is what a real watch conoisseur wears.
heh, he's holding two balls. hahwatchconoisseurbecause they gave it to him for free?of all the richard mille's that's not the one i'd have chosen, either. seriously considering getting a fake of one of his, though and I'll pay more for the fake than nadal paid for that one
Nadal maximum shilling a 750k watch during a game. A watch that does not like impacts in the first place.
Hey guys, do you know how to fix this query?Fix the following query:SELECT lagsalary,1,0 overpartition by department_id as "next salary"FROM hr.employeesWHERE "next_salary"0;                         it should execute and it should preserve as much sense as possible from the original. Next salary should be the next salary in the order ascending of salaries.
Your schema and what you're trying to accomplish might help.
Is next_salary a column?  Do not put column names within quotation marks.Also add an order by clause to your lag over
My bad.  You need to look up the order of execution.  Where clause executes before select, so you cannot name derived columns.  Try using a nested query or CTE to filter next_salary
I've got an i5 4430, with 8g ram and a 660.  I'm pretty happy with my system using 8.1, with a 120g ssd - but would I see a big performance by upgrading?I've seen a lot of systems run like shit because of issues pertaining to 100% cpu/hdd usage errors
wait until 10 comes out july 29thit will be a free upgrade since u own 7
should i make the jump and use a prebuild right now for 10?
I'm pretty happy with my system using 8.1
upgrading to 8.1 would give you a minor but noticable performace boostbut 10 will also give you the above and it's free
unless you plan to actively participate in wp10 development and bug hunting there is no point in installing 10. It is pretty much the same as 8.1 minus start screen and stability due to being technical preview
Has anyone had any sort of experience in sharding with MongoDB and EC2? I am confused on the matter of if I should downgrade this EC2 instance I have and create lower RAM right now one 16GB instance into 4 or 5 2GB RAM instances or keep the one I have and create virtual machines on one server to do the sharding. Querying lengthy BSON 400+ BSON entries in length on a 1 mil+ entry collection is too much for a 16GB/2.9GHZ 4 core server and the current instance of MongoDB being on a single EC2 instance only seems to use one core to process the search query and results data at a time when I watch resource usage with htop and mongostat. I have tried to find way to distribute this among the cores but the "stable" version I am using, 2.4.9,  does not have smart document locking - using ubuntu server the repo won't upgradeI think that by distributing the database via sharding I can have the search time cut down a large amount of computation, read and write time. Also the processing can be easily distributed without trying to hack an upgrade on the server OS or install funtoo.Thoughts?
Use dynamodb?
, 
discs are not linearcan't combine partitions if a partition is in the wayWhy? I want to make my E:\ drive bigger by adding the 70gb unallocated, but the other drives are in the way.
Use gparted.
who partitions shit like this?jesus christ
2015using partitions
I write directly to disk, RAW.
2015partitioning drives for different things not just using folders
What the actual fuck man.What on earth are you doing. Just get 2-3 more physical drives man. Fuck.
Discs may not be linear but logical sectors areAlso2015extended partitionsJust use gpt
The fuck are you doing? Just use different directories for everything like a sane person. Problems like the one you are facing are why splitting a drive in to partitions like that is a stupid idea.
Well firstly your SSD partitioning is retarded to start withSecond, yes you can, but you're going to have to not to be MOVING YOUR BOOT PARTITION WHILE USING IT
HFS+ partitions on a GPT don't have this problem
HFS+ partitions have other, more pressing problems
What's the benefit of gpt to the normal end-user?
Nothing. But to someone who feels you need partitions for everything it is quite useful
Linear? What the fuck are you on about? You've gotten yourself into a situation you don't even understand. How could you possibly understand how to get out of it? But in all honesty, try gparted. If you need further instructions, my advice to you is to get someone to do it for you.
WTF?  How the Hell?  I don't even...Dude, just wipe your whole system and start over.
discsIts not a disc, its a disk
way to go fucktard
Considering the size physical as well as the size storage it won't be long before terabyte USB sticks are all the rage.Would be nice to have several of these and just run OSes from 'em directly.
implying you can't do that right now
its slow as fuck!
Right. Increasing size won't improve anything.
won't be long before hell on earthUsb sticks are slow and inherently unreliable, why would anyone in their right mind want to store a terabyte of data on one?
External SSDs mane
What would the alternative be?
Chanobol is gorgeous and has some really nice features save all images, image grid view but seriously, I can't use it until replies are implemented, so Dashchan it is for now. Well I switch between them because Chanobol is desperately pretty.I might email the lazy kike until he updates it.
Have you heard of this crazy new thing called the internet?
nigga are you lost
If you have a USB 3.0 stick, and if you have a USB 3.0 port, then you can actually run your Linux OS just as fast as if it was on a full-sized disk.If you only have USB 2.0 then it still runs fast whenever it isn't writing anything to storage, then it slows down like a mofo. Don't download updates, don't download torrents, don't download anything on 2.0 if you want a usable computer.
Yea coz the servers never go down or will never screw you with shutting down without warning, right?
Wrong neighbourhood, white boi.It's not necessarily faster. A USB storage has a set speed compared to whatever internet connection you have.Plus, a terrabyte of data doesn't imply the need for speed. It could just be films or music or something.
Until it fails catastrophically. There's a reason SSDs cost more than USB sticks.
Yep dunno how I managed that.
No, it really wouldn't. Transfer speeds are way too slow. Perhaps with the fastest USB 3.0 drives, maybe. But the size of those isn't going to go up so fast.
130MB/s reads, 40MB/s writes on the stick I posted in the OP image.That's certainly fast enough to run any modern OS off of for periods of time doing tech support on client hardware temporarily, etc.I don't give a fuck about the speeds I suppose, I have plenty of USB 2.0 sticks that do just fine running Linux LiveUSB OSes without issues, that one could only be better overall.
Have all the lossless compression algos been discovered?
nope
Yes. All infinity of them.
that question is incomprehensibly stupid.
have all *efficient* compression algos been discovered
you can never know because you need to discover answer to your question itself
see
Pied Piper
7Have all prime numbers been discovered?
What is RLE
Help /g/My Moto G 2ndGen fell out of my pocket today and the screen completely cracked. Is it worth buying a new phone or getting it replaced?If I were to buy a new phone, what phone would you fellows recommend?
worth replacingDepends on how much it costs in your area, usually for the Moto G it costs about the price of a new one.Also prepare for the Zenphone shills
am selling the better first gen with two cases and a 16gb for a buy it now for $200 and starting bid of $150
Yeah, I think the price of fixing it will be about $200-250.
the 2014 one with 4g LTE
Obviously you should get a new one or alternative model.
well the new screen is $30 on ebay and it doesn't look like it is that complicated to replace it. i would fix it myself if i were you
One of the reasons why I bought the same phone is the easy to replace screen.A new screen should cost you ~50$ and you can replace it yourself. Just look up some tutorials and you'll be good to go.I did a screen repair on the MotoG2.gen myself already, it was easy.
Should have got a flip shell OP.
New phone, unless you can replace the screen yourself buying one online and doing that will be cheaper than getting a new phone, but it's not entirely trivial to do.If I were to buy a new phone, what phone would you fellows recommend?Redmi 2 2GB, Elephone P3000 3GB, something like that.
They're the cheapish Chinese phones, right?How do they stack up against phones from bigger companies?
mfw just did the same to my htc m7Man I don't want to waste my money on a fucking phone again but going back to cheapshit phones would be such a drag...
Please solve more to be verified.Seriously, what the fuck is this shit?
Lol fag with no pass.
I don't post here enough to warrant buying a pass anymore.
OK 24 seconds ago anon  then why are you complaining?
Steve Ballmer wasn't a good CEO, but that graph is deceptively misleading. Just look at the dates...I took the bait
Mozilla/5.0 SymbianOS/9.4; Series60/5.0 NokiaN97-1/10.0.012; Profile/MIDP-2.1 Configuration/CLDC-1.1; en-us AppleWebKit/525 KHTML, like Gecko WicKed/7.1.12344fuck off now
why are you complaining about an inconvenience if it's not frequent enough to significantly bother youget fuckedI literally just tried this. Websites started looking weird and I got word captchas that gave me the same "please solve more to be verified" bullshit
I think that's just what it does when you fail the captcha.
When you fail the captcha it says incorrect response
for the image captcha? because I'm getting the captchas as wrong as possible, and I'm not seeing that.
Please solve more to be verified.That just means you got the image captcha wrong. Try intentionally putting in all wrong answers. It'll tell you to solve more to be verified. And it'll continue to tell you to solve more until you answer correctly.
Captchaless captcha they said. There's also the additional problem that there's not necessarily a real definition of wrong. Some of them are completely retarded.

Gates left just as everything was plateauingTrue genius.
log scaleGates left as MS peaked, not as it plateaued
Get an extension that lets you edit it differently for each website
so what's the verdict on this? could this be true?
Yes.
This is screaming fake so much it's almost palpable.
Just wait for the damn cards to be officially announced and you'll have your answer. Seriously what a shitty thread
This. Computex starts tomorrow and will probably be announced then.
Cheapest model at 599top kek
no 380x?
285 rebrand
pretty sure AMD said E3 at some point.
Pretty sure AMD doesn't even know themselves anymore
Cheapest model will be a cut down fiji with 4gb of HBM at 600$ and will be as fast or faster than the 650$ 980tiThe un-binned fiji-X model with 4gb of HBM has already beaten the 12gb TitanX in all benchmarks and game runs at 4K and 1600pThe most expensive model will be the unbinned Fiji-X chip with 8gb of HBM memory which will be under 900$ and even faster than the 4gb model that beat the titan in all applications that draw over 4gb the flagship enthusiast GPU from AMD will not only be the fastest card in the world it will also be cheaper than Nvidia's offerings by at least 150-200$
AMD is just rebranding970 is too expensive for me960 doesn't worth upgrading from my 760What should i do ?
Join me in sitting in a corner of solitude. guessing we will be waiting for next year for decent competitive cards at all price points
so is the 390 really not HBM?I really want to go to 1440p and freesync since there's good monitors for that out now but if the 390 isn't hbm i'll just get a 980ti and a xb270hu or somethingsorry amd but fuck man, you delayed the 300 series for so fucking long for what? one card with HBM that's $850?R9 290 maybe, it's much better than a 960 and you can get one for $240~
Computex has already started because taiwan time
so is the 390 really not HBM?No fiji gpus /w hbm are getting different brandingkind of like titan
all 300 series cards are GCN 1.3 architecture with true audio, Freesync and DX12 supporta "rebrand" is when you take the exact same card and rename it for a new generation series for example: the 280 and 280X are rebrands of the 7950 and 7970 same arch same lack of feature due to archyou need to understand what words mean kid
how much are those gonna be?
they are enthusiast grade so in the price bracket of the 980ti and titanXbinned to unbinned 4gb to 8gb they will be 600$ to 850$but they will bet faster than the Nvidia cards thats why nvidia released the titanX early and then followed up with the 980ti undercutting it because they wanted to get their money fast before everyone switched to team red at least on the top end enthusiast levelHBM is a major game changer over GDDR5 and AMD beat them to it
GCN 1.3The fuck is GCN 1.3 even supposed to be?Tonga/1.2 was just adding "delta color compression" and 4k hw video codec shit.As far as I'm concerned, scaling Tonga to 3k+ ALUs is sufficient for a 380X/390/whatever, HBM or not.I'll likely be upgrading to Pascal/490 next summer anyway, so I don't have any pretenses about the last 28nm gen lasting forever.
I have a 980 right now; i can get another of the same model for $400, only like a couple months old from a guy I knowI want to go to 1440p getting either the ROG swift or the acer xb270HUshould I grab it and sli? Or wait for the HBM AMD cards, sell my 980, and grab one of those and a freesync monitor?Although the only 1440p freesync 144hz ips that I know of just got recalled and was shit anyway and could only do 30hz-90hz with freesync that asus one
even if its just modifing the chip and the board to add a new feature set that is a major upgradeA 370X modified with a True audio controller and DX12 support and DeltaV compression is no longer a "rebrand" of the 280X which was a re-brand of the 7970 its been changedand frankly a card with the 280X's power and all that shit added on would be really awesome
normal i would shill AMD but in your case two 980's in SLI should work nicely with a 144hz 1440p monitorso i would reccomend that you get a second 980 as cheap as you can along with a G-sync monitor
pascal and 400 series will both be die shrinking but on different process nodesthe Samsung 14nm process AMD will be using is superior however so they will come out ahead on the shrinkits gonna be hilarious when the 400 series AMD gpus are cooler and more power efficient than pascal and Nvidia ends up being the house-fire meme again
Last time Nvidia made such a huge jump i.e new node and new memory it resulted in Fermi.My personal suspicion is AMD saw the way the wind was blowing way before Nvidia did and this will pay off either with Fury or more likely the 400 series.
nothing official from amd yet
that's the 380 though
the game changing shit in on their fury cards which most consumers cant affordfor the mid range people 200-500$  this 300 series wont mean much unless their refresh improves the lower tier card as wellbut artic islands is gonna be an unholy fuck you to gaming since by then HBM will have large enough yields probably use hbm gen 1 on low end card and gen2 on the top tier cards is my guess
the Samsung 14nm process AMD will be usingAbout a month ago, Samsung's SEC filing showed that they would also be making chips for NVidia. Looks like both companies are jumping ship away from TSMC.
Thank god maybe TSMC will fucking learn instead of sitting with their dick in their hand
it seems like everything good that was supposed to happen in 2015 is happening in 2016 instead
Looks like both companies are jumping ship away from TSMC.Good, they've been fucking shit for the last few years.
class="quote"A less publicized and unintended use of the GPL is that it is very favorable to large companies that want to undercut software companies. In other words, the GPL is well suited for use as a marketing weapon, potentially reducing overall economic benefit and contributing to monopolistic behavior.what the fuck does that even mean?
Any company has an ounce of intelligence would try to steer clear of GPL stuff as it's a minefield.
That the GPL, when used in lieu of a free-er license, can be used to prevent competition among software companies, anyone who tries would essentially end up working for the largest player.
And they couldn't do that with bsd or mit/x11?
No, as the bsdl and similiar wouldn't require the competitor to give up their changes.Imagine microsoft releasing windows under either gpl or bsdl, for example. With  bsdl, anyone could make a better windows and compete with them. The gpl would protect their market position better.
I can get that.Still if they're using GPL'd code from their competitor that's their fault. If the GPL code is from some independent dev they can contact the dev to negotiate for a less restrictive license.
I didn't get a response in the other thread.I want to publish my work under an open source licence that allows anything but liability and strong copyleft. To clarify, I wouldn't care if someone forked my work and sublicenced it under LGPL, but I don't want my work to be sublicenced under reciprocal, viral licences like GPL, Eclipse, Mozilla, etc. My thought was to add a clause to the BSD licence, but I'm not sure how to word it. Any ideas?
CDDL. It was pretty much invented bt Sun to keep their code out of linux.
, 
There hasn't been a thread about overclocking in a long time.Currently running a 4690k 4.4Ghz@1.26v.It's a pretty bad overclocker this one. Can't get it to a stable 4.5Ghz even ramping it up to 1.295v, so I guess I'll just keep it at 4.4.
I know your pain, couldn't get my 3570k over 4.5 without pushing 1.32vcore, didn't want ot deal with the heat as I'm just on a 212+ for cooling.
got my pentium g3258 anniversary running at a stable 4.2ghz at the moment, its a great cpu for poorfags like me.
Sucks man. The average for my cpu is about 4.5@1.25v.Feels bad.
cannot get my i5 2500 above 4.2it's [spoiler]a non K[/spoiler]
all the voltageno gainsI7 3770k, 4.5Ghz @ 1.2V 0.08V offsetAfter reading all faggots yelling at Intel for their cheap thermal paste I must say it runs at 60°C max when my system is dust free which it sadly isn't right now. Using a H100i for cooling.What are your temps?
Lel mine is stable 4.6@1.25v Guess you had bad luck on the Silicon,  but again 0.2gh is marginal
4690k fag here.63º max at load after an hour or something.Using an air cooler btw.
lolI run my 2500k at 4.7ghz at 1.48v on air.yes it needs that voltage to be stable
dat chip degradation
I got my 4690k to 4.5 with 1.176v is this high? or bretty gud
Oh, I didnt actually post this. I could have pushed mine to 4.6 or 4.7 with higher voltage ofc. stable, but I didn't want to leave the "60°C max" spot since summer is comming and my PC is anything but a dust free system.
If I drop it to 4.4ghz, 1.38v is what it needs.
That's still pretty high tho.
After reading all faggots yelling at Intel for their cheap thermal paste I must say it runs at 60°C maxwith my hyper 212+ and some AS thermal paste my 3570k hits thermal wall and throttles past 4.5. I know it didn't actually give me as much performance but I miss my old phenom 2 555. unlocking those extra cores and cranking the voltage and clock speeds as high as it'll go while staying nice and cool under full load with the 212+. Couldn't get past 4Ghz but for the arch that's not too bad.God I abused the shit out of that CPU, but it was like $50 so fuck it.
Thats actually really gud.I bet you already knew it, you only wanted someone to pat your head, didn't you?
I'm running my 3570k at 4.5GHz and 1.308V.If I push it up to 1.4 I can run it at 4.8, but it's a hackintosh and the OSX regulator won't give enough voltage for some reason.  Plus it runs fucking hot.That said, it'll get up to the 70s when it's going full throttle.
actually no I still am clueless to this shitI never tried going lower voltage and that's the only thing I adjusted, I was reading on google that you're supposed to adjust other things but I said fuck it its stableI'm curious if I have one of the good devil canyon chips and can get it to 4.7 but I don't feel like buying a new cpu in a few years
Why do people overclock? the speed gains are minimal around 10% and it greatly increases the temperature, which requires more cooling and all the additional power, money and noise associated with it. Why not just spend this money on the next-tier CPU?I guess if you are in a lab and run some code that cannot be parallelized, and you are running it on the best CPU availlable and you need some results strictly in 24h, but the computation would take 25h, THEN overclocking makes sense
Why do people overclock?what a silly question. because I want to reduce the bottleneck that my CPU/GPU makes in gamesaround 10%A: I'd love to see some source from something practical, like say frame rates in a games. I've personally seen overclocking my old phenom 2 to 4Ghz making the difference between unplayable and playable in games like witcher 2
Because most anyone overclocking already has ample cooling solutions, which cover the noise and heat dissipation of your question. A Hyper 212 EVO or H80/100 are more than good enough while still being generally quiet. Then there are those who go for even higher overclocks with custom loops.The power consumption is so marginal its not even a consideration for anybody. Nobody gets a PSU that is going to be the exact wattage they'll be using. Minus a GPU power usage in most cases you can't even get a PSU low enough to not cover all core components and an OC'd CPU. Unless you're running AMD.As for myself, I have an i7-4790k. Thats the best CPU I can get on an LGA 1150 Mobo that isn't a Xeon which can't overclock well / at all anyway. I run at a stable 4.8 Ghz, I BSOD at 5 and I've never tried 4.9. Don't really feel the need to push beyond what I have as thats already a 20% overclock.
I know that feel. Pic related
the speed gains are minimal around 10%Let's see, go from 3.7G to 4.5G... that's .8/3.7=.21... so you're off by a factor of two.
Ny 3570k runs at a stable 4.4GHz with only a boost of +0.025v on core
speed gains are minimalIvy Bridge I7 vs Haswell I7 10% increase in speed, gaming wiseI just made it into the next generation spending 0$. :^
site:We had a nice little thread the other day. Search public files on Google drive. Post results. Best from last thread were confidential legal documents and marriage papers. As well as the most nightmarish person I've ever seen. Fat stash of animu:of OP image WARNING: THIS IS SOMEHOW A REAL PERSON:
To be clear, go to Google and enter " site:into the search field. Add a space, and whatever string you'd like to search for. File extensions seem to work as well. Share fun shit.
fat stash of recent and casual mainstream animuGanesh confirmed for /a/ regular
Marvel's Civil War series. also saw a pretty sizable general marvel collection but lost the link.
These books are given to us by *** for training and trainer development and are not intended to be distributed outside ***. The password is traceable to ***, so it is very important that these copies will not be distributed to non-*** employees. Keep this password and the books confidential, for questions: ***@***.com The password to open the books is: "***"confidentialBrought to you by Google™®©
Just to let you guys know, you have to deliberately make a folder public in order to make it show up on google search.It's not something that people would do accidentally, as is the case with unsecure routers and owncloud.
H4X
People are retarded they don't know what it really means. If it's public you don't need to manually set access rights.Yeah, found similar shit. People almost doxed themselves.
Powerword: legal
yfw you uncover illegal activity
 Alicia Ann Miller Raish - is an Orange County CA Parks director trail Management Specialist and has a thriving ID theft - Lovescam - extortion business Centered in Bully takeovers of USA business and personal holdings - Alicia's Mother and Crime lord Mentor Dolores Ann Miller Was killed and the evidence of mnurder covered up By Alicia - See Brother Sean Shirey Miller's own words describing her Murder  or the Fake with a real body  What the fuck....
uhhhmmmm
Anyone can read arabic? There're some documents:don't feel like OCR'ing arabic today.
Hi /g/Just today i replaced my cracked screen on my LGG2 and all was good after untill i got a phone call, i noticed my ringtone had been reset to default, after trying to change it back i also noticed all my photos missing, i freaked out for about 30 seconds until i found them through Astro file manager... Why can't the phone see my files but Astro can?
Because the phone doesn't know, but astro lube knows you are gay.
Thats an interesting theory, how would you sugest letting the phone know i'm gay so i can see my files again?
use a third party photos app such as google photos instead of the gallery.
Because the cache was probably cleared.
Fixed.
Robot apocalypse when?class="quote"a drone drops one of these armed with machine guns through you're roof after botnet detects a shitpost from your ip address Is this thing more advanced than Boston Dynamics dog?
Is this thing more advanced than Boston Dynamics dog?There is only one way of knowing it
MIT vs Boston Dynamics robot dog fighting arena? I would pay to watch
A new era of robot wars is on the horizonWell I'm keen...
I hope it's better than the '90s televised home made robot fighting shit on tv. Or maybe I don't hope this?
Do you guys remember that show on Comedy Central? Battle Bots?
Nice.
mfw robot creators started imitating BD's design
than you think
Well, BD was spun off of MIT so it's only natural.
LOWER FAGGOT
no Stayin' Alive
I REMEMBERpetman is bro tier thoughdidn't know that. fucking DARPA man, i seriously think a lot of the classical unsolved problems in mathematics were solved by these fuckers but the proofs are classified
they predict the singularity will happen by 2040. I predict that's complete bullshit. these things can barely walk, and that's with a shit ton of coding. there's no way they'll be able to reason and replicate themselves in 25 years.
I liked Robotica tbh.tfw Kritical Mass lost
That's what they said about today's computing power 25 years ago
you're roof
Thursday
Is there another program or FF extension that works similar to GetFLV?
* half or full finger gloves?* natural or synthetic materials?* usb powered or purely mechanical?* wearing it for medical reason or just for style?* do you prefer a special brand?* when did you start using typing gloves?* do you use them for gaming, on the job, or both?* on one hand only or both?
What next? Typing thimbles?
The gloves make sense because carpal tunnel syndrome.
If only to keep idiots using the correct posture
half or full finger gloves?Mine, like your pic, do not reach up to my fingers.natural or synthetic materials?Synthetic. Call me when a plant is discovered that evolved specifically for supporting human wrist movements.usb powered or purely mechanical?Are you serious? It's a damn glove.wearing it for medical reason or just for style?Jesus Christdo you prefer a special brand?Whatever workswhen did you start using typing gloves?When I was diagnosed with onset carpal tunnel at 17do you use them for gaming, on the job, or both?I don't game and my job requires little typing. I do have a pair at work, but I don't use them often. I mostly wear them at home.on one hand only or both?Depends on how long I'll be typing and if I'm experiencing a flare up.
Show us your fedora first
, 
Let's say a NEET like myself wants to study for the different Red Hat certifications and wants to 'play' in a VM for practice purposes.Since RHEL is not gratis, should I go with Fedora or CentOS?
If you have to ask, then there is no way in fuck you will be qualified to be RHEL certified any time soon. Fedora is much more cutting edge and often very different than RHEL. CentOS is literally a clone of  RHEL without the branding. If you don't know anything about the differences between Fedora, RHEL, and CentOS and how the projects are structured you really should read up on the basics like that before even thinking of certification. It's like deciding you want to be a math teacher and then asking "what comes after 4 again... is it 7?"
Good luck OP. Maybe go to colllege first and actually learn something before deciding on becoming RHEL certified.  fyi, CentOS is basically a clone of rhel, they just change the name.
CentOS is pretty much the free version of RedHat, and Fedora is the Linux ecosystem's testing bed that just happens to be sponsored by RedHat and maintained by RedHat engineers. Install CentOS on your server and Fedora on your desktop. And be sure to completely erase Windows. You won't be needing that where you're headed.
Install CentOS for practise. if you haven't had a nervous breakdown after a couple of months using it then RedHat certs won't pose much of a problem.
Lol I just realized the red part of the logo looks like a frickin dinosaur
/thread
I used CentOS for mine.
if you haven't had a nervous breakdown after a couple of months using it then RedHat certs won't pose much of a problem.Why do you say that anon?
Why is it that Beats by Dre are so shit yet plebs keep buying them?
marketing mostly
They're literal cucks
they sound and look better than shit like m50's
Yet you can get AKG K701s for a more reasonable price than Apple headphones.
marketing, word of mouth and style
why do plebs buy heavily marketed overpriced trash?because they're plebs
The same reason morons buy apple products.
Why is it that Beats by Dre are so shit yet plebs keep buying them?"People are really fucking stupid." -- George Carlin
They sound fucking awesome. Unless you listen with your eyes.
Social status. The cool kids wear them
they walk around with them on. You can't really do that with m50s. Also their literal cuckolds
Got mine for €16 from China and they're authentic ! questions ?
its like the placebo effect of V6 Mustangs.
Because they look nice. It's fashion.
 authentic chinaPick one and only one.
What about Sennheiser Urbanites? Those look cool AND sound great!
ChinaAuthenticLad...
implying real beats don't come from the exact same factory, just with a shinier box.
Niggers
but "Beats by Dre" is so much easier to remember
beatsnot from china
 implying 16$ ones passed QC with flying colors...assuming they would indeed come from the same factory...
link plsplanning to buy one if they're that price -- also gifts
I was there on a holiday but you might get lucky.
Because most normal people do 0 research before buying headphones. Even if they do, instead of looking at waveform graphs or reading reviews on professional audio epquipment forums, they ask their friends which one should they buy.Their friends being just as huge faggots tell them beats are good because they look good and they sound good plebs think this because the people at headphone shops specifically play ONLY that music which sounds good when the lower frequencies have been made louder. And so they buy beats because if everyone is buying beats they must be good, right?Either this or they walk into the closest headphone shop and buy the most overpriced and flashy looking thing, which also happens to be beats
They're fashionable.If you haven't noticed yet, technology is becoming part of fashion. Fashion is all about trends, and right now, the trend is Beats.It's kind of like the Hitler youth haircut.
Sennheiser is great but dont buy them if you want accurate music reproduction. Sennheiser's budget to mid range headphones do the same thing as Beats and Bose, they add their own electronics to make the music sound more 'vivid', instead of reproducing the exact mudic.While this might be acceptable in 90% of the cases, it might bug you if you like peefect reproduction. Buy Marshall then, they're durable as fuck and have perfect reproduction.
I tried them out at Guitar Center and they're absolute trash unless you like severely bloated bass
Bose soundlink vs Dre pill. Bose wins hands down the amount of sound out of something so small is amazing. Dre just focuses on bass too much.
Seems /g/ has got itFashion, marketing and it's "easy to remember".Btw, if these things matter to you over saving bucks and or getting orgasmic sounding audio with a super fucking flat spectrum, you are a faggot. No homophobia intended, but you are indeed a flaming fucking faggot. Tbh I honestly believe most niggers, wiggers and the awkwardly pc "blackggers" are all, in fact, massive fucking faggots. Hip hop is the most obscenely homophobic yet metrosexual music on the planet. It takes an honest woman doing all the stereotypical woman thing to beat that level of femininity and faggotry. But I digress, someone has to take their disposable income. How else can we keep the *igger man down? We can't have these people working white collar jobs obviously.
No.
They make pretty much the only decent bluetooth headphones, aside from Jaybirds which have terrible battery life
bluetooth HeadphonesKek.
I have $200 Bose headphones I don't like to use in public because they look cheap as fuck.
he thinks HY haircut is a fashion statementis political comrade
boselook cheappick oneBose has that elite look to it. I dont know why you think they look cheap
And tell me why i should need it, darling.I'm probably thinner than you.Not my problem if you're fat and need to loose weight at gym with your stupid bluetooth Headphones.
They arent even that bad. Most of the people who shit on Beats have never actually OWNED a pair...
Don't be coy, bb.
Except AKG K701 sound like shit without a decent amp.
I owned the $300 model i won it then sell it.I prefer my ath M50X $150I don't really like the aesthetic of the Beats by Dre. I really don't like the $250 overpriced shitty sound.
Apple fangirls calling beatsfangirls plebs. Ha seen it all
eliteGet some fucking class you scrub.
Why would someone buy something they don't like?It took me many attempts of testing them out at Best Buy to learn to like them. I would get them if they were 3/4th their retail price.
because plebs are shit.shitty products for shitty peopleAppleThis should be their new slogan.
Logo and the price makes them think theyre premium quality stuff. They put a pair on their head, hear that massive overblubbed bass and they think this is what music is supposed to Sound like.
m50used in recording studios shitYou kidding right?Somebody post that pic with Dr Dre wearing m50s while mixing, pls.
Why does Minecraft get more FPS on Intel processors than AMD CPUs?
But it doesn't.
because minecraft is an autistic game and when you play an autistic game on an autistic processor your entire setup goes to shit.
Because Java.
shitposting a thread with a question that potentially has a serious, technical answershitposting on a relatively serious board at allshitposting in general/b/
This. Java is multithread.
My honest attempt to answer the question is that AMD processors aren't as good as Intel on a per-core basis, and Java apps will rarely use more than one or two cores.
minecraft isn'tit doesn't give a shit how many cores you throw at itjava just has multiple GC threads
If one thing good comes out the sale of Minecraft is that MS will recode the new version without Java.
JavamultithreadedokJavamultithreaded applicationsI have some bad news for you.
If one good thing comes of Microsofts acquisition its that competent devs will be in charge of programmingNotchs previous experience was a a bunch of shitty mobile games and Wurm Online, another Java game with shitty performance because the engine is shit because Notch also worked on it
What's a decent and affordable desk mic? I want to DM some games on roll20 and I need to replace my shitty old headset.
google it you fucking shit
, 
Just ordered a 15 inch macbook proDid I fuck up?Used osx/hackintosh till I had to replace my mobo and i find myself missing it from time to time.
You wanted a portable device with ok screen and good battery life instead of having good processor speed and general specs?If yes then you did good.
over 2000$1800p resolutionrelies solely on Intel integrated graphicsoverpriced as fuck and cant play video games at all but if you bought it for other purposes then it doesnt really matter
Iris Pro can handle games just fine.
i bought a macbook, i regret it a little bit but it's still a nice looking computer.at this point it's fairly easy and stable to use a real operating system on it, too. only inconvenience is usually just to download the wifi firmware.
wow i thought that was ayou know;
macDid I fuck up?Yes.Enjoy your 800MHz hotplate.
Are you running memeOS on a macbook? What are you doing???When will this ebin maymay end?
i have the non retina one and when not using os x and not limiting the clock speed it just runs at 3.4 GHz or whatever and goes to 104 C
1800p resolutioncan you point to a single body with any reputation other than anonymous that uses this term for this resolution?
Spent 3200 after taxes...
if anything's a meme os it's os xos x is trashWhat are you doing?using my computer
We don't have a single review of the rMBP with the AMD card in it. We don't even have recent past experience to go off. What were you thinking?
smh.
seems fine here crunching numbers while True just for shits and giggles
I just got one last week. Idk. seems good. The only thing is that the keyboard layout is kinda awkward. but the overall computer is great. Although it better be for $3,000.
Yeah, fn and ctrl should've been the other way around in my opinion
No I don't know, please enlighten me.
Im 32 years old, still live with mom.Have a crappy sys admin job out in the middle of nowhere, 10 mins of actual real work 7 hours and 50 minutes of nothing. Have a 4790k/780gtx at home. Dont know what else to buy...Are the anime/hentai figures a good hobby?
no it cant you fucking retard
I got one too, except mine was just 500gb pcie because I was already spending enough with adding an airport and applecare. But I did do the 2.8ghz i7. The AMD graphics hasn't shown a single problem yet, but I haven't tried playing any games on it. Probably wont either. I have a gaymen desktop already with sli'd gtx970's. inb4 lel 3.5 xD
if you have to ask if you fucked up the answer is almost always yes
Puss bush
At first glance I saw blue pubes.

LoL, HotS, WoW, Civ... yeah it's fine unless your some hardcore g@m3R mod fag
LoL, HotS, WoW, Civgamestop kek you pathetic casual
I don't understand
why did you reget it a little?
It runs GTA IV on mid 60fps, now wait until your dedicated graphics get toasted in 1 year.
Do the curtains match the carpets?
This picture is fried puppies tier b8
I regret going with a 15" macbook pro because they are just generic as fuck and the hardware is about as closed as you can get.I would love to have a l33t haxxor laptop with a tiled window manger going... but..I'd like to be able to use photoshop occasionally and don't want to spend my days dicking with grub, netcfg, lxdm ect..
sounds like you should just probably kill yourself then.
for three hours i thought this was a pic of a vagina until i really looked at it
So the enjoyment of using Photoshop coupled by the aversion to dicking with Linux config files is a basis for self murder? Could you explain your logic here?
Knock it off Ballmer.You've retired.
feels like i could've gotten something better for less moneyalso don't like the fn/ctrl placement, would prefer a bios and free drivers for the wifi
Are the anime/hentai figures a good hobby?yeah u jack off onto them and post the pics on /a/ its great
Why do all my torrents download like this?
Something else's using the internet, either on your computer or elsewhere in the house
b-but no one is

nice reference friendop it's probably someone who is uploading but same thing is happening to them
Botnet at work.
wtf language is this /g/at first I though c++ but then I looked close and was like nopethen java and was like naw those aren't how to define variables in javathen javascript and was like no it uses math.pow not .powernow I think pascal?
this is the kung fury hacking scene btw
but that is how you define objects in Java
uh it's definitely java matethen java and was like naw those aren't how to define variables in javadouble c = ...that's definitely correct java syntaxSystem.out.printlnyeah it's java
At least it's not HTML.
Java
oh I read the top line completely fucking wrong lel wrong
System.out.printlnThats java I can tell by that one shitty line.
huehue rekt
E=mc2
Don't just post that picture around, man...You want everyone around hacking time?
how else are we going to go back in time and take moot out before he's born?
E = mc2 convertermy fucking sides
system.out.printlnprobably c# or java or something else
2015being retardedshiggydiggy
Just got this fucken rock. what do? Linux? can't install snow leopard.
I just got a LG G4 if that matters
do you say el gee gee four?
elementary OS? what do you guys think?
Lol no I pronounce it like like the board letter. el ge ge four
install gentoo
There is some sillyness with kernel mode setting on Radeon hardware in newer kernels. I don't know if they got that fixed yet. Debian Wheezy with lxde should run pretty well on it.
Debianno thanks. too complicated for me.
Can that thing even run Linux? lol
Break it
OP, i have the same laptop. it collects dust on a bookshelf.
Debian Complicatedu dum
eOS sounds good if there's a PPC version available G4 MacBook isn't x86
Dual boot Debian and OS X 10.4. I use mainly 10.4.11 on my iMac G4, and Debian worked well. Also it's not fucking complicated.
LXLE
The only Linux distribution I can think that is designed for PowerPC is Yellow Dog Linux, however, never owning a PowerPC computer, I couldn't tell you what it is like.
There are a bunch of Linux distros for PPC but their repos are all out of date at best, abandoned at worst.
So im planning on buying a nice 27+ inch monitor maybe 32-34" curved?.I like to play flight simulators, and having a 3 monitor setup would be very beneficial for that, plus just overall web browsing and such would be better with multiple monitorsIm willing to spend $4-500 on the main monitor as that's the most important for gaming, and I feel like the quality of the other two monitors don't really matter, as they will basically just be for a wider FOV, and/or secondary browser.What I don't know, and keeps me hesitating to buy the first monitor, is how well will these 2nd and 3rd monitors work with a larger, higher quality main monitor?If i buy a 32" curved or whatever larger size main monitor, with a lower quality cheap, maybe 24" monitor on each side, obviously everything wont line up right, but will they be compatible? Like will the secondary monitors have to be able to display 4k or 1080P too to work? Can i run a 120hz center monitor with a 60hz on each side?Will i have to dumb down the graphics to get them to all play together?I feel dumb, that i should know this, but the more i think into it, the more i realize i have no idea.Im just afraid of buying a $500 monitor then realizing i can only have a 3 screen setup if i buy two more $500 monitors, id just buy 3 cheap ones and say fuck it if thats the case.I hope this makes sense, any advice or opinions here? thanks!
hi /g/I didn't read the sticky so I'm here to ask you to review some consumer tech for meI'm from /b/ and haven't bothered to lurk other boards at all, so I think it's standard procedure across all of 4chan to "pay" for help with pictures of girls because we totally aren't already on the internet with more porn than a person could ever watchConsider suicide
im not asking for "which monitor to buy"Im asking how/if different styles, techs and sizes are compatible with each other in a multiple monitor setup. I thought maybe someone might have some helpful input for me, im sorry i commited such a terrible crime
im not asking for "which monitor to buy"Nobody gives a fuck. /g/ is for discussing technology. Not for being your private entourage of on-call techies whenever you need advice. Take it to /adv/ or r/techsupport/ where you'd probably fit in better anyways.I thought maybe someone might have some helpful input for meYou thought wrongim sorry i commited such a terrible crimeTrust me, I'm sorry you did too.
spending money on multiple monitorsnot buying a head tracking device which is superiorstupid questions thread
What a friendly person you are, you must be very well liked. If you put half the effort into being normal, as you do into being a bitter asshole about nothing for no reason, i'm sure you will have a much happier existence. Thanks for your input, i'd appreciate if you would take your negative personality and try and compensate for it on the internet somewhere else please :
I have a trackir too man, I think it would just be cool to have 3 monitors, it'd help with the overall experience, with a larger fov, and make multiple windows much easier to read
Surprising. Yet another /b/tard comes on /g/ blatantly ignoring the sticky but being all nice and polite when asking for help, then turns into a moron hurling insults the second someone tells him he's in the wrong place.Scum like you show up here every day. You are the biggest cancer on this board. You are the reason why the sticky exists, and you never get help.
turns into a moron hurling insultsmakes false assumptions about what i even asked"consider suicide"assuming where people fit in, with absolutely no basisyou thought wrong"im sorry you did too"scumcancerstill in this thread crying about a simple question, after being asked to leaveturns into a moron hurling insults
I didn't say I never insulted *you*still on this bored after being asked to leaveI guess we have something in common.
Making irrelevant justifications for nothingDoesn't know the difference between a board and threadFree to go anywhere else on the internet besides this threadStill on this threadStillOnThisThread
Is there any level of T61 hardware that will smoothly play 720p60 YouTube smoothly? Please advise
Why is she in charge of the /g/ archive?
she was the meme of the month and that's what the guy used to name the site
She runs it.
Daily reminder that the desktop pc is officially dead
Just formatted my computer and started to reinstall essential software. Is LibreOffice still considered the best Office suite? What other essential software do you guys recommend?
No, of course it's not.MS Office is the best, but it's close 2nd.And I'm not shilling, it's just a fact if you want compatibility.
Office suitewhat is this 1985?use proper tools instead
Its whatever gets the job done at the end of the day. But libreoffice seems to work just fine
Office suiteIt's fucking 2015 m8
Next you faggots will tell me not to buy a new version of Britannica as well.
It's still the premier FOSS office suite. You could also use Abiword or Calligra. Depends what you need to do, if it's just papers learn LaTeX.
I use open office solely because I think it looks better.
Botnet Oracle shill.
As far as I know, yes, but man has it been playing poorly with spreadsheets lately. At least for me. I think at this rate I'd rather use the MS Office Android apps than risk it with LO.Can't help you with essential software, though. I do a whole lot of fucking nothing on the computer so I'm most of the way there with just a browser.
But it's an apache™ project now.
A while back I needed to throw together some spreadsheets and decided to give it a whirl. Between the crap interface and self destructing when trying to generate a chart, it's crazy that anyone could recommend it.I ended up pulling my Windows toaster out of storage and stuck the latest MS Office on it. Everything worked, no bugs, no hassle, no problems.Maybe I'm being too harsh on LibreOffice since I only tried calc, but it really didn't leave a good enough impression for me to attempt anything else with it.Summary: It's the premier FOSS office suite and it almost works.
You'll need the gimp, I suppose.
get free outlook account and use Office Online applications.
"I'm not shilling"CONFIRMED SHILL
windows:notepadlinux:pluma, terminal, etc.
Ive been looking for a laptop and found this one for about 660€.  Toshiba satellite p50-b-10rIt has an Intel Core i7-4710HQ, 4x 2.50GHz, 16gb ram, 1tb sshd, 1080p screen and a radeon r9 m265xThe specs seem nice for the price but the screen is apparently shit. Next price is like 1k.What do you think? Is it worth the price?
Good build but the fucking glare on any of toshiba's laptop is cancer inducing. Avoid it
Hey /g/When is goog gonna fix closed caption and why is it so hard?
Seems to be working as intended.
botnet
i love cumRude my dog died in that accident
I exhaled through my nose slightly louder than usual
lol... it actually says that. i thought you be trollin
voice recognition is a hard problem, especially of apes
is he retarded now?
Any interesting deep web links? No cp or newfag human experiment links pls.
No CPBeing this afraid of creepy pasta.
Get the fuck out m8, you wont find anything here.
mfw i seen ".gif" and said "why .gif ?"I hate you, anon.3
god dammit I read this then got curious and checked
WHOA THAT WAS CLOSE
Same
.gifnope
Are you going to make this thread every day until vacation is over?
heres the scarier version
take break from 4chanforgot to look for .gifi screamed :/
protip: there would be no reason to put it on the deep web if it weren't CP or something else heinous and illegal. Nobody wants content to be inaccessible.
FUCK YOU ANON. FUCK YOU.
KekSoo you're not upgrading I take it?
It's after my sweetness!
.gifI did it anyway
A firehose directory of all new Tor Hidden Services similar to Freenet's Linkageddon would be nice.
kek
fucking OP
ITT: people way overreacting
I laughed way too fucking hard at this
I admit, took away my thumb from the screen when she went all spooky.
ITT: People who have never seen a screamer before
actually i am, I'm a MS biz consultant so I have to keep up on whatever the new tech is regardless. i'll deal
they looked at the .gifthey didn't hover over it repeatedly to check for spooky stuff
its fun 2 b skerred
it means that u got trolled ;^
fucking kid got me again
This is worrying to me. Should I be concerned?
No, simply blocking prefetching, as it should. Option to toggle it off was released a few hours ago.
Holy fuck this is like the twentieth thread today on this. Learn to use Google. Learn to use the archives.There is an entire fucking wiki page that accompanied this update that exactly explains the permission change.Die in a fire
I'm looking for a new phone to replace my Lumia 920. Is the Oneplus One the best I can get for sub-$500?
Why replace a very good phone with a complete shit phone?
What does /g/ think of android gaming?I was thinking of just making an Android Console. Yes, I like android games. One of my favorite games is bombsquad and Summoner's War. Most anything I've tried so far by Com2us I enjoy.
pw2ad revenueworse at every level than games made 30 years ago which you can emulate for free on your phoneetc
make it a steambox or wait for android TV
Well see, on my phone, I just got into hearthstone and I love it. But the issue is that it has heated up my phone to like 105-110f. I don't have service on my tablet so I gotta be connected to wifi and I'm not about to waste my data for my tablet on hotspot and kill my battery. and as for the steambox I've thought about it. but I don't wanna run SteamOS when I have a shit ton of Windows/mac only games. Even tho batman AK is going to be on linux soon
My local target has some ouyas still in stock.They've been trying to clearance them out for $70, but nobody has bought them in the 6 months they've been in the store.I was thinking about getting one myself, but then I remembered my PSP already emulates everything.
So /g/ are the racing PC chairs worth it? I'd imagine so the average seat in a car is fairly comfy, I don't know about the 300 dollar price tag on most of them, are there any good and relatively cheaper alternatives? Bonus points if the arm rests extend from the back rather from the side.
Anyone else /shitty wooden kitchen chair/ here?
I recently ugpraded to /creaky cheap office chair/ but at least it has wheels
How do you live with that?
Being poorIt sucks but sometimes I subconsciously flip it over, have my knees on the floor and lean back on it like a recliner.
Standing desk master race here
Enjoy your foot pain
Those chairs are too expensive. Not to mention they look super embarassin'
maybe for a fatass like you
300-400 creditsExpensivePick fucking one.Think about this for a bit.Chair is an object you use every damn day.I think it's worth paying couple of hundred for something that won't rape you spine in the long run.
I just wish I could go somewhere to test one out.
make your own faggot
Actually I was thinking about something like that at first.Car seats are ultra comfy.Just decided to order one of the DxRacers in the end.Should arrive in two weeks or so.If the fucker even remotely lives up to the hype, then I'm happy with it.
Every time I see this thumbnail, all I can see is a woman lying on the ground with her legs spread, like she was doing push-ups.
wut?
I mean I would and all, but I like the adjustibility and durability of a proper chair.
I'm poor and I spent my 3 weeks salary on a chair. Buy something better, anything - fixing your back will cost a lot more in the long run than a semi-decent office chair from ikea.
push-upslegs spreaduwot=?
I K E A  M A R K U SKEAMARKUS
I have it. I like it. It's good for my back. Don't get leather though. Leather is bad.
my ~1.5 year old Markus has developed some slop such that it will rock side to side slightly. Is it fixable?
Analyze it and figure it out.
If your not getting something else for free, Markus is the only acceptable answer.
But it's flat as fuck, and the arms aren't adjustable
Racing chairs kinda suck. The chairs that are comfortable in an auto are designed for comfort. If you could get a normal car seat it would probably be pretty comfy.Racing seats on the other hand are designed to keep you in the same position when dealing with a lot of lateral acceleration hence the side and leg bolsters during driving, and they are designed to weigh very little. Comfort while stationary isn't a priority for a racing seat.If you want to get a comfortable chair, go to an office store and sit in all the different chairs and take whatever feels the most comfortable.
how is itI've been needing a new chair for a while and getting an actual racing seat would be pretty wicked to go with my racing setup.
Could just get one without the wings
Lol man I just use one of these
mah niggas
I've got a dxracer l chair.  It was 350 or something online with free shipping.  I had on and off back problems for about a year.  I'm a programmer, so I sit all day.  I changed everything else about my work environment and bought a high back leather chair.  That gave me problems still so I ended up deciding it was either a dxracer or an aeron.  I bought the dxracer, tossed out the lumbar support shit, and I haven't had a back problem since.  Oh, I also bought an erg, but I'd say the chair was just as helpful in alleviating my back issues.
The EZ lounge chairs looks pretty decent, i've been looking for buying one myself.
So what chair should I get /g/?
The armrests are shit
not sure why this gets recommended all the time. back and armrest both suck.i also have the steelcase leap and i think it's overrated as well. seat hurts after a while, the armrests feel kind of cheap, the adjustable lumbar thing sucks, and i personally don't like that you can't lock the back position. instead it has this resistance thing and as you lean back the back adjust to it and you can increase/decrease the resistance. maybe my lower back is just fucked up.
, 
knock knockneed you to sign for this package sirtimetofindoutwhatiordered.py
What do we have here?A dirty carpet
mmmm those baked miss vickies jalapenos were so good.
What do we have here?A really gay sock
inside out dress sockfixed that for you.
US POORFAG SERVICEreal courier Pick one
open the fucking package already faggotjesus christ
This is going to feel so good.
Looks like dildos
what's in the box you f*ggot
I dont think that ones could possibly have arrived by now, but this color looks similar.
Pink peanuts are anti-static.  It's a smartvibrator.
No, too small and curvy, also, who orders like 500 dildos?
if i was a mod i would delete this faggot thread so fastfucking stupidfuck off op
this thread is fucking reddit-tier
this anon knows their packing peanuts.how did this get in here? Lets dig deeper.
CAHow you enjoying living in mexico?
shhhh, let the rustling be partially satiated.
is that a chinkpad battery?
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Mexifornia never looked more brown.This drought is killer.Almost as killer as this items design.
inb4 OP buys Chinkpad and Chinkpad accessories
Fucking cheap ass bubble wrap, not one satisfying pop to be had.
well hes already being a faggot so it wouldn't surprise me
Shitty faggot keyboard
buying non-functional accessories.You act like I dont keep action figure mechs behind my acrylic see-through comp case.
constanza belittles
WINRARGood goy, you guesser you. Guess I am a faggot afterall.that dust build up after 30secs being hooked up.
corsair_gamingcorsair keyboardshit talking the one good thing that Corsair makes
b-b-but cors-s-sair!Corsairse
That new logo looks like arseThe fact OP is american and could have ordered the same keyboard but with the original logo but got the tramp stamp one baffles me
The logo does look like ass, which is saddening since most girls already have one right above theirs.Just happy I have one item from my build with their oldschool logo.And just when you thought I said something you could agree withvengeance
not wanting your ram to avenge your data
Someone scan the barcode for OP's address.
fucking tried but bcodes are too sensitive with that much blur.
most girls already have one right above theirs
ha.didnt see it coming.
not a child torsoOP, don't waste our time.
tfw you wear the same socks as this flaming faggot
Timestamp
I got that same keyboard but tenkeyless a week ago.One of the keys leds is already failing and I'm not sending it in just to fix one led and have more break later.I heard it might be something about using leadless solder and the connection fails?
Op here:Where the fuck did you get those transparent keys and why don't I have them.
They came from my max keyboard switch sample set.I don't know if they're the """ proper""" keycaps for wasd, but they fit. Max keyboards sells a set of 9 or something for wasd and arrow keys.You plan on using o rings?
Tbh I just got into mkbrds. But feel free to enlighten me.
leadless RoHS-compliant solder is a lot harder to melt/flow than the lead-bearing stuff, so it puts a higher demand on the manufacturing process and tends to have a higher reject rate, not all of which gets caught in time because cold solder joints can last a little while and then fail as soon as they experience any kind of mechanical stressif it were me, i'd desolder it and resolder with lead-bearing solder, and let the european union go fuck itself sideways with a lead-free hammerbut you're probably the kind of faggot who looks at a soldering iron and goes all limp in the wrists, so you may as well RMA it for a replacement keyboard and hope that one doesn't fuck up tooor you could just get a non-backlit keyboard, you flaming mariposa
Righteous. Believe it or not this k65 is my first mech too. The o-rings make the key taps softer in terms of noise because its plastic hitting rubber instead of plastic to plastic and also reduces key travel distance.generic pack is the one I got, and its got no difference from the o-rings max keyboards sent me. their packs are like $20.
Also forgot to mention if you end up getting different keycaps or the O-rings and are a cheapass like me, make a keycap puller out of paperclips.
Tubular, anon. I might actually order a set from that link, cheers.
No prob. Corsair made a lot of mistakes, but its a nice keyboard even if its got alot of issues.
Fuck me, this is stangly exotic.
Erotica 2.0
Lead is bad for you goyimt. European Union
What would android be like today if he were still alive?
We don't know. All that matters is that he's now with god.
Nothing would had been different.Except of course, more faggotry from retarded fans.
He would have obviously used Apple's amazing tech to hack into a nuclear weapons silo and nuke Android.The government poisoned him with radioactive food so that it wouldn't happen.
termonuclearterminally illiswydt
Material design wouldve come out last q4 and meanwhile stevo is still jerking of to his skueomorphism shit design.
Less memeterial design, more retarded skeuomorphism from Steve blowjobs
, 
ITT: We list the most important technological advancements of all timewheelelectricitymotortransistorintegrated circuitradioFinish the list /g/Pic not related
Anime
where can i get one of those
AnimeWatcher.exe
iPodiPhoneMacbookThe GUI Mac OS System 1Retina DisplaysI'm starting to see a pattern here!
gentoo
phallocentric cishet shitlord pls go
Anime is the single greatest invention humanity has ever conceived.Prove me wrong.
Pathetic.
RadiatorNuclear fissionNuclear fusionFuel cellsStem cell tissue creationcopper as a conductorTelecommunication networks
masturbation
Mac OS System 1It's System 0.8.5, you negro!
internet4chanmemes
Anime is a form of entertainment that requires an electronic visual display, therefore the display is more important than anime.
Anime existed before electronic visual displays, you imbecile.
R34?
Animation and the technology behind it wasn't invented by slant eyes
Anime is cultural genocide.Remember to buy all the merchandise good goys.
No, but it was perfected.The wheel may have been invented in 3500 BC, but it certainly wasn't comfortable to ride on until tires were invented.
agriculturethe forgeprinting pressbase-10calculusthe steam engineICEbanking and other jewish activitiesthe lamprefrigerationsewer systemrunning waterantibioticsmodern microbe theorysteam locomotivesbound booksDDTgunpowderassembly lineHeavier-than-air flightmoedank memes
Fine. Then papyrus or the writing utensil is more important by the same principle, weeb.
modern toilets/plumbing
Sex 

most of these lists have the printing press and the cotton gin on them somewhere.
4chan get script
zoophiliacondom

Heated seats.
That's not a dragon vagina.
key locks
3.5" floppydisks.
tfw I remember putting porn on a floppy exactly like thathad like two moviesdisapeared in class
Ever heard of the Xerox PARC
Thinking about it, literally nothing would be different it gentoo had never been invented.
no firePlebs around me.
had like two movies1.2 mb for 2 porn moviesright
if you like non ridiculously painful surgeries, I would say anesthesia
You were obviously too poor for a mac.
Guns.
AncientWheelRenaissance Printing PressIndustrialSteam EngineModernElectricityDigitalComputerBiologicalNanobotsSpaceHyperdriveThanks c Civilization 4.
/g/ would be
Metallurgy and antibiotics.
crab people
what is .rmit was probably 15 second demos from paid porn sites, though
BAGELSPORT
Not necessarily. rm had some cray compression. I downloaded all of Robotech over a 56k modem.
steve jobsmost anuses would have been tighter without him
not even a 3.5"
get pineapple something somethingsomething???profit
Is it like a RPi with a wifi dongle?
*tips multitool
do u eat the pienapple?
I've been looking at getting one lately. Seems bretty cruel.
That's great.
how exactly does uBlock work?is it just some lazy call/sms type blocker where you have to manually block shit as you go or does it have an actual community build list, or imported EasyList
How about you read the readme you imbecile
It supports any filter list you like, including all of ABP's. A whole bunch are preloaded by default.It also supports manual blocking.
thanks anon, but the description says you can add more blocks similar to ABE but i dont see any options to add themwhere do we subscribe to those additional lists?
Click the uBlock icon and click on the header, where it says "uBlock", to open the Dashboard.Go to 3rd Party Filters.Scroll all the way to the bottom, where it says "Custom" and there is a text box.Add the URL of the filter list of your choice, without the ! at the start. One URL per line.Click Parse.Activate your list and click Apply Changes.
oh okay i couldnt see the small ass cogalso i just went to install it to chrome and the Oirign version has almost 3k and Ublock regular only has 100which one is better? i only saw plain ol Ublock for Firefox
Origin is better.exact details of why two versions exist is complicated, but the short version is: Origin is the version by the original developer. The non-Origin version is by a different guy, who has decided to "streamline" it by removing advanced functions and adding a donation link.
is this overkil?
Nah, that's fine.
that's absurd. fet rid of all the ones under malware domains, along with peter lowe's. those are for your hosts file.
Now that uBlock includes those Disconnect lists, is Firefox's native tracking protection  , which is based on Disconnect, needed at all?What would be better overall, enabling those new lists in uBlock or enabling Firefox's tracking protection?
They do the same thing. I would use ublock for that so you don't end up enabling the same filter twice.
