I5 4690K or Xeon E3-1231V3? The i5 is overclockable. The Xeon goes is locked and goes up to 3.6GHz, but also has hyperthreading. What do? They cost about the same amount.
If you will actually overclock, the i5if you're just going to buy it and leave it stock and go "I can overclock it later!" buy the xeon
Depends on what you do with your computer m80
costs 200$ moreslowerworse camerano removable battery and SD cardburn in amloledWhere were you when the s6 got btfo
worse cameraWhere are the comparison shots? I'm curious.
that bad lg ui design
am I the only one who finds it to be a turn off if a girl doesn't use apple productslike if she is into gaymen PC's whatever but at least your laptop and phone should be apple.if they don't use apple products it just makes them seem more.....I dunno, "trashy" I guess is the best word.
The ads worked
Don't go to /g/ they said. It is complete shit they said.
I feel the same but only for phones
Lel. Try harder anon.
uh
pretty boy detected
thing is im really not baiting.if a dude uses an android phone I don't think anything of it.  but if a girl uses one I get this feeling of eww gross she probably got android phone cos the rest of her money goes to condoms and boozeor something like that.even more intense when they use a windows laptop
that's hilarious.
like if she is into gaymen PC's whateverVirgin detected/v/ faggot detectedUnderage b& detectedAbsolutely disgusting
Who the fuck cares?
So if the girl has apple products has no money for condoms nor the pill. So you better watchout crazy fuck.
Virgins detected
Rich daddy boy detected. Fuck off with your shit.
I understandAttractive and smart woman use apple products because they just want something that works,
if a girl uses a dumbphone I get a boner
implying non-Apple products don't workTry again
It's a good thing  you're not into girl then anon.
it doesn't even say what the graph represents...
So you just want to date welfare obamafone users?
The only woman I see using non apple products are the 30 year olds working at 7-11 and cosplaying whales with stinky cuntscase close
Implying hoodrats don't fuck with ios.
For me if a girl do not use gentoo its a turn down
I earn money and buy nice shit, why be so jealous? If you worked hard you could buy nice shit too.
Turn down for what?
For me it's the opposite of OP's claim. If a girl has an Android I usually get along better because it makes her have that 'down to earth' feeling. Like it makes her seem like she doesn't care about overpriced flashy trash that makes people see you have enough to afford a $750 phone. Like my phone was $250 at most and I'm happy with it.just me tho
My gf owns an iPhone and a 300 dollar laptopAm I safe anon?
TURN DOWN FOR WHAT
That would turn me so much on.Me: What OS do you use?She: Gentoo. What...Me: Did you compile your custom kernel?She: Of course, what are you doing?Me: Nothing, lets fuck
tfw qt gf decides she wants android all on her ownLiterally never said anything about apple to her ever.
apple or android*
I've thought about getting a iphone but they don't have any features worth switchingno expandable storagelocked down osrequires itunes
Hows it feel to get cuck'd OP?
So you find intelligent women a turn off?
I use pc desktop and apple laptops, but I agree. There is nothing attractive about a girl who pulls out a 7" android phone. Or a shit dell laptop. I don't speak poor.
wanting a vapid materialistic whore who will leave you whenever someone richer comes alongcucks, all of you
Dude, get  dose of reality. Apple sucks, smart chicks don't usually use Apple. Smart chicks are attractive. So if they use apple I'm less likely to date, but even so I won't say no just because of their computer.
kek
going to university at international hub for asiansqt grills everywhereall multilingual and can speak 2/3+ languagesall using samsungs or similarly huge sony/china brand phonesonly the white whores tote around iphonesnever talk to any of them anyway since i barely have time to breathe with my course loadfeelsbadman
I didn't realize until now that I am exactly the same way.Most Android phones are ugly pieces of shit, and if a woman doesn't care about a phone's physical appearance, I take it as it being reflective of how much of an effort she puts on personal appearance etc.It's not so much that I get turned off if a woman doesn't use an iPhone, but I get turned off if their phone isn't well designed and completely shit.
nice shitsure, dude
It must be just you anon. If we're just talking about pure aesthetics here, a girl looks very "basic" if they own Apple products to me.
hahahahhaha uwot
I've never met an attractive girl who used anything other than a galaxy or an iphone. even girls without as much money will usually still be using a 4s or a 5. The only women I know that use android are weird, poor, Hispanic/Black I'm hispanic and all the females in my family use androids or middle aged.
My Cousin uses a Moto G as her phone, one of those asus tranformer laptops and my old PC because they do the job and she spends all her money on improving her house.She's also regional manager for a big company and damn is she pretty, she's a lesbian though so that probably explains it.
I earn money and buy nice shitLol no, you don't. Appleshit is for the wannabe rich poorfag.
Phone brand/OS doesn't much matter, but if a girl pulls out a phone with a shattered, barely-functional screen it's an immediate turn-off.I have no idea why the fuck so many girls don't know how to take care of their expensive hardware.
If the girl doesn't use apple products means she  has some knowledge about tech or she knows the value of her money, or she is poor but if she is cute it doesn't matter.
On the contrary, if a girl uses Apple products, I am turned off. Shows she has no sense, and unless she can talk about the realtime kernel or benefits of the UNIX way, I will assume she's a macfag until further notice.
I'm unsure if I kek'd at the sarcasm or the logic, but regardless I kek'd.
I generally tend to see people who use iPhones as incapable of making an intelligent decision, and basing their consumer purchases based on what is popular, rather than what is good. I have this opinion on Samsung users as well, but generally to a lesser degree.When I see a girl using an Android flagship that is not made by Samsung, I am more likely to see her as capable of making rational decisions.Remember: Girls who are dumb as posts are likely to raise children who are dumb as posts. Don't date stupid women.
lel who cares which phone they usebitches are bitches, period
Lel. Nice one fuck boy.
OP feels immaculated when girls actually know how to use a computer not designed for 5 year olds and old people.
iPhones should be for women, niggers, paisas, and gay liberal men.Windows Phone/Based Nokia should be for blue collar working class people of society.Android should be your average white male middle class phones.Blackberry should be your 30+ men in the enterprise business who does cocaine and gets hookers. The rest of the dumbphones are for drug dealers of 80+ age people.
If i get a girls phone number and she texts back green, she drops a point or two. sorry but that's just how it is.
that's weird. I don't associate anything in any way sexual with what personal electronics someone uses. OP, are you sure you're not disturbed?
I'm turned off by girls who don't use linux.If they only have Ubuntu and don't even know how to use the terminal then into the trash she goes.
Anon, I hate faggots, liberals, and niggers, and I own an iPhone. I just really like iPhones compared to droids. The hardware has always felt nicer to me and I don't mind paying for that. I've used droids before and none of them feel as snappy as my iPhone.
The only turn off for me are smokers, although I am a smoker myself
I know a gentooer grillshe is a fattyand seriously, she just use it to get along with the tech crowd and score an engineerNo pun intended, but at the end of the day grills are attracted to wealth to have babies, so they are masters of getting along
am I the only oneyes. and you are the worst kind of cancer
Blackberrys, Cocaine, and Hookers sounds like the best life ever.
implying that I want to get married and have childrenEvery woman I date shouldn't have to be a  "potential wife" for me because they'll all cheat either way
my boyfriend bought a note 4 recently. it was weird at first but i got used to it.
immaculated
She: HOLY FUCK GET YOUR GREASY HANDS OFF ME YOU DISGUSTING NECKBEARD
my gf has a windows pc, lenovo laptop running windows and a google nexus
I fucked my gf in the ass for the first time the other nightShe's got a macbook but her office gave it to herShe has a dumb phone tooIs it weird that I find buttsex gay? Its just... gross
In my experience, chicks who are "into tech" are even more fucking obnoxious than the guys. I don't care if people use apple products or not, but the second they start broadcasting the shit they do use like I fucking care, i'm out.Anybody who is overly fascinated with anything to do with themselves instantly goes on the "fucking annoying asshole" list.
i'm gay and i find buttsex to be gross
No /sqt/? Blasphemy.If you can't be bothered to:search itlurk moargit gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/small/stupid questions here, ONCE.DO NOT BUMP THE THREAD, You are NOT entitled to an answer.Please read the sticky before posting  → →Redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread, HEREUse /g/sqt as a link to find the SQT thread
I don't really know where to ask this, but how do I get the best quality out of my WebM's?I'm using webm for retards, but I never know what what number to put in the bitrate option, and either end up leaving it blank or putting a random number in.Is there even a max bitrate you can use? I want to make some dank webm's for the lads, but can never get them looking pretty enough.
Can I safely run 2 780's on an AX760? The rest of the system is a non-OC 4770K, 16GB memory, 3 drives.
What's the best format for server logging?
What do you niggers use for screenshotting? I already use Lightshot for in-browser screenshotting...but what do you use outside of that? Gyazo?
scrot
I use full page screen capture. It's an extension that lets you get the full webpage
already uses something for in-browser screenshotting
What is moot even doing these days?
Being free.
Can I force the HTML5 player in youtube without logging in?
Is the 4gb version of the Zenfone 2 worth the extra money? I know the processor doesn't matter
not have flash installed and/or disable flash on a browser with it built-in
That worked, but it's not really a good solution since there's plenty of other sites that need flash. I'm not a freetard, I just appreciate the performance boost from not using flash.
4chan extension stopped showing backlinks on Safari when I hold the phone horizontally. The update button is also gone, however everything else is still working normally. Moreover when I flip the phone to the vertical mobile view the extension works with no issues. Anyone else encountered this problem and knows how to fix it?
wheres a decent place for someone with no income to put up there portfolio/website
bump
Is it alright to flip the mother board over and rest it on the heatsinks while installing a cooler backplate?
Dear /g/,Look, it's the release date! wWOW
60 months a year, now that's revolutionary
if date[0]12 then day = date[0] duhhh
Is it time to buy AMD?Does *nix still have shit drivers for amd cards?
Wait for the benchmarksYes
lol did they check forecast for cold rainy day or something just in case you know 375W?
I thought there were only 12 months in a yearAre they going to add months to the calendar in this new era?
My PC has a VGA and a Displayport on integrated onboard graphics.it has a VGA on the discrete graphics card.the graphics card is a little more powerful than the integrated.My TV has HDMI input.What kind of adapter cable do I buy?Do I need an active adapter to go from VGA  HDMI or Displayport  HDMI?
uhh i kinda forgot the rest of the OPpost dumb questionspost snarky answerspost loliuse google faggetredirect other people to this threaddo not respond to /v/ cancer babbies that flood the board with gayman PCs, laptops, and smartphones
Why not plug the HDMI in the graphics card?  No HDMI port?  If not, I'd go display to HDMI.
Yeah, the graphics card is VGA only.That doesn't tell me whether I need an active adapter or not.
Bump
Can you poll location through the web on a phone if your website asks for permission somehow? I know HTML5 is offering location service.I have an idea I've been tossing around, and would rather make it web based for a couple reasons, mainly cross-compatibility and my hatred of Java, and the idea involves polling the user's location as a sort of check-in and giving points for staying at a certain place for a length of time. I'd like to, say, every five or ten minutes, have the site grab the GPS location from the phone whether the screen is locked in a pocket or not.
what's the right storage solution for me /g/?My 2tb HDD is almost full and I meed to buy more storage, the thing is, I don't really know what should I buy.external drivenormal hddnasbuild a RAIDI need it to store mediamusic, movies, photos, pron, etc. and  seed said stuff.ATM I have only $100 to spend.
Windows says my shit is all up to date, Windows 7 SP1, and I've got auto updates turned on, but I still don't have the little Windows 10 upgrade notification. Am I missing something or do I have to do something else?
Can I safely run 2 780's on an AX760? The rest of the system is a non-OC 4770K, 16GB memory, 3 drives.
Should be fine.
/g/sqt
Save up a bit and buy a WD 4TB drive. Manually install all the updates and reboot.
what search terms should I use to look for a monitor stand that I can change the height of the monitor easily?
How easy can an SLI bridge go bad? I unseated my video cards and SLI Bridge to access the SATA ports for installing a new hard drive. This was the only physical change to my computer.I re-seated my video cards with the bridge and now SLI is not working. It is greyed out as an option in the NVidia control panel and below says "Connect the SLI Ready Graphics Cards with an SLI Connector". Both graphics cards work fine on their own and are both recognized by my computer. I uninstalled the drivers manually and did a clean install of the drivers with no luck.My only idea is that somehow my bridge went faulty when I disconnected it but it seems highly unlikely.
being autisticway to go!
Are there any portable dual screens for laptops? I mean, I can just use a tiling window manager, but I don't feel like learning the shortcuts for i3 at the moment, but I doubt it's hard, but the configs might be difficult for me since I'm settled in with xfce comfortably right now.
Save up a bit and buy a WD 4TB drive.ok thx, for the answer, now which one should I buy? AFAIK there are many versions of WD HDDs right?
just got majorly fucked, /g/. I have a laptop with two SSDs in raid0. Is there any way I can salvage it? It seems like /boot got ruined. How can I recover my Linux system and saving my data?There was only one gloaty post about this in the archive.
Programming music, /g/?I use soma.fm but I'm bored.
Nigger music

tfw no black gf to call you massa
In all likelihood most participants on this board, to include yourself, would get walked all over by a fit black woman so grateful for clunge you'd let her cuck you with a black man just so she doesn't get bored with their tiny cock.
They really don't make farm equipment like they used to.
I listen to electronic music

based
Black Cowgirl
this.
musicforprogramming.net
, 
, 
hey /g/uysI've got a skills test for a Java programming job tomorrow, any suggestions for tests/exercises I could do today to prepare?Its a graduate job so I'm not expecting it to be too in depth but still not really sure
Do all of these. You should be fine.
some of this will be useful thanks
I read that in his voice
i know im going to be so fucked when i start interviewing for programming jobsi wish i would know what they are going to ask me so i can prepare for it. I just KNOW they are going to ask me stuff i've never done before.
Flamboyant faggot editionOld thread is as dead as AMD 
God this windows 8.1 is cancer
got sick of trying to service my seiko, it's in pieces on the table. when I wind it the pallet fork doesn't seem to stop to create a beat, into the balance wheel, all the force just goes into the gears and it winds down in an instant. why the fuck isn't the pallet fork moving /g/?The gear that the pallet fork interfaces with seems super sketchy in its installation not mine in particular - it just sort of sits there in a really big jewel as a pivot
mfw waiting for my watch in the mail
Bulova designs are getting better. Really hope they keep going down this route, as their high frequency quartz movement is really interesting.
I always wanted a 24-hour wristwatch, /g/ finally convinced me to get one.  Thanks /g/!
looks kinda like that old speedy that one anon always posts

I thought it looked vaguely familiar. Not a shape that you see everyday. Certainly more inspired than their precisionist line.

Will I look like a huge faggot with a Casio A168W-1?It will be used as a dependable alarm clock and so I don't have to pull my cheap phone out my pocket to check the time and date.
alarm on watch is a bad idea. they're not loud and if they're close to you you could very well disable it while half asleep when it goes off. also easy on a casio to accidentally disable it by pushing buttons through the day
Nah. As long as you're not trying to wear it in a business or dress environment I don't see a problem with it.
seems vaguely reminiscent of the very last accutrons such as pic related.
I think that the terrorist watch would look better.
On a watch with no complications, how can you tell if you're losing 1 second overnight or 11 hours and 59 minutes and 59 seconds?
does it matter?
Well, if you lost 11 hours, 59 and 59 seconds it would look like you gained a secondAnd if you lost 1 second it would look like you lost one second.So it's pretty easy to tell the difference.
How not loud are they?ThanksI'd rather have stainless than plastic
Yeah, they seem to be returning to more classic designs rather than just copying modern fashion watches. The Snorkel pic related is another nice example, again with a high frequency quartz movement.That's a nice accutron, by the way.
I guess you guys are right
wait 5 minutes and see if it's advanced 2 minutes or 5..tiny shitty little low powered beeper crammed into a watch and muffled by said watch
retro deliciousness with a reflector bezel, and they ruined it with the date. wtf, bulova?
The original Deep Sea model from the late 60s/early 70s had a date too, actually.
In the last thread someone mentioned short term deals on amazon. Apparently there is an upcomming deal for "Ingersoll Men's IN5101WH Sonoma Tourbillon" which is a Chinese tourbillion.Who's going to buy this and review it for us? I bought the Parnis when people wanted to hear about it -- so it's someone else's turn.
that might be the ugliest whirlwind i've ever seen
I actually would, because I need a watch with a similar look and functionality, but the Amazon reviews on Ingersoll are terrible and scared me away from them. I'll wait for something else.
at least this basic sea-gull tourbillon looks pretty good: 
pretty funny. That's the exact watch I've been looking at for days. Same website even. Saved the pics a week or so ago and have been contemplating it.
BAGELsport
Yes, and what about it?
have been contemplating it.
breguet pomme hands and it'd be even harder to resist
I finally made up my mind and ordered pic related, how bad did I fuck up? Now I have to wait a couple of weeks because it's backordered.
Should have got the parnis sterile gmt diver. Has the seagul eta2824 copy and you won't get raped by customs
how bad did I fuck up?Not at all. Watch looks great and has a nice movement. Steinhart are a solid brand.

When did watches come back in style?
Steinhart are a solid brand.okay, i'm out. see you all later, folks.
might as well go full breguet. pomme hands over the alpha? hands any day, buddy.
They're not going to be as reliable as a well established brand like Seiko for example, but you could do far worse.
What is this thing? I can tell it's a world time and all but I can't find the edition with this Deus Ex: HR ass backlight
Shit, I take it back. I didn't realize it was the price of a used motorcycle.
Does 'full breguet' include buying some crummy watch, that just happens not to be a breguet?
the ETA movement in the steinhart is as good as or better than the movement in a SARB
I should clarify, that wasn't about movements, i'm talking about quality control, customer service and things like that. Relative to price, Seiko are very good at it.ETA movements are good, of course.
Maybe the 'lightning sale' will drop it to a couple hundred.Maybe.
steinharts use ETA elaboré movements which are slightly better than Seiko 6R15s standard grade only
DW9052?, SKX007K and a blatant chinese GMT-Master homage.People that the Seiko has one of easiest to read dials but the crystal also plays a big part. G-shocks' scratched to shit plastic and chinese low tier glass are unreadable as Seiko is almost matte.
That Alpha doesn't look so bad other than the crystal. How is it? I've got one of their Explorer homages on the way.
Collection is growing, need to keep feeding the addiction.Do you miss hand winding on the 007?
still have some bagels from last nighet
Looks like the AE1200WHD with just the orange LEDs.
Here's the full setup it came with. They didnt have pepsis in stock and didnt respond if they were coming or they could swap for me so I ordered a coke which I swapped myself for their pepsi bezel. A week later they had pepsi in stock...It's solid, bracelet is good too. No obvious cons. Maybe the alpha logo could be a little better aesthetically and the "water resistant" sounds dumb. It's jet ski and swimming proof, kinda surprised that my DIY bezel swap has worked like a dream. I like it very much. Under 100 bucks, manufacturing is maybe a quarter of that at best. It makes watch autists mad as fuck but in reality it's worth the money.Still I'm never buying "cheap chinese watches" again, mainly because they start to add up real soon for big sum and have no real value. Real GMT-Master some day.Cant miss something that isnt there though handwinding is always relaxing.Hacking movement would still be nice.
Ah, do you have other watches that have it?007 seems to have a small power reserve so having the hand wind would be nice. Got used to it with the 6138.
Seems like they actually put a bit of effort into the presentation, which is nice. You really can't tell that you did a bezel swap, it looks great.And yeah, i'm in the same boat with the explorer. Alpha make the best explorer homage that is still readily available, IMO, so it is a no brainer for less than $100.I have an Orient Mako that doesn't have handwinding. Pretty easy to live with for me, but I don't keep all of my watches wound and running.
Found some cheap stuff for anyone interested.
That's 25 bucks you'll always regret spending.
I used to a no name dress watch with hand winding but I gave it to my friend last year. But the chinese GMT-Master has hand winding too.I rotate all three almost constantly so quite often either Alpha or Seiko are dead. I once read about diving watch crown gaskets disliking frequent re-adjusting, I'm sure that isnt't a problem with the robust Seiko but it gives this bad feeling every time you have to almost "crunch" the crown to the threads.Yeah that's the biggest point that I forgot, it's the only legit GMT-Master homage around in it's price range. Only other would be more expensive steinhart and they are bigger, the modern rolex size.
oh shit, i'm not buying nothing off that page. i just know there's anons with budgets around. I have a Rolex my dad gave me. I respect the Rolex and everything, but I've never been in love with the way they look.
Anons on a budget could get something of reasonable quality for price though, or at least reasonably interesting pieces for cheap, that's all I'm saying. I was about to say the stuff on there has the build quality of Fisher-Price, but FP is actually a large brand that makes decent quality toys, unlike the shit you're going to get on there.
that description
That's a nice leather strap.And no, I don't think that's SFW
And no, I don't think that's SFWok then. deleted. no fun at all. this is sfw, just not as funny
Sure, it's clearly an armband.Im not sure about you americlaps but in Europe we have these daniel wellington quatz watches which have been a big hit for few years.Swedish "artsy" sounding brand + 1$ chinese quartz movement and manufacturing + the trademark bright nato strap + endorsed by popular bloggers and vloggers = shit's gonna sell.Nato straps are pretty much played out after DW came up with those as their brand icon.Me myself have a nice daniel wellington too, I like to think it as an seiko but I guess other people know better because I get compliments for it all the time.
Looks like a rado
Where are the watches made from Russian missile launchers or of the sort. I miss those big bulbous monstrosities.
, 
Anybody else hype for the new GPUs and whatnot? I'm about to build my first gaming PC and I put it off till now thankfully. Any good estimates of the cost of the new R9 series? If the 380 or 380x are comparable in price to the 280 and 280x I'll probably be buying one of those. If not, at least the old cards will drop in price.
No offense but if you're gonna start a GPU thread at least offer something. You couldve asked this in /sqt/ because its a stupid fucking question. Its all speculation currently.
, 
so what's the verdict on this? could this be true?
Yes.
This is screaming fake so much it's almost palpable.
Just wait for the damn cards to be officially announced and you'll have your answer. Seriously what a shitty thread
This. Computex starts tomorrow and will probably be announced then.
Cheapest model at 599top kek
no 380x?
285 rebrand
pretty sure AMD said E3 at some point.
Pretty sure AMD doesn't even know themselves anymore
Cheapest model will be a cut down fiji with 4gb of HBM at 600$ and will be as fast or faster than the 650$ 980tiThe un-binned fiji-X model with 4gb of HBM has already beaten the 12gb TitanX in all benchmarks and game runs at 4K and 1600pThe most expensive model will be the unbinned Fiji-X chip with 8gb of HBM memory which will be under 900$ and even faster than the 4gb model that beat the titan in all applications that draw over 4gb the flagship enthusiast GPU from AMD will not only be the fastest card in the world it will also be cheaper than Nvidia's offerings by at least 150-200$
AMD is just rebranding970 is too expensive for me960 doesn't worth upgrading from my 760What should i do ?
Join me in sitting in a corner of solitude. guessing we will be waiting for next year for decent competitive cards at all price points
so is the 390 really not HBM?I really want to go to 1440p and freesync since there's good monitors for that out now but if the 390 isn't hbm i'll just get a 980ti and a xb270hu or somethingsorry amd but fuck man, you delayed the 300 series for so fucking long for what? one card with HBM that's $850?R9 290 maybe, it's much better than a 960 and you can get one for $240~
Computex has already started because taiwan time
so is the 390 really not HBM?No fiji gpus /w hbm are getting different brandingkind of like titan
all 300 series cards are GCN 1.3 architecture with true audio, Freesync and DX12 supporta "rebrand" is when you take the exact same card and rename it for a new generation series for example: the 280 and 280X are rebrands of the 7950 and 7970 same arch same lack of feature due to archyou need to understand what words mean kid
how much are those gonna be?
they are enthusiast grade so in the price bracket of the 980ti and titanXbinned to unbinned 4gb to 8gb they will be 600$ to 850$but they will bet faster than the Nvidia cards thats why nvidia released the titanX early and then followed up with the 980ti undercutting it because they wanted to get their money fast before everyone switched to team red at least on the top end enthusiast levelHBM is a major game changer over GDDR5 and AMD beat them to it
GCN 1.3The fuck is GCN 1.3 even supposed to be?Tonga/1.2 was just adding "delta color compression" and 4k hw video codec shit.As far as I'm concerned, scaling Tonga to 3k+ ALUs is sufficient for a 380X/390/whatever, HBM or not.I'll likely be upgrading to Pascal/490 next summer anyway, so I don't have any pretenses about the last 28nm gen lasting forever.
I have a 980 right now; i can get another of the same model for $400, only like a couple months old from a guy I knowI want to go to 1440p getting either the ROG swift or the acer xb270HUshould I grab it and sli? Or wait for the HBM AMD cards, sell my 980, and grab one of those and a freesync monitor?Although the only 1440p freesync 144hz ips that I know of just got recalled and was shit anyway and could only do 30hz-90hz with freesync that asus one
even if its just modifing the chip and the board to add a new feature set that is a major upgradeA 370X modified with a True audio controller and DX12 support and DeltaV compression is no longer a "rebrand" of the 280X which was a re-brand of the 7970 its been changedand frankly a card with the 280X's power and all that shit added on would be really awesome
normal i would shill AMD but in your case two 980's in SLI should work nicely with a 144hz 1440p monitorso i would reccomend that you get a second 980 as cheap as you can along with a G-sync monitor
pascal and 400 series will both be die shrinking but on different process nodesthe Samsung 14nm process AMD will be using is superior however so they will come out ahead on the shrinkits gonna be hilarious when the 400 series AMD gpus are cooler and more power efficient than pascal and Nvidia ends up being the house-fire meme again
Last time Nvidia made such a huge jump i.e new node and new memory it resulted in Fermi.My personal suspicion is AMD saw the way the wind was blowing way before Nvidia did and this will pay off either with Fury or more likely the 400 series.
nothing official from amd yet
that's the 380 though
the game changing shit in on their fury cards which most consumers cant affordfor the mid range people 200-500$  this 300 series wont mean much unless their refresh improves the lower tier card as wellbut artic islands is gonna be an unholy fuck you to gaming since by then HBM will have large enough yields probably use hbm gen 1 on low end card and gen2 on the top tier cards is my guess
the Samsung 14nm process AMD will be usingAbout a month ago, Samsung's SEC filing showed that they would also be making chips for NVidia. Looks like both companies are jumping ship away from TSMC.
Thank god maybe TSMC will fucking learn instead of sitting with their dick in their hand
it seems like everything good that was supposed to happen in 2015 is happening in 2016 instead
Looks like both companies are jumping ship away from TSMC.Good, they've been fucking shit for the last few years.
What is disappointing is that Fiji still probably uses TSMC instead of taking advantage of GloFo's superior 28nm process.

It begins...
R9 380 4gb $199290 rebrand for $200?Nvidia is dead.
Intel won?
380 is a 285 with double the RAM
So they kill off 4GB Hawaii entirely? Why would they do that?
Is it full DX12 support? Because my GTX 460 has DX12 support...also, adding one or two features doesn't make it new, I can't put a new radio in a car and call it a new model
because that already exists
4GB Hawaii will be 8GB Hawaii with better power efficiency in 390 and 390x. HBM Fiji cards will have another branding Fury?
It's all rumors at this point.AMD didn't release anything yet.Wait for official announcement.
why is amd waiting so long? people like me are gonna get impatient and hesitant and just get a 980 ti. It'd be one thing if from leaks we had a generally good idea of what was coming but we have no fucking clueno idea if 8gb HBM will be availabeno idea if they will have an HBM card priced to compete with a 980 ti that will outperform itno idea if amds drivers will even fucking work for the first 6 months no idea if it will fully support windows 7-10 with no major bugs for any systemand i have good reasons to doubt all of those will happen
Why would you pay the extra cost for 8GB? These cards don't really benefit from 8GB.4GB Hawaii has to find a place in the new lineup
why? just get a 4gb hawaii now. they dont need to rerelease it. it already exists
Rebrands should be cheaper than the cards they 'replace'.
true. I'd be really surprised if you couldn't get a 290x for $250 by the end of the month though
why is amd waiting so long?It is better to wait and get it right than rush a release and be slaughtered by the press and other marketing.People still think the 290x runs at 94c despite every single AIB cooler fixing this.
AMD is waiting for E3 so they can announce it along with new PC games that might actually need $600 cards.Nvidia just rushed the 980ti release to be 2 weeks before that. You can't actually buy the thing yet because no store has any in stock.no idea if 8gb HBM will be availabepcgameshardware puts 4GB model in June, 8GB Model in August
People are in for a big surprise when they find out how much heat and power the 980 ti uses.
A few years ago nobody even looked at TDPs and 250W was normal for a high end card.Why do people care now?
yeah, guru3d put the max temp under load at 84c. and as loud as the 7970. I'm gonna drop all my cash on the asus strix version as soon as it's available
Why do people care now?Nvidia shills and their markering campaigns are out in full force.
but right now theyre shitting on nvidia cards, lel
But anon, I did. A month ago. Got my 290x Tri-X on Newegg.com on sale for $260
250W TDPprobably over 300W power consumptionmaxwell very cool and efficient
It matters to nvidia shills, that's why i mentioned itthe 980 ti is a titan x, not a upgraded 980
Because jewvidya. Remember when **actual** housefires where powered by them? Shills are in such a full force now trying to make the AMD housefires meme to stick, remember some months ago when one of them made a thread about how their 290x or something burnt the mobo and was caught lying and stealing pics from a german or swedish forum where they were depicting it was actually a 670? They don't even have proof of it ever happening so they have to resort to their own hardware faults to kill competition and jack up their prices by 100% when it happens.
hitherto exclusively lurking noob here, with an only somewhat related question but you guys sound so cool talking about all these things and i have so much faith in you...i'm currently running an amd a8-6600k apu and using a sapphire amd radeon hd 7850 for graphics, and i accept that my system is shit.should i buy the sapphire r9 270x 4gb i found for £150, or is it not worth it?
cheapest is $599 around $770 in strayaWell fuck me, there goes my plan to buying "new" AMD card. I'll just get the 290x instead.
$770 in strayaWhere are you getting that price? The 980ti is $650 in the US and it $1000+ on PCCG and Mwave.
The R9 270X is basically a rebranded HD 7870 GHz edition. No, definetly not worth the upgrade for you.Also the 7850 is fine, your Problem is the CPU.
The picture was stolen from overclock.net where someone had bought a used watercooled card that had leaked onto the pcie connector and corroded it.
EVGA 980 is $499 non-OC'd, might getwould it even be possible to step up to the 980ti classified when its released?
fijinamed after some weeb volcano hotslowpower hungry should've been released a year ago Fermi #3
Wait for the lightning. They call it the classified because it's secretly shit.
MSIhell fucking noMy MSI 560ti straight up stopped putting out video after 6 months and the replacement they sent me kept blue screening.Neither of my friends who have EVGA 780ti and 980 have had any issues.
Pls be true. We need you AMD ;__;
if Sapphire hasn't released shit, then nothing's official
I'm kinda in a similar boat with my GTX 680. It's not worth upgrading if I stay on 1080p, but it'll be worth it for 4k but I just don't feel like these cards will be enough to push 4k / high-ultra / and 60 fps. I simply refuse to play with eye cancer 30 fps drop the settings When I pay 600 bucks for a fucking card, I expect it to run shit on the highest settings.
Those guys should really try to grow beards.
implying it won't be the next 8800 GTXHBM is gonna be gud
its going to be a fucking amazing card, but the 4GB meme is going to cripple sales.Its dead before it even left the womb.
The interesting news is however that in its current state – the Radeon R9 Fury X GPU does not beat the GTX 980 Ti in terms of gaming performance.Its ogre. AMD is done. Now ill just wait for the hybrid watercooled 980ti.
linking to clickbaitjust get the fuck out
good lord, those curryniggers probably just spin a wheel to make their next clickbait speculation article.they've already claimed the 390X/Fury is at least a dozen different things, and they've posted "leaked" benchmarks showing it to beat the Titan X.Just wait until reputable reviewer get a look at everything.
Check their sources"The cards also can't run in their current form, as no BIOS is present."I'll wait for the benchmarks before trusting clickbait shit.
we have received multiple reports In other words they have NO source, not even a shitty one.
They're hit and miss but they've been right about lots of things since ive been keeping tabs.If nothing else, the fact they dont have their shit together this late in the game sounds alarming.Am I supposed to buy this thing end of June and hope for a day one patch?
believing hadjitech rumors
mfw reading comments What a cancerous community.
I'm in pretty much the same situation. I plan on moving to 1440p soon might wait for the new 144hz Gsync IPS from Asus but don't know if I should get another 980 or sell it and get a 980Ti. I wouldn't be able to tolerate microstutter and I can't find any credible looking information on whether or not that's still an issue with SLI.AMD is a no go for me because I use Linux as much as I can and can't be asked to deal with their shitty drivers there. The only reason I'm waiting is to see if their cards force a bigger price drop from nVidia.
never read the comments there, it's as if /v/ and /g/ had a retarded kid
I just want to upgrade from my 280x with out buying nvidia shit
AMD's Computex conference starts at 10pm EST today, so hopefully we find out what's up then instead of relying on conflicting "leaks".
I wouldn't be able to tolerate microstutter and I can't find any credible looking information on whether or not that's still an issue with SLI.Its not an issue of SLI, its an issue of xdma. We will never get rid of it until we switch the rendering mode.Multi GPU is shit, dont do it if you have the choice.
Will it be streamed?
No, we won't get official information until 16 June.
Sorry, an issue of AFR, not xdma.
gonna need sauce for that steaming plate of bullshit
Dunno.That was the plan, but they may try to take some wind out of Nvidia's sails since they released the 980Ti
The AMD sponsored E3 event with a counter on the Website and Lisa su stating "more information in 4-5 weeks at FAD" which was ~3 weeks ago isn't enough?
I doubt it, they wouldnt waste so much money for Sponsoring that E3 event if it werent for a release.
There's 3-4 tiers of DX12 support. Nvidia's cards are only partial Dx12. All of AMD's new cards will be fully DX12 compliant with limitless bindings.
Ssshh, don't say that - it makes Nvidia fanboys on /g/ very angry.
I was about to say, I thought xdma was a proposed solution to that problem.
xdma was developed to solve the bandwidth issues caused by hardware bridges
Ah, thank you anon.
it uses the PCI bus instead of relying on a ribbon which is way more inefficient, and the reason why SLI will always suck compared to crossfire x
AMD has no full DX12 supportOnly Nvidia has full DX12 Feature Level 12_1 support, the highest feature level tierBut of course, keep lying about it, AMDPOORFAGS
Well, frametimes with CF over xdma are really better than with any other multi GPU setup, but you still get microstutter. Its inevitable.Also AMDs CF support seems to be almost non existant in the last few months.
[citation needed]
what are you talking about?  15.4 beta resolved issues and generated a XFire profile for GTA5, and the latest Beta was for TW3 and Projects CARS, both now have XFire profiles as well
Well, that's not actually true. This device: is actually built to do just that. Completely micro stutter free.Expensive as hell though, and requires special cards and hardware connectors.
2015still believing rumors from geforce forumsyou got it backwards again, nvidiafag
Also AMDs CF support seems to be almost non existant in the last few months.2 nvidia sponsored games have delayed xfire supportamd has bad xfire supporti love this memewho cares about multi-gpu hacks anyway, just get a single card for the same money you would have gotten 2 cards.
While I think you're a faggot this guy is right.As an active CF user who loves his cards, I cant recommend it. Cough up the money on a single more powerful card. Its worth it.
rumour
Yeah, it's looking like a 980Ti is in my future, unless AMD has a nuclear bomb up their sleeve that's good enough for me to deal with their horrific Linux drivers.
Still believing lies about AMD DX12 supportTOP KEK
What the hell is the difference between pro and XT? I hope it better not be the water cooling part.
still believing bullshit spouted by brandfags circlejerking on a brand's forumrejecting the fact that AMDs cards are DX12 compliant  
You don't support 12_1, you're not compliant
In project cars crossfire still scales negative. Not that this game is a good example for anything but terrible devs though. CF support is, at the moment, slower than SLI support. That has absolutely nothing to do with crossfire or gaming Setups.
a single more powerful cardWhat if it doesn't exist? Titan X and 980 Ti didn't exist when I bought 290X CF. The 980 came out but it was much, much slower. There were no options other than CF or SLI.I made the mistake of choosing CF, but it was multi-GPU either way.
pro is cut down and xt is fullmoving goalpostspathetic, if you actually read the whole article you would see that Nvidia cards aren't 12.1 compliant either
Well, AMDs open source Linux drivers are not far away, probably it'll get better with them.
So what difference does HBM make vs GDDR5? What improvements will I see?
You're wrong, Nvidia is fully 12_1 compliantBut stay mad, faggotclass="quote"12 API with Feature Level 12.1
Its not that its really better with SLI. Probably a little bit less shitty at the moment.If theres no other Option in form of a stronger single GOU card you have to go multi GPU, yeah. Just arguing that its retarded to go multi GPU instead of choosing they available stronger single GPU card.
Lower tdp, more space on top for die, smaller PCB, lower wattage, more headroom for OC'ing. And the chip won't be memory starved compared to gddr5. So really, artic islands is a smarter purchase.
nothing to do with XfireI know anon. I didnt mean to imply that it did. I only meant to show that it was possible, even though you have to use a fairly exotic set up.I dont know anon. I'm not calling anyone stupid for buying a certain card, only stating that getting the most powerful single gpu solution is the best option in terms of frame times and "feel".pcb size being smaller as a result of no ram chips taking up spacereduced heatsink complexity and improved efficency as a result of a single localized heat source.vram bus obvs. Etc.Only the 980ti and Titan X are FL1 supported. Not even that anon but saying that the company is "fully compliant" is misleading.
posts the brand new card that NOW has 12.1 complianceyou really are retarded, GCN 1.2 is fully DX12 compatible, and the arch has been out since last year, keep grasping at straws you fucking high schooler
So theoretically it should OC like a beast?
Wrong, the entire Maxwell GM20x GPU family is FL12_1 compliantThey all share the same architecture and all have the features required, ROVs and CR
Probably none really. Current graphics cards don't seem to be suffering from some terrible memory bandwidth bottleneck, not yet and not at resolutions people typically use 1080p-1440p or even lower. As GPUs get faster they will need faster memory to feed them of course and GDDR5 would start becoming an issue, but right now cards like the 980 Ti and Titan X pretty much prove that there's no pressing need for HBM. Still, it's good that manufacturers are getting on the HBM train before it becomes an issue.
GM20x family supports FL12_1, why you so stupid?GM200, GM204, GM206 fully supports FL12_1, they all share the same architectureAre you retarded or something?
inform yourself friend.
The VRAM? Yeah. The chip? Nobody knows, depends if they removed all the compute stuff and implemented better power management.With HBM you just need a smaller MC and save some power, thats it on the chip site. Massive memory bandwidth and lower latencys will also offer benefits, but that has nothing to do with how high the chip can clock.
Nvidia didn't update it for the older GPUsYou can run the query and determine it yourselfclass="quote"ROVsSupported : 1ConservativeRasterizationTier : D3D12_CONSERVATIVE_RASTERIZATION_TIER_1 1Stay MAD, AMDPOORFAGSYou don't even understand simplest thing that the entire GM20x family supports FL12_1
Theres still the power saving and better latencys...Also many HPC tasks are massively bandwidth starved.
the most powerful single gpu solution is the best option in terms of frame times and "feel".Getting a smooth and even 33.3 frame time isn't better than 16.6 with some spikes. Getting 35FPS on a single GPU isn't smoother than VSync'd or FPS locked 60FPS. If a multi-GPU setup can get 60+ FPS where single-GPU is way below you can pretty much eliminate frame time concerns by locking FPS to 60 or using VSync.No offense, but have you actually used a multi-GPU setup recently and tried to solve frame time issues or are you just talking out of reviews and graphs you've seen online?From what I've seen NVIDIA at least makes an attempt to support games when they come out. There have been games that were out for MONTHS before AMD released even preliminary CF support. Witcher 3 has been out for 2 weeks and in development for years, it's the biggest release this year apparently and AMD does not have proper CF support. It works, to a playable degree, but it has lots of clearly visible issues still.
Sure, but those won't show in game benchmarks, not really. As for HPC, are HPC cards with HBM coming out right now even?

Fake and wrong table, Kepler supports Binding Tier 2, even an AMD biased developer says it's wrong
I'm actually they put an AIO LC cooler on it.I'm not sure why people rail against them so much. It gives even the damn R9 295X ocing headroom.A forum post is not confirmation of support for an entire SDK.
class="quote"ResourceBindingTier : D3D12_RESOURCE_BINDING_TIER_2 2class="quote"ResourceBindingTier : D3D12_RESOURCE_BINDING_TIER_2 2Told you that table is wrong, but believe whatever you want, AMDPOORFAGS
No, that won't show in Benchmarks. But if Fiji is a compute monster it would be a huge win for AMD nontheless. They wouldnt have competition, eycept for KNL, until ~late 2016.We dont know if there will be HPC cards with HBM. But Fiji could be sold as JPC card later this year as soon as large enough HBM stacks become available.
Current graphics cards don't seem to be suffering from some terrible memory bandwidth bottleneckActuallyThat's most of the bottleneckMemory in current computers is awfulI wonder if HBM for APU's is going to work out.
Why shouldnt HBM for APUs work out?
if its "fake" then link the article that says this, or post the correct one faggot, otherwise you're responses paint you as a butt mad little kid getting pissed that his brand gets shit on
slower than the GTX 980TiINTO LE TRASH IT GOES
I think you need to take a look at this.
Because it would make them incredibly expensive.It might work out if they make some kind of unified memory for both CPU and GPU and just not include DDR3/4 slots.
want to finally upgrade from potato tierwould be happy with 1080p"MUH 3.5, MUH HOUSEFIRES, MUH VALUE"new cards coming out "SOON :'" just wanna play games on at 60fps without my system spewing flames
have you actually used a multi-GPU setupI'd say I have.
Table is WRONG period, it says Tier 1 but when you actually query the hardware, it's Tier 2 for Kepler & Maxwell 1But believe whatever lies you want to believe, that table is WRONG and thats it
That's most of the bottleneckThat doesn't seem to be supported by practical evidence. 256b 970s and 980s perform just as well if not better than 512b 290X's. 384b Titan X's and 980 Ti's completely slaughter 290X's simply because of the much, much faster GPU despite the lower memory bandwidth. OCing GPU memory hardly has any impact at all on FPS in games, where increasing core clock does. Caching goes a long way.
[citation needed]
It should be cheaper than Intels ESRAM L4$. If you can sell the product has middle/high end class the additional cost for HBM and Interposer shouldnt be a Problem. Also the 512/1024b MC youd need for the HBM is ridiculously small.
shows actual fucking SDK from the developersLEL NO ITS WRONG AMDPOORFAG HOUSEFIRE 970 IS A GOOD CARD
So then, you're saying that games where you'd get a solid 70+ FPS aren't buttery smooth if you lock them to 60, or at least much better?
waaaaahhhhhh!!!!its wrong because I say it is!!!!! I have nothing to back up my claims but their wrong!!1!!1!since your English is shit I assume its your second language and you probably look like pic related you fucking babby
No man, I think you misunderstood me. Games capped at 60 feel great, but still not as good as a single card.That's all I was trying to say.
Hawaiis 512b MC is clocked way lower than Maxwellsor Keplers 256/386b MCs.Together with DCC GM 204 has about the same effektive bandwidth for gaming as Hawaii, GM 200 even more.
I already shown the table is wrong,Not my problem you AMDPOORFAGS are not educated enough and don't know how to read at all and understand simple English
dude, post a reputable source. you haven't shown anything as being wrong, you're simpyl claiming the table is wrongsupport your argument with facts or shut up
where did you show the table was wrong?  oh that's right, you didn't, were just supposed to believe the bullshit FUD you're trying to spread
Are you talking about the right table? I linked directly to the Microsoft SDK. Which is not wrong. How much did they pay you to take a Rosettastone English course and shitpost here?
But it's better than a single card at 35FPS or 40FPS. That's my point.It's not as good as a single card at 60, but if that 'single card' is a mythical beast that does not exist you don't have any better options.290X memory easily goes over 6GHz. As a 290X CF owner I can tell you that OCing memory from 5GHz to 6.2GHz doesn't do shit to in-game performance. You can measure it if you really want to, but you sure as fuck won't actually notice. Meanwhile throwing another 100-300MHz on the GPU is much more noticeable.
you should get your money back for your shitty English lessons
 table is WRONGWhen will dumb fags even learn?
Like I said, I agree. What I said was "I'm not calling anyone stupid for buying a certain card, only stating that getting the most powerful single gpu solution is the best option in terms of frame times and "feel"."I didnt mention frame rates and assumed it was 60
Maxwell GM20x GPU is the most advanced and compliant DX12 GPU with Feature Level 12_1 supportAnything else does not support FL12_1, period
I know that Hawaiis memory can be OCd fairly well unless you got shitty elpida memory, but that wasn't my point. I just pointed out that Maxwell doesn't come with less effective bandwidth.
Yeah if it's 60 it's pretty shit. I hope nobody buys multi-GPU setups to play 60.
kek, post link since you insist this is the truth
The Nvidia damage control has gotten out of hand recently.Then again the nvidia fans think the 980ti was released out of the goodness of nvidia's heart rather than the fact nvidia are worried about losing the performance crown being able to say you are the fastest is a powerful marketing tool.See also: AMD claiming the 295x2 is the fastest card on the planet. This isn't a false claim either but does overlook the dual gpu nature of it.
That's fine, but my point is that current cards, both Maxwell and Hawaii do not show signs of being heavily bottlenecked by memory bandwidth.I mean, I increase b/w by over 20% and shit all happens, clearly the GPU isn't starving for that shit.
It also overlooks the fact that this year they had proper CF support on release for like 2 games Hardline and GTA V.
Nice backpeddling. How's that google translated English workin out for ya?You're trying so hard lol. Its pretty impressive. I understand though, just trying not to loose your job. yea. agreed.What's happened? I used to enjoy the friendly amd/nvidia shitposting and even participated. But this shit is another level.
 was already posted, this was queried straight from Kepler and Maxwell1 card with the Win10 driversKepler and Maxwell1 supports Resource Binding Tier 2 yet the table says Tier 1, which is WRONG and clearly fakeNot my fault a moron like you can't understand simple English
Thats, to a certain degree, also caused by the bandwidth these GPUs are designed around. Just look at maxwell v2 for example. Fuck huge L2$ to hide latencys. With a higher bandwidth memory system you can spare some serious die area here.We Start to hit the limits of GDDR5, more effective bandwidth than with GM200 you simply cant  squeeze it out with reasonable expense.
What's happened?Well it has been slowly escaliting with the 290x slowly gaining on a 980 in recent drivers, but the real catalyst is AMD saying the MOTHERFUCKING FURY is aimed at being a premium brand like the titan series.Nvidia fans really, really have been getting salty over the whole 3.5 thing and the fact the 980 is generally seen as overpriced. Now nvidia has just pissed off all the titan x owners with the 980ti and the performance crown in geopardy the fanboys are starting shitpost as quite a few reasons to say "muh nvidia" are being eroded.
The table we were talking about was this one: that shit you keep pointing too. Why are you trying so hard to ignore this?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. With current GPUs it's not really an issue obviously, the GPUs were designed to work with GDDR5, but it will become one in the future, so it's great that we're moving to HBM before it's a significant bottleneck.
Can wait to see the shit storm that brews once the original shitwrecker finishes working on Zen.Gonna be fun times.
Why are you trying so hard to ignore this?Whats that for a question? Did you expect reason from someone using terms like amdpoorfags?Seriously, you should get insta-banned for amdpoorfags, nvidiots and anything like that.

-R9 380 4gb $199-R9 390 8gb $299I would be very okay with this. Thought about buying a r9 290, but if these prices are true, i would buy one of those.
trying to shill novidya so hard
I'm normally an amd shill as well but I dont really see a problem with that suggestion.Its bad performance/$ but if he has the money it's his choice.
if the 380X is going to be $250, I might just have to buy one
I guess it's not gonna happen but I'd like it if AMD released a GPU more powerful than the Titan X at a lower price. If only because I feel bad for them and would like seeing them get good press.
If a mere 285 is going to be the new 380, I'm gonna be mad. Fuck that.
it will be a more efficient 285 with 4GB of VRAM, it will perform better than the 285, what I'm wondering is how big will the shader count be on the 380X and if they'll offer more than 4GB VRAM on it, if it does and it like oc'ing, it will be a monster and destroy the 970
I just wanna shake this mans hand, look him in the eye and ask him what it means to be a god.
When are the 300x series coming out?
2048
I hope he wrecks all the shit. Only halfway there to 2016.
Possibly later this month, we'll have to wait for AMD's E3 conference to be sure.
Well, only a god can kill a Titan

herro we have new glaffic cald soon, prease wait tir we show dem befow shitpost and guessingxie xie
ah yers, grad to see yrou truday
Since /g/ hates Samsung with a passion will they turn their back against AMD as well if Samsung ends up buying them?
If Samsung buys AMD I'll consider it AMD selling out.I've supported AMD for so long having them get purchased by Samsung would just be a slap in the face.
If Samsung buys AMD I'll consider it AMD selling out.Are you stupid?
that's a pretty big jump, if they pair it with 4GB it will crush the 970
But Samsung are the good guys. They are the only company who has the resources to fight against Apple and their disgusting Apple-ification propaganda.
Yes.
They're fab partners... What the fuck are you on about?
Doesn't matter. My 660 ti still works.
Nice blog post.
4chan is full of shit posts so who cares if I blog.
class="quote"This slide originates from a Brazilian forum and it's wrong on several quite important counts, for example: none of GCN chips support rasterizer ordered views, conservative rasterization, or tiled resources tier 3 ie. "volume tiled resources" with Texture3D support, as shown by the D3D12 feature checking tool. GCN 1.1/1.2 cards support tiled resourced tier 2 with Texture2D support and feature level 12_0, GCN 1.0 "only" supports tiled resources tier 1 and feature level 11_1. Double precision floats are supported across the entire GCN range.Kepler and Maxwell-1 do support resource binding tier 2, and do not support typed UAV load for additional texture formats - this leaves them at feature level 11_0. Maxwell-2 is currently the only card which supports feature level 12_1.AMDPOORFAGS here believe HUEHUEHUE lies
nvidiashills reposting nvidiashillsFuck off.
source some HUEHUEfag forumwhich in turn points to some Hungarian forumYeah that's not a fucking source you imbecile.
Went dual 7950s one time, it was fucking awful.I'm so glad I managed to profit by selling my cards on fleabay when buttcoins were popularGlad I have my Titan X now.AMD never again

Yikes that is....incredibly racist. Could you delete this post?
Stop posting that clickbait currynigger site.
have the only pic on the gpudon't  give a fuck about the the confidentiality/embargo/delaysclickbait currynigger site
upvoted
Are you a fucking retard? That picture is two weeks old, a Dev over at DICE posted it on his twitter.
No, the already stated 4gb hbm, and they showed what it looks like which is not OPs pic.
sauce pls
pic of the card = pic of the chip with the pcb0/10
Well, Sapphire is the one manufacturing all amd reference shit, so yeah, if there was a real leak it wouldn't come from Asus or Currynigger leak sites...
speaking of amd gpus, should i buy a 290x now before the 390 comes out? will it go up or down in price?
Just wait, perhaps the 390x will be like the 290x of the lineup, a really beefy Tonga, with 8gb of GDDR5, and 380 a 290 rebrand, but we just can't fucking know before AMD actuall SAYS ANYTHING...JUST FUCKING WAIT PEOPLE
i have a full build MINUS GPU ready to go. im so close to just buying a 290x... fuck this shit why are gaymd so fucking slow I hope nvidia shits on them at this point
why are amd so slowOh geez, it's not like when they released the whole 200 series it was regarded as a housefire that needs a nuclear reactor, while still wrecking shit TWO FUCKING YEARS LATER, with their 295x2 still being the strongest card on the GPU market, and giving in to the 900 series even more marketshare, i'd rather them take their time to perfect it, and release a banger that will make all the 980's go to ebay and get amd back massive markeshare, than force it out, have shit marketing, and bleed money.And let's face it, I have a 290x, and most of the time i just browse reddit, watch youtube and netflix and play games maybe one hour a day or some shit, and you can do that on your IGP
it isn't really as the older 280x had the same,however with tonga architecture it will actually perform way more that the numbers say.I highly doubt you'll see 4GB 380x, 2GB definitely,seeing from pass release of hawaii pro to hawaii Xt 290x the RAM spec didn't change at all.
also  with the 280 and 280x,same vram spec
Counting down,Will this be a presentation of the long-rumored Fiji?Or will it be just a shitshow of APUs and product rehashes?Find out at 02:00UTC,T-minus 2 hours starts now!
Are they actually going to show the Fiji today? I thought they were skipping Computex in favor of E3.
Stream link?If there is one anyway
Who the fuck told you that? /v/?AMD is holding a big event for PC gaming this year at E3, but E3 is by no means a technology trade show, its utter faggotry and advertising.
They're not skipping Computex, but they'll probably show off the Fury at E3. But there's no reason to think that they won't show it off at Computex either.Could be there are Fury variants and they will unveil the main one at Computex, and the variants to come later will be shown at E3. Hell, could be they just show them all off at both. It's anyone's guess at this point, but I don't see why they'd pass on Computex now of all times after Nvidia released the GTX 980ti. They need to fucking announce this already because I'm sure a lot of people are feeling tempted at the moment to just buy the 980ti.
I meant the Fiji annoucement, not AMD's conference in general.
"Behind closed doors at Computex the editorial board have had the opportunity to get a closer look at the circuit board for the upcoming flagship.""Bakom lyckta dörrar på Computex har redaktionen också fått möjligheten att titta närmare på kretskortet för det annalkande flaggskeppet."will show off Fury at Computex, but it will neither be a paper launch or a hard launch. That's my guess.
I meant the Fiji annoucement, not AMD's conference in general.And they understood that clearlyI really doubt that they won't show anything today. Everyone waited for computex in order to see what AMD were going to show, this seems like the best moment to do it. At E3, everyone will be talking about games primarly. i mean there's so much that is going to be announced Fallout 4, Zelda that it would be stupid to announce a graphic card over there, all the attention will be focused on games.
E3 is targeted at console gamers. 90% of the people at E3 won't give a shit about a GPU launch or even know what the fuck a GPU is.
Found the stream!.
What's the sources for this article anyway? I do remember hearing about this a couple weeks ago, but it just sounded like the usual rumormill clickbait shit that when one site makes shit up from their "sources" the other sites just parrot it. There's too many god damn rumors.It's also possible that since at the time they thought 390X was the Fury, they could be under the impression that they were one in the same at that time, and in reality AMD is going to announce Fury but stay silent on the 300 series until E3 which will be a wider audience and undoubtedly provide much wider margins since it is based off of Hawaii.
But will they show AMD?
They'll show nothing but a static screen apparently.

If OP is right. Then about half an hour AMD will come on.
Yeah noticed that: "14:00 - 17:15"We'll have to wait 5 more hours or find another live
minutes!
amdwho care
non-shillsnow fuck off, jewviduser
Just imagine AMD trying to sell a $850 GPU to people who think $400 is an extravagant amount to spend on hardware.
just updated their site hinting at june 16th. Computex Hype dead..
AMD, Intel and IBM are in Israel. Nvidia don't.
Fiji will be the next Piledriver
Why must they make us wait even longer?
nvidia are evilamd are incompetent
Nvidia don't in Israel?
they don't
Nvidia don't like Israel and the GOP
The hype and overall lack of transparency is definitely similar.Personally, I hope AMD has something special on their hands even though I have no intentions of buying one of their cards. I'm stuck on nVidia because AMD can't into Linux, but more competition is always a good thing for consumers.
lol.
what?
have fun trying to pass that nvidia card to a VM...
That's not something relevant to me. My VM usage is limited to checking out different distros/OSes every so often. I've been super happy with the past 3 nVidia cards I've owned.
which is why AMD is making the PC gaming panel at E3 and giving PC gaming a focus there...
Holy fuck this is going to be a massive fuck up for them
Is it over?
Its here guyz, the super duper APU that everyone was waiting for...
At least it is not a laggy VLC video.
DIRECTX®12 AND MANTLE EXPLICIT MULTIADAPTER APU + dGPUMight be interesting.
Was the event just Carrizo stuff?
Whelp, it's official.
. . .Every single person in charge of AMD Marketing/PR needs to be fired. The way they are going about things now just sacrifices marketshare to nvidia without care. Regardless of how good Shitwrecker's new Zen arch is, and how good Arctic Islands will be, they will get nowhere with their overly delayed, radio silence, and cringe-worthy The Fixer marketing strategies.
june 16
nvidia are evilamd are incompetent
tfw that is my birthday
I don't think so zen and hbm aren't even here yet
Well guess that means 980ti's are going to sell ridiculously well over the next two weeks.
:3
have to wait 2 more weeks REEEEEEEEEEEEE
fuck me..
early happy birthday anon :^3
the super duper APU that everyone was waiting forThis is not the APU we want
AMD in charge of being competent
You know what? Fuck them. I'm tired of waiting on their shit. They have given me zero indication that they can competently do anything at this point Nvidia basically gift wrapped a lot of pissed of customers with the 970 fiasco and the meh Titan X value and they have been able to do nothing with that. And for whatever reason they won't say a fucking word about what they have. At this point I'm pretty sure the silence is indicative that it's nothing special.
Watch AMD pull the even more stupid move of making the E3 event a paper launch and not have the cards available until weeks or months afterward.
Fuckwit is this upset about waiting a week
amd new apu can beat the new intel 5xxx iris gpu?
Pretty much this. AMD is fucking up here. A LOT of people bought 970/980s before TW3 released because they were tired of waiting for AMD's new shit. This silence is giving Nvidia a few more weeks minimum of being the "winner" when people are as primed as ever to buy a GPU. If they don't have something absolutely incredible up their sleeve, they're fucked until next gen and by then HBM Nvidia cards will be out.
implying they'll have anything to buy in two weeksimplying AMD has done nothing but miss deadlines remember the shareholder presentation claiming new GPUs in Q2 2015? Yeah, that didn't happenEnjoy your disappointment when they say they'll be shipping end of August
I don't think that benchmark is a benchmark of what you think it is a benchmark of.
implying AMD as done anything but*
If the new cards are out buy the end of the month that's still q2.
At this point that's a big "if". There's been no leaks from any major retailer giving any indication that they know of anything coming. That doesn't mean there isn't but it makes it less likely.

class="quote"Lisa shows off #Fiji chip @AMDRadeon at ComputexYea, it's happening baby
but I see NOTHING in the picture
was set set to unveil its new Radeon card this morning at #computex2015, but literally at the 11th hour its launch got pushed to E3.
To be fair, AMD's APUs could have a superior GPU and it still wouldn't matter since it's being bottlenecked, due to how ridiculously underpowered the CPU is, compared to their intel counterparts.
Mobile Carrizo would be really close if not outright faster.

No it won't nigga. That's a 65W part with over half the die dedicated to GPU and loaded up with a massive eDRAM component on package
dat paper launchWhere is the rest of the pcb?...they aren't ready?
no streamno stream
hurp durpKaveri has 8CU, heavily bottlenecked by the system memory. Carrizo has delta color compression, newer IGP arch, and higher clocks.
Rumormill is suggesting that their software isn't ready to take proper advantage of HBM and that currently Fiji is at or below the 980ti.Seems plausible imo.
Wheres the stream?
rumor mill is all we'll get for the next 2 fucking weeks..thanks AMD
Just keep waiting, it'll come soon-AMD's company slogan
IT'S HAPPENINGsorta
I really don't like to admit currytech seems to be right, but it seems like they are this time. If AMD doesn't get this shit up to snuff for release, I don't know what to do.I don't want to support Nvidia because they're fucking kikes and use that gayworks shit, but I don't want to wait for AMD to deliver for another 6 god damn months minimum with Arctic Islands when they have the necessary experience with HBM. We need more players in the high-end/enthusiast GPU market.
was supposed to launch todayapparently told reporters they were going to announce it todaypulled announcement at the last minute and pushed it two weeksThis....this doesn't look good
Wow, more in 10 months, what a fucking disappointment...
Question from someone who's not too cluey when it comes to the software side of computing but would always love to know more.CurryTech mentioned that the Fury X wasn't quite ready saying the drivers weren't ready yet and somewhere else mentioned something about not even having a BIOS yet hence the delay till E3.What exactly preferably in-depth would be needed from the drivers to put it ahead of the Titan X. Assuming that it's got the compute power from the supposed 4000+ SP's? Explaining anything related would be great, if my question is even understandable that is...
The 7750 with DDR3 trades blows with the GT640. It's significantly slower than the GDDR5 version in most games. According to AMD DCC will only boost performance about 5-7%. Carrizo is still massively starved for bandwidth.
I don't think I can wait until the 16th month of this year.
I'm fucking tired of AMDead leaks and bullshit marketing. What a fucking shame.
Smells like bullshit. Rumor for over a month was that they would launch at their E3 event.
No streamNo actual gpu just a render
See
That's AMD's story of the past 10 years.
while the 970 sell like hot cakes, AMD sleep.
AMD is unleashing the fury of 390 cock hungry whores at Computex this year. This special invite only event will leave no cocks unmilked. Nvidia is truly finished. Better sell your Nvidia shares now while you still can.
Realistically their problem is the 980Ti. As long as it's not a 970-style VRAM clusterfuck there's becoming less and less of a reason to wait for AMD.
for Chineconreview... Sounds reliable.
who's that kike and why is he the only one making those claims?
5GB VRAM
More reliable than "the rumormill" that you've cited
This retard's just making shit up based on MUH FEELS
pls stop your meme
The 7750 with DDR3 trades blows with the GT640. It's significantly slower than the GDDR5 version in most gamesNo fucking kidding?Kaveri's IGP is roughly on par with the DDR3 variant of the 7750. I posted the pic because it shows what a difference simply providing adequate memory bandwidth can make.Delta color compression makes a massive impact on effective bandwidth, you're misunderstanding the qualifying statement in that slide.Benches have already leaked showing an FX 8800P out performing the A10 7850K in IGP performance.
he think the high-end cards are what sells.newsflashthe 200$ cards sell the most.
5GB GDDR5 + 1GB IT'S OVERNVIDIA IS FINISHED
AMD isn't releasing anything new in the $200 range. That's all rebrands. The only thing that's new is the Fiji card and there's no way that's down in the $200-$300 range.
but what about? 
AMD isn't releasing anything new in the $200 range. That's all rebrands[citation needed]oh wait only rumors
[Citation Needed]
amd = incompetentnvidia = evils
But a 285 with 4gb of gddr5 for 200 usd would be great
intel = kikes
Yeah, they will NOT rebrand the 7000 series any more, 290x being the 380x and a beefed up 285512 bit bus, 8gb, more sp, clocks and stuff, after all, it's newer tech than 290x being the 390x, seems quite plausible.
a 285 with 2048 shader cores and 6GB GDDR5 GCN1.3 with Delta CC would be better
ARM = gods
Why's this nigger talking like this shit is a fact?Way I see it, the 300 series being rebrands means higher profit margins for AMD. It's not like they're straight rebrands or anything, realistically they'll probably end up surpassing all but the 980ti and Titan X since the 290X is already close to the 980 as is.Most people buying cards don't give a shit about 1440p or 4k YET. I mean, just look at all the nigs who bought a 970 crying it's g-great for 1080p!4K isn't going to be on their minds for a while now. For most people even the 980ti is too expensive at that.
what are you talking about, the 370/X is going to be pitcairn again
I think that 512 bit bus can't have 6gb
power8 = trap
Slide from AMD shows 35W FX8800p's 3dmark 11 score is around 2700.down you can see the 7850k scored about 2400 on the 3dmark 11 test. It's about 14.5% better in a synthetic benchmark that takes into account bandwidth.Shows the new Iris 6200 is up to 50% better than the 7850k. Not sure why you're saying it will be as good or better here: Also, I'm not underestimating anything. AMD has said themselves the performance boost will only be 5-7% in games. The memory bandwidth increase is good but it's still not enough evidently since the GDDR5 7750 still outperforms its DDR3 counterpart by over 100% in some of the tests you posted.
Source?
it's funny how 4k is being advertised while we haven't even made the jump to 1440p yetit's fucking stupid
but's probably not going to be 512, more than likely 256, maybe 384anyways, I think you're thinking of Hawaii
Lol, ok champ.
every rumor being spewed, but what other chip are they going to use if Tonga is going to be 380/X?
faulty Tonga's
you can't cut it smaller than 1790 whatever cores it had and have it called Tonga
My overclocked 290 actually does pretty darn well at 1440 now. Hell, I can even run Crysis 3 at a respectable average 40fps at max settings, long as I don't overdo the antialiasing. Granted, I do occasionally dip down to the lower 20's, but it's still impressive at 2k, and I'm not even clocked to match a 290x.
Sure they canJust remove 1/8 of the memory
This is how i speculate it being:370-a 285 rebrand380/x-a 290x rebrand390/x- a full fledged tonga8g, 512bit bus etcIt just makes sense to me, the full fledged tonga would be close quarters to the 980, and the 290x is already very capable of handling the 970.
but then it'd be a 970
nah290 = 390 oc 290x = 390x oc 8gb
no, Tonga XT was just over 2000 shader cores while Hawaii is over 2800 shaders, Tonga is going to be the next 380 series to replace Tahiti, which is what the 285 was made for, testing to see what it could do when it was gimped compared to Tahiti, but it will not be the new chip everyone is talking about, the max bus size I could see them using with it is 384, no bigger
still too stupid to understand a qualifying statementnot understanding how synthetic benches workOkay, just fuck off back to /v/ and stay there forever. We can look at Tonga and see exactly what sort of impact color compression has.
Well, your speculations are based on nothing, just like mine, but your version leaves a gap in the lineup.
gap in the lineupwhere exactly?
Yeah, they still have a bit of life in them. Beating Nvidia in the 200~ range is going to make them money. The only thing that's going to dampen their sales is Nvidia marketing/brainwashing and price drops.I dislike rebrands as much as the next guy but AMD being so fucked in their profits pretty much means this is their only option especially if they can't get their shit together with the Fury.
So should I just go and buy the 980 Ti while I still have some of my minimum wage left?
Well, as i propose, a completely new card based on the Tonga archwhich is newer than the 290, btw, so it makes sense, with 8 gigs of GDDR5 512bits, to handle the 980 and the 970TIif it's coming, while the Fury is Titan X and 980ti.
Samsung needs to buy AMD asap because they are just so hilariously incompetent.
I would love it if they throught that way, but unfortunately this is AMD, I was hoping they would do Tonga closer to 2500 shader w/6GB @384-bit cores for the 380X and the 2048 cores 4GB @256-bit for the 380
what is this shit
Because as it is, the 290x just can't beat the 980, even if massively OC'd, and a 400-500 card would slot in just right, 370 $150-$200285 rebrand380 $250-300290 rebrand390 $400-500souped up 285
its speculation
If samsung bought AMD that would probably be the end of my support for them.
minimum wage$650 graphics cardLol live with your parents still i see
Yeah, but that leaves the 290x in sort of a weird spot, if it indeed is the 390x, because it wouldn't be much faster, and the top consumer/value card wouldn't beat the 980, like it did with 290x and 780.
welp, I'm no nvidiafag, but don't get your hopes up about this generation
if it's true: AMDone
Well, they don't have to do much really, the 200 series showed that AMD can still pump out new GPU's so they really would need 2 new GPU's, the Fiji XT and the 390 i propose.
It's not.
Even if they make actual competitive cards?
So people are putting estimated die size at over 600mm^2, up to 700.It's fucking massive. Literally gigantic. Hawaii is only 438mm^2 by comparison.
AMD already makes competitive cards.
Sure, in the lower end segment. GTX 970 and above, AMD is not competitive there.
With samsung they could make sub-par cards and sell more than Gforce, all that marketing ca$h
no physxno gameworksno vendor locked featurescompetitiveLol ok. Let the goons give mouth service about MUH OPEN SOURCE, meanwhile AMD's market share continues its year long shrink to 22%.
290x is already better than the 970 and by the time Vulcan and DX12 go mainstream it will definitely show even more.
290x is already better than the 970This meme needs to stop.
Oh yeah, the 2 year old card that beat the best Nvidia had to offer back then, and is actually competitive with a 980 at 4k...?Retard, ATI always made competitive cards, sometimes even ahead of Nvidia, similar now, the 290 is just an old card, and that's why it's beat by the 980, just like the 780 beat the 7970 etc.Also, the currently most powerful card is made by AMD, and just so you can't post the crossfire bullshit, here's that image that's being passed around here ;
970 only wins in Gameworks optimized titles which account for less than 1% of PC games. In every other vendor neutral game and application the 290x performs on par and in most cases faster than the 970.
But it is... At the 300$ you can get it, it's a beast.And also with AMD you aren't going to live through planned deprecation with GameworksTM titles and drivers, like the 780's have already succumbed to.
How much did AMD pay you to shill their cards?
AMD makes 512-bit 300W GPUs that compete against 256-bit 180W GPUs that much cost less to produce. They barely make money on the two Hawaii GPUs.That's not really competing... that's just bleeding.
FUCKING AMD MAN, WHY CAN'T THEY MAN THE FUCK UP AND PRESENT THIS SHIT WITH NVIDIA INSTEAD OF BEING LITTLE PUSSIES ABOUT IT!? I HAVE TO WAIT TWO FUCKING WEEKS FOR THIS SHIT! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!
They gave me a amazing card that rips 2 years later.
Are you high?
Nvidia can't into GPU design, why do people buy their GPUs again?
Is there a stream? Would appreciate a link
Marketing and anti-competitive practices.
AMD makes 512-bit 300W GPUs that compete against 256-bit 180W GPUsAMD's card was released like two years prior to the nvidia card. Also the bus width tells you the bandwidth but it's not the most important spec the clock rate on nvidia's card is likely clocked up and the memory controller could be better too. These things will likely be addressed with fiji.
The partner did hint at the performance. Apparently the Radeon Fury X ought to be slower than the GeForce GTX 980 Ti. Currently, AMD is still trying to optimize higher clock rates and is making adjustments to the driver's performance. Performance related to power consumption is therefore likely to be a critical issue for "Fiji".They should not write that.
it was sarcasm
Why didnt they launch the non-hbm lineup today?I dont get it.Fair enough if the flagship cards are still getting calibrated, you have to cut your losses and start fighting on the lower end.Id consider buying a 390x if it was $300 and fit between 980-980ti in performance. But no, we have to sit here and wait for their stupid PC gaming conference.

Announcements wouldn't bring the actual release closer...Also no way AMD is going to go the cheap route again, the 980's sell, and they could price it a bit lower, and cash in.
Where's my summary? I am a man of note who doesnt have time to wade through this drivel
The chip and the card aren't the same thing, fuck AMD. Just bullshit and "release" early
AMD is making a thing; they haven't told us about it yet so we jerk off while linking obscure tech sites with unsubstantiated rumours.welcome to the last 3 months.
b-b-but I was told that AMD would announce something concrete today
you were lied to, nigga
Either E3 is going to be the biggest thing for AMD ever, or they're going to have more egg on their faces than anyone in the semiconductor industry ever has.Either way it'll probably be hilarious.
it's either going to be an FX release the first one, or an FX release the second oneAMD is the Chrysler of the semiconductor industry, wildly inconsistent in everything it does.here's hoping they pull a K platform out of their ass. they don't need an intel flagship killer, they need something to feed the masses that's better than intel's offerings to them.
Tonga only has 4x 64-bit memory controllers:
Zen is next year, this E3 will have the new GPU line
Because they're desperately flopping around trying to clock it high enough to beat 980ti.Sad, but not a surprise.
AMD is fucking retarded for sticking so long with GCN. They bet everything on GCN being in consoles giving advantage in PC games and Mantle becoming popular. Neither of those materialized and NVIDIA pulled ahead with Maxwell.
you misunderstand. I'm comparing the success/failure of these launches to AMDs general performance.They could be releasing a pair of speakers, it could still be either an FX release first, excellent and wildly successful, or an FX release second, garbage and cause them to lose more of their dwindling marketsharemind you zen will be pretty much the same I think.
Tech illiterate /v/ermin belong in their containment board.The GCN arch is solid. So much so that they only revisions they've had to make to the arch have been to the front end and the ROPs, nothing to the arrangement of the stream processors themselves. No added registers, no cache rework, nothing.The only difference between Southern Islands and Maxwell, is that Maxwell has a more aggressive implementation of power gating. Individual shaders in Nvidia's latest GPUs can throttle all the way off, and clock up only when they're needed which saves net power in gaming workloads. When it comes to sustained compute workloads Maxwell has no real perf/watt advantage. Where Nvidia succeeds is in their superior memory substructure, and thats it.No run back to your containment board.
There's nothing wrong with GCN, nvidia themselves use an architecture similar to it and have for like 6 generations now. It's not even the same GCN that AMD launched years ago it's been receiving improvements with nearly every new generation of GPUs. The main issue is AMD is running on fumes and they keep cutting their engineering staff.
are the common criticisms against Hawaii's cache design ill founded then?I've never seen a serious rebuttal to the accusation that 1MB L2$ wasn't enough.also, in what way exactly is nvidia's memory system superior aside from perhaps the buffer compression stuff they've had for a while?
Its really funny because Nvidia's GPU arch will become ever more like GCN as time goes on.Kepler was 192 shaders per SM or SMM or whatever the fuck Nvidia calls itMaxwell dropped down to 128GCN has 64 shaders per CU, which is why shader utilization is so high in compute workloads. 4X16 SIMD lanes per addressable CU means that more lanes are actually doing work at any given time in a static heavy workload.What common criticisms?Cache designs aren't as simple as more is better. The larger a cache is, the greater its latency. Everything in complex IC design is a balancing act. 1mb of L2 isn't necessarily bad or good, it entirely depends on what its associated with, and level of associativity.What Nvidia does really well is how they utilize their swap space, and L1. Cache policy on a GPU is as low level as it gets, if you wanted to understand more you'd have to read through the programming guidelines from AMD/Nvidia for each GPU line.The end results of each however can be seen reflected in CLBench scores. When it comes to pure throughput tests you'll see GCN pull ahead. If the test requires swapping a lot of data in and out of memory then Kepler and Maxwell will perform better than GCN.
Nvidia actually tried to go the opposite route before, though there are hundreds of minor things being overlooked with such generalizations. Fermi was 32 shaders per unit if I recall. They couldn't figure out how to manage it and thus the GTX Housefires meme was born.They abandoned it entirely, as it was a tremendous fuck up, and began the transition to Kepler. Now they're trying to figure out how to work their way back down to increase compute performance.All this FP16 and FP8 nonsense they're pulling doesn't look good however.
The point is that the 2-year old GPUs are much more expensive to make than their competitors, and they have to undercut them as well due to low brand value.Fiji won't fix how fucked up their mid-range stack is. AMD is having sell high-end GPUs at mid-range prices and that's hurting them.
GG AMD, IT WAS FUCKING NOTHING_NOTHING_buying nvidia as of now, amd failed
Shill pls. Nobody who was ever seriously considering buying AMD's card would drop $650 because they don't want to wait two weeks. That's just going to be the excuse of Nvidiots who want to appear "unbiased" and say they waited for AMD's card as long as they could.
So ethically, what am I losing by using Windows and iOS, freetards? You keep saying, "It doesn't respect your freedoms!" What exactly do you mean by this?
They're closed source, but more importantly, they're copyrighted.I wouldn't lose any sleep over it if I were you. I'm a big fan of free software, and use it wherever possible. But that shit honestly isn't worth flipping your life upside down over.
They're closed source, but more importantly, they're copyrighted.I read books that are copyrighted. What's the difference and why should I care?
You loose the respect of /g/ which is the only respect that matters.
Ethically speaking windows is the binary jew and linux is our savior
You loose the respect of /g/ which is the only respect that matters.lolBeing a shithead antisemite isn't going to make anyone believe your bullshit philosophy, faggot.
So true
ethicallyarticle mentions several of the practices that share certain companies producing products related to IT. including some related to the production of sotware in linux, so you really should be aware if you want to avoid them: Practically linux+GNU has different variations to match the needs of the user. If you need actualized software in a windows98 pc, you have puppy. If you want a PC that a little kid or an elder can use, you have fedora + soas. And things like that.
There is no difference. You can extend the goals of the FSF to other realms.Do you think it's a crime to disassemble your car and make changes? What about your software? What if you were physically unable to disassemble your car? That's one of the basic ideas that drives free software: that the end user should be free to inspect, modify, and redistribute the code as they please.In many cases, this is a really awesome idea. You can kind of think of it like how scientists build on each others research to make new discoveries. It would be great if the whole world could work like that.In a lot of cases though, it's not worth losing sleep over.
That's one of the basic ideas that drives free software: that the end user should be free to inspect, modify, and redistribute the code as they please.I have no desire to do any of this. I want my OS and apps to work perfectly. I can work on my own stuff.
Do you believe that the computer you own should obey your commands and not somebody else? Well it is practically impossible to control your own computer whenever you install and use software that you are not allowed to control. Your right to control your own computer belongs to the owners of the software who is NOT yourself.
You don't have to do any of that yourself. Users who need technical help should ask a skilled helper to do the work.
Your right to control your own computer belongs to the owners of the software who is NOT yourself.I don't care. Microsoft is smarter than me. I am glad they control most of what my computer does. Why do that when I can click an icon on Windows and have MS software fix things for me?
Why do that when I can click an icon on Windows and have MS software fix things for me?They only fix things according to how Microsoft likes it to be. If Microsoft doesn't like to help you, then your shit out of luck.
Or I can just go buy a Mac, giving MS an incentive to fix things. So far, I have never had any real problems with Windows.
Then like I said, I wouldn't lose too much sleep over this shit.It WOULD however, be a good idea to step back, take a look at your workflow, and see where it could benefit from free software, as there are some other pretty big reasons to use free software, depending on the problem space.
It WOULD however, be a good idea to step back, take a look at your workflow, and see where it could benefit from free software, as there are some other pretty big reasons to use free software, depending on the problem space.I have Clang and GCC.
That's a superficial solution regarding to what software solves your computing. You're merely changing the masters of who controls your computer, you're not actually taking control of you're own computing. Now if you feel that you don't need to control your own computer and your happy to let those companies who don't care for you personally control your computer, then so be it, enjoy their control, you deserve it.
I don't care. Microsoft is smarter than me. I am glad they control most of what my computer does. And yet everytime i had trouble to install one  of microsoft software, their troubleshooting pages never help meI remember had to install office 2013 on my laptop, spending 2 days to tweak registry and even reinstall windows because the bootstrap installation always failedIt turned out the problem has something to do with task scheduler and none of that ever mentioned in microsoft troubleshooting website or forum.While on linux all problem are well doumented for various software and hardware configuration
Lets talk about reddit and 4chan as social media platforms. Last thread was purged before I had the opportunity to post and, well, we shitpost all day about OSes and everything else beneath the sun so I don't see why this is any different.Reddit is pretty shit for discussion unless you want that discussion to involve like one other person because your mildly dissenting opinion was forcefully removed from the page.The top comments are often those that are most predictable: comments that someone will see when they open the thread and erroneously upvote because it made them laugh or it fits so snugly into their viewpoint.Inaccurate information can float to the top because, well, it *seems* factual and hey, I mean, the user was bold enough to make a correction. What's not to trust?The karma system acts as social training that incentivizes banality and conformity at the cost of creativity and originality. Why sully your name with experimental or risky posts when the alternative is just so easy?With those points in mind, reddit can be pretty damn entertaining. You have all sorts of regular jokesters and agreeable information is presented to you in a convenient descending hierarchy.
Reddit is groupthink on steroids with an addictive reward system
Reddit contains so much more content organised in a better way than 4chan that I can't call 4chan "better" at this stage.Any time I gain a new interest there is always a subreddit filled with easy to access information about it.
that 4chan logo
reddit logo nice and clean4chan logo like running a 720p console game on a 4k screen with no AAgod damn nigga
social media != technology/b//pol//anywherebut/g//
The humour aspect of Reddit is a total wasteland and dominated by extremely childish content. When you find out the average of age of a lot of popular subs, the reason for this becomes pretty clear everyones 15-20.For technical topics though, I usually find it better. 4Chan is interesting for getting a whole range of controversial and challenging opinions, but too many people abuse it basically just to shitpost, so it kind of defeats the purpose of 4Chan being totally democratic. I've come to realise I like the convenience on reddit of having idiots filtered out for me.Note - this is on technical topics in smaller subs, reddit does the opposite in larger subs - it filters out all the interesting view points and just leaves the meme-spouters and the biggest fucktards intact, at the top of the comments.
Fuck off, I'm gonna flag for shilling you faggot.
They are both trash tier and an exercise in banality.On one side you have an extreme circlejerk where any dissenting opinions are downvoted and the only thing that matters is reputation and karma whoring.On the other side you have a shitposting trollfest where every single good idea gets drowned out immediately and the only thing that matters is how well you can play devil's advocate.In both cases, the only thing that is really truly encouraged is spamming the same meme images over and over.There is still much innovation to be done in the field of online communities. I hope reddit and 4chan both fall out of use soon so we can move on.
I agree, both sites are fucking terrible. I hope someone has a revolutionary idea to transform the whole world of online discussion soon, but I don't hold out much hope. The worst part about online discussion is how idiotic people are in general, and I don't see how that's fixable.
Look around faggot. Hardly any post on /g/ is directly related to tech.
I don't think you people realise how fucking boring the internet would be if everything was "good discussion".
Which is the reason there are more sites then just 4Chan and Reddit. You can look up information if need be for anything you require, or you can burn time away by shitposting on sites trying to get attention.The difference in shitposting is one wears a mask and the other doesn't
this4chan would be a less fun place if I couldn't call someone a nigger/jew/fag and have exactly 0 people flip their shit about it
Reddit actually was maybe 50% good discussion around 2007-2008 and it was great. I learnt something new every day. You maybe just haven't experienced how nice it can be.
Reddit is better for nearly anything of a serious nature.   If you want to engage in inane conversation with nameless, faceless trolls then 4chan is well suited.Most of the people on here who complain about Reddit are the shitposters who are mad that their shitposting doesn't get any attention and is properly downvoted to oblivion.  I mean look at This is the level of maturity that you're dealing with here.  People who think it's fun to use bad words.
People who think it's fun to use bad words.but it is funMUH SRS BZNS
Because retards like you making those threads are infesting the site.
Most of the people on here who complain about Reddit are the shitposters who are mad that their shitposting doesn't get any attention and is properly downvoted to oblivion.I get what you're saying, but Reddit has its fair share of shitposting, there's just entire subs devoted to it that you can unsubscribe from. A good selection here: /r/shitpost No such luck here unfortunately, shitposts and good posts are mixed in togetherFuck off underage
Yep.  I basically only come to 4chan for /toy/, /vg/ and to read the shitstorms on various boards for controversial events.  /g/ was my home board for years but outside of a few generals this board has become poor as well.
Reddit has a shit logo. I get mad when I see it who the hell designed it? Why couldn't they have just had a normal logo like some cool squares or whatever instead of that retarded monkey alien?A website that big should not have such an unprofessional logo, and it seems like everyone on the site loves the logo,I don't get it, it's ugly
OP's face when he made this thread.
Reddit has its fair share of shitpostingBelieve me I know.  I hate 99% of the site myself but if I'm interested in some serious topic I can go to the appropriate sub and get a fairly decent idea of what I need to know, and if not, I at least have a starting point.Personally, I don't browse any of the "funny"/entertainment boards and time wasting shit.  4chan is way better at that.
Every single time I come to Reddit I have seen people agree happily, and like real gentlemen, about information that is just plain false. I can't stand it. If someone is wrong in here, at least everyone knows soon enough, 4chan has more pure information.
Yeah, that aspect of the site is maddening. I don't relying on it for real news any more because most of the titles are sensationalised and commenters haven't read the article 99% of the time, and end up talking about what they assume it says, instead of what it actually says.I'm also not a fan of /pol/ basically invading reddit, every story about racial tension or Israel-related articles has probably 75% dumb /pol/-tier comments nowadays. Comments in /r/news and /r/worldnews are mostly not worth reading.Not even because I disagree or agree with them, just because they're endlessly repetitive and predictable. Eg. Story about black person, comments will all be "black fathers are absent hur hur hur", "blacks are responsible for more crime", "why can't they just be more like whites", blah blah blah. Everyone has some dumb opinion, nobody has any facts
4chan offers an alternative and less-structured method of communication that makes no effort to highlight any individual post. This creates opportunities for all opinions to be heard.The freedom to post and be recognized allows for experimental and original content to be seen, but that content can be harsh or unusual not to a fault.Inaccurate information can spread as a short remark or phrase that users will see and repeat because it seems accepted. With enough effort, one user can spread panic or hysteria.Anonymity is the main force behind the brutal honesty and experimentation, but can facilitate malice.4chan allows for everyone to yell at the same volume, but the many remain the loudest. It has its own charm, but can be daunting when unfamiliar.ms paint resize because fuck it I only care about the thumbnail

Good points. Use this logo next time.
Autism
4chan has more pure information.I agree with the rest of what you said but this is just lol.
I honestly tried reddit after one of my friends who used 4chan started using it a lot.The content is fine but the comments are usually just so annoying. The forced puns on literally every article and all the people reinforcing retarded opinions just get to me.4chan has a lot of shit posting but honestly it seems like a lot less of a hivemind. People who agree discuss things and people who disagree argue. On reddit it just seems like people who agree repeat each other and people who disagree get downvoted.The only strength reddit has is more specific individual boards.
but can be daunting when unfamiliar.Thanks to /b/ and their hazardous/dangerous shit, I've learned to take everything on the internet with a grain of salt.First time I came onto this site back in 07, shit was confusing. I admit I came for "teh epic lulz xdddd" on /b/ because edgy teengaylord, but once you figureout what to do, then you just switch boards depending on your hobbys/interests. Shits pretty fun, also you can learn many new things that you've never done before.Built my first PC thanks to /g/Eat healthy/take care of body thanks to /fit/Learning to improvise thanks to /diy/My origami hobby from being a kid expanded to fuck all thanks to /po/etcI love this site, and it's even better thanks to the anonymous thing. I do occasionally go on reddit, but its like what  said.free to post without a captchaExcept you don't need an account to post. Whereabouts on reddit you do require an account and if you do get banned it was for hurting someones feelings.
some other things to talk about:- metafilter- boingboing- voat.co- hubski- hackernews- lobste.rsnot all are social media platforms though
The top comments are often those that are most predictable: With those points in mind, reddit can be pretty damn entertaining. You have all sorts of regular jokesters and agreeable information is presented to you in a convenient descending hierarchy.This gets damn annoying though. Some askreddit thread gets bombed by a SUPER FUNNY post like "everyone's a bot except you" and it transcends into every other boards, threads like "what does that even mean" pop up all around because funny inside joke. It just never ends, the reposts are endless just like here on /g/. I stick to smaller subs.
Since you've already dissected Reddit, I'll do 4chan.The problem with 4chan is anonymity.  Sure, it's nice to be able to say something disconnected to my other posts.  I wouldn't really want to be known as the guy who masturbated to his family members in any discussion.The problem is that this anonymity is usually just used to spout shit or post memes with nothing but the occasional ban to fix it.The problem isn't really the platform.  It's the users.  Smaller communities are always better.  Reddit and Chans can work on small scales, but crumble when they gain millions of users.A platform for discussion can only be as good as its users.
Fuck off, this isn't /g/ material and reddit is an authoritarian hellscape nobody here wants to talk about.Unfortunately the absentee landlord eunuchs we have for mods here won't delete this thread until it's close to autosaging anyway.Moot has forsaken us. Why even live.
Pretty sad with AskReddit they have to attach 'serious' to a post, just to make sure it doesn't get carpet bombed with the unfunniest shitposting known to man. Everyone's a fucking comedian. Browsing AskReddit for half an hour is enough to make you hate humanity
It wouldn't seem so, but in the end, what you 'learn' from it, is more correct. Mainly because shitposting is easy to identify, and you get the chance to weigh of pros and cons clearly because they are both explained in some extreme way. I would even go as far as turning this post into a shitpost and say there are only highly intellectual people on 4chan, and you'd realize there are not, but a large portion are, or not.
Reddit users are generally retards trying to act smart, while 4chan is retards acting retarded. I can at least get a chuckle out of this site and have discussions without my post being hidden.     Seeing the stuff that people upvote on Reddit often leaves me angry. I think this site is way better for discussion, while Reddit is better for news.
The problem with reddit is that all of the mods seem to be SJWs. which means account after account shadow banned if you want to discuss anything about feminism and equality that's actual truth. You can't even mention the red pill anywhere other than the red pill, Which is actually a good sub but they need to move off of Reddit.
which means account after account shadow banned if you want to discuss anything about feminism and equality that's actual truthYou're kidding right? Any feminism-related post on /r/videos turns into a massive 3000+ comment anti-feminism circlejerk in the comments, nobody getting banned there. There's also heaps of subs like /r/pussypassdenied, /r/beatingwomen. "SJW" influence on the site massively overstated
Unfortunately, this happens in almost every social context. It's filler content that's infectious because you're in on the little secret. When used properly, it can be really witty. The problem is that everyone makes an attempt. The number of comments following a similar formula to a distinctive one but receiving little attention would be really interesting to see.
authoritarian hellscapeHow is that any different from 4chan?  It's completely totalitarian.  Even moot explained that he was the sole person who made all the decisions.  That's called a dictatorship.And you're subject to banning and post deletions for voicing your opinion on 4chan's policyRight from the official rules:Complaining about 4chan its policies, moderation, etc on the imageboards may result in post deletion and a ban.Doesn't get more authoritarian than that.
actual truth about feminism and equalitySounds like you're a grade A shitposter that's mad that you can't shitpost.  If you keep getting banned then it's you who is doing something wrong.
This is an emergency pop quiz!1. Name a data structure2. Name an algorithmDo not copy your neighbor's work!Do not Google for answers!Do your best!
heap, kruskal's algorithm
Vector, Bubble Sort.
linked listsleep sort
VectorData structure
triebogosort
StackSecure hash algorithm
GraphMerge Sort
bitmapped vector triePaxos
Don't even know what those terms mean. Just saw this tight ass railgun reaction image on most recent post area of 4chan front page.saved nigga
hashmaprandom sort
No idea, haven't done any coding since highschool
raises his hand in classfreshmanslept through classthinks he's funny but isn't reallyself taughtbudding FP weeniebuzzword bingocode monkey
homo
Red-Black TreePrim's Algorithm
code monkeywhat exactly did I do to deserve this
Tree, stack, queue, graph Shor's Algorithm, Dijkstra's Algorithm
8treeSimplex
what do you mean by "budding FP weenie"?
Light bloom, floating point frame buffers, volumetric effects, high dynamic range rendering3.2ghz cell processor with 3 dual-threaded cores, 1.8 TFLOPS, 256mb XDR
slept through classExcept he's absolutely correct. Kill yourself.
array*sort
hash tablea*
red/black treequicksort
heapDijkstra's
weighted graphDiamond-squareI already know exactly what you'll say about me, and I'm excited to hear it
DAGTimsort
linked listsieve of eratosthenes
splay treesethi ullman
1. Name a data structurelinked lists? queues2. Name an algorithmdijkstra's algorithmtfw forgot most of the stuff from my data structures class
binary search treedijkstra
JsonBcrypt
json...?
AVL treeDijkstra's algorithm
binary treedjkstra's
TriesDiamond-square
BSTDijkstra
clean-shaveninsecureprobably smarter than mepicked up a "Learn to Progam" book yesterdaywants to work for video gamesliterally whopls fix pathfinding toadyperfectionistThinks 10 problems solved on project euler is impressiveprobably smarter than metells his boss he doesn't need a raisewatactually wrong instead of just dumblooked at other people's responses and copy-pasted
implying certain datastructures and algorithms are inherently "better" or "worse"ha ha ha
zipperkruskals
my answer made me look dumbwaaaaahhhhhhhhhh
1.Dictionary 2.Babylonian algorithm
But but but... I didn't
i haven't answered in the thread yeti have a new ip in case you haven't noticed
r-treeblum blum shub
TrieA*
octreeshor's algorithm
ListMinimax
i'm not OP, nor do i care about your IPalso, certain data structures ARE inherently better or worsebubble sort vs merge sortlist map vs hash map
watTrying to act like he's smartHe doesn't know about Dijkstra's Algorithm
ArrayQuicksortDid- did I do good, anon-kun?
1. le link list2. le tim sort
DequeBoyer-Moore
List. Lenstra's algorithm.
integerint main
skip listcooley-tukey muh negro gauss got that shit like 200 years ago tho
even you should know that choosing datastructure and algorithms is all about the particular situation at hand. for example, depending on the particular system, you may extremely limited memory or write operations could be costly, and in that case you would want to use bubble rather than merge.have you ever worked on any real projects or do you just come on /g/ to regurgitate shit you heard in class?
Floating point.Long division.
b treediffie-hellmanNot even CS.
are you fucking serious? there are such things as in place merge sort; bubble sort is literally good for nothing except teaching why some algorithms are inferior.
Array Kalman Filters
linked listquicksortbubble sortmfw when bubble sort is the first algorithm someone thought of honest-to-god bubble sort
ok you try running in place merge sort on a tape drive and tell me how it goesOP asked for a data structure and an algorithm, he did not specify in which situation they should be used, and it's pointless to judge people on whatever choice they made
stackdadda tree multiplication
Van emde-boas treeSkolemization
running a sorting algorithm on a tape driveon a tape drivebecause that is a TOTALLY realistic situationif you think you're so good, post your github
I never claimed I was so good, only that there are real life situations where certain "bad" algorithms might be optimal. Furthermore it's silly to assume things about people's choices because they could have literally just looked up the newest encryption algorithm on wikipedia and no one would know. And what do you think data was stored on before hard disk drives came along?
you seem to not understand the difference between ROM and RAM. nobody has ever seriously used tape drives for sorting.
implying a literal tape could ever be used to store data10/10, I bet you actually believe this shit too
hashtable, stooge sort
are you actually retarded or merely pretending
Is scotch tape more data dense than masking tape?
as much as I think he's wrong in this case, you're acting even more retarded.
Samefag detectedexpecting anyone to believe TWO people could be this retardedAPEX KEK
retard detectedcant even recognize samefagging
Red-black treeRadix Sort
lolnixOPINION DISCAERDED
graphmonte-carlo tree search
hurrah... a shitposterwhy cant you let me an tape drive warrior anon go back to our at least semi-reasonable argument.
but I'm using windows...
stfu dumbass, I posted the screenshot. anyone with half a brain would know that cursor is adwaita default.
hurr durr it's reasonable to use tapes to store data durfI'm TOTATLLY SERIOUSSSS PLS BELIEVE MEand I'm totally not that other guy!!!
there is not cursor in the pic...
unrolled linked listED25519
is this the /g/ equivalent of your waifu a shit
ropeNetwork flow
binary treeviterbi's
Why does firefox keep adding features I dont need and that work better as addons?
They need money so they're selling out. Pretty sad really.
tfw every update means fucking around in about:config You were supposed to be different firefox.
PaleMoon.problem solved
version 24good add-apps dont even werk SKIPPED
Why should we seriously answer loaded questions?
add-apps
move with the time gramps
mfw the only thing keeping me from switching to IE11 is the pisspoor webm support
the new ceo is probably pushing for a bit of cash
/g/'s opinion about it?
let's write desktop applications in javascript guys!!people are writing full blown applications built upon countless layers of abstraction instead of proper C++i want this ride to end
It's incredibly slow and resource intensive.
Web "developers", wasting as many resources as possible because all they know is JS and PHP.
Oh, but it's just beginning, and there are people actually defending it.
Web devs needs to be gassed.Most of them don't even realize how bloated their websites are since they're on company issued computers with high-end hardware.
Great, I love when my booleans are stored as Numbers
Booleans are floats. Everything in JS is a float.
It's fuzzy logic.
blame c++ for being shit to write desktop applications in

I don't even like C++ and I'll agree that it's better than javascript.
I'd rather write Desktop Applications in Python or Lua
Desktop ApplicationspythonDisgusting.LuaFull on brain damage.
But Anon, it's great! Finally we can write programs like we did 15 years ago, almost as fast, too!
This can't be happening.Intel's latest offerings are only 4% faster than last years.CPUs as a whole aren't getting ANY faster, we can't keep writing bloated JS programs written in scripting languages and passing them off as desktop software.
You've got some real hot opinions, anon.
Name 5 popular and useful desktop applications written in python.Do the same for Lua.
nice opinionbut anonif you can't just import everythingit's too hard for code monkeysyou expect way too much
Writing stuff like that is ok if you want to have a multiplatform UI, provided you make the biggest part of your program in other language. But nw.js is better, electron is just made for atom.
I only know World of Warcraft addons written in luadidn't think it was used for anyhing else than interface scripts for games
Sorry, I forgot the only /g/ approved language is assembly, because anything else is too easy.
I like javascript.
assemblynot machine codepleb
implying it's not 1:1
Seriously, i understand they want SJWs to get into coding and their fuckup called JS is easy enough for them. But This shit has to stop. JS is terrible, it's a collection of hacks, look at "5" == 5 = true. This is just plain stupid, if You Need cross platform babby tier coding, get something byte compiled like Java or C#. Any other application should use C++ with Qt for example.
Proper C++Is that C++, C++03, C++0x/11, C++14 or Bell Labs C++ aka C with Classes?
Any other application should use C++ with Qt for example.Completely honest, Why?I can save time by developing in something simple and push out the application faster without having to worry about anything on the lower level.Which in turn saves the company money, saves me time and nerves, makes my boss happy and in the end it gets me paid.What does C++ give me that other languages don't? Performance is not relevant
Performance is not relevant
Intel's latest offerings are only 4% faster than last years.the date
Typing.I can't believe I wrote that.
it's just plain bullshit. if you're a good programmer, you're going to get the job done in C++ just as fast as in JS.
More productivity, less bugs, better performance. C++/Qt is worlds ahead of JS in all three. But of course not all webdev hipsters are able to learn it, so "it's shit".
How long do I have to learn to be a "good programmer" which does not make me more money than what I'm currently doing.And what does "good programmer" even mean, I see this term be thrown around a dozen times a day, with a new meaning every time I see it.
which does not make me more money than what I'm currently doingKek. How much do you make, sweetie? Make me laught.
Last time I checked, I'd have to do way more work in C++, which leaves me a lot more open to bugs, and it also needs a lot more effort for a very marginal again. It's just not worth it.Also Finding non-c++ dev's is a lot easier and cheaper.
Performance is not relevantliterally, I don't care how well the final product actually works You are what's wrong with modern software construction.
~105k with deductions.Can't complain and I'm living a comfy life
Anon, Desktop software will be a thing of the past.Soon everything will be a web app, even your operating system.
Yeah, that's nothing.If you're happy, then it's all that matters. But a C++ engineer working on interesting problems can easily earn upwards of 500k. The difference between comfy and paradise.
But a C++ engineer working on interesting problems can easily earn upwards of 500klol - nope
Why are all example applications written for macs? it should work in other OSes right? Or is there something I'm missing?
That's nothing! Big companies can afford to pay talent well.Say you work at facebook, you find just a .5% performance gain somewhere and you just paid your salary for the next 10 years. That's how it works. Make yourself valuable and the money follows.
I think it's the future. C++ fags may complain but fuck them, a system like this is needed so we can sanely deal with multiple platforms.It's not like you're gonna write particle physics montecarlo simulations with it, it's just fine for apps
500k is nice and dandy, but I already can afford anything I could possibly want, and I live a happy life with an uncomplicated job. Having to invest a lot of time and learn something that is barely ever used around here exactly 3 C++ Jobs within 100km is absolutely not worth it.
Then I'm happy for you. Cheers.
hmmm in reality - that's not how it works. 0.5% increase in performance is rarely if ever attributed to 1 or 2 people.exceptional engineers might get that much - there are probably less than 1% of engineers who would make that much at facebook.
hmmm in reality - that's not how it works. 0.5% increase in performance is rarely if ever attributed to 1 or 2 people.You can't do that every day, by definition. But there are precise profiling tools, every single change is measured and attributed to its author. exceptional engineers might get that much - there are probably less than 1% of engineers who would make that much at facebook.Exactly. And if you aren't exceptional, it's perfectly fine to stick to easy work and safe languages, there's nothing wrong with that.But if you have a passion, this is what you want to do.
/g/'s opinion about it?Faster computers introduced every year aren't here for js desktop "Apps".Faster computers are here for helping people be more productive.Using js desktop "Apps" is not about productivity. It's about creating employment opportunity for army of useless js "developers".Just look at KolibriOS. Entire OS written in assembly. It runs on 8 MB of RAM. Compare KolibriOS with Atom.
According to their FAQ, there's one main reason why Github chose to base this on JS  HTML and CSS: Its easier to extend. The sum of all available CSS and JS frameworks are simply the biggest and most portable interface library available.Look at how fast Microsoft build a full featured C# editor with debugger and intellisense on top of JavaScript with Visual Studio Code. Theres not a single text editor that could be extended with a debugger that easily. Sublime Text got debuggers, but they are limited and shitty and less extensive cause the plugin, cause the plugin API do not allow the amount of customization. The whole Atom application is accessible as a DOM, which can be altered and accessed in any way by plugins, in a languages everyone already knows and customized with CSS which every damn design hipster remember, the guys that actually make the good-looking things can use. Also, glowing text :^C++/Qt is worlds ahead of JS in all three.ProductivityDefinitely not for plattform independent development. You have to deal with memory management, segfaults/security issues and also compile and get all dependencies for all plattforms you want to deploy to. All of those things are enormously time-consuming.
You can't do that every day, by definition. But there are precise profiling tools, every single change is measured and attributed to its author.You think you can make 500k by using a profiling tool?But if you have a passion, this is what you want to do.No - I don't mean passion, I mean exceptional. To give you a context - the primary author of Apache Mesos or Apache Cassandra won't be making 500k.
That being said, I used to write some C++ about half a decade back, but didn't really get far with it.I'm currently just following the Job trend in my region and see which language pays. There are currently ~75 job entries in my country which look for C++ programmers.I did try out Rust recently, which seems interesting to me, but had some initial problems, not with the language itself, but rather with the cargo program.And I really dislike the Syntax and error handling of Go, so that is not an option.
Build cross platform desktop apps with web technologiesWhy not just build web apps instead?
Tcl/Tk is worlds ahead of sepples.
mfw people seem to forget about using technologies other than C++ C# can use Xwt to make a native interface for each platformJava can use JavaFX to make an interface for each platformHell, there's most likely wxWidgets bindings for any other fucking language you can think of. Saying cross-platform is hard is bullshit.You can spend a little more time getting your application cross-platform in exchange for a much more solid and responsive application, or you can undo 15 year's worth of advancements by using what is effectively a browser without an address bar to create a horribly crippled application for each platform.See for example Spotify. Runs like absolute garbage.
I'll stick with Ada. Don't want to kill a bunch of miners because of some weird defect in casting that no rationally designed language would make.
Don't worry straight CIS white males, Rust will be allowed for those who can't understand the superiority of our lord JavaScript.
It's almost like these people have lost all purpose to their live and just create software as a meta-joke
go die asshole
 fs i/o front/back end separation bundling the rendering engine save you from polyfills and hacks
This
oh my word this is some apocalypse type shit right here
implying that javascript is rationally designed
implying even ada is rationally designednot using rust instead of ada
no
Super excited for it. I feel like high JS is suitable for most applications these days.
fuck off google
your denial can't stop the progress, Anon.
screenshotting a single post
Why the fuck are people trying to make application development like webdev? I'd much rather do it the other way round. Web 'developers' need to learn actual programming, most of them literally can't write fizzbuzz
Once you start getting into digital circuitry, assembly seems really easy.Using a language with a decent standard meant for portability can also work.I think the main problem is how most people doing this don't actually care about computation or anything.  It's just a paycheck to them.  I genuinely enjoy learning more about this field.
being this much of a hipster shill
Machine codeNot writing in binarysmh
Assembly is only slightly more abstract than machine code.  It mostly just prevents you from needing to change many details tediously and lets you use symbolic data, generally speaking.Anyone can easily hand assemble and further optimize an assembly program, so writing in machine code is rather pointless.Machine code is binary, you fucking idiot.
Because it's easy and cross-platform.
Not using assembly with db 0xXX ; comment when you need machine code
All these idiots trying to talk down C++ because they're literally too stupid to program properly with it. Get real. I can knock any program up faster than you script kiddies on resource intensive languages. The world runs on C/C++ and that ain't gonna change. Get good, or GTFO.
The sum of all available CSS and JS frameworks are simply the biggest and most portable interface library available.what is lisp?
page 11 bump
sort of relevant, what's the best application for writing desktop applications? java?
to the top
best application for writing desktop applications
Machine code is binary, you fucking idiot.machine code is a set of instructions that are sent in binary but interpreted as said instructions. binary is only on the wire. they are not the same.most assembly is just a 1 to 1 of the machine code for the system with some added macros and functions.
A dead language.
Tcl/Tk
javascript
Anki
 hurr durr c++ is so complicatedwhy would you use c++03, c++0x or c++11 over c++14
I like turtles
What kind of GUI desktop app are you running that needs to do calculations that cannot be done in less than 1ms in Python?Protip: you do not need to integrate a pathfinding algorithm into your GUI frontend.
there's one main reason why Github chose to base this on JS HTML and CSS: Its easier to extendEmacs Lisp would like to have a word with the GitHub hipsters.  They're on the phone, calling from 1985, wondering why someone's reinventing the wheel 30 years later.
Reinventing the wheel happens an awful lot in the programming world.
Javascript's type system is pretty horrifying, but it does have booleans.
writing everything in C++Enjoy your exploits.
In C++, reinvention is its own reward.C++ is a language strongly optimized for liars and people who go by guesswork and ignorance.aestheticles: n. The little-known source of aesthetic reactions. If your whole body feels like going into a fetal position or otherwise double over from the pain of experiencing something exceptionally ugly and inelegant, such as C++, it's because your aestheticles got creamed.I believe C++ instills fear in programmers, fear that the interaction of some details causes unpredictable results. Its unmanageable complexity has spawned more fear-preventing tools than any other language, but the solution should have been to create and use a language that does not overload the whole goddamn human brain with irrelevant details.Perhaps to the point, C++ is just the kind of language and community that produces heaps and heaps of incredibly rotten code in a language that is implemented and understood poorly, so I have quipped that life is too long to be good at C++ -- if you had spent all that time to become good at it, you would essentially have to work with it, too, to get back the costs, and that would just be some long, drawn-out torture.As you grow more accustomed to programming in a better language, you will notice that you make far fewer "simple bugs".  I am serious about this.
I agree.Everyone needs to move to C.C++ a shit.
the only reason it would be easier to program in C is that you can't easily express complex problems in C, so you don't.C is not clean – the language has many gotchas and traps, and although its semantics are simple in some sense, it is not any cleaner than the assembly-language design it is based on.… so as long as you do The Right Thing and forget how you would do it in C, you should be able to get a good grip on this.C being what it is lacks support for multiple return values, so the notion that it is meaningful to pass pointers to memory objects into which any random function may write random values without having a clue where they point, has not been debunked as the sheer idiocy it really is.Getting C programmers to understand that they cause the computer to do less than minimum is intractable. They would not /use/ C if they understood this point, so if you actually cause them to understand it in the course of a discussion, you will only make them miserable and hate their lives.So pardon my cynical twist, but what are you doing with that 20,000×20,000 double-precision floating point matrix you say you need to invert today? If you answer "nutt'n, I jus kinda wondered what it'd be like, you know", you should be very happy that I am most likely more than 3000 miles away from you, or I would come over and slap you hard.C is not fast -- it is instead microoptimizable, so it looks as if you control the speed of your code, but instead of generating fast code for problem-solving, the compiler generates no excess machine code relative to _your_ code. This is the same "fast" as assembler, where you would have to be lobotomized beyond recognition to believe that instructions counts equated speed.C was "efficient" on a PDP-11. It is inefficient on everything created ever since that CPU design was abandoned. On modern processors, C is actually anti-efficient due to a number of relationships between processor, memory, and the outside world.
thinking binary is anything other than a base-2 number systemthinking machine code isn't just bit patterns of 1s and 0s aka binarytrying this hard to defend your autismYou made us all dumber with your autistic shitposting
If you fear C++/C or think it will produce bug riddled code, you are a fucking shit programmer and don't deserve to be called anything more than an amateur. Grow the fuck up. You're the problem, not the language.
NASA says C produces bug addled codethey must be fucking shit programmersdelusional Cfag pls go
yep, guarantee they had shit programmers.what kind of good programmer would want to work for a shit organization like NASA?
C is the best language ever created
Write me a kernel in lisp Naggum. I'm still waiting on your dead ass.
Operating systems have been written in languages that aren't clusterfucks like C. They've been written in Algol, Lisp, and many other languages.I love how no one even looks to computing before UNIX, it seems. They're just willfully ignorant and treat Dennis Ritchie like a fucking god.From Usenet: "Well, then how do you write low level code, like a kernel?"The answer to this is that operating system kernels that are said to be written in C are not entirely written in C. They contain substantial amounts of machine language.-Kaz Kylheku
Operating systems have been written in languages that aren't clusterfucks like C. They've been written in Algol, Lisp, and many other languages.And where are those magnificent operating systems now?
javascript is the most bloated shit ever. But its okay since I'm comfortable with using it
If you read The UNIX Hater's Handbook, you'll hear the story about some of those systems.UNIX is literally a computer virus that spread.But Anon, you use UNIX too!I hate every second of it.  Computing should be better than this.Unfortunately, good enough is the enemy of great.
It wouldn't be spreading unless it was good.
Spreading and being good are two very different things.  If you'd like another example, look at this thread and read about how great Javascript is.
I like Javascript.Spreading and being good are two very different thingsYes. But Unix did spread because it was good. Windows spread because of Microsoft's uncompetitive practices. Unix spread because it was better than alternatives.
I like Javascript.I wish I was surprised.Yes. But Unix did spread because it was good. Windows spread because of Microsoft's uncompetitive practices. Unix spread because it was better than alternatives.Read on the history of computing.  Compare UNIX to the systems that preceded it and see if you continue to spout that shit.I'm done now.  I won't reply again.
I've read my share. Unix had no acceptable alternatives.
I'm done now. I won't reply again.I'm another poster, but I can't help but find this curious.  I just barely did the very same thing in a thread, on another board, for similar reasons.  I have seen multiple posters do this with people who have lacking logic or knowledge today.But just today.  I don't believe I'm falling victim to a bias or an overexpression of significance of certain events that makes them seem like they correlate more, or are overexpressed.  My mother was always on about astrology.  Obviously to have any meaning gravitation fields or some manner of resonance, or a mechanism we aren't aware of, much be at work to influence things on a grander predictable scale.It also brings to mind determinism.  As well as the idea that perhaps the universe is akin to a calculation device transferring and altering information.  There are more localalized possibilities that could affect many regions however.  It just seems strange.  I have days and moods and everyone else seems to behave in a similar vein, the contrast between things becomes very clear.
His argument is "educate yourself and learn to agree with me". I already consider myself educated and I do not agree. To me it seems he is out of things to say. Mentioned existence of all those amazing advanced operating systems better than Unix at a time, and failed to actually name even one.
I would've liked to see you two bring out hard specifics though.  It wasn't much of an argument, and nothing of much meaning was transferred by either side.I'm more apt to overlap with that poster's viewpoint though, both in a hard data sense, and an underlying philosophical one.  Best is relative, doesn't always win out, and very often it's popularized garbage that spreads.  I spend most of my life trying to understand, why.  Why, why, why, is nothing ever done in a way that I think is correct?  Why am I always fixing other people's shit, yet seeing no functionality lost?  Why am I always improving things, why am I disgusted by our engineering in general?There are a lot of reasons for this.  But unfortunately I think a lot of possibilities died out, got stomped, or found themselves pushed under the rug.  It is our history in a nutshell, and we will likely never change these cycles.  We ourselves will never change.
I don't know why are writing so much meaningless text but there you go, hard specifics: no OS with functionality comparable to Unix by the time Unix is created.
I don't see meaning, therefore no meaning exists to be seenThat's why the other poster wouldn't talk to you.  You don't seem to have very good logical skills, you don't seem to care about self awareness hence a lack of the outward idea that you don't see any meaning due to personal limitation that we all possess in some sense, and you aren't making any meaningful arguments yourself.I don't know anon.  Don't take it too personally, but I gotta wonder how you got to be so boring.  I'll be goin' as well.
mfw all these psuedo-intellectual hat tipping pricks
Check out the arrogance on this faggot.
posting worst yuru
Don't bully!
Old /dpt at What are you working on?
rewriting haskell lonix in prolog
have you uploaded your photo id to neo-moot, jani?don't work so hard... remember how much are you being paid.
Pomodoro time tracker in WPF or Swing, not really sure if I want to fight with the Eclipse WindowBuilder
Looking for a decent cross platform C library with native look and feel.So far IUP looks alright, although I'm unsure how many features and controls are available:option is to use GTK+ which support linux and windows. Although, of course, a theme is necessary to achieve anything close to native look and feel on windows. I'm also uncertain about support on KDE, os x and wayland...Ideally I'd use C bindings to WxWidgets, however they don't seem to have been maintained.So....Any suggestions?inb4 just use sepples
Looking for a decent cross platform C library with native look and feel.here we fucking goinb4 just use sepplesJust use something that isn't C and that isn't C++ if you don't like it. Or use C++.
Reconfiguring my file manager to continually erase random files without confirmation prompt whenever the delete key is pressed.
can anyone recommend a python library for file encryption?and I don't mean file contents encryption, I mean actual file encryption such that the file manage nautilus, explorer, whatever will ask for a password or throw an error
Company moved me into developmentI have 0 coding experience that isn't RailsBeen winging it in C# for two weeksI have no idea what I'm doing and I'm beyond frustrated every dayPlease kill me
Godlike programmer here with 15 years of programming experience. I have written 15,000 lines of code to make a really great program and was wondering if anyone would like to help. It is to topple facebook with an even better site.
Working on my IRC MUD in C still.Just wrote a perl script to extract the monster database which was hardcoded into my original perl script in a hash.Now it's stored likedarkie:35:5:0:0:0:20:15:35in a text file.I'm just going to load it at startup and populate an array of structs with the data.Is this method fine or is there a better way to do this?I was also thinking I would just save the struct in binary mode after the first time, then skip populating the structs with the raw data more than once if said file is found. I'm currently loading/saving multiple structs no problem, so I know it works.
C# is like Java with some shit from C++ baked in to itits absolute cancer, stay away from it.
Do you always puke rainbows when you are frustrated?
Should use an anime image next time.
I fucking wish I could.  All the APIs we use are fully ruby compatible, and I have a hell of a lot better grasp on Ruby, but noooGotta use C# because "C# is the tits man"It's from all the different liquors I drink to cope with it
sounds like you could just wrap GPG and be done
Read a book nigger
yeah probably the best way to do it, yeahwould it be easy to implement a basic file encryption system of my own? obviously not one I would ever actually use, but just as a learning exercise. I mean, how do you even get the file manager to recognise that your file is encrypted?
Someone explain functional programming to me. I don't get it, what is it good for? Why abstract away from the machine? Should I just stay with C?
Also, threw in some timers and the global weather now works.
You should go learn Java
Well that was rude
C could also be written in functional manner

Dont overcomplicate your save data. Use json.
im trying to make a simple registration system using php and mysqlim getting error  Notice: Undefined variable: row in E:\xampp\htdocs\phphw\register.php on line 85the code would add a new user if the username does not exist in the database yetany tips ??php              $valid = true;    $exists = true;        if  isset $_POST['submit']   {           $username = $_POST['username'];     $email = $_POST['email'];     $password = $_POST['password'];     $password2 = $_POST['password2'];                         ifstrlentrim$_POST['password'] = 7                    {                          $valid = false;                                            }                    else                    {                        $valid = true;                    }                    if$password==$password2 and $valid ==true     {                echo "Passwords match ";                                  $conn = mysqli_connect'localhost', 'root', '', 'tbl_users';                if mysqli_connect_errno{                                  exit;                }                                                      $query =  "SELECT Username                    FROM                     tbl_users                     where Username = '$username'";                    ;                        $result = mysqli_query$conn, $query                or die"Error in query: ". mysqli_error$conn;                                mysqli_fetch_assoc$result;                {                if$row[0]==$username                {                    echo "records found";                }                else                {                    $query = "INSERT INTO tbl_users Username,Password,Email, Role VALUES                                '$username', '$password', '$email', 'registered'";                                                                 mysqli_query$conn, $query;                }                }                                             }    else     {         echo "your passwords have to match and be atleast 8 chars !";     }            }     ?
I spent most of today making a username appear on a screen for a service in a major live website. It seemed initially like a simple task, but ended up requiring making significant changes to various microservices. Now I'm paranoid the changes will break something live in production - we have a great QA team, but still...
I need to focus on an assignment to finish it tonight or before tomorrow night. What do you guys recommend to keep focused and stop getting distracted by coming here or doing something else?I mean, do you force yourself into a mood or anything else?
I play magic the gathering or go biking and then I go out at local library and program or at school somewhere away from home.
Break the assignment down into the simplest possible thing you could achieve for it, programmatically. Then build functionality on top of it slowly.Don't run into the thing trying to achieve everything at once.
if it works right now and there is a Q&A just keep it as is. Make sure to run a lot of tests from your end to make sure everything is stable, then when there is no Q&A upload it and run simple tests, if it does not work, revert back to the old version.Keep backups!
C# is absolute cancerget a load of this guyhurr i read c# was dying and i believe everyone on the internet!If you don't have experience in C# you're going to be missing out. Java looks like absolute dogshit next to it. And now that M$ is open sourcing their shit and making it cross-platform, there will be no reason to use it.Go ahead, name something bad about C#. I've been using it professionally for 2 years so i can dispel some doubts :^
Thankfully we use git, so reverting to a previous stable release is easy. We have lots of environments to deploy code to, before it reaches prod too. I created relevant new unit tests for the new functionality and existing unit tests also pass - everything works locally and in a dev environment. Unfortunately, we have to make calls to a very secret API and we have very little information about, so we have to create stubs for our dev environment. I'm probably being too paranoid.
Why?
oh wowcomparing password and confirm fields on server side instead of client sidestoring passwords in cleartext instead of hashingquerying the database to check uniqueness in code instead of enforcing a unique constraint on the username columnnot understanding how mysqli works when a query has no resultsprobably not using SSL and no plans to starthardcoded database paramsabsurdly messy code, apparently random indentation stylealmost everything you could be doing wrong here, you areall you need to do is pass the username and password via GET instead of POST and you'll have a 100% fuckup score
I think you got $row and $result mixed mate
there will be no reason to use itTell that to the US Gov't. Our project just updated to Java 7
I'm making google cloud russian roulette. The user will press the button and it will deploy a random cluster of servers, with random software installed, potentially charging them a ridiculously high fee. You might end up with a 500 NODE CASSANDRA CLUSTER!
Why would I do that?The way I'm saving things right now,void save_players Bot *dawn, size_t size {    FILE *file = fopen"players.db", "wb";    if file != NULL {        fwritedawn, size, 1, file;        fclosefile;        printf"Wrote %zu bytes to players.db\r\n", size;    }}and it works fantastically. Someone mentioned something about endianness but the save file would never be shared. Hell I could even just put the monster struct in the bot struct and avoid a separate file all together. I'm only ever creating one instance of the bot and just passing a pointer around when I need to access things within it. I think I'll make a separate file for the database of monsters though just for organization's sake. I don't know.If there's a critical thing I'm missing here, please do inform me. When I made the IRC MUD in perl, it was like my tutorial to the language, and it was messy since I would slam in everything as I learned it; I have some prior knowledge of C now, which is why I've decided to take on this project again now, hopefully with much better planning since I know how the layout of the game is. It was such a great project which really built up my skills that I hope it will do the same in C.
Good luck sending and reading across diferent consumers. You are also using ASCII dont you?
Are you talking to me?: But if they compiled their own instance, wouldn't it work fine? The binary files would never be included in the open source project.
literally howeven basic IO is the most annoying thing in prologwrite it in scheme instead
So....Any suggestions?Qt with C++ if you want to be realistic.
I guess that can make sense because if I'm home, I tend to either play games or get distracted by literally doing nothing or looking at videos. And the works part is that whenever I try to get ready to do work, I feel uncomfortable sitting, my back hurts for some reason, even though it doesn't when I do other things. If I go to the library today, I will avoid sitting my back pointing to the wall to avoid doing watching youtube videos.I usually do that when taking tests, comment then write functions, but for this, I don't know. I start making a class first instead of doing functional.I guess I'll try functional first then when everything werks move to classes.
You can have classes in functional programming. I meant a different sort of functional, so it was probably a bad choice of wording on my part. By functional, I meant implemented solution, rather than the academic interpretation of the word.
interclass interaction should be minimized
Out of interest, what is the assignment?
Java looks like absolute dogshit next to itnice meme
Perhaps we should allocate this to the top of the content pyramid in order to comply with the big data stack, of course the end user wont know about this in a streamline process incorporating web 2.0 and minification.
Question for C programmers who dislike C++ or people who like Plan 9 ideas:How are you feeling about Rust?
rust a shit
can you prove that you enoy C or Plan 9?
It ok, but certainly not a C replacement.
please use an anime picture next time.
It's like a Java or C# replacement.
can you prove he doesn't?
No, it's more of a C++ replacement.
rust fixes a lot of things wrong with cif you are using a bunch of static analysis and shit which is basically required to not have tons of terrible shit happen in c, unless you are djb it ends up being basically the samemy biggest problem with it is the mips and arm targets toolchains are quite up to snuff at least last time I used them
can you prove that you enjoywhat kind of question is that? regardless, I've only ever programmed in C, it's not much but maybe 20 thousand lines total ever
Haven't tried any serious programming with it, but besides the syntax it looks pretty decent. I don't think it'll turn out to be a "C++ killer" or whatever, though, at least not right now. Let's wait and see how C++17 will turn out.
I wouldn't group rust with java or c#, its right to group rust with c and sepples
What is a good ruby style guide?Also what is a styleguide?  I wrote my first little script and I'm worried it looks bad
Who wants to program a project together? Lets think of ideas and post skype info to work together.
A set of rules to make sure other people can easily understand the code you write
Hey guys I am trying to make new cards to play black jack game in VBNET this is what I have so far  Public Class CardHolder      Private _deck as ListOf Card  Private _UsedCards as ListOf Card
Please use an anime image next time.
Is Go still a meme? Is D still a meme?Are either worth learning for someone who enjoys C tinkering? Should I just spend that time working with sepples instead?
 $ gem install rubocop $ rubocop file.rb
I can't see a reason to know C AND some other meme languageD looks nice but if you know C, there's no pointI'd say learn soups
just teach yourself cobol/fortran
Golang isn't really a tinkering language. Maybe a week of mucking around with goroutines for classic concurrency problems, but it's otherwise a pretty strictly idiomatic language.D has some crazy capabilities. Mixins + compile time function execution are really cool. As Andrei would say, D code is very plastic and flexible and warps itself to whatever shape you want.
Interesting, I'll keep that in mind.I've been meaning to look into COBOL actually, because there are actually well-paying jobs out there for it.
With cobol you will not be producing anything new, just maintaining something a man wrote 150 years ago
Why are most people I meet who are interested in machine learning annoying?
Yeah, but if they want to slide me a cool 60 thou, I wouldn't turn my nose up at that.
In what way?
US govt sucks so its not surprising that they use dogshit
I'll get on the horn here, since I know what he's getting at:There's some kind of superiority complex in the programming field with people who work on certain types of things. People who do machine learning, machine vision, AI, etc.. all have this sort of belief that they're inherently superior to everyone else and it shows. They'll start a line of dialogue with a question like "What are you working on?" not because they're actually interested in what you're working on and they expect you to say something typical and CRUDish  but because they want to tell YOU what THEY'RE working on.As soon as I hear the phrase "neural network" I just start tuning it out.If they were at least honest about it, that would be fine, but it's attempted with a not-so-subtle-subterfuge style.
learn soups
Good god make sure you compile with -Wall.I just spent a good hour fucking with headers because I wasn't using -Wall and it didn't warn me about implicit declarations. Move one thing, 3345098 more warnings. My fault anyway obviously, but we good now. I mean... It worked as it should, but compile warnings are ugly.
but compile warnings are uglyGCC 5.1 improved their warning/error outputs. Clang also has very good warnings/errors.
-Wallnot -Wall -ansi -pedanticit's like you don't even want to write portable code
doesn't use -Wall -Wextra -Werror
2015-ansiNot -std=c11
doesn't use Clang with -Weverything -Werror
not using -Wherever -Whenever -We're -Meant -To-Be -Together
If you're not doing an some sort of web service, why would you ever subject yourself to C#?
i'm pretty sure it's what you use when you use unity, so there's thatsource: noticed that the unity installer wanted to install monodevelop, couldn't hit cancel fast enoughfuck unity, i'll make my shitty 2d platformer vidya with anything else
Clang
installing gentoo on an acer aspire revo r1600
Installing Gentoo is not programming.
Historically, we have supported three languages: C#, UnityScript also known as JavaScript for Unity and Boo.
well meme'd
Thanks, just went through and fixed 200 errors
I meant, having any is ugly.-Wall -Wextra -WerrorWith this I only gotused parametermissing initializer'name' declared here.Not bad, will fix.-ansiNot 100% certain what this bullshit is, but everything is is wrong according to it.-pedanticMostly just stuff about my comments being C++ style comments, some stuff about using 'z' gnu_printf alternative to zu is? and some stuff about mixed declarations and code.Will probably fix these.error: unrecognized command line option '-Wherever'               error: unrecognized command line option '-Whenever'               error: unrecognized command line option '-Were'                   error: unrecognized command line option '-Meant'8/10 would compile again.-std=c11Some errors about dereferencing pointer to incomplete type.Don't know what it means but will look into it to be safe.No thanks.
Unused parameter**
-ansi is the same as -std=c89.This disables any GNU extensions, so only code that is portable across all C89 compilers will get past without a warning or error. There is little reason to target such an old standard though, so -std=c11 would be a lot better.
How are you going to earn beer money over summer break?Electrical engineeringCustom ecig modsMechanical engineeringBike framesComputer scienceWriting a real time commodities trading bot in Coffeescript, I don't have any grant left because I spent it on Weed so we'll be hosting on ramnode.
What is everyone's perfected syntax highlighting? I can't seem to settle on one theme
$a = "b";$b = "c";$c = "d";$d = "a";echo $a; // "b"echo $$a; // "c"echo $$$a; // "d"echo $$$$a; // "a"echo $$$$$a; // "b"echo $$$$$$a; // "c"...
Ah gotcha.I knew it was older, remembered it in K&R.
Neat.
Is this limited to php or do other languages have a similar syntax?
Are any good resources regarding DWARF and potentially stack unwinding?  I haven't managed to find anything besides the official docs.
Duuuuuuuuuuuuude
It's called variable variables.
I've made some real progress and some real frustration.Even SHealth has my stress level above normal.cocktailbar decides it is going to ignore margin value on the icons sometimesI don't understand.
Computer ScientistThe implication of dynamic variable linking are astounding!Software EngineerThat would never get through code review
php
Looks like I won't be using c11 since I need to use sockets. gnu89 and gnu99 compile, what do?
It's how you emulate pointers in PHP. Disgusting.
What about c99 or gnu11?
gnu11 good, c99 nope.
where to start with java?
In the middle
Nowhere. You shouldn't use Java.
Try py-cryptoIf your on linux its sudo apt-get install py-crypto
It's certainly not limited to PHP, but its definitely more common among "scripting" languages.
why not?
That's better. I still have some icon issues to work around like proper Phone icon instead of it getting the Contacts icon, for whatever reason.And an icon for the bar itself.And ordering.And code clean up.And feature expansion.
If I'm coding in C# and just using simple Visual Studio form tools because I'm a lazy shitlord, what's the best way to have an "output" panel?It's just text but I can't for the life of me figure out how to get output or results printed into a text box.
a fizzbuzz using perl5 html5 audio mojolicious jquery postgresql ffmpeg ices2 icecast2, & irssi robot live irc ticker, search, scoring, requests, and enqueueing.  text2speech bumps.  reddit.
I am completely new to coding but I am interested in learning it. What programming language would be the best to start with. Also could anyone recommend me some books or websites that would be useful. Im interested in backend website development and security.
Java or C# for programmingJavascript or Ruby for scriptingJavascript and Ruby on Rails absolutely for webdev
Because Java is used by professionals.
1. Add a textbox2. Set the properties to make it "multiline"3. Use .append
p0wnd
So...likepublic void textbox{}public void DoesAThing{int x = 1;x = x + 3;textbox.appendx;}?I'm still relatively new with C# and winforms is seriously throwing me for a loop, and I have yet to get the hang of how C# handles methods always taking parameters.
Can you show an example?Printing the shortest path using Dijkstra's algorithm.I know it sounds simple, but for the past few days, I haven't been able to focus and do much.
backend website developmentStart with: && && will get you introduced to front end, and understanding of both is important Then go to backendRuby on Rails: | Node.js: && && Python: ¯\_ツ_/¯SecurityWhat kind?
It's possible anywhere where you can get a variable by its string nameexample in jsfunction $name {    return window[name];}a = "b"b = "a"console.logaconsole.log$aconsole.log$$aetc.
Golanggolang.orggocrypt
Programming is a fun hobby but I tried to turn it into my profession and quickly realized I hate programming for money and other people. Is this normal?
Actually, like dis:textbox.AppendTextx.toString;
You're a normal.A normal wanker!!
I've been programming for a while in C# now but never tried compiling something from the command prompt. I tried doing it just now but I don't understand why this isn't working:using System;class Program {    static void Main {        Console.WriteLine"Hello world!";    }}And do: c:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319csc.exe d:\program.csThe error is: "error CS0103: The name 'Console' does not exist        in the current context" and the same thing happens if I explicitly call Console from the System namespace.If I paste the code into Visual Studio it compiles fine. Why doesn't it compile?
Fuck if I know C#, but google yields this: 
Sounds like there's something wrong with your .NET framework. But just to satisfy my autism could yOu add public in the header of he entry method
muh data structuresmuh algorithmsholy fuck i don't understand hash tableskill me
You don't really have to implement your own, unless it's for a class. It's built into a lot of languages, and even with C, you could just use GLibs GHashTable.
Sounds like there's something wrong with your .NET framework.why would it work in visual studio then? doesn't it do the same thing behind the scenes?But just to satisfy my autism could yOu add public in the header of he entry methodstill doesn't work
Key goes in, value goes out. Never a miscommunication.
formuh data structures and algorithms classwe have to build them and do everything manually.No libs allowed
Why not khash?
Never heard of it. It's probably better than reinventing the wheel though.
Maybe if you said what you're having a problem with, people could actually help you with it.
Oh.It's the only one I've had very little experience with. I come from perl where the hashes are a fuckin' cakewalk; I never knew how complicated they actually were.Then again, that goes for.. Pretty much everything when you come from a scripting language. Loving C though.I'm not  by the way, I was just curious why you picked those libs over khash.
i dont really have a question right now i just wanted to share what i'm learning inmuh data structuresmuh algorithmsclassi'll keep that in mind
Let's take our key, right. We're going to put this key into a function that effectively turns it into an integer. If the key way "Apple," let's say thing hashing function gave us 25. Now we have a fairly large array, just large enough to store hash values as needed. At position 25, we're going to put whatever data "Apple" should match up with.
What programming language That is, one that can be easily and readily compiled into desktop applications with a GUI interface is most similar to Ruby?Alternatively:  is there an ASP.NET API I could hook ruby scripts into?
data structures + algorithms = programs
A program without I/O seems like it would be pretty useless.
Worling on a Firefox extension to integrate backtrack image search to the contextual menu.
guy whose only real business with programming is writing shell scripts for crazy things he wants to do on his Linux here. Would this do what I want it to do? #!/bin/bash#save screenshots in order in which they are takenpath = read"enter directory"i = 1 for file in *.png; do    if [ -e $printf "%0.3d.png" i ];        i = $$i + 1;    else scrot -sd 2 -o "$path/$printf "%0.3d.png" $i";done
Arduino's language for its IDE is weird. It's "sort of" C++, but it'll bitch if you make a template function... unless that template function is in a namespace. Also, it has none of the STL, even the functions that don't need memory allocation...I may make a small library for all of the useful functions...
Would this do what I want it to do? It's not even valid bash.
I've never really thought of it, but programming as a career is amazing. Hearing my friends work 8-4:30 jobs in suit and tie is insane.I'm over here working 3-4 hours actual, but chilling the rest basically. You guys ever think we take it for granted?
I'm certainly no Bash wizard, but I'm pretty sure the if statements don't work like that.
That must be due to the me not knowing what the fuck I'm doing. Here is something that I think would look for a temp file that holds a variable, and create one if it doesn't exist. if [ -e path.txt ]; path = path.txtelseecho Enter Directory;path = read $1;mktemp path.txt;echo $path  path.txtDoes it?Also what exactly was wrong with this lineif [ -e $printf "%0.3d.png" $i ];Testing whether or not there exists a file with a filename that would match the output of the printf command?
Fine, whatever.Assignments can't have spaces before the equal sign, otherwise it tries to execute the variable name as a command.That's not even close to the syntax of read.if needs a 'then', also needs to end with 'fi'.In your if exists, you use the the name of 'i' rather than the value. You also don't need the period in your format string.Fixing those errors:#!/bin/bashread -p "enter directory: " pathi=1for file in *.png; do    if [ -e $printf "%03d.png" $i ]; then        let i++    else        scrot -sd 2 -o "$path/$printf "%03d.png" $i"    fidoneYour program is still makes no sense to me. What exactly are you trying to do?
Just started reading head first programming in python. Gonna read a few more books until I got python down pat. What language should I go for next?
C
godlikegod isn't real
i think C also. Python gives you perspective of the high-level side of languages and makes it easy for a beginner, then C will show you the very low-level side
C it is then, hopefully in a few more months. What about Boo?
Or you can just build things in python, why do you want to move from one language to another so fast?
Snaipe, right?
Big boo or gtfo.

unity is a fucking joke
Idk in case I get bored or something.
How do I find people with the necessary skills I need who would be interested in and willing to work on projects with me?
It's supposed to call scrot to save screenshots in a given directory in a sequence such as 001.png 002.png etcSo far I have#!/bin/bash#takes screenshots and saves them in an order starting with 001.png, followed by 002.png etcscrit {i=1;name=$printf "%03d.png" $ifor file in *.png; do    if [ -e "$name" ]; then         let i++     else         scrot -sd 2 $path/$name    fidone };#tests whether there is already a "path" file saved. If not, it makes one. test {if [ -e path.txt ]; then    read path  path.txt;else    echo Enter Variable;    read path;    echo $path  path.txt;fi};while true; dotest; scrit;doneThe test function works and when scrot complains it gets the path and the file right, but why is scrot complaining that it can't save to ~/001.png?
not implementing your own generic hash tables using the efficient FNV1A hashing algo
Is ~ in $path? ~ is only expanded in the shell when used as-is, not from a variable.$ echo ~/home/dev$ path="~"$ echo ${path}~
Post what your project is and state what kind of people you're looking for here.
That was it. I'll need to add a few lines that will test whether the ~ was put there and scold you if itwas.read penal  path.txtif [ $penal = "~" ]; then     echo Please enter full path \/home/user\Also what's a better way to escape an infinitely run bach script? Something like in the first few pages of K&Rint c;while c = getchar != EOF    //do shit
Don't, ./~/ is a perfectly valid directory name. Try it:~/tmp $ mkdir "~"~/tmp $ cd "~"~/tmp/~ $Also [[ $penal == ~* ]] would be the way to do it, if you wanted.bash scripts don't usually operate directly on individual charsalthough it can. More often they use entire lines. To read all input, line by line:while read line; do    echo " ${line}"doneAlso: 
soon gonna start on a js script that removes buzzfeed from my life
P=NP
have degree in mathematicstake java, c#, and sql classes at a local community collegemost jobs require experiencedont know where to go nexthow do i get a job in this field?
Fuck, Lua has got to be one of the worst languages ever.
Lua is fucking great. Your opinions are wrong.
Thank you for the guide. This is going to be a fun night trying to finally get this thing working.
Most renowned researchers disagree. Even people who don't, only do so for the sake of the fact that we should put more study into it than just assume.
lol
tell me more anonecho "127.0.0.1    buzzfeed.com"  /etc/hostsproblem solved
That webm is only half the fun with sound
Yp = Ypp = Ypp/Xpp = 0
Xpp would actually be 1, but yeah, the alpha and delta for *p and *pp are supposed to be different angles than the first ones. I goofed
fixed
I finally finished the basic poker victory simulation, Anybody want to read my shitty code?  It's my first program ever looking to find out what I can do better.
Sure. Congrats.
HelloWording in C# and Xamarin.
Here it is.  All it does is determine if you won or lost a texas hold em hand.  I had started on a basic betting/folding system it's commented out but I haven't really figured where to go in that direction yet. So for now it just runs through a game and tells you if you won or lost.
anyone else doing programming homework?
Not the worst I've seen for a first program.See how you can optimize it. There has to be a ton of ways. I don't know ruby so I can't give you any direct tips.
hey /g/,please suggest a name for my wifi.
Rubbing Rock Raging Cocks
Abraham LinksysPretty Fly for a WiFiFBI Surveillance vanNigga RoachSatan's airwavesGet your own damn wifi
Leave it at default. They'll think you're an unimportant pleb who can't even configure his router.
"I fuck 10 yr olds"
ISIS Sleeper Cell #749
Hardcore CP NAS
get this unfunny plebbit teir shit out of here
8======D
Nigga Roach?
The guy practically had the answer. Just equate the two equations and solve for x. What a retard.
 asks /g/ to name his network calls others plebsDid you ask your mom what kind of router you should get too?
broadcasting your SSID
using some retarded namePic related, just set this baby up a few weeks ago
inconveniencing yourself for no security gain whatsoever
ImBangnUrMom
No, that was my suggestion.
burn the homeless for fuel
it's gotta be fake, what he has is worth at least 50% of the mark, if not more
Onlywhitepls
free wifi
, 

Is RAM the most XXXTREME part of a computer?I can manage with pretty much everything else, but it seems like it's impossible to buy RAM which just looks normal.
hyper x fury is pretty sleek
shitposting ironically is still shitposting
got a couple im my pc, its nice and black without doom spikes an shit
This guide might need updating.
Yeah, I'm thinking of buying a couple since I do stuff which requires that much memory, but I just don't want people in guts threads to laugh at me.
crucial ballistics looks pretty casual and is not stupidly high
It's because its the most "normie" part of a pc. Even my dad upgrades his RAM.
Just click the dang thing on the dang websiteDang old PC Parts Picker or whatever
youre not xtrme
I can still buy Kingston ValueRAM and normal-looking Crucial RAM where I am. HyperX Fury, despite the faggy as fuck name, has sensible-looking heatspreaders
Oh hey, I thought that was just a plastic crown or something. Maybe I'll give it a go, then.
I was given a mobo with 3x4gb of corsair xms3, it's pretty unassuming since it's all black and doesn't have any crazy geometry jutting out from the pcb cover
I bought a pair of these. They were $50 for 2x4GB. Their other products look sweet as well. I sort of accidently made all my parts match, my gigabyte windforce is black/grey, and my mobo is also black/grey. Was just getting the best in my price range and it all matched.
I got ram now I get a billion more fps in minecraft
Damn that's a good looking ram heatsink. Not too ricy
why would it? all of those are still RAM you can buy and they all look pretty much the same as they did then.
but it seems like it's impossible to buy RAM which just looks normal.Impossible? You looked at any low profile module at all?
Is there any difference between this fancy shit and the cheapest RAM?
the cheapest RAM usually is the fancy shit
FrequencyLatencyBandwidth DDR#Operating temperatureNumber of gibibytes
that's pretty funny.
I don't get why hating pizza pineapple is a thing, it's delicious.
you will not survive the winter.
go on pcpartpickerstart a build and select the motherboard in your PCgo to memoryfilter for the type of RAM you want set "heat spreader" to yes, exclude ECC, etc.sort by ascending price/GBgo to the latency slider and reduce the max valuestop when you're not willing to pay moreselect a kit from the search results and add it to the buildmake sure it doesn't flag as incompatibleYou now know how to buy RAM.
crucial ram
HyperX Furyfaggy as fuck namewhat isnt faggy as fuck to you ?rainbow dash moe cutey pie sprinkles ram ?
Don't mind the circlejerking meme lords. They just blindly hate any name/style that sounds remotely "aggressive" or that appeals to gamers.
my RAM. Looks very basic and non-ricey.
"Gentleman!"No seriously they're actually pretty great and cheap aswell.
Just buy Kingston you faggot
Hate these fuckers. Had them running at 1866 CL10 with 1.55V on an ASUS Memetooth. Switched to an even fancier Gigabyte gaymer OC mainboard and now they fail to boot after every possible tiny overclock. Fuck Gigabyte and Crucial
well they're budget RAM sticks, don't expect fancy stuff.
pny xlr8 are nice and minimal, and the 1866 modules can get pretty cheap
bought most cheap crucial ram without radiators, works well, idk why should I buy these overpriced things, in our country, the price usually goes 2x compared with default RAM
Why not just remove the heat sinks
Who cares about how it looks? Don't tell me you're going to buy a case with a ricer window like an autistic manchild?
on /g/not an autistic manchild
recently got a Corsair Vengeance Pro 2133MHz CL9 for dirty cheaponly now realised it's at 1.65V, while Haslel recommended maximum is 1.5VDid I fuck up? Is it safe to leave it at 2133MHz?
I'm making my own 'case', actually. I intend to suspend the components from the ceiling from wires. The wires will be attached to a motor, so as I'm gaming, my components will gently orbit around me.
undervolt it
G.SKILL Ares looks pretty mundane to me.  It's not full-on old-school bare, but it's low-key.Also, it fits under CPU coolers.  I don't understand RAM with huge fins on it when it's most likely going into a system with a big-ass CPU cooler...
Got the same RAM, it's perfect because it doesn't get in the way of those fuck huge air coolers, like the Noctua DH15 or the everyman's CM 212 Evo. All 4 of my RAM slots are filled pretty nicely.
Just buy Kingston Value Ram.Works fine for me.
definitely not, nothing beats proper tactical gaming motherboardi don't understand your problem though. As long as you don't want to god know why spend a lot of money on "performance" ram, you can just buy any cheap heatsinkless ones.
overclocking RAMIt's like you want to be ridiculed.
not overclocking ramhahaha, wow, people like you really exist
thisi bet you faggots don't even overclock nb in your modern motherboards for better performance in games
Get the one with the lowest latencies, and the highest herz.
Those actually look better than 99% of gaying branded DIMMS, even with that weird dragon ? thing. Why aren't heatspreader-less black PCB DIMMS the norm?
corsair vengeance low profile
this is considered low-key
They get too hot
What's not low-key about it?  You don't like the color?Personally, I don't care if the ram is hot pink, as long as it doesn't have those huge, useless "heat spreaders" sprouting out the top.And yeah, a fairly dull anodized orange counts as pretty low-key in my book.  Maybe it has to be "tactical" black for your build?
Hurry, someone warn construction workers that their safety vests are low-key. Lives are at risk!
he likes his ram overheating
It's got huge, useless "heat spreaders" sprouting out the top.
What about pic related
Why are you fucknuggets posting pics of shit and recommending it without actually saying what the fuck it is?No, I don't know what your golden dragon RAM is.It's like you're intentionally trying to inform only those who already have exactly the same knowledge as you.
No it hasn't.
i like mine
Just read the barcode bro
You can't see that enormous orange thing bolted on for no reason?Are you blind?
Ignorant shitter.
How is that 'enormous' or 'huge'?Don't get mad at me because of your poor command of English.
i have those
Why are you fucknuggets posting pics of shit and recommendingNo one is recommending anything. If you had a reading age higher than 8 you'd realise people are just saying they prefer RAM without heatspreaders.ALSO USE GOOGLE REVERSE IMAGE SEARCH IT'S EVEN BUILT INTO THE 4CHAN INTERFACE FOR RETARDS JUST LIKE YOU!
Holy shitPlease post it when it's finished, that sounds fucking cool.
No one is recommending anything.Man, you really want to get into some autism-level semantics, don't you?ALSO USE GOOGLE REVERSE IMAGEOr you fucking retards could just say the name of the RAM you like, instead of making hundreds of other people go through those same stupid steps.You aren't 1337 because you know how to use Google image search.  You're nothing but a bureaucrat creating friction for the sake of friction.Goddamn, this is a shit board.  All you do is pat yourselves on the back for doing completely mundane shit like reverse image searching or installing fucking Linux.
gskill ares is pretty tame looking
herp herp herp you named the probably only twin tower cooler that clears every fucking ram in existence no matter how tall their gaymen heatspreaders are
mfw 32 gigs of Kingston Valueram. :
AMD ram looks nice with an all metal enclosure/heatsink. Way overpriced last time I checked though.
1600 CAS9 VS 1866 CAS10same model & brandwhich is better?
I had them for 4 years now, they are pretty good
go to your local electronics store/websitefind "nXq DDR3" where n is the number of gibibytes you want divided by q, and q is the number of RAM slots on your mobobuy the cheapest available set that isn't unreasonably inexpensiveYou know know how to buy RAM.
cas / frequency * 1000 = latency in nanoseconds iirc
ram is ram, anyone who argues about it is a dunce. ram is probably the least important part of a build.
If RAM is so unimportant, why is it Crucial?
it's crucial in operating the machine, ram brand is unimportant. phrased wrong.
nothing wrong with that, ram is ram
got 2 8gb sticks of these for $75, def like the modest look and design
Look into Mushkin, they are pretty normal
Just buy the cheapest ddr3 ram and get as much as you can afford. All ram is literally the same.
Tactical as fuck ASUS Sabretooth reporting in.
Corsair Vengeance LP looks pretty modest.
I have a set of this coming in soon /g/. How bad did I fuck up?16gbcas 11 11-13-13-311.65v2400mhz It was 25% off and I couldn't help myself. I'm a compulsive deal buyer.
, 
, 
is vlc the best
I like it
Yes
L M A O A Y YM     A Y   YA     M Y Y AO A M LMight aswell use Windows Media Player without the remote functions
For playing corrupt files maybe.I use MPC-BE with madVR.
gstreamer mustard race
Alienware approved
No.Kawaii Codec Pack.
vlcYou seem to have spelled Potplayer wrong.
windows pleb
, 
There are people on /g/ right now that think Steve Jobs didn't change the world.
The question isn't whether or not he did, but whether or not it was for the better.
Reminder that Steve Jobs tried to kill flash.
I don't see much Flash these days anon
I don't see Steve Jobs at all these days.
Soon they will teach classes on how to make decisions like Apple would."What Would Apple Do?" should be a meme already.
first smart phone released in 95Steve Jobs makes one a decade laterhailed as a visionary inventor who changed the worldGlad that faggot died to his own stupidity by not getting proper treatment for his cancer.
kek
It wasn'tSome shit should just stay in fiction

Amazing, people go to a live event to watch it through there screens.Yeah, he sure changed the world for the better...
Reminder that Steve Jobs tried to kill flash.
IM WILLING TO DO THERMONUCLEAR WAR BECAUSE uhh what was it again IS A FUCKING STOLEN PRODUCTAAAAAAAalso fuck off applel shill
He also "invented" tablets a decade late.
This image actually made me really sad
OP didn't say he changed it for the better.It's definitely for the worse.Anyone that owns a fucking mobile device is an idiot.  Nice going, idiots, you fell for Apple's viral marketing bullshit.
There are people on /g/ right now that think Adolf Hitler did something wrong.


There are people on /g/ who actually think Jobs had any technical skills at all and wasn't just a marketing guy.
He changed how easy things were to use and it caught on for the technologically impaired, thus becoming extremely popular, regardless of whether or not it's overpriced.In the end, he hadn't changed the world. Just views on technology.
Glad that faggot died to his own stupidity by not getting proper treatment for his AIDS.FTFY
AIDSHe died to cancer, faggotronus.
Harrison Wells is Steve Jobs. They even look similar and have similar fashion sense.
AndroidSony/Nokia phoneAppleApple apparently owns Sony and Nokia now, just for two examples
AIDS is a type of cancer, moron.
where are you people shitting on new android phone shill threads when one is made literally once every 4 minutes
That's the official story. For real he died on AIDS because he sucked too many afroamerican wee wees.
"Cancer."
This was the first popular smartphone
yes, PC killed him
Steve Jobs was killed by Prostate CancerThe PC killed Steve Jobshow have I not noticed this delicious irony before?
it was pancreatic cancer iircand a rare form that was totally treatable and recoverable
So popular 99% of people don't know what that is
you are 99% of peopleI had a sidekick for a while. It worked well for its time.
Is that what that is? I was a poorfag with no friends, so I never got one.
I'll just leave this here.

So jealous of kids nowadays who will be able to learn using high quality PCs instead of pos dell/hp shit I was forced to use
WHO WAS PHONE?
I would fucking bet that is an art collegeIts chinese, but its a design school
Poor kids, your children, will still be stuck on Windows.Richfags will get to use le FagOS.
Interesting point, never thought of it before, why don't we put the monitor on top of the computer anymore?
He did but he is still a faggot
One of his greatest achievements.Fuck flash and fuck the herpes sore that is anything Adobe puts out for free.
2013 was 8 years agofeels bad, man
B T F OT FO
some shitty art institute with 4 students per classrevolutionary
being so poor that you're this sour grapeat least you'll never get to breed
Tippy top kek
It's just a fad, it will pass.Think about it. All those people are taking the same pictures of the same shit posting them on the same shitty social networking websites claiming like they did something special just because they own a smartphone. The amount of waste generated in producing just the devices themselves is mindblowing. It's only a matter of time before people realize how pointless it all is, and then we can get back to solving real problems.
so butthurt he can't see that there are rows of them, minimum 8
Aids is a type of cancer
Ah yes, larger aperture lens are becoming cheaper and easier to obtain.
implying they don't Try to get MBA. they suck Jobs cock in every class.
It's only a matter of time before people realize how pointless it all isNot fucking likely.I can't wait for the collapse of civilization so everyone with a service job and a meaningless life can revert to fighting each other to the death over scraps, the way God intended.
I know, what do you have to learn from the guy who made the most cashed up company in the history of man kind?
thanks to hitler a lot of countries united to make the world better thanks to steve jobs people can post pictures of their asses to help their self steem and get laid
Previous thread:Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
I need to replace the whole rear LCD cover magnesium? on my x220. Can i do this without disassembling any of the lower half?Related, how painful is the procedure for accessing and re-pasting the CPU heatsink? Temps are stable now but i managed to hit 93 C on a laggy shit Flash webpage
Hackintosh PovertyBook T60 guy from a thread or two ago reporting in.After many, many failed attempts, I finally figured out how to install OSX 10.6.3 and then upgrade it to 10.6.8 without lolkernelpanic.  I disabled all the add-on voodoo shit for sound, etc. during the install.Thinking logically about how in my understanding kexts are extremely version-specific, I should have realized this sooner.  I just know fuck-all about OSX.  Now I just have to find kext versions that work with 10.6.8 to make everything work.Still using my charge-circuitry-borked T60/ATI board waiting for the Intel board to show up.  Then I'll get to do the install all over again.
My T61 has a very yellow and dim screen compared to my X201. Are they all like that?Basically is it worth it to swap the screen?
Replace the backlight
Wouldn't it be easier to just replace the whole LCD?
You could.
My T420 is arriving today... is it easy to hackinthosh? I need an iOS project done for tomorrow, and I'm not sure if I should just rent macincloud or attempt to install OS X
And an entire lid swap is easierIts best that you wait last minute for that hackintosh install!Though it is more work to remove the bottom screws so you can remove the keyboard & bezel to remove the LCD cable, hinges and lid, it makes it easier imo to work on a screen that way.But yeah, its doable, good thing ThinkPad displays go all the way back so you don't have to worry about the LCD falling much.
What is a good place to buy thinkpads in The Netherlands?
Anyone using a T410 with Lunix? Is it worth getting one with an nvidia card? How's the mobile broadband working?
Ok, so I got one of those butterfly keyboard Thinkpads for free 701c.  I didn't realize how sought after they are.  This one's quite the project though. The hinge that controls the keyboard folding was completely broken and pieces are missing, I superglued what's left and it seems to be working good now.  The battery leaked, so had to take that out, showing bad memory on startup. I continued with the boot but it doesn't go any further than the windows 95 loading screen. Just thought I'd show it off.  Think I'm going to just toss it on ebay because I have no use for it.
Well now it seems if I hit f1, esc, or enter it just gives me a black screen now.
It'd probably still fetch a decent sum on ebay if you make the pictures look goodBut the issues would scare away the first handful
Yeah, now that it won't show the windows 95 screen it'll probably scare more away lol. But I got it for a good deal and rather it go to someone willing to put effort into it.
Still looking for an X220 in the UK. eBay has some good listings but generally is pretty overpriced. Anywhere else I can get one from at a reasonable price?
Why ThinkPad? What's so good about them?
IT'S A MEME YA DIP
memes can actually be dank tho
As dank as your dubs?
cheap as fuck usedexcellent build qualityexcellent keyboards --20 models and earlierglorious trackpoint master race input deviceeasy to service and maintaincomfy features like thinklightIt's the best meme. Thinkpads are love.
What about availability outside the US? Can used models be easily found in yurop?
Prices in Europe seem to be a good deal higher than here in the states, but there should still be good deals to be had. You might just have to look longer and harder than you would if you were in the US.
easy to service and maintainI agree. The only thing I really hate about Thinkpads is le epic one RAM DIMM under the keyboard design decision. That's annoying as shit.
Any downsides of the T430s compared to the T430?I can get one for a good price.
Worse battery life but you'll get a HD+ screen for sure.
Thanks. I can live with that. Outlets everywhere.
I have a Dell Vostro 3300 currently, I want to replace it with a Thinkpad if/when it breaks, what model should I get which is roughly similar?I don't care about games and shit, as long as I can have 4gb on it and do some programming and torrenting and watch films I'd be okay.
x230 for $270 in a country where ThinkPads are overpriced as fuck.i5-3320m, 4GB RAM, 240GB SSD, 6cell bat and a power adapter.Should I pull the trigger?Pic rel is my current x120e. E-350 is a pain in the ass.
chiclet keyboardno.
Fuck off nigger.Any other opinions on this?
Would you say a T520 is worth 60 eurobucks more than a T500?
Yep, totally worth it with the SSD.
I'm gonna replace it with my Intel 520 180GB anyway because of hardware FDE.Fuck samshit by the way.
Absolutely, no question. Sandy bridge is much more powerful and is actually usable with a battery.
check local 2nd hand online marketplaceX series for 100-200 yuroswait a sec are you trying to convert me again
I cleaned my X220 keyboard two days ago and let it dry for 48 hours. I plugged it back in today and only the trackpoint and power button work. I can't enter the BIOS because the thinkvantage key does not work and I cannot input keys. Should I buy another keyboard?
sorry, the trackpoint does not work, but the leds work
8710w
hey /g/uyswhat is the best Intel Penryn/Merom line CPU I can put in my R61i?And is the middle button really only supposed to be for scrolling and not clicking?
Is it ok to buy a T60 for programming?i just want a thinkpad
bump
Yeah, a T60 will serve you fine. Ideally you'd want one with the 1600x1200 screen but you can program on literally anything.
T8300 is best price/performance is the middle button really only supposed to be for scrolling and not clicking?Yes
thanks anon, it's a 1400x1050 t60
thankI'll get a X9000
what distro should i go for ?inb4 T40
That's a good deal, anon. Nice.Ignore le thinkpad keyboard purists. tbh the only thing I hate about the new keyboard design is the placement of keys. Literally no business moving around the scrnshot and pg up/down keys where they are.Tbh I find it more comfortable to type on than my x220.
So apparently the screw on my x220 tablet is too fucking long and it is pushing against my keyboard making the J key and it's area hard to push. Where the fuck do I get a better screw for this? Is t here another solution? Are the screws just different sizes or what?
what the fuck happened to Lenovo's websitehref="#p48295723" class="quotelink"Which screw? One that holds the keyboard?Those screws should be the same size as the palm rest screws. If it is longer then someone screwed up.You could just take one out of the palm rest and put it in the keyboard hole. The palm rest has like 5 screws anyways, not really necessary.
Just cut the screw.
Oh yeah okay, I'll try that when I get home Also what the fuck happened it looks like Etsy or some shit
My X201 Tablet Thinkpad overheats all the time. Get a reset whenever I compile code and CPU temp goes up to 100 C. ;_; Tried to find fixes, but only solution right now is to set fan level to 7 or disengaged and hope it doesn't reset.
X220 IPS, i7-2640M, 850 Pro SSD, UltraBase Series 3. I'll upgrade RAM later because this only contains 4GB of it. I'm quite happy with this thing.
what's your idle and load temps like?
Are those UltraBases worth the money?
After 5 minutes I launched this thing:acpitz-virtual-0Adapter: Virtual devicetemp1:        +36.0°C  crit = +99.0°Cthinkpad-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterfan1:           0 RPMcoretemp-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterPhysical id 0:  +36.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0Core 0:         +36.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 1:         +35.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCompiling retroarch, mpv and having web browser launched up:acpitz-virtual-0Adapter: Virtual devicetemp1:        +78.0°C  crit = +99.0°Cthinkpad-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterfan1:        3880 RPMcoretemp-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterPhysical id 0:  +80.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 0:         +80.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 1:         +74.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CIt seems I have to make fan control a bit more aggressive under a load.. I wonder if that's healthy.I think you can live without them just fine. I got this cheap. If I have to mention something; it contains 4xUSB3 ports and a DVD drive.
Is the t440 a decent replacement for a dell latitude?
Can a 2TB HDD work in a T500?Or should I go with a smaller SSD?
That's pretty good the ultrabase. When I get my X220 I'll have a look around for a cheap one
Can a 2TB HDD work in a T500?As long as it's 7mm or 9.5mm and not 12.5mm, yes.Or should I go with a smaller SSD?Get both, hdd goes in the caddy.
Ssd for boot speed, HD if that's your only computer
Pretty good. How much did you spend overall and how's the battery life
four usb 2.0 portspls respond /g/ents
I just got issued T440 at work.Why is it so slow compared to my 7 year old C2D?Why is that touchpad so shitty?Why does the display lose colour accuracy when tilted just slightly? I thought this was supposed to be IPS?I am dissapoint.
tbh I'd just get another Dell Latitude if you want something newer. T440 has a really poor touchpad with no buttons, and it isn't hard to get used to but it isn't ideal.
Hey guys. I'm interested in getting a T61 or T61p. Problem is I'm looking for a 14" with a Penryn processor which they are meant to come with and there doesn't seem to be any on eBay. I can't see any whatsoever with Penryn processors actually. So my question is: where can I find a T61 with Penryn? I'm in the UK if that helps. I'd also like to ask if there's any way to get a T61p without any risk of the GPU failing. Thanks guys.
Because CPU doesn't matter, storage device does.Because you should be trackpoint master race, and the T440's trackpoint sucks any way so it sux2buBecause not all Thinkpads are IPS, some are still 768p TN
It's easy if you know what you're doing
Why is it so slow compared to my 7 year old C2D?chinksWhy is that touchpad so shitty?chinksWhy does the display lose colour accuracy when tilted just slightly? I thought this was supposed to be IPS?chinks
Whenever I try to "restart" my x220, it shuts down then the screen and all LEDs just stay off.  The fan is still running gently. Why is it doing this?Also, startup time from my SSD power button to login screen is 2-3 minutes but at least once like  25 seconds.Please help me i'm about to strangle this thing
So I recently came into possession of a Thinkpad T400 for free. It has a 2.53 GHz P9500 processor, the ATI HD3470 graphics card now useless for just about anything other than Chinese cartoons, 6GB of RAM and a 500 GB 7200RPM hard drive. In other words, it's pretty loaded. Battery even lasts 3 hours with the shitty 3-cell. I was previously using a shitty Toshiba Satellite, and the construction quality of the T400 is absolutely awe-inspiring in comparison.The computer also came with the fuckbright 670-nit screen, which from my understanding is pretty rare. And it's seriously fucking bright, like full-on broad daylight does nothing to this screen's readability. The only issue is that it's 1280x800; I cannot be productive on the go and when it's on the dock I end up gravitating towards the 1080p display I have plugged into the VGA port which the main laptop easily outshines on full brightness. But that resolution is so terrible. Is it worth it and doable to swap out this display for a 1440x900 one?
Yes! Two generations newer, better battery life, better performance.14" T60 was my favorite, if only it was IPS.The keys aren't that fucking bad, I admit it is a but awkward to type on a X130e but the T420, 11e is OK, got used to the layoutI embrace the botnet though.Because your work has backdoors and keyloggers, good guy.There might be a UK/EU seller on the ThinkPad forums that will sell you a legit 08/08 date model. You pay enthusiast prices or deals.
The 1440x900 display may not be that be that bright but it will make a difference, I've had a display before and it does look OK compared to shit WXGA
The screw hole for the hard drive bay in my t60p got stripped and now the screw is very loose. How can I fix it?
Cheapest business class thing to get as a drawing tablet? HP and Dell are fine too.Something is wrong with your shit. Startup time for my t410 with a ssd is under 20 seconds. Over half of that is the POST.
Replying to my own post. Looks like a Dell Latitude XT is pretty damn cheap and works decently with loonix.
got a brand new dell precision m2800 for work and it's awful.  Everyone got thinkpad but i'm the first wave to get the new Dells.  They are moving away from Thinkpads :
And an entire lid swap is easierYou could also just buy another machine....[in all seriousness, a lid swap is likely to get you another dim, yellowed, worn out backlight]
Replying to my own post again, the XT has a damn 1.8" zif ide hard drive. Stupid obsolete incompatible dead-end tech bullshit. Let's find a different tablet convertible to get!
anyone diy'd this before?
Are T61 widescreens with Core 2 Duo 1.8GHZ a good work/general fucking around laptop for like £60?
I found a T400 with an LED backlit 1440x900 display. It is also bright as fuck FYI
I've got a T400 with a 1280x800 CCFL, would the LED improve battery life at all?
IT WAS TOTALLY INVISIBLE HOWS THAT POSSIBLE? THEY USED THE EARTHS MAGNETIC FIELD X THE INFORMATION WAS GATHERED AND TRANSMITTED UNDERGRUUND TO AN UNKNOWN LOCATION X DOES LANGLEY KNOW ABOUT THIS? THEY SHOULD ITS BURIED OUT THERE SOMEWHERE X WHO KNOWS THE EXACT LOCATION? ONLY WW THIS WAS HIS LAST MESSAGE X THIRTY EIGHT DEGREES FIFTY SEVEN MINUTES SIX POINT FIVE SECONDS NORTH SEVENTY SEVEN DEGREES EIGHT MINUTES FORTY FOUR SECONDS WEST X LAYER TWO
What
What the fuck is part 4? BERLIN CLOCK?
BAGEL
Dont to meth, kids.
/x/
Those fucking idiots don't do anything but roleplay skinwalker shit.Thought I'd give it a try here... surprised nobody knows Kryptos.Actually /sci/ has crypto types right?
Hey /g/uys, quick question here, can a .wmv contain a virus? Downloaded "Mr. Robot episode 2" off tpb was pumped and didn't think to check if it had been released, had 1200 seeders. Folder contained a .wmv 290ish mb and a .text which said it was encoded using a recent codec and as such should be run in windows media player which would auto update. Ran the file in wmp and it downloaded the codec, tried to run it and computer noped, said it needed to shutdown to enable user privileges or something like that. Anywho I then googled to discover the torrent had been removed and episode 2 had not yet been released. Deleted the file, deleted the codec had to stop xvid process to do so, ran ccleaner, ran avg free, which found nothing but I'm suspicious.Did I dun goof /g/?
enjoy your rootkit nuke your shit from orbit
trying to watch tv show about computer virusesend up installing a computer virusesWay to go /g/
Your os is kill
It should be noted that the codec download was done automatically by wmp within wmp, not via a website. Is it possible to install a virus in this way can a .wmv direct wmp to an untrusted site?
yes
2013+2Downloading .wmv formatSeriously
Yes it's 100% possible, I remember downloading .WMV porn files back in the Kazaa fad, most of them has DRM and other embed software/shit.
FUCK OF SHILLthat show is shit and gtfo this board already
hence why wmp is so unpopular
damnit, looks like I'm reinstalling then ;_;ohwell, I've been meaning to switch back to based ubuntu for a while now anyway. Am I gonna have to wipe my external aswell guys? file was on there
 codec update requires a you to do anything related to changing permissions or securityOh, that was not a smart thing to do.Download Sophos root kit suite and run it.Then download malwarebytes and run it.Then run a full scan with avg.And you MIGHT be ok.Just bear in mind, if you're rootkitted, reinstalling the OS won't save you...you HAVE to get rid of the rootkit first.Good luck.
DBan.OP stick to Ubuntu. My old folks are using it for 3+ years.no virusesno toolbarsSeriously use Ubuntu.
dban doesn't help with nasty shit hiding in firmware / bios. Granted, I'm sure OP doesn't have anything close to that level of sophistication. Just saiyan
will do, thanks.I don't think I actually ran the codec btw, due to the windows pop-up saying I had to restart first to change permissions
one last thing, just checked and it asked me to restart to turn off 'user account control'
last last thing, sorry guys I realize everyone may have left. Downloaded file onto a laptop, put on a usb, transferred it to an external via my computer, and then ran the file on this computer 3rd one. Will the first 2 be ok as the file was not run, or will they need work aswell?
do anything fancy and overwrite with 35 passes. One pass is enough! One pass-pseudorandom.
Just wanted to swing by and say thanks to everyone who helped me understand building a PC yesterday. Just ordered it and it should all arrive by Monday.I know I went with a much bigger case than I needed, but I figured it'd last me a few builds into the future as I upgrade.Will post pics of the completed build when its all said and done, and if anyone has any build advice for me, I'll be happy to hear it.
I've only built one pc before, but here's a few things I found.Ethernet is master race. I've used wifi with a 2 foot distance between the router and device and it sucked. Gigabit ethernet is god.Assemble everything on the motherboard box first and do a test run of the system. get to the bios and make sure everything is in order before shoving everything into the case. I didnt do that, and had to pull off my heatsink to get at the ram to find a faulty stick. not fun to do while its in the case.
and if you can't connect directly to your router with ethernet look into Powerline Adapters, next best thing before wireless.
got cucked into buying AMDkek
Doesn't look like too bad of a build, m9. I wasn't in the old thread, but just the parts list looks pretty sweet.Old mate  is right with the testing thing. I didn't do that, and luckily there were no issues, but it's always better to figure out that there's a problem BEFORE you put the last screw into place.Also, if you have time, grab an anti-static strap. It's by no means a necessity, but if you can swipe one from somewhere, it's nice for a bit of peace of mind.
I've had mixed luck with them. Sometimes they gave me a 200 mbps connection, other times it gave me 13 mbps.I jus bought a 150' roll of cat6  ethernet and put that in my house. works wonders.
Can we not make this thread, just this one thread, about a brand war?
buying gpu when the new series is just around the corner
It's too late now..$235 is overpriced for an R9 280X when you could have gotten an R9 290 for nearly as much money. Yes, Vapor-X is a very good cooler, but the Tri-X is still great but only $190.supply is a bit overpriced, there are plenty of other semi/fully modular models for less that are well built.really? $84 for a wifi adaptor? Something cheaper like this Gigabyte 2x2 adaptor would have done the job just fine for nearly 1/3rd the price.you went with some of these cheaper suggestions, you could have saved some money or put it to use elsewhere.
I use Powerline, and it's excellent, but since I'm in Australia, I get a max of 15mbps internet, so my 100mbps Powerline is using about 15% of it's ability anyway.
This.Since this is you first, it's really important to have the antistatic strap. Accidents happen. If you have time, watch one of JewTechTips building video. Test it always.
I don't have an option for ethernet seeing as I rent a room and the guy was very adamant about not running wires to the second floor. I respect the house rules, so the purchase really doesn't bother me, given it's $90 price tag. Yes, there are cheaper options, but I've bought cheap beforei'm on it now and I've regretted it. Peace of mind, I suppose.I will order an Anti-Static Strap right away, thanks!I was told to be patient, but I just don't have it in me. Even so, I was going to pay a premium since all of it was bought from Amazon anyway12 month financing on my card and all and I have gift cards left over from Christmas, so it alleviates the higher cost.
Why by Haswell and R9 2xx today when Skylake and R9 3xx is just around the corner?
seeI should note that I don't have any games newer than 2013, so having something more powerful now doesn't really matter to me. I stay out of the multiplayer scene so staying competitive isn't really on my priorities list. Two years from now, I'll upgrade a few parts and start playing the backlog from 2014-2016 that I'll accrue from future sales.
If WiFi isn't your thing and ends up providing sub-standard ability, look into Powerline as we've mentioned. It's rather good, rather cheap, and there's minimal cables.You planning on overclocking anything?
My PC is getting outdated and I could really use another one. How's this look? Most of it is str8 Logical Incriments, but I'd like to know if any of you had different opinions about it.
I'll look into it, and the WiFi is pretty good here, just my shitty Netgear WNDA3100v2 has a myriad of connection issues.As far as overclocking, once I get a bit more comfortable with the machine I'll dabble in it, but I'm afraid I'd break something if I do it just starting out.I'm really doing this because about ten years ago I wanted to get into electronics and software engineering, but a bunch of bad life choices by myself and others lead me down a different path. I'm twenty-five now, and starting life over, and hoping to hit the books on this new career path of mine hard, and I'm actually excited for the first time in years! I'm looking into "Make:Electronics" kits and their corresponding books, as well as Snap Circuits, which I can use with this new computer to try out different programs.
Well, you've bought a K processor, so if you DON'T overclock it, you are literally wasting its potential. Overclocking on K series CPUs is easy as piss, and if you don't touch the voltages, safe as well.It's literally just enter bios, change multiplier, reboot system. Does it work? Yes? Cool! Bump up the multiplier again. No? Shit, knock down the multiplier and reboot.Once you've found a multiplier that works, just run something like Prime95 for several hours to stress-test it. My i5-3570K, stock 3.4GHz is running silky stable at 4.2GHz on air, but I've heard of people getting them higher to 4.5, 4.7, or the fabled 5GHz on water, of course.
Do you have a recommendation on a good guide for a first-time overclocker? Not that I haven't already saved your post to a text file, but additional reading can't hurt.
Wait till 390/Fury hits.Those might offer good competition at lower prices.
Hahaha, just Google "how to overclock CPU". There are a TON of first-time guides out there. When you get more confident, you can dick around with voltages if you want, but in that direction lies potential permanent CPU damage.
no h8
get the processor from herebuilding something similar, but its in a fractal r5 case
Why is Amazon so overpriced with its GPU's? Like $50 to $100+ more.
Still doesn't make any fucking sense.
Well, I'll learn and we will all look back on what a fucking retard I was in 2015 when I first started. Great stories will be had, and I'll probably be tripfagging and have a youtube channel, too.
280xlmfao
listen to You will need to get comfortable with tweaking voltages if you want to find the potenial max OC of your chip. The good news is that there is nothing to worry about in terms of permanent damage to your chip with modern CPUs and as long as you follow and read trough the guide you should have a complete understanding on how to manually OC on Haswell.If you are just looking for a simple and low OC, you can just tweak the CPU ratios or alternatively have AI Suite III do it for you, as it does reasonably well for OC in the 4-4,2 range.
Permanent damage is always a possibility dude. There's never 'nothing to worry about' when dicking about inside a computer. Messing around with voltages is fine, but what I was saying is that it's possible to get stable and acceptable overclocks without touching it. If you want to reach the potential max OC, then sure, have it, but for me, personally, I'm happy with 4.2 and leaving the volts where they are.
I know I went with a much bigger case than I needed, but I figured it'd last me a few builds into the future as I upgrade.Was about to point it out, but okay, you actually have a reason.R9 280xCould have gotten an r9 290/290x but okay, you already bought it.Install the standoffs in the case before you put in the mobo.Ground yourself before handling the parts. Simply touching a metal doorknob works. And don't wear socks. For God's sake find a fucking clean place to put it all together.Reminder to hold the CPU by the edges.RAM sticks are supposed to click into place. Seat them properly. Same with the GPU.You don't need all the thermal paste that comes with the 212 cooler. Find a pea and approximate the size. Don't get any too close to the sizes. You don't need to spread it yourself either, the pressure and weight from installing the cooler will do the job.Alternate between screws when using the screwdriver when installing that cooler, don't focus on one screw going all the way in at a time, you'll see why when you get it.Read the manuals.
r9 290xHaving to purchase it all on Amazon for the financing, I couldn't justify the markup Amazon puts on the 290 series. The one I got was the best price for what I could get on Amazon within my budget. When I'm in a better financial situation in the future, I won't be tethered to one online store.
Looks like a decent build, other than overpaying for your video card, and buying a god damn full tower case.But Itll be great.
One small advantage to a full tower is plenty of airflow. I wonder if OP thought full tower was the size of the prebuilts he usually sees in retail stores.
Nah, I knew it was going to be huge, but I also wanted it to last me a few more builds, so for the price it seemed fine.
One small advantage to a full tower is plenty of airflow.Only if he adds fans in correctly.I just looked up the dimensions.He is gonna feel like a retard when he realizes its 2 fucking feet tall, and 2 foot long. Its the size of a mini fridge
Size has no bearing on how long you can use it.
If he crams in all the fans the tower allows it won't be a mini fridge any longer.
For a first build it's not an uncommon mistake. Better this than trying to fit an ATX mobo in a mini ITX case.
He'll be ready to game in no time!
Again, I know how big it is. When I actually can afford to cram the thing full of top tier parts in the future, I'll already be familiar with the case.It comes with three, the graphics card has three, and I bought one. Seven isn't enough? Should I get that h100 water cooler too?
Of course it doesn't, but going big does mean you're less likely to run into limitations if larger components come out when you want to upgrade. I'm not saying it's a likely scenario, but it is possible.
What if OP tried water cooling?
It comes with three, the graphics card has three, and I bought one. Seven isn't enough? Should I get that h100 water cooler too?You'll be fine. Don't be anxious, anon. We're just poking fun at your mistake. It's not like your build is going to suddenly catch fire and turn into an oven.Have some Calvin and Hobbes to calm down.
When I actually can afford to cram the thing full of top tier parts in the future, I'll already be familiar with the case.
Not to mention that since he is getting a big ass Sapphire GPU the extra room is one less worry out of his mind.
Not a problem dude. I got a full tower for myself as well. The parts inside are fairly small, but knowing that I can fit larger ones inside giggity is nice.
Damn who got dem pents
, 
Hey /g/, I recently got the Nexus 5 and I'm wondering what your thoughts are on the phone if you have it? Also post your cool phone home screens n shit
build quality could be betterbattery sucks camel dick since Lollipop.otherwise good phone for a good price. I've had mine since December 2013, and i'm running Android M.
Got mine last September, had some antenna problem that wouldn't give me signal, had to get it replaced. Since then I haven't had any problems until android 5.0 and its bugs, like disappearing buttons or it freezing. Got android 5.1.1 two weeks ago and still have the disappearing buttons bug, but it's more stable than before. The phone is good quality and doesn't burn my hands when I use it for a long time like my older shitty phones so that's good. Its a good phone for a decent price. Is android M stable enough to use daily?
What the fuck happened to the one plus two press event on the 1st of june?There's NOTHING that came out of that? Did they hype up a press event to announce to tell us it's going to released later this year? No specs? No sneak peaks? no fucking anything?da fuck
about to pull the trigger on thisI think it's the best sub 4.7" phone on the market, rite?
My finger is already on that trigger for a long time, I'm too worry about the buyer remorse on it. Great battery life, but will Sony abandon it with no android M?
Should have bought an LG G2, OP. It's everything the Nexus 5 was supposed to be and a whole lot more.
so, how is the note 4 ?
I really want a decent Android phone, still using an i5, just switched to T-Mobile. Looking at these currentlyXperia Z3/Z3+OnePlusTwo or OnePlsuOneProject Ara if it has any kind of release this yearMaybe a Xiaomi if their Mi 5 has US band support or an Mi 4iIf it supports US LTE bands and is decent I'm interested.
Got a LG G2 for €30 broken screen + 40 of the screen replacement, and I'll finally retire my Nexus 4 also broken screen but this one works.
lg g2 feels fantastic and is cheap as fuck.
I've got pic related because I'm poor and it just werks. Front camera is fucking shit but I'm not a normie so I don't take selfies.It's also pretty strong, I have dropped it a few times and it fell on the toilet once, still as strong as when I bought it.
I have a droid turbo on jewrizon, which is projected to get lollipop 5.1 on he tenth. What to expect, /g/?
Looks okay if a bit older, though price isn't really that much of a concern for me as long as it's not retardedly expensive. To be honest I'd prefer something a bit newer. Wondering if the Moto X is any good.
what I love about it is how thin are it's bezels and how comfortable it is. It feels right, at least for my hands.
Isn't that basically the only good by that I mean flagship specs sub 5" phone besides the Galaxy Alpha and the i6?Consider how the original Xperia Z is getting 5.0, I'd think Sony won't abadon the Z3C with no M
not getting an lg g3 when best buy amazon and target offer it basically for freeAw shit nigga what are you doing?
is moto x 1st gen any good?
Save your shekels and get a 2nd gen
Consider how the original Xperia Z is getting 5.0, I'd think Sony won't abadon the Z3C with no MThis is an important factor. Companies don't really consider it too important for the costumer, but YES IT IS.In '87, Huey released this-- Fore, their most accomplished album. I think their undisputed masterpiece is "Hip To Be Square." The song's so catchy, most people probably don't listen to the lyrics. But they should, because it's not just about... the pleasures of conformity and the importance of trends. It's also a personal statement about the band itself. Hey, Paul ! Try getting a reservation at Dorsia now, you fuckin' stupid bastard ! You fucking bastard !

I had the Nexus 4 and the Nexus 5 and I can say without a doubt that they are the best versions of Android you can get.That being said, camera is universally weak. Even the N6 is lower tier budget phone.Everything else is stellar. Software, proc, screen, build design and quality more so the N4 than the N5. Damn I love the looks of the N4.My only complaints with the N5 as far as build goes are A the plastic rim around the edge can get little dents, looks kinda bad but nothing noticeable until you see it. B The plastic back on the white is slippery and on both they're kind of... flexy.
G4 or Nexus 6? I've been using Nexii for the last few years. Kinda gotten used to the whole nilla Android.Opinions?
Had the Nex 5 before I switched to iPhone. Good phone, good SW, build quality was a little sub-par. Cheap materials.
Nexus 6 is way too big to be usable.
Not the same anonWhat size do you likeThoughts on The Moto X/Droid Turbo
I have an n5. I really like it except for the cruddy camera focus and the shit battery life. Luckily its a fast charger. Also my power button broke where it gets stuck in the held down position causing shut downs and bootloops. Not sure how much it'll be to repair but that seems like the only option as my warranty is up.
Still looking around trying to find something decent that was or will be released this year. Anything around 600 USD or less unlocked, or if I could get it on T-Mobile. Looking for a decent phone running as close to stock Lollipop as I can get or a respectable alternative with decent specs and compatibility with all US LTE bands.
I've been using M on my Nexus 6 and it's definitely stable enough for a daily driver.
Oh one more thing, will 2gb of ram be a problem in the future?
who /coreboot/ here?
his bios doesn't support libreboot yet
Standardized BIOSAmerican Megatrends needs their teeth kicked in, good on them
, 
hey /g/. do modern motherboards with the combo ps2 port not support keyboards with 5 pin to ps2 adapters? i know i had a board a couple years ago that it worked on but it had seperate ps2 ports. Pic related is the keyboard im trying to use
Probably not. Another issue that old keyboards draw more power than many newer PS/2 ports can provide. The way to use it will be to get a PS/2 to USB converter.
i wasnt sure if that would work going 5 pin ps2 usb
It won't.
thats what i figured. guess its time for a new keyboard
Yes it will retard, otherwise I wouldn't have suggested it.
5 pinDIN say DIN next time
  R U dumb?
If it's XT, it won't work without an active adapter. If it's AT, it could work with a passive adapter, but you have to watch current draw.
Need a freesync IPS 2k 27" monitor with a refresh rate 30hz - 144hz.Will there be anything close to this in 2015?
What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to start[YouTube] WEB DEVELOPMENT - SECRETS TO STARTING A CAREER in the Web Development Industry embed[YouTube] WATCH THIS IF YOU WANT TO BECOME A WEB DEVELOPER! - Web Development Career advice embedLearning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.md embedUseful toolsembed- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentembedHow I Got a Job in Web Development
A simple JSON API.
Can someone help me out? How can I fix this css dropdown menu? So that if you aim at Google, it says Gmail below it.All my attempts to position it properly seem to fail.
To add: my goal is to add top: 50px; to .subdropdown1But the problem is .navbar has overflow:auto which hides all overflow.But if I disable that overflow control, the bar breaks.
What I can use to sort HTML table from the front-end ?I'm using Bootstrap + php for the back-end 
I have no idea what your question is. You can sort html tables with html.
Making mockup sites for local businesses to help myself come up with ideas that I might approach them with.
I'm creating a store app and I'm stuck on authentication, should I just use simple password hashing or should I use a library like oauth or open id?
I applied for this entry level job that I talked about here last friday. Waiting for a reply now. I'm sure the interview process will be hard and probably coupled with a few tests since it's a fairly 'big' company. I should be practicing my ass off and reading up on all kinds of things before I get an actual reply, but I just end up doing nothing.I wish I wasn't such a lazy motivationless piece of shit.
The code is all-round shitty.Use display: inline-block rather than float: left for your nav items.Also you have div  p inside your a/, which is technically valid in HTML5 but again, shitty.Also name your classes better.There's plenty of css-only dropdown menus around the web. Take one of those and learn from it.
You can put all your entries into an array and use array.sort but this will cause your page to freeze with large tabels
It's part my first attempt to make a proper css website. So I've got no clue yet what good or bad practises are. But I appreciate the tips.I searched for drop down menu's online, but I didn't really understand what was going on. So I figured I'd learn more by making one myself. But I still miss something, so I guess I'll have to look again.
Ever heard of pagination?
Lets say you have a list of 1000 entries paginated every 100 entry, and you sort the first 100, is it really sorted? You still have to sort the whole list and then get the firsts 100.And its not like your moving the elements every sort step, you clone the table sort it then replace so its no difference in DOM manipulation.
I don't know the exact scenario, but wouldn't you sort it in your initial query?
Guy who built the c# json server here, got the ip add and port changing without throwing an exception and I didn't seem to sacrifice any speed. Twas a true and honest challenge. Still peaking around 15k, with the odd 18k in there.Now, I'm wondering if it's best to store and handle the actual json with mongodb? As in my server can do all the authentication and shit, then just send it off to mongodb if anything actually needs to be stored long term. I do want to replicate the full crud experience.I do like scalability and I'd like to use a nosql database I guess. Just no sql no exceptions.
but wouldn't you sort it in your initial querybingoif the table is guaranteed to be small and not paginated you can sort it client-side with jquery. for example 
Are amateurs welcome too?
There is no reason to use mongodb unless you are Google or Facebook that do multi-million requests per second. The benefit of nosqls like mongodb is that you get no confirmation if the post has been created or not so you can just mash in the requests. this what I've been told at leastFor small scale to corporation you should just use some form of sql. I use sqlite for all my hobby projects since it requires no extra server you just write to a binary file.If you are on node I highly recommend Sequelize for speaking with your db.
we desktop thread now
not using BEM conventions for the css classesnot using postcss/sass/less/stylusnot using SMACSS for your css filesthat page is not responsive2015 and still using floatnot using any glorious framework like jeetGs or sussyKill yourself
BEMMy niggah, I constantly get people moaning about my css class nameswhats with the weird underscores loll
using shitty css preprocessors
not having variables, mixins, imports, utility functions, math, etc, etcIt's like you want to work slower
Confirmed for being an outdated old faggot. I bet you are still using IE5
Are you trying to make a Steam knock off page to bait fools into giving away their info or what?Also I'd love that CSS and layout, I can use it for a joke myself.
Not node, already said I'm using c#. I like doing it myself, there's more achievements. And I really do want to avoid sql.
Get avoiding sql out of your head, nosql is just buzzwords.Here is probably what you want 
And I really do want to avoid sqlthen gamedev or embedded programming would be good areas for you to switch to, because the correct way to do applications that depend on persistent data is to embrace sqlthe only valid usecase for nosql is when you really can't avoid having dynamic/unstructured schema
Anyone familiar with Node.js with Express?What is the best way to learn it? I usually learn best from videos, but I noticed they are usually old, or just generally shitty.I just need a simple project, or maybe a short but decent book to get started with
I just watched videos and played around with it myself. Then googled stuff that came up.It's probably best with a book though, there is always stuff that videos doesn't bring up.
Yeah. The toughest thing is thinking of a small project to make to build on. I dont know a lot of backend, and APIs dont interest me, so its tough finding something easy but fun haha
Can't go wrong with a personal blog/portfolio.
Fair enough. Im learning to hopefully become backend with some frontend knowledge. I wouldnt say fullstack, because that is a lot of work to get there by the end of the year.What kind of backend could I use on a portfolio site? Something small like a email contact form or something is all I could think of
Have an admin page where you can log in and make blog posts. Add support for markdown.
Hmm. Sounds neat, ill look into it. I havent had much experience with CMS before, so I would have to make a custom one right?
datatables
r e t a r d
BEMSUITCSS conventions are superior.
// BEM.person{}.person__hand{}.person__hand--closed{}.person-more-words__hand--open{}// SUITCSS.Person{}.Person-hand{}.Person-hand--closed{}.PersonMoreWords-hand--open{}// Ideal ?.Person{}.Person_hand{}.Person_hand-closed{}.PersonMoreWords_hand-open{}Not sure which I prefer to be honest. I like that BEM has a clear separation of part and modifier instead of one hyphen or two.
Have you tried using "!important" that sometimes solves conflicting issues like that. I know it probably isn't the "right" way to solve it but I think it may work.
Opinions on meteor? I'm a Rails dev and the whole NoSQL thing terrifies me. Can I just do joins in mongo these days?
meteorbretty gudmongo:
!important is essentially necessary for wrestling the clusterfuck that is CSS into submission in some circumstances.
Adding eTag generation to an Express web server module.
You what
The default does not cut it, because it is tied to the res.send and co methods by hashing the full response. I pipe my HTML strings into the response object as they are retrieved from the DB and rendered, so the eTag needs to be set before the piping starts.
If you are a Rails guy you should look in the direction of Elixir, not Node. Don't bother with NoSQL unless you do specialized real-time stuff, e.g., leaderboards. Learn how to store JSON in Postgres.
Cheers m8. If I'm building a separate API to client front end then I might as well stick with Rails and something like angular. Quite liked the idea of having it all in one language that handles sockets and data updates though.
susy vs bourbon/neat vs skeleton?
So, does my 4chan clone work okay?spam it too much or I'll make you do food captchas.
Going to a job interview.Junior .NET ASP devAny recommendations what I should revise and check out ?
using var
Kinda boring without the source to look at.
You need an auto-update feature. Unless it already has it built in, and I cant see the count down
I might make a Github but I won't be including any of the crypto/moderation/user account stuff.Nope, fancy JS features are the next item on the list.
but I won't be including any of the crypto/moderation/user account stuff.Why not? Everyone else has.
Anyone here from Boston?
Haha, sounds good. I always browse with the auto-update feature on. Makes life a lot easier when not paying attention
Rails master race reporting in
Can any one please recommend a good database for storing sensor data from thousand of devices in real time?
The frontend code is more interesting anyway, and I've got no plans to make this a released/maintained imageboard distribution. I'd prefer if the internals were kept secret like 4chan's.
They aren't exactly a secret considering everyone and their mom has reimplemented them similarly multiple times.
What is the best practice regarding CSS selectors?I've been taught that shit like "body main content section article div {background: butt.jpg}" is better than ".butt {background: butt.jpg}" but this here article says that IDs and classes are much more performant:again, the article was written 4 years ago. Has anything changed?
Riak
lol is this a reference from that video promoting a bootcamp?
Keep your selectors flat, look into BEM a naming conventionare only for unique things, they are not a performance choice.
Absolute beginner here. Started with ASP.net since i knew c# since before. When I have completed a project with database and all...how/what do I do? All I keep seeing is deploy it via Azure but it seems to cost quite a bit. Since I have a database on my computer, and my computer is not a server, I suppose I need the hosting company to mirror my code and my DB and run it on theirs? What do you guys do? I think I'll want to deploy / try a number of different websites but since most of them are shit I don't want to be paying for it, atleast not too much
Ayo does anyone have any good stories about winging it for a Junior Dev job? I have a lib arts degree and a github with some cool shit. Don't wanna burn my bridge and not get it since I live in a smallish town.
What?
Rent a VPS.
So I just got my A+ and I'm about to start working helldesk at HP. I figured I would do my best to at least last six months there, get my Net+ for free, of course, and spend an hour or two each night after work flipping through odin project and other things so that I can attempt to switch into dev with at least a little bit of relevant experience. Good plan or naw
Dropdowns can be awkward at first. I made one for you though, and I separated the styling from the hover mechanics in the stylesheet.enabled SCSS sass preprocessor so that you can see how all my declarations nest within each other, instead of looking at a mile-long stylesheet and guessing at how things inherit.First thing to do with stuff like this is set up your hover logic, and then style from there./* display logic */nav{ ul{ li ul{ display:none; ul{ display:none; } } li:hover{ ul{ display: block; ul li{ display:none; } } ul li:hover{ ul li{ display:block; } } } }}
Laravel or Zend?
Node.js
How do you guys stay focused?I have a tough time staying focused. I tried the 25 minutes of working, 5 minutes of break, but that doesnt seem to do much.Also, what kind of music do you listen to while developing?
weed and a shit ton of coffee
Haha, I dont smoke, but I do drink a fair amount of coffee.
Yeah coffee always helps me. Also I've only been doing web dev for 5ish months now buts its starting to become a serious hobby for me. Since I just really like doing it I don't mind just going at it all day.
Ive been programming for like, 3 years, but never really committed to it, because I didnt know if I wanted to do it as a job. I do now, so I have to somehow work my way into that world.The only thing is, is that I want to do backend, and there are no junior positions or any  programming jobs where I live, so I have to hope I can make a portfolio of stuff, or do some simple freelance work until I have something to submit haha
I'd look for internships at bigger companies. Companies like panera, chipotle, staples love to pick up interns as they're essential really cheap labor and then they usually end up hiring them. A lot of the time you barely need much web dev experience, you just need to be competent. You'll get ok pay, like $18-20 an hour starting for a few months until you get a hired and get a salary. It might not be the most exciting work but you can still do your own projects on the side. Also it looks good on your resume.
Blamer Peak and r/a/dio.
staplesworst internship i've ever had DO NOT DO IT
Yeah, Ill look into it. The only problem, is that my city is mostly labor based. Barely any technology companies, unless I go to Ottawa or Toronto, which are both a couple hours away.But Ill keep an eye out for any opportunities like that
All I keep seeing is deploy it via Azure but it seems to cost quite a bitgood job, you've just discovered microsoft business strategy. you can now switch to java and get a hosting that doesn't make you chip in for a windows server licence
on Azure, host websites is free. You just need to pay for the database. Azure is fairly competitive, and they charge by the minute, which makes it good for hobbyist stuff.
As a summer project I want to write an application for mobile phones that would check the status of laundry machines in the dormitory halls, the school uses a service to put this info online but the website is ugly as sin and no one uses it. My application would need to-access info online based on user settings type 1 user accesses a different page than type 2, etc-take info from that website and display it in a mobile friendly manner If machine 7 is in use, display this icon, etc. Menu navigation similar to YikYak or Twitter-Allow the user to get a notification when their laundry is done-Preferably displays a banner ad for passive shekelsWhat libraries/engines/whatever would you reccommend to go about this? I've been looking at JQuery and Ratchet but it seems like I wouldn't be able to do the notification with either.
building a series of websites using my own modified web.py as a framework, I have already built the login and database modules using guides for securing information online, I plan on having the actual applications be modular and built via scripting, that way I can make a new website simply by writing a short script defining what features it will have
Honestly I do not want to be a webdev.I did kind of like the realisation that there's not much difference between a website and an app gui, but beyond that I hate html, I think JavaScript is messy, and I don't like all the strictness in communication between the backend and front end ie cors virtually forces you to either dick around with proxies, add headers which dont seem to be cross browser or have a single server that does everything, cors can't even deal with different port numbers unless its ie.So I built a massively multithreaded c# server using the latest c# 5 threading/task management and I actually had more fun doing this than making a 5 tab web page that unsuccessfully tries to send and receive json. Gui is a chore for me, these days it just needs to work and if it works badly all that inefficiency will be threaded out, excellence can be found in perfect infrastructure, backend and "business logic" code.When its done I'll open source on the condition that it's only used in a production environment outside of Australia. I do not like helping competition, but if you're doing exactly what I'm doing but in another area, I see no reason not to help you. At worst you'll popularize my business strategy.
Caffeine, meditation, actually enjoying myself. I'm a musician so I can't listen to music passively.It's usually acknowledged that you require some level of actual, honest, true Zen/Buddhist/Taoist/Gnostic Christian enlightenment to be a decent programmer. It's actually not a joke or a meme, programming is or can be actually hard and requires more concentration than humans naturally possess. So accept your surroundings, spend a quick moment to mindfully watch your anxiety, then become the moment and immerse yourself in the world of code. The trick I found is to "surrender" to yourself and accept all bodily and mental sensations, then gently push them aside.I know most of this sounds frivolous, but just give it a shot.
Rewriting some performance-critical loops from jQuery to pure JS.
tfw the internet is the most complex system ever built its been an honor working with you gents
Hey guys I'm looking for advice on two things:1 Domain Name Registrar2 HostingAs far as hosting goes, I've been using an Amazon EC2 free tier but the project I've worked on was accepted by a company. Should I just keep it on an amazon server and upgrade or is there something better out there?I'm not new to setting up webservers but I'd like to get a good DNR and a good host or both if they're combined at a decent price.Also is an amazon EC2 free tier considered "shared hosting"? There was something I read a while back that shared hosting might mean you cannot edit apache config files, among other limitations. It seems like the amazon ones act more like virtual machines.
its been an honor working with you gentshonor? Well I suppose you can have honor even if you fail miserably.complicated != good
complicated doesnt equal bad, either. There is a certain excitement to be developing something that will appear in the history books, though
What stack does /wdg/ want to use next? I'm making a node after years with php and java. It's nice but after this I want another go at a haskel server.
WHY IS WORDPRESS SO GARBAGE?I got hired to update a website that's hosted on it.The people who hired me are old and probably won't update it themselves. I'm thinking of migrating to a straight static page.
What would be a good ballpark figure for selling sites to local businesses?
LaravelAnything is better than Zend
Form1.csKill yourself
maximum tipping achieved
bourbon/neat vs susy vs skeleton?
tfw want to get into ASP.NET but Microsoft has that Microsoft Student Program for university studentsAnd I'm not a university studentBrb commiting sudoku.
I'm trying to accept my surroundings right now. It's a fucking kindergarten, literally the average /v/ meeting.
Not sure if I should buy a domain for 2000 dollars for my business or not.It's a great domain,but now I have the same domain with .info instead of .com
are you re-creating steam?
.infoInto the trash it goes. I'm not going to your malware site buddy you can get fucked nerd
Boston/moviebob/
It actually is a site aimed at providing info. So it's not really as unsuitable as .org or .net
.info sucks, get rid of it. That said, $2000 upfront is a bit much. Save the money and instead of thing.com buy getthing.com or thingapp.com or thething.com or thing.io or thing.us or thing.ly, etc.
tfw get a working demo out of the new view you've been working on for 3 days in time for sprint review
Apache or nginx?
I feel like I've finally hit a wall with this poker thing... and it's over something small for now.hands_del.each_index {|n|                                        2..14.each {|k|                #Finding the index of each unique number        if hands_del[n].indexk != nil            #For every possible hand combination            hands_del[n].delete_athands_del[n].indexk    #Delete the number located at index location        end    }    if hands_del[n].count == 3 && hands_del[n].uniq.count == 2        full_house = true        final_hand = n    elsif hands_del[n].count == 3 && hands_del[n].uniq.count == 1        four_kind = true        final_hand = n    elsif hands_del[n].count == 2 && hands_del[n].uniq.count == 1        three_kind = true        final_hand = n    elsif hands_del[n].count == 2 && hands_del[n].uniq.count == 2        two_pair = true        final_hand = n    elsif hands_del[n].count == 1 && hands_del[n].uniq.count == 1        pair = true        final_hand = n    else        high_card = true    end}#Outcome message if full_house == true    puts "Full House #{hands[final_hand]}"elsif four_kind == true    puts "4 of a Kind #{hands[final_hand]}"elsif three_kind == true    puts "3 of a Kind #{hands[final_hand]}"elsif two_pair == true    puts "2 Pair #{hands[final_hand]}"elsif pair == true    puts "Pair #{hands[final_hand]}"else     puts "High Card #{hands[20]}"end    I'm trying to get it to put the 5 objects from the sub arrays specifically the sub array that was last to trigger the if.Any guesses as to why?  hands is an array of 21 arrays of 5 objects. hands _del is the same thing.
nginx
What's the best way to learn how to write good and beautiful HTML/CSS?
my css and js combined are less than 1000 bytesdoes everything i want
Use Sass
get into that one technology that is superior to .net, free as in freedom and has free as in freedom tools meaning java
you know that php file browser that pops up when you enter a directory? how do i force that in a directory where there is an index file?
newfag here, just have a general questionSo, how exactly do websites interact with things like databases? From my understanding re: a bit of googleing the website and database are separate aka, on different computers, or different HDDs or partitions and the website is just a portal into the database ie, an access point for users that can request data that is displayed through the website, but isn't apart of the website itself. I gather this works similarly with things like industrial ethernet networks but with a LAN with multiple endpoints that contain data instead of a sever with a database on it.
.htaccess file on the server
There are multiple posibillities. A mySQL database is served by a server to which you connect using php or whatever, so it is a running program with which you can communicate.Sqlite databases are just files which you can read/write. Others are one of those two, usually. Most people host the database on the same server their website is at, and create it so that only the backend can communicate with the DB.
I was trying to put everything I check in the morning in one place, meaning weather forecast, public transport departure hours and current position of trams and buses.weather was easy enough, open weather has a pretty nice api. my local public transport though... I won't be able to retrieve it with clientside js, I'll have to set up a server and use that to retrieve data. sucks as all hell because my back-end skills are next to none.
You access data in a database just like how you access web pages, same concept. You send a request to the the database in the form of SQL usually just like you would send an request to a website server. Both respond with data
Me and a friend are doing a mini-hackathob at my house. We're trying to see if we can make a fully-featured fan fiction website in less than 14 hours.I'm actually hype. This should be fun.
That RubyPlease, for the love of Christ, use a style guide. Seriously, I'm dying looking at this shit.
What will your approach be?
What's a good way to set up a code demo for a phone/Skype interview? I'm thinking maybe use a private Github or something like that, although it's on TFS currently so I guess I could just invite him to that.
fan fictionWhere will you get the users?
Are the jobs in the Neet guide section legit?I'm bilingual and type fast and would love a job translating articles but it all seems too good to be true.
guys if I'm just making a web page to have like a resume and other info would I need to know anything aside from html and css?also is the html guide on codecademy html5?  I already finished it just wondering
Sure, html and css is sufficient for a resumepage. Depends on your CSS skill though.
Did I buy the right book m8s?
buyI'm pretty sure theres a bunch of pdfs of that book floating around the internet.
Nothing beats holding a hardcopy in your hands so you aren't staring at screen that slowly ruins your eyesight constantly.
Yes, because you're not going to design websites on a screen anyway
I like physical books. Also is was only $17.
When using BEM, do you use the modifier in addition to the existing class? e.g.button class=“media__body media__body--activeorbutton class=“media__body--active
URL rewriting via .htaccess. Google the rest.
It's mostly just a challenge.Basically clone fanfiction.org to be honest.
I need to have a webpage that can have text / 'screens' that change dynamically from external inputs eg. a door buzzer. What framework would be best for this?My friends suggested Meteor, but I thought I might as well ask before I plunge in and learn it.
Bumping for this
HA I built something like that.I have a panic button here and whenever I press it, it changes the wallpaper on my homepage to something else for 60 seconds just proof of concept, couldn't find a real way to use that. It has a delay for about 2 seconds at worst, but that's probably because I only update the wallpaper every second.What I did was to let the page check via AJAX if a value stored online has changed it's a timestamp in my case. It's updated to the current time whenever I press the button.So, no framework. Just some good ol' PHP or an external page, I for example allow other people to use it too on the serverside, a little bit of JS on the client side and voila, that stuff is working.
That sounds pretty much what I need. Do you have the code for it?
What exactly do you need?Serverside: Account at bloxapi.com, done.Clientside: An interval checking for a buttonpress every second by reading the value from bloxapi: Just an Arduino checking if the button is pressed, if yes, request to bloxapi updating the value stored there.Our system thinks your post is spamYeah fuck you too.
Thanks, I'm not too good with scripting etc., just the basic HTML/CSS and a little bit of Javascript.
"do web dev, it's a great career and easy to get into"fast forward 3 years and no one wants to employ me because I have no commercial experience.seriously considering killing self if I won't get a job offer in a month.
What, you still don't have any commercial experience? Try starting as a junior dev, it's easier to find a job than applying as a full dev without any experience. You won't get paid big bucks, but you'll learn a shitton + get something to write on your CV.
you still don't have any commercial experience?I spent those years mostly on learningTry starting as a junior devIt's the fucking junior jobs that I can't get.
I mean at this point I'm down to work for dollar per hour but the only place I can do that is odesk/freelance where 100 people apply for a job.
Nigga I got a junior dev job without any experience in webdev. Just tellem that you are really fucking loving what you do, whatever CS stuff that may be, and maybe one or two projects.
You got a degree, right? Well I don't.
You mean a CS degree? Nope. I'm 20 years old got the job at 19 directly after leaving highschool not sure if that's correct, I'm from Germany.Okay I have to admit, it was kind of luck that I got the job. My boss is chill as fuck, that's probably why I got hired.Are you building something cool? Did you build something cool? Something that one could proudly present?
I've made magento/wordpress/octoberCMS themes and got a personal site running, I've also made some tutorial for php/node vids with good audio and everything like that. Another disadvantage is that I live in a coastal town in the south of England so there are no dev jobs here only tourist shit and I have to go to London for interviews.
Welp, that sounds nice. Did you put that on your CV? Also did you consider moving to London?
Writing a redis and image cleanup for outdated entries using async.waterfall.
Has anyone gone from complete unit testing scrub to full-blown TDD believer? I want to get in to testing and TDD because I don't know shit about it, but it's just kind of foreign to me. Does anyone have any good resources or suggestions on how to go about grasping it?Ways to practice as well? I'd like to start doing it at work but I always feel like I'll be wasting time.
My friends boss used to be a QA and now he makes triple digits with extra contract work.Just work hard.
I think you misread my post. I'm not asking about how to get a QA job or something. I'm talking about test-driven development, which is not something for QA people to do. It's something developers do.I already have a job as a software engineer, just aiming to improve.
Let's pretend I'm working on a simple terminalemulator thing and I'm now done with writing the whole system stuff. What commands should I add?What I already thought about:- List first ten entries of a subreddit- update smarthome values- search via "ddg test ayy lmao" for duckduckgo or other places to search at stackoverflow, google, php- help- about- github gonna put it up there and make it public
Fyi the web hoster is paying 40 a year. The name itself is actually cheap, data and maintaining it may not be. I kind of like the 2000 up front because it locks you into a year of hosting and maintaining your website. If he redesigns your site and if it had things like broken ecommerce shit and whatever else, you should be charged more.
Grabbed the useful shit from /g/FTP and deleted the bullshit. Going to make it available using h5ai. Here's the landing i'm working on. Haven't touched HTML since HTML 2.0 and that was at primary school too.
Nginx is faster but apache comes out the box with more features, different tool for different purposes, some people even do both for load balancing.
Java can't into properties, and its cross platform capabilities are false, anyone who's played mine craft on Linux is vividly aware. Whereas with c# I'm using free tools on a free system and a free runtime, which is mono, and the ironic thing is that all the code I'm using came from instructions and help from the Microsoft website. It's all very compatible with Windows, personally I would recompile it with .net i instead of mono, but I'm assured that's not necessary.I believe with mono, which imitates .net, I have achieved true cross platform capabilities. I can even go as far as Android and osx.
I like it. Just about done, have like 50 more pages.
This man has a suspicious story.What country do you live in? I've literally been rejected face to face for having less than 5 years experience, the vicious circle in tech employment is real.
No offense, but why specify html and css? Making good html is making good presentations, in that regard I've been thinking about art courses but no luck. Dunno about css, it's something very copy and paste for me.Some people only use div and focus entirely on making css classes.
Germany.I'm only getting $14/hour, so there's that. But hey, I can work whenever I want and I get free coffee.
Pls respond
Ever think about starting your own business? lots of local small businesses in any town or county could benefit from a website, even if it's for contact details or dropping messages. I'd also imagine it's very easy to trap these people into more features you can charge more for. Tell them they can run their whole business online and if they believe you you've got an assured x money a month, because they'll need hosting and a backend for long term data.
No I like it, you're working what an Australian considers minimum wage for what most developers agree is an entry level position. All good, personally if I ran the industry I'd hire teenagers to do that work and hire them later, as young adults, for whatever they happened to specialise in. I'd imagine this would be necessary after the information age has really picked up and its no longer a word crazy internet addicts use.Instead we have contractors getting paid up to 2500 a week to do something 3 children on minimum wage could do on 2000 a week. Completely silly and it's because the only people who understand this industry are digital natives and they're all under 30, so they're neither hiring nor being hired easily.
get through both interviews for a really good web dev internship for this summersuper excited about it for weeks and can't wait to startbeen preparing by learning the build system and other tools that were mentioned in the interviewcan't sleep the night before my first day today because of nerves and get ~2 hours of sleepwas working hard the whole day, had to attend a meeting when the exhaustion kicked in and I began driftingboss asks me to leave and not come backI know it's all my fault, but it still feels like shit. Fuck.
You were fired from your old job or the internship?
Man you fucked up bad. Sounds like a shit company though if they just immediately assume you're a sack of turds on the first day.
meant for obviously
i would do it in c#.  Webclient to parse data and the rest is pretty easily handled if you have any concept of OOP
It's literally text.If it weights more than 20mb and it's not Wordpress, you're doing it wrong.
*or its java
You're website is probably shit
SUP GUYSWhats the BIG DEAL with J2EE in the actual market? I see it required everywhere.
From the internship.Yeah, who knows. The boss said she'd call me tomorrow to discuss but it seems like her mind was made up.
Which is the cheapest domain and hosting provider?
ur mum
What should I know before learning bootstrap? Is html/css enough? I also know python but don't think that is relevant
Make your servers point at the default gateway, go to Google "what's my ip", and then enter your ip as if it were an address. If you have a dynamic ip, enjoy having to give out a new ip address every month or so.
It ensures compatibility across different application servers. One tier runs Tomcat, one runs Glassfish. J2EE will work on both.
yes it's fine.Bootstrap is really simple. You should learn enough in one night.Once done look at compass, gulp, yeoman and reactJs
I want to make a restaurant menu for a new restaurant in town. Probably going to just present them the finished product and see what they think. I'm going to use Bootstrap but what's some other cool shit I can implement? thx
I read on some blog that it's a very good introductory book for those with little to no prior knowledge. Further research reinforced that point significantly.
anyone know a good guide/tutorial for vanilla JS hamburger to panel pop out navigation?
Where's the best place to get pictures for a website? Don't mind paying
Fair.After a few years of android and .net dev, I went into web and realised I could make a 6/10 website without trying. HTML is just a necessary evil we live with and css feels like something a Google addicted whore could "master". It's only js that comes close to a challenge and even then it's not too dissimilar to how I've always programmed guis, the only problems i have are the usual front end to back-end communication problems.Front end is just not where I want to be.Back end may be, but only because I really want a challenge.I came out of an intensive uni program to realise all the real life problems are simple as Fuck.
It may not seem like a challenge at first if all you do is static pages.The real challenge comes when you're doing cross-browser compatibility, adapting it to mobile/tablets and using workflow-enhancers like Gulp and/or Composer.That's when Front-End development got interesting to me, because of how challenging it got, and I'm a PHP back-end guy.
doesn't weed fuck with your memory. Also, maybe it's just me but I can't get comfortable when I'm high.
MySQL
If you're comfortable with coding it doesn't affect your abilities, just makes it easier to get through the grindif you're trying to learn something new or debugging, though, best to stay sober
How much would you charge if someone asked you to make a simple contact/about/info page for a small business?
I know people who charge 5k a pop for those. But I'd probably ask for about 500
My formula is like this:think about how many hours it would take meconsidering how much I need to sustain myself even when not workingconsider how much I hate the jobHours * Expenses * No Fun = the price
Dubstep. It has no concentration on words, only rhythm. As a guy with adhd though, I find programming completely absorbing. I've never had an issue concentrating on it. I think that might be because there's nothing else I'd rather be doing. It's more fun than anything else I can think of so nothing else competes in my mind with it. One of my motivations for locking myself in is that I don't want to lose my train of thought and forget what I was doing or where I was. Also, invest in a good pair of headphones. It blocks out sound so you can program even in the noisiest settings.
wdgno funhating your jobget out
I don't hate my job. But some assignments are fun and some aren't.And I don't want to spend my time on things I don't enjoy, unless it pays enough.
, 
Any1 ever worked with tkinter python library?I need to come up with a simple project, like a tic tac toe game or minesweeper or something. If anyone could share some code that'd be awsome. Also it doesn't have to be tkinter, any python library basically, I just chose it, cause you can make pretty colors and nice shapes and stuff.
You can use pyqt
import tkintermain = tkinter.Tkmain.mainloopThere, that should get you started.sqtdpt
Use PySdl2 or pySFML. It takes some calculating when not using a UI library that uses layouts, but you will also learn more that way. And don't let other people write code for you, programming is mostly about problem solving.
Why the FUCK arent all of you running masterace Cyanogenmod 12?
I am, OPO CM12. Never had any issues.
b-but i am using it
Because the S5 AT&T isn't supported.
Not supported stable on note2
Is my galaxy s6 edge supported?
Because I'm not a fan of supporting the monetization and poor treatment of developers that Cyanogen perpetuates.And I have every feature I want on the rom I'm already using.
1. I prefer using Android stock2. I'm not indian3. Botnet
2015Nobody uses cyanogen mod anymore anon...
Using it on a Galaxy SIII mini.The port is buggy as fuck. It randomly crashes apps, Chrome has rendering issues and mobile data doesn't work. Also, taking screenshots lower the ring volume and close the APP, it works around 1/6 times.I see no pros, only a slight performance upgrade on the first few days.
Because I don't own a shitty piece of hardware made for kids to LOLTXT their stupid friends and check failbook while being tracked everywhere I go.
MIUI master race
Cyanogenmod is deprecated.
because I have cm 11 on my OPOjust werks
You're tracked via your SIM card no matter what dumbphone you have, goy :^
CM7 was the last good CM
because it's a buggy unstable piece of shit, you curry shit stain niggergo back to xda and ejaculate on each other's faces about HURRR MY PHONE SUPER SILKY SMOOTH FAST NOW WITH CUMONMYFACEFAGGOTRETARD KERNEL v4.1281359723481237041267102
CM12 is absolute shite on the lgg3. I don't even know if 12.1 is available, and i doubt I'll try it if it is.
I am the FUCK running CM12
Because Cataclysm.
Doesn't work on my Nokia 3210
Haha I love that "I cleared my browser history and turned off my location services so my carrier can't track me, right?"
Because I don't have autism.
CMmaster of any raceanything other than a tumor on the android community
because im running true master race MIUI
Verizon doesn't allow me to unlock my HTC one via htcdev
Because no one will release it for my now ancient and failing samshit gs3
I don't like Samsung botnet, that's why.OPOHave fun with the Chinese botnet on top your of Samshit. shillhillusing outdated botnet on botnet phonetm why?gaybotnetotnet
it's not on the GSIII
Moto RAZR Maxx isn't supported on it yet, but I'm thinking of trying to build it. I'm pretty sure I can't screw the phone up permanently if I'm using safestrap with ROM slots and being careful.
This post is a total clusterfuck. I'm impressed.
Because I have a Sprint LG G3. There's no official release and the unofficial release is riddled with bugs.
botnetotnetEvery phone is a tracking device, so why should I purchase a new one when this one has done everything I need for over 14 years?
Try sunshine, sadly it costs $25
Is it worth using hammerhead nightly dev? Android 5.1.1 hurts my nexus 5 brick
Thanks, I really do try.
Rooted Nexus 6 running Android M in tablet mode master race reporting in.
Nice shitposting.
Fucking this
100% cpu utilization at idle on a SD801master race
But it is.
how is the Note 4 ?
I have an HTC M8 GPE. I have no need for CM
there's no official rom for moto G 4G yet
I feel morally against paying them $25 to unlock a 2 year old smartphone, when they based their work off of rumrunner that was a pledge driven solution. jcase can go shove his sunshine right up his ass.I tried decompiling their apk to bypass it, but it's too far obfuscated and I don't have any experience cracking apks.
A beauty of a post.Going to print it out, frame it and put it on my wall.
Literally the only reason is because I like the Samsung camera on my Note 4 too much to give up by flashing CM 12.1. Otherwise, I'd be all over it.
Because the factory ROM  my BLU Studio Energy came with is do close to stock I don't need a differ version of Android. I may root eventually though to make full use if titanium backup and greenify. Anyone use kingoroot yet? Is it safe?
running on Nexus 5. all seems to be good except all my twitter apps/clients constantly crash. battery life seems to have gotten worse. I got about 1.5 hours SOT today.
I've got 3hrd sot and 40% left currently
this.
greenifyIs there any downside to this?
I prefer stock Android.I don't want boost mobile currynigger OS.
HTC One M8 here.Was running CM12 but figured out it didn't support the dot view case because they didn't want to import libraries or some shit, plus the -505 error code concerning signature signing of apps in the Google Playstore wouldn't let me download the app. Recovered the stock ROM for a little bit but thought it didn't support some Xposed modules I really wanted, so I settled for the default dot theme on CM12. When I reflashed back to CM12, neither data nor WiFi worked anymore so I've been on stock since.
AT&T btw.
Im using it on a Galaxy S3 i9300, apart from the horrendous bluetooth performance, everything else works flawlessly and faster.Using latest with 5.1.1
how did you manage to install it or did they officially released it for s3?
Because Chroma is better for me, plus it is not bloated
Here
because I need my phone to work
is it much better than stable 5.1.1 based on 1+ ?
I don't know, but this is just a fork of the one I postedThis is CyanogenMod 12 based on JustArchi/arter97Also, this message doesn't look like this fork is going places...Announcement from FaserF: I am very busy with exams, there wont be many updates until the 26th June
fuck. I was hoping to use that fork because of OTA updates
Some xposed modules don't work on 5.1.1 so I'm using 5.0.2.
Looks nice. I wish it had a dumbfuck-proof easy installation for people like me
Because battery life sucks on cyanaogen roms
1- Get Autoroot from here: Get clockworkmod from here: Get ROM from here: Get Google Apps from here: your i9300 in download mode Power + Home + Volume -Run Odin comes with Autoroot and flash Autoroot fileInstall "Online Nandroid Backup" on your current OS and make a backup just in case IMPORTANTEnter recovery mode Power + Home + Volume +Wipe/Factory Reset the phoneSelect Install from Zip and install the ROMSelect Install from Zip and install the Google AppsReboot???Profit!
Because there's no milestone build yet for the Nexus 5 and I don't want my camcorder patch broken every day
thank you very much for the answer m8. I'm gonna try it now
1. there is no version for my phone samsung galaxy avant cause i REFUSE to pay as much for my phone as i did for my GPU2. i hear it is buggy and drains battery like crazy 3. ijm happy with my phone how it is
To all of you people who use custom roms, how can you deal with the shitastic AOSP camera? That's really the only complaint I had when putting slimkat on my S4.
Because I have an iPhone 6 and I don't need to waste my time getting it to work right.
CMFucking pleb noob Do you even Android?
Unnoficial CM12.1 and Nameless ROM are pretty good.
because my phone is supported by Replicant
Bet you use a gay iPhone
I miss the HDR, yeah, but other than that, its just photos.I see there is plenty of custom camera apps on the store but never bothered to pirate/install one of them, Im not a photogenic guy.
Yes, because you have 40 times less features.
Slimrom and Chroma user here. One tends to grow tired of CM after a while. I loved Omni when it was really active.
Why on earth are you using the shitastic AOSP camera?shitty piece of hardware made for kids to LOLTXT their stupid friends and check failbook while being tracked everywhere I goThat's the definition of an iPhone. So, you dont use CM cause you don't own an iPhone?
Godspeed, I forgot to put this, you might need samsung drivers installed first:
yeah thanks I have those already from previous unsuccessful attempts
Why on earth are you using the shitastic AOSP camera?HURR DURR THAT'S WHY IM ASKINGFUCK ME, Just recommend me the best camera app
Because iOS 8.3
that's apparent.
how can you deal with the shitastic AOSP camerawhy are you using it?THAT'S WHY IM ASKINGThat doesn't make any fucking sense.
Because my shitty phone isn't supported.
Its ok anon, I have the downs, now, just recommend me a better app if you please.
look on the fucking app store you fucking pointless retard i bet you post in desktop threads
because pacman is better
I have looked, they all look the same, if you can't just point at a /g/ recommended one, why are you being a fucking elitist cunt posting like that?Damn retard I wouldn't be asking if I haven't tried them already.
Google camera with hdr enabledManual cameraL camera
There are no /g/ recommended camera apps, they all suck. Just download the google camera and shoot photospheres.
Is this Android 5.1? 5.2?Is it for Moto G 2014 yet?
Why the FUCK isn't there even a snapshot of 12 for the Nexus 5? It's a damn developer phone!
implying you can enable hdr+ on any none google phoneimplying S4 running aosp rom has updated oem camera firmware to run manual camerasee above
they all look the same you dont rate a program on its UI you fucking tard /g/ recommended just use some til you find one you like and use that jesus its like you cant even breath without someone on /g/ telling you its ok why dont you just go hang yourself over your mother's bed
Thanks you very much anon
I'm running the official nightlies for my GS3 D2ATT variant.
Should have bought a Sexus praise DuArte instead of samshit touchjizz then
You make me laugh
CHINK
Because AT & Jew locked the bootloader on my galaxy s4
locked bootloaderon an S4implying this would stop youSafestrap to the rescueI have a Galaxy S4 Active which is only sold by AT&T and it's running Lollipop 5.1.1 currently without issues, a custom ROM I put together over the past few weeks, everything works without issues.Just 'cause you're not knowledgeable enough to make it happen doesn't mean it's not possible.
I know what Safestrap is but I thought you could only flash touchwiz-based roms?
just flashed cm12 to 12.1 nightlies just now. i hope i didn't make a huge fucking mistake
best cm12 5.0.x build? or should I just grab latest 12.1 nightly? Using oneplus one aswell
Nightlies run perfect on OPO
Nightlies run perfect on OPOother than crashing system ui every 5 minutes and greatly decreased battery life yeah it's perfect
can s3 run it :D
I don't think so. I've been looking, Stuck with Alliance Rom for now.
Lgg2 stock KitKat masterrace
It's still nightly.
i just installed in my Nexus 5... it's pretty good and better than stock
I'm running cm 11 on a tegra 3 phone and it's shit.
I'm running CM 12.1 on a Galaxy S3. Combined with a new battery, my phone feels like it's new and I love it.The stats on the phone are a bit wrong here. I actually have the Canadian SGH-I747M and I have a d2att build on a d2lte device, but it seems to work.Anyone else have that problem where the "Connected as media device. Touch for other USB options." is stuck in the notification area even though the phone is unplugged? It was persistent in CM 11 and it's still being a pain in the ass in CM 12.1. I have a work around where I block notification from the Android System, but it's still a workaround.
Except that's not cyanogenmod. That's cyanogen os.
Is typing with a SW keyboard easier on a big screen Android than a 5S?I'm reaching breaking point with this fucking thing. No good HW keyboard phones available where I am now.
 cm12 on flounder cm12.1 on shamuFeels good man.
i have american sgh-1747 on CM 11. Is 12 stable? Could I install it?

CM 12.1 outmeanwhile Paranoid Android has still been on Alpha 2, 5.0 for 3 months nowIt's dead, aint itPA was one of the few ROM's that was very exceptional, fuck CM. What am I supposed to use?
cm12 for sprint m7 is BROKEN AS FUCKi doubt it has gotten any better
It's not really that broken.False "no sim card" warning and lack of PRL updating, but that's all I remember dealing with.What kind of problems did you encounter?
have been out for ages bro. Running them with no problems. I love that I'm milking the shit out of this phone.
the problems you listed, have the flash light on for a minute or longer would reboot the phone, using the camera would reboot the phone, not able to use default app to send sms, sometimes calls would not go through and phone turning off at the low battery notification this one might not actually be cm12 though, happens on my cm11 rom too, might be my phone i understand its a nightly and its all experimental so i cant really complain, but man was it a hasslei really do want to upgrade though, im getting tired of 4.4.4
I have it and its fucking awful, but I can't find anything for the GS5 that isn't also shit.
what's the difference between cyanogenmod and cyanogenOS exactly?
btw thats the link for xt910. The xt912 link is here:yes, you cant fuck it up if you're using safestrap. make sure to use latest version recommended on xda forums or wherever.
The one I have it stable, yes. Mobile data stopped working so I had to update the modem version, but that also happened when I went to CM 11 so it was pretty straight forward for me. Battery life is also extraordinary if you don't install Facebook or activate google now cards. Otherwise you can just use permissions to stop them from killing the battery.
using the camera would reboot the phoneI think the fix is to change the save directorynot able to use default app to send smsnot using TextsecureI guess that suckssometimes calls would not go through and phone turning off at the low battery notificationHaven't heard of thoseI would recommend ViperOne for all the sweet customization, but 3 of the sensors don't work with it, so things like Google Sky Map don't work right.im getting tired of 4.4.4Lollipop was pushed OTA some time ago.What other ROMs have you considered?
dl link?
Do you even Euphoria OS?
You can get official ones now. You can download nightlies here.you want stable releases, you'll have to wait. I'm currently using build 20150527, but feel free to use the latest version.
can i dirty flash over cm 11?
This is the unofficial build I am using.
Some people claim it works. Make a backup, if it works - congrats, if not - just wipe and install.
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:class="quote"Here's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:class="quote"To foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:class="prettyprint"Challenge:Implement a function that produces formatted output, Format being one example. This can be as simple or as complex as you want. Build off of other posters if don't know where to begin.
what's the point of ?is this supposed to produce really fast code since it only focus on one OS+processor architecture?
is this supposed to produce really fast code since it only focus on one OS+processor architecture?That would appear to be the reason to use this implementation.Apparently, much of it is hand-optimized assembler.It's a shame that it's only available on Windows.
Am I making a mistake by learning Common Lisp instead of, say, Haskell or Rust or C++?
defpackage #:formattter  :use :iterate :clin-package :formattterdefparameter *format-grammar*  '#\t . #\tab    #\n . #\newline    #\b . #\backspace    #\^ . #\^;;; Print shit based on the `*format-grammar*' variable;;; Control characters are prefixed by the `^' characterdefun format-print format-string &key fmt-grammar *format-grammar*  flet pchr x princ string x    iterate for curr in-string format-string      with prev = #\space      let control cdr assoc curr fmt-grammar         cond char= prev #\^               setf prev curr               pchr control              char= curr #\^               setf prev curr              t               setf prev curr               pchr currGood times, for everyone!
You may upset some sperglords by not learning whatever their favourite language happens to be, but it's not a mistake.
No.I don't understand why you would honestly ask this here of all places.Are you just learning so you can get a job or something?  That's a shallow basis for learning most things.
Yes, but you're making a mistake learning any language "instead of" the other. Learn them all and form your own opinions.
Why is the LISP general always so reasonable compared to the rest of /g/?
No, I'm a student. I'm learning it out of interest.why ask hereI wanted to provoke you guys a little.
We enjoy our topic of discussion.Also, Lisp tends to either tame or educate the fuckwads such as myself it attracts.
I've already explained this other times, but it's a relatively obscure topic that requires some knowledge or initiative to actually talk about.  I've spoken with people that didn't know it even existed, yet browse here a good bit.  I also didn't want my general to end up like every other general here, which is why I made an identity for making threads.  I'm not going to provoke people in the OP or anything like that.  I keep things consistent and nice.I wanted to provoke you guys a little.That's what I figured.
Lovely.I was trying to learn Scheme a little while back with SICP, but it's written for math-native MIT students. I haven't had the time to get into it properly and also understand the maths they use to discuss it. What other resources are known-good for it?
The Scheme Programming LanguageThe Little Schemer and sequelsThe Lambda papers themselves if you're brave, and other papersI own Programming in Scheme by Eisenberg and Abelson. It's decent, and rather short, though it doesn't go into much depth.
You can generally skip the math-intense bits if they're too much.SICP isn't really about teaching Scheme, it's about teaching CS topics and programming techniques that exploit Scheme's unique capabilities.This is a good suggestion:
Thank you kindly. I think more than anything I just need to get into the LISP mindset. I'm quite happy with a lot of the concepts LISP is lauded for in other languages, but essentially not the syntax and idioms that make a program good LISP rather than just a transliteration.Thanks
This!Learn them all! You won't regret it.
I think more than anything I just need to get into the LISP mindset.The Little SchemerThe Scheme Programming LanguageOn LispLet Over LambdaLisp, Lore, and Logic.
The Scheme Programming Language is the most straight forward book for learning Scheme. No fluff, no theory, no math, just straight syntax. You can read it for free online.
Implement a function that produces formatted output, Format being one exampleSo reimplement format?
#lang racketdefine myfmt str . params  define to-string param    cond string? param param          number? param number-string param          char? param list-string list param          list? param           apply string-append                  flatten list ""                                 foldl lambda p acc                                          if = length acc 0                                              list to-string p                                              append acc list " " to-string p                                        '                                        param                                 ""          else " ??? "  define placeholders res str    let loop pos 0      if = pos sub1 string-length str          reverse res          if and char=? string-ref str pos #\~                   char=? string-ref str add1 pos#\a              begin set! res cons pos res                     loop + 2 pos              loop add1 pos  let pls placeholders ' str    cond not = length pls length params           raise myfmt "Malformed format string: ~a" str          else foldl lambda param pos acc                         string-append substring acc 0 pos                                        to-string param                                        substring acc + pos 2                       str                       reverse params                       reverse plsmyfmt "~asda~~~c~d~a   ~a" 7 35 '4 5 "asd"= "7sda~~~c~d35   4 5 asd"Maybe it's too complicated. I do not care.As a special bonus, the thrown exception uses its own function to format the exception string :
Am I making a mistakelearningpick one
Ay lads. Just started watching the 1986 lectures and I have no idea about what I'm getting into. Loads of websites tell me that scheme is useless and won't even tell me where you can get a compiler from though I did end up finding one. How different are Common LISP and Scheme because I want to be able to transfer all of my knowledge from one to the other easily and not have to worry too much? I'm just concerned that my time would be better spent learning common lisp.inb4 blogpostinb4 spoonfeeding
IMO time is much better spent learning CL but in all honesty from what I've seen so far the knowledge is really easily transferrable when it comes to the base language. Only a few things are different syntactically, e.g. function declarations, and those variations are small.
Scheme is good if you want to learn programming. If you already know how to program and want to learn a language go with Commin Lisp or Racket or Clojure, choose accordingly with what kind of things you like to write.
Which dialect do you prefer?Surprisingly enough, Racket at least currently due to all of its libraries and documentations.What was your first experience with lisp?Started out with Common Lisp and the excellent Practical Common Lisp book, but man the documentation on various libraries could really use some works. Currently trying Clojure. I like how it derives from Common Lisp and has many good ideas, though I'm also shocked at how much it relies on Java. Those people who tried to downplay Clojure reliance on Java should be shot.
How different are Common LISP and Scheme because I want to be able to transfer all of my knowledge from one to the other easily and not have to worry too much?I started with Common Lisp and the knowledge transfers to Scheme just fine.In fact, once you know one Lisp dialect be it Common Lisp, Scheme/Racket, or Clojure picking up others are easy. Like, it took me months to finally grok Common Lisp, but once I do, I pick up Racket which derives from Scheme in about a week, and Clojure in just 2 days.
Don't forget Practical Common Lisp, which is a great book to read if you already have experience in other language and want to see how to practical solve problems in a Lisp-y way.
Those people who tried to downplay Clojure reliance on Java should be shotshit, I really wanted to give clojure a try
though I'm also shocked at how much it relies on Java.There's a reason all non-JVM implementations are essentially irrelevant.
Yeah, the amount of Java methods and libraries that you _need_ to call to do even the simplest thing are insane.Those I guess this is by design, and they make it really, really easy to call Java methods in Clojure.
ya dun goofed
Thanks for the thoughtful explanation.
Anyone here ever written a 2D game in Lisp? How'd it go? What did you use?
I have written game of life and snake using lispbuilder-sdl. lispbuilder-sdl is well documented and there are some code examples out in the internet to learn from.Might interest you.
xelf seems really interesting. thanks anon.
bump
FORMATTTER format-print "hello ^nworld!^n^^_^^"hello world!^_^NILI don't get it.
I took a break from my larger project and started writing an image viewer instead. The surprising thing is, I'm having fun! Like, I seem to have forgotten that the reason I program is because I like to program, but my larger project has been nothing but headaches lately and it seems to have jaded my whole programming experience.
Clojurescript is actually gaining a lot of popularity. I've never heard of anyone actually using the CLR version, though. And I'm pretty sure no one really cares about it, seeing as how almost all work is done towards JVM Clojure and Clojurescript as far as tooling and language improvements go.
Clojurescript is actually gaining a lot of popularity.I'm not really a fan of Clojure in general, but Let's hope it sticks.
playing around with opticl with some neat results pick related has been through several different filtersql:quickload 'opticldefun main file  let img read-jpeg-file file         typecase img           8-bit-rgb-image            locally            declare type 8-bit-rgb-image img              with-image-bounds height width            img            time             loop for i below height                do loop for j below width                     do                       if zerop mod j 3                      multiple-value-bind r g b                          pixel img i j                        declare type unsigned-byte 8 r g b                        setf pixel img i j                          values - 255 r - 255 g - 255 b         write-jpeg-file file img
Does anyone know how to make the modeline thinner?
Neato.Have you tried looking for any functions or global variables that may control that?
Yeah, I didn't explicitly find that, but I found calling powerline-reset gets its size back down, so I'm good. The issue I was having seemed to be with a powerline plugin, not the modeline.
Those people who tried to downplay Clojure reliance on Java should be shot.How is that any different from how CL relies on a fuck ton of libraries to do anything useful?
AMD is postponing their GPU announcement because their shit probably isn't as powerful as the 980Ti like we had all hopedMeanwhile Nvidia gimped the 970 to make the 980 seem better, and have now gimped the 980ti to make the Titan X seem better 5.5+5, ROP, ???Nvidia can get away with this because AMD's incompetence is granting Nvidia a monopoly on the high end market similar to intel'sintel Broadwell chips have marginal performance increases and some features thrown in over Haswell, with the only meaningful improvement being the integrated graphics, which is now going to push AMD out of the low end marketIt's time to give up, guys. the 300 series is going to be the exact same as last gen, and won't be out before Q4, at best. The 390X will be better than a 980 but worse than a 980ti, the 390 and 380X will be marginally worse, and everything else will just be meaningless rebrands without price reduction over the originals.The Zen CPUs are going to follow a similar path, their 2016 release is going to be delayed until 2017 and will only hold a candle to Haswell, instead of bringing the competition to high end Skylake+ chips that we all need.The day that AMD ceases to be anything beyond "the cheap option" will never come. Instead, AMD will cease to be any meaningful option.These are truly dark times. May our monopolistic overlords show mercy.
OK, skyline is garbage

Would I have received a better response had I said something more memetic, such as "IT'S OVER, AMD IS FINISHED!"?
Source on 5.5 + .5? All that other 980ti info?I don't disbelieve it but only a fool would take anything said here as anything other than fiction and falsehood... without a source that is
Q4Can I have some of what you're smoking? AMD literally cannot afford to wait that long
you should stop thinking you know shit
So the new Google Photos app automatically tags your photos so you can search them with a keyword.Pic related, all the pictures of cats I have on my phone.Is this what the photo captchas are about? Are my photos showing up in other people's captchas? Is that how Google knows what is what?inb4 botnet NSA muh privacyI literally do not care at all.
You're more likely to find the answer by reading the terms of service than asking /g/.Also, good goy.
Yes.When you see "Food" as a captcha choice, this is exactly what is happening.The system takes a big picture, crops what it thinks it recognizes and asks you to validate.3 validations approves it.If it gets denied validation it goes into a manual que for analysis.I work for Microsoft and I analyze cortana speech samples.Your voice gets recorded when you use the feature and it gets sent to MS with a context ID.I listen to the audio sample and verify if what it provided was correct, and if it wasn't I recommend what it should have done.
huh, cool.
do you verify my search for brazilian fart porn too?
Is this what the photo captchas are about? Are my photos showing up in other people's captchas? Is that how Google knows what is what?Welcome to the botnet.
get captcha "select the faggotsget a selfie OP has taken
What's the best pdf reader for linux?
Read the wiki
Chrome
MuPDF or Zathura.Also, Active Directory is shit.
Adobe Reader for compatibility
Zathura or mupdf. Zathura is more customizable, but mupdf is slightly lighter. Most others are bloated.
i use mupdf
 compatibilityDafuq? Only thing Adobe Reader has is bloat.
evince
Adobe Reader is the only PDF reader that implements the entire PDF spec.
llpp
I use Atril, this is a fork of Evince.
Okular, In QT environments is fucking beautiful, and it is very functional without any bloat.
anything on libpoppleror just use your over-bloated web browser
That's bloat. It isn't neccessary.
Nobody said it's necessary or isn't bloat. Just that it's good for compatibility.Please stop with the tears
Well, in most cases, yes. But sometimes you need it. Had to use it to fill "interactive" immigration forms, it would only open with Adobe. Foxit breaks on them.
True. I wouldn't say that's enough of a reason to make it your default for regular use though. There are more important factors to consider for typical use.
mupdfand sxiv for images
evince be sure and r-click on the toolbar to add important features
i use mupdfbut evince seems good. just more heavy. but also means more shit to it.
Firefox
Evince is the only PDF reader worth using on Linux. The only other thing that comes close to it is Preview in OS X.
chrome
I use chrome because I can't be bothered to install shit to do the same thing something else already does.
Depends On     : gtk3  libgxps  libspectre  gsfonts  poppler-glib  djvulibre  t1lib  libsecret  desktop-file-utils  dconf  gsettings-desktop-schemas  gnome-desktoplolno
BAWWW DEPENDENCIESYou idiots.
Qpdfview, fast and lets me fill pdf forms.
adobe reader is on linux?honestly with all these alternatives, few of them even already included out the box i never had the need to check if reader was on linux
gnome-desktoplol wut
i just use Xournal, not for reading PDF but for making handwrite annotations on them
lol. not even krita which pulls a lot of k-dependencies pulls kde-desktop.
Or try firefoxfile:///home/anon/muhdoc.pdf
immigration formsah mate, i feel yo pain,
now i take advantage of this thread to ask,theres any PDF software on linux that let you add text fields and radio buttons to scanned PDF forms like Adobe Acrobar.im not feeling like using wine.
I personally like mupdf for muh hjklI find it incredibly comfy that every single program I regularly use has vi-like bindings.
MuPDF and Zathura are not mutually exclusive, in fact you can use it as a backend for Zathura.
stealing ur thread nerdI've made the switch to Debian lately and am loving every bit of it. I've got an extensive eBook collection and would love to pretend to read them for desktop threads.Calibre and Okular are both GTK+ bum trash. Is there anything that prioritizes minimalism/beauty over immediate functionality- effectively the Feh of epub/mobi readers?
OkularGTK+bruh
seconded
Master pdf editor.
evince is made for gnome:from the README of evince:Evince Requirements:GNOME Platform libraries
zathura
thanks bro, i just tested it. its capable enough
qpdfview is good if you have qt
Ok guys I need something that can display chapter on the book like pic related What i'm using on pic related is ePdfreader and while it does the job, i would be glad to get something faster similar to sumatrapdf in windowsI tried both mupdf and zathura, they lacked feature that i need
, 
, 
, 
What display technologies are on the horizon for the next 5-10 years? Is there any interesting display tech that has been successfully demonstrated that is not yet economically feasible? Is SED/FED ever going to make it to market?How good has OLED become in terms of image retention/color degradation. Will we see OLED laptops anytime soon?
Building a PC soon, with a budget of $1200.  Will be used for moderate gaming and running about 500 chrome tabs at once.Shit I already have:Keyboard32" LED TV with HDMI as monitorShit I plan to get:CPU:  Intel Core i7-4790K Devil’s Canyon Quad-Core 4.0GHz LGA 1150 BX80646I74790K Desktop Processor Intel HD Graphics 4600GPU:  XFX Black Edition Double D R9-280A-TDBD Radeon R9 280 3GB 384-Bit GDDR5 PCI Express 3.0 HDCP Ready CrossFireX Support Video CardMotherboard:  ASUS Z97-A/USB 3.1 LGA 1150 Intel Z97 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 ATX Intel MotherboardRAM:  PANRAM Falcon 16GB 2 x 8GB 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 PC3 12800 Desktop Memory Model PUD31600C98G2FSKSSD:  SAMSUNG 850 EVO MZ-75E500B/AM 2.5" 500GB SATA III 3-D Vertical Internal Solid State Drive SSDHDD:  Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 ST3000DM001 3TB 7200 RPM 64MB Cache SATA 6.0Gb/s 3.5" Internal Hard Drive Bare DriveCD:  LG Black 12X BD-ROM 16X DVD-ROM 48X CD-ROM SATA Internal Blu-ray Disc Drive Model UH12NS30 - OEMPSU:  CORSAIR CSM Series CS650M 650W ATX12V v2.4 and EPS 2.92 80 PLUS GOLD Certified Modular Active PFC Power SupplyWireless Adapter:  ASUS PCE-AC56 802.11ac Dual-band Wireless-AC1300 PCI-E AdapterCase:  Cooler Master Elite 430 - Mid Tower Computer Case with All-Black Interior and Windowed Side PanelQuestions:Will this shit work?Anywhere I should get better / lesser specs?Any other advice for a technologically retarded guy to consider?
TVas monitorTrust me, that is a terrible idea.I doubt you need an i7 and Z97 chipset motherboard.Optical drives in 2015 are pointless.Avoid WiFi like the plague, unless you ABSOLUTELY have to use it. Ethernet is way better.
Why is TV as a monitor a bad idea?  I actually don't know thisAnd sadly, I have to use wifi but can use ethernet on occasion, depending on location
Why is TV as a monitor a bad idea?They are far too big. You have to have the TV a significant distance away from you if you want to be able to see shit without constantly moving your neck.A lot of "1080p" TVs have native resolutions much lower than that. That mean that at 1080p, everything except games and movies will look like pure shit, especially text.The pixel density is laughable, also contributing to shitty text.They make great secondary monitors but fucking terrible primary monitors.
Response times and input lag
I also forgot to mention that they really aren't designed to be sat close to. An actual computer monitor will be a lot crisper. TVs have a bit of 'noise' you can see, which is very noticeable on flat colours.
So, don't get TV as monitor.Any other fuckups I might have made?
Like What do you plan on doing with your computer? I doubt you need an i7.Most expensive doesn't mean best anon
You bought an overclocking board but no cooler.
What do you guys recommend for a motherboard, or should I just get a cooler for it?I've also heard about getting a better gpu.And I'll probably go i5s now I think.  How many do I need?
pcpartpicker.commake a list using this website.
Is this for gaymen? If so skip the 4790k and get a 4690k and use the extra hundred dollars on a gpu. Don't get a pci-e wifi adapter get a usb one.
getting a similar build, just under $1,200 before rebates
Protip get 2x4gb ram to take advantage of dual channel access
also maybe look into another cheaper sandisk ssd
I was going to place the single ram into the slot farthest away from the cooler, because I don't know if it will clear, if it does I can just order another 8gb stick of ram.Those had very bad ratings so I was going to look into them to see if it was user error or if they really were bad.
spending $1200 for a custom pcyou could easily build 2 with used parts and actually get work done. i built 2 computers for roughly $1000 back in 2012 and i have been able to play everything up until the newer games on max settings. come tax season i will just get some refurbished video cards and use my old cards for 2 more computers. think ahead, dont base a custom pc around solely gaming. when you finally grow up you'll realize dumping money into gaming isn't that wise when there are other hobbies you could be doing with your computers that will actually enrich your life, versus destroying it.
I'll also be using SAS and excel excessively on my pc, so it's not entirely for gaming
Go i5 and get a better GPU, you don't need an i7 for vidya.Z97-A is excellentGet better RAM, G.Skill is good quality and still cheap. Mushkin is alright if you REALLY need to cut costs. Try to go for ones that have 9-9-9-24 timings or less for good quality.The 850 EVO is fine. Though there are still cheaper drives that are as good nowadays if you want to shave off a few dollars.Wireless is also fine as long as you're getting good reception. /g/ thinks this is still the old 802.11g days when performance was terrible. Wireless n & ac are practically indistinguishable from wired these days unless you're trying to connect from across the house through 6 walls.
ThisSeriously I hope OP is a troll or else he is a fucking moronYou don't need an i7 nor 16 go of ram or anything else. Get a fucking laptop and a console it will be way cheaper.
You need at least 32Gb of ram for photoshop, but that may translate differently into Canadian memory.
Get a fucking laptop and a console it will be way cheaper.You can make a pretty good i5 build for 800~ usd that's probablay the best option
Op here, I admit I'm technologically retarded.  That's why I'm asking for help.
get an ayylmaoware.
My updated parts list:I more on track now?
Fixed. See link.
Why would he have to need it to buy it?
I think you meant "what."Video editing, heavy streaming, multi-tasking while under load, opening every single webm in a thread, and shitposting at the speed of light.And OP, you now have 100 bucks to pick your own case. I'm I suggest the NZXT Source 210 mid tower in black or white but that's completely up to you.
Cheaping out on the motherboard to get a memecoolerNigger put the Z97-A back and go with the Hyper 212 EVO, it's more cooler than you'll ever need and only $35
Z97-A is the one I had in my parts list or the one in the original post?
building a pc for my friend, havent done this in a while just wanna make sure parts are kosher. gonna be for light gaming, mostly hon/dota2. but he'll be using ableton/logic dual booting and does a lot of music production. im not entirely sure if you need a sound card for that, he has a DAC along w/ 10k+ of equipment.thus farcpuIntel Core i7-5820K Haswell-E 6-Core 3.3GHz LGA 2011-v3 140WmoboMSI X99S SLI Plus LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 gpuold msi 560tihdd/ssd1tb TI blue, samsung 850 evo 250gramCORSAIR Vengeance LPX 16GB 4 x 4GB 288-Pin DDR4 2400psuSeaSonic M12II 620 Bronze would like case/cpu fan suggestions.
800 and will easily do 500 and GTA on high settings.
$1200no monitorr9 280seagatei7Ditch that shit, get a 4690k + 980 build
I get why all the other shit is bad, but what's wrong with the seagate?
overclocking boardCorrect me if i'm wrong, but all boards can OC fine, it's just that some are easier?
OP here, here's my latest draft:other fuckups or am I good to go?
Don't buy windows, torrent it. Use a usb wifi receiver instead of wasting PCI slots on that,
You can if you know what you're doing. If you don't, go the easy route and stick with a mobo specifically advertised as OC.
You're good to go. I'm assuming you're going to get the windows 7 ultimate iso and daz loader.
Use a usb wifi receiver instead of wasting PCI slots on thatNo, that is stupid advice.
How does usb wifi compare to pci-slot wifi?
For starters, it's not a mini-ITX motherboard and he isn't using 3-4 GPUs are anything silly like that. PCI-e slots are not at a premium.In my experience, PCI-e wifi is a lot more reliable, and the drivers are a lot better. You could also argue more technical things like how PCI-e has less overhead than USB, but I don't really know how much difference that makes for Wifi.
all of 5 mins on local listings MSI GTX980 $499.00class="quote"Gaming PC - 4670k, GTX 760 and more!$450.00$949.00
what I've got now.
I mean what I intend to purchase.
either get a WD Black or a 128/256gb SSD for boot and primarily filesother than that it looks fine
How do I stop Chrome from having such high CPU usage while only watching a single stream?
any yearwillingly subjecting yourself to botnet/g/fucking why
niceme.me
flashJust use livestreamer
install gentoo
thissomehow twitch is taking so much memory lately
nice botnet
This, and if you're desperate to talk in the chat just use Chatty alongside it.Seriously, I have no idea how anyone uses that bloaty shitty site just to watch streams. I only ever use Chatty for one specific friend when he streams also.
Get a better CPU
Old Thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking child. to get into private trackers and survive: Interview Notes: as a link to find the /ptg/ threadRemember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a child. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
Is AnimeBytes still king, or has a better alternative arisen?
AB for archive, Nyaa/xdcc for current stuff
King of what?Anime that's finished airing? Yes.
freeleech on ggn, get your games while it's hot.
/v/
Most of the stuff I download is more /tg/ actually.
rec me a seedbox with:1.at least 100gb of storage2. 1gbps of upload3. bandwith don't care if it's capped but at least 2TB.4. less than $10 ameribuxxxbonus points if it doesn't suck.
rec me a seedbox with:1.at least 1tb of storage2. 10gbps of upload3. bandwith don't care if it's capped but at least 20TB.4. less than $0.80 ameribuxxxbonus points if it comes with free bars of gold.
Kek
Member of AoM coming through. Bow down to me you disgusting plebs.
kek
Jesus Christ that site looks like absolute garbage
Sure you are anon. You can be anything you want
Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/Tell that to all the Oppaitime members
almost
How can I start building a ratio on Waffles? I don't have a seedbox and I don't plan on getting one at the moment.
A very large percentage of /ptg/ invited to a public trackeralmost nobody"Almost" indeed
Literal manchildren
Upload some shit
create a bandcampstart creating shit up, label it as experimental indie latvian freak power folkupload it to bandcampulpoad it then to waffles and say it's some obscure band from your cityupload in all formats possiblevbr and cbr mp3, aac, uncompressed flacs, wav, ape, alac, etc.rinse an repeatenjoy your buffer m8, that's what I do on what.
Just found your uploads. Sent a staff PM alerting staff to your fake uploads with a link to the archive should you delete this post.gg no re, fagtron
implying you found me cmon laddie.
BTNAB
Why are you even comparing those two?

Again, why BTN?It's not anime-centric at all, and certainly doesn't have the same selection.Did you perhaps mean, BakaBT?
Now that GGn is freeleech what are good torrents to hop on to increase my epeen? I need to increase my woodchopping level
btn has all the anime animebytes has
A 2 second search would tell you otherwise.
You're right, BTN has more.
shilling this hard for BTN
dude, why are you even doing this?I mean, I love BTN, but still.
To the anon who advised me to just download what I wanted When I asked about ratio on pornolab fuck you .,now my ,   account is in ratio watch from what I can make out in the vodka runes and I have no idea what I can do now ?
What the fuck is going on with GazelleGames
Nice going retard.
It's back up. Read the frontpage.
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
You know nobody listens to a thing you say right? Why do you bother?
what is a meme
Certaintly not that
Because BTN is the greatest tracker ever.I've only been in for 6 weeks and I can already see that much.
I've been in 2 months and 5 days anon and I love it too.
pay quarterlyAre you sure that's how it works? It's seems to me they just give you a discount if you sign up for 3, 6 or 12 months. They still charge you each month.
I've been in for a year and 4 months and I can tell you that it feels pretty average after a while.
You pay for the 3 months upfront.Its up speed is 125Mb/s
Why did you delete your post?
Really? Sounds great, it's a shame the code does not work anymore.
Just because you've gotten used to having everything at your fingertips doesn't make it average.
Cause the anon asked for 1Gb upload and Ultra's cheap plan is 125MbProbably. Don't remember if that was the right one or not.
If everything's at my fingertips, then something being at my fingertips would indeed be average.
That's not what average means, Anon.
Yes it is
Just because it's the first non-shit tracker you've gotten into, or just because it's the first tracker with a system that you can use with less experience, doesn't make it a supreme better-than-average tracker.You'll realize it eventually.
Been there for years, Anon.I can count the times it let me down on one hand, and still have plenty of fingers left.It's better than any other tracker of its type.
you must have one really bad case of autism if you're proud of being on a useless, badly designed website simply because muh sekrit klub
Enjoy your honeypots.
implying he's on itread the date retard, these screenshots are in the public space and pretty much all we know about what's in there
tfw sextreme perv on emporniumwow_its_fucking_nothing.pngmaybe I'll get invites later down the road bros

anyone check pulsedmedia?1GB of upload 500GB of storage, unmetered,  and is dedicated, for like $12 sounds like a massive deal.anyone with them?
ask seedbox host a bunch of questions about upgrading to a better planthey start ignoring meI'm starting to get pissed.
Sometimes it seems their support can't quite grasp what you're asking them in English. They apparently ignore any of your replies on your ticket that aren't confirm/deny of any question they asked.They have some great value plans but they support has been seriously pissing me off.
link to that seed host has been deleted
Ultraseedbox?
How's whatbox? As in speeds and reliability.
New account time?
Pretty good
Too expensive for too little offered.
seedboxuploaded 0 bytes yesterdayuploading less than a single gigabyte today on wcdless than 800 MB on all trackersIs my provider fucking with me?
yes
15 minute old request on WCD for an ebook I already have, for 45 fucking GBcreating torrent, refresh request pagefilledfuck this shit
notahoneypot.me guy here, any requests?
Daily reminder that this thread is a honeypot general.
anon the wcd ebook request scene is cutthroatbefore when I was a poor fag that's what I had to do to survivejoin #bookz and #ebookstype @search in each oneselect only ebook and unfilled on wcd request pagerefresh 2-3 times every minute or sodo this for hours at a timenew request pops upquickly check it on the irc channelscheck the request properly while the bot searchesits usually for a print only book or for a measly 100mbif you find it on irc and its a worthwhile bounty rush to fill itotherwise return to step 3
yeah it's pretty much the only way to get ratio when there is no freeleech event.
I like your site but aren't you worried about getting shutdown?What are your epeen goals?Any trackers you still need to join?How about user classes?Any non private tracker projects you want to do?
not really, i only advertise it here pretty muchdon't really have epeen goalsi guess having HDBits would be cool but my country is banned on it, not sure if they enforce iti'm not high user class on most trackers, don't see a point to itas for non private tracker projects, like what? maybe
I'd like to get into theVault. Only one I'm still interested in joining apart from AoM which is a pipedream. Maybe you have a plan to set up VPS for anons or another nice website.
Maybe. Who is it?
why are people looking for ebooks on what
Are you allowed to install anything good?
I hate asking. But since bB is shit. Could you possibly get Boogie Nights in 1080p?
So is /mu/tracker dead now then?
Anyone got a bib or mam guide for stripping the drm and returning the kindle ebooks?
No, they got a new host & they're slow about pointing the site to it.
Yeah, here's the official Bib guide.add DeDRM plugin to calibreget kindle bookadd copy of book to calibre - DRM stripped automaticallyreturn bookrepeat until amazon account banned and kindle flagged
it's downloading
Zeke and Luther, if you can find it please
downloading the first season
Ok thanks. What excuse should i give them for the return when i send the email or call costumer service?Also i can make new accounts with those prepaid debit cards right?
What excuse should i give them for the return when i send the email or call costumer service?You thought it was a different book with a similar name, you realized you already had a copy of the book on another device, you've converted to judaism and can no longer use electronic devices on weekends so you want to switch to physical books, etc.It's not hard to make up an excuse.
you've converted to judaism and can no longer use electronic devices on weekends so you want to switch to physical books, etc.kek
you've converted to judaism and can no longer use electronic devices on weekends so you want to switch to physical books, etc.Kek, ok i'll just tell them my hand slipped and i clicked the wrong one. Still wondering about making new accounts after getting flagged.
i'll just tell them my hand slipped and i clicked the wrong oneThat is quite possibly the worst excuse I've ever heard. Have fun getting flagged immediately.
I was joking m8
Jokes are supposed to be at least mildly funnym8
Thanks!
no problem, will take a bit tho, has only 1 seeder
Thank you so much, let me know if I can snatch something for you in return
1 seederdon't forget me, the partial seeder who has been trying to snatch it for about 2 days alreadyI've seeded around 6 gig to you already but only downloaded around 7 myself from the sole seeders slow ass speed.You're going to see your download speed drop way down shortly.
to be fair, i don't think lots of people are looking for preteen nickolodeon shows :
When was it ever alive?
So if I'm on a seedbox, can I still download other stuff from the same tracker directly to my home computer? Like can I use my seedbox and home connection simultaneously?
What the fuck is happening? I usually get 5 GB a day max. Did my ISP just bless me or something?
post yfw you still can't sort by seeders on ToTV
Oh wait there's seeders?
What do you mean? Did you finish downloading from me yet?
maybe, says i'm downloading from one peer
guess its a race to see who finishes first now
you need to check the tracker's rules, but i know the major 3 wcd/btn/ptp are okay with you using up to 3 ip addresses to leech/seedjust make sure you're not seeding mlp.s05.e07 on one box and leeching it on another
btncaring about ratioon a ratioless tracker
you need a certain amount of data to rank upseeding and leeching from yourself would likely be considered cheating
Thanks!
What's the easiest way to chat on IRC? I need to resolve an issue but don't want to deal with all those fucking commands and shit.
mibbit or kiwi ircthey're web clients
Are any of you on 
which company?name and shame!
honest opinion: speeds meh, storage good, support 10/10
don't want to deal with all those fucking commands and shit/connect, /join, and /part are too fucking hard for you huh?
Ultraseedbox.I asked questions like "will you transfer the entire seedbox install into the vps?" and "this price you gave me is lower than what I was expecting, is it the actual recurring price or a one time price?"I'm guessing I must have stepped on their feet or something when I asked if I could get a partial refund and start a new 3 month plan with the VPS. It's been more than a day already and no response to the ticket.
Expensive but you can't put a price on the great documentation and support they have there.
rutracker doesn't have it.anybody have the WEB FLAC of Jedi Mind Tricks' latest album " The Thief and the Fallen" since I am sure it's on wcd
Yeah, now fuck off.
What are you gonna give me for it?
what can i give you? nothing really except a warm feeling in your stomach
Semen?
asked if I could get a partial refund and start a new 3 month plan with the VPSm8 that's retarded
Why? At the very least they could have just said "no", answered all my other questions. You know, instead of ignoring all the questions. I would have dealt with it and moved on.
is this?
Pretty much chinese animebytes and asian dvd club combined.
Is there any tracker that has PS3 DLC's? GGn has a few of the major ones Last of Us but generally all they have is the vanilla scene rips of games. At the moment I have to trawl Spanish and Italian forums to get what I want and its sometimes impossible to know if the versions match up.
Thanks so much, anon!
I just got into it.
 Do you have any invites? If you do go to the invite forum in animebytes. I need to get into this.
Anyone on ToTV? What's the content like? Just for an example, can you show me the page for Star Trek TNG? Thanks!
Nope no invites sadly.
Can anyone on BTN tell me what quality Married with Children is in?
Nothing really there atm. TNG isn't on there along with many others
dvd rips, x264, mkv, etc.pretty nice Married with Children NTSC DVD DD2.0 x264 Hype.mkv
Cool. Cool.Soon...hopefully.
Thank you.
What is the recommended way to get onto BTN if you're on what and bB? Getting upload credit on what is difficult, even if you've uploaded a few albums.
None of those uploads are even Star Trek, they're all autofill fails.
Didn't you got it for half the price? Thought you were happy with it, you did quite well last freeleech. If you are not able to get a refund I'll be glad to buy it from you. How much does it have left, 1-2 months?
Yeah. I'm so happy with it, I wanted to upgrade to their unmetered 1 Gbps, double CPU, 1.8 TB dedicated HD VPS, which is on 25% off recurring promotion.I think I haven't used even one month of the 3 month plan; that's why I asked if a refund was possible as well as many other questions. I thought they'd at least entertain it considering I'm moving from their cheapest seedbox to their best VPS.
Is there a tool or something to display and export all the information inside a .torrent file?
your passkey afterwards.
No way. I need to check at least a thousand files.Thanks though.
Write a script then. Torrents are basically json files but in a shitty format called bencode or whatever. Ruby is nice and has a suitable gems for processing it:
b-bump
On what become elite and have a 6 month old account. Just keeping uploading 2015 bandcamp until you hit that 100GB or search for easy bounties. Why not buy some of those web DL albums people request and offer big bounties for? It'll be worth it in the end.As for BaconShits I don't know and don't care about faggoty reddit circlejerks.
bB recruitment threads.bB is horseshit though.
Copy-pasta reporting in. Seedboxing:Seedboxes are usually connected to a high speed network, often with a throughput of 100 Mbit/s or even 1 Gbit/s. Some providers are testing and offering 10 Gbit/s shared servers, while others are developing other systems that will allow users to scale their needs on the fly. Files are downloaded from the torrent site and its users, and from there they can be downloaded at high speeds to a user's personal computer via the HTTP, FTP, SFTP, or rsync protocols. This allows for anonymity and, usually, removes the need to worry about ratio.[Wikipedia.org]Seedboxes are recommended especially if you have a low home connection speed. How to set up your own remote seedbox:you're looking for a pre-installed remote seedbox, keep in mind the following things when choosing the service provider:must allow unlimited active torrents at oncemust be fast 100 Mbit/s or betterrecommended storage space of at least 100GBmust have unmetered bandwidthThis is a good average seedbox setup. The more speed and storage you can find, the better it is.Happy torrenting.
, 
, 
Let's be honest, Windows Phone is the best mobile OS.  Period.Android is so bloated and laggy it requires shit tons of RAM to work well.  And it's a direct tie in to the Google botnet.iOS is a locked down babby OS with almost no customization or control.  Want to drag and drop files - fuck you, you need to sync with iTunes.Windows Phone is an OS that works flawlessly on toaster-tier hardware while allowing for customization and control.inb4 muh appsPretty much every mainstream service is available on WP.  If you're going to be butthurt about games you're a terrible person.  Mobile games are shit and you should feel bad for liking them.
can't download a songclicking download opens it in a playerNope Nope Nopey Nope you NiggerI still love the OS aside from that though
I wonder why people don't shill wp more. It truly is a great mobile OS.
I own one. It's fine.
not using your desktop to download things
Its not bad, it just doesn't have the same support as its superior alternatives
Lumia 920 owner here.Really like it, it's usually quite fast and getting updates with cool new features all the time is fun. If I compare my current homescreen with a screenshot I took a year ago, it's a world of difference.The only thing I hate though is that it can be really slow at random times, while some other times it will be buttery smooth doing those same things.My mother's birthday is soon, I'll get her a Lumia 640 to be her first smartphone.I'm curious to see what the Lumia 940 will offer. I was planning to use my 920 for a couple more years, but having some nice fast new specs and the ability to hook it up to monitors seems really nice. I'll just wait for some reviews to see how good it will be.
So what's the WP equivalent for .exe, .dmg or. apk?
I have WP but I rarely suggest it to people looking for a new phone, I find it great but I personally can't stand people always complaining about the lack of apps without never having tried oneThe OS has to fit the user, it's not like shilling a gpu that can be consistently better than another
Pretty much every mainstream service is available on WPOh, like Snapchat? Oh wait..
getting 10 second nudes from sluts is an important part of my life
I suggest you to go for the 735 instead of the regular 640imho lumias with oled screen look much better than ips
oh look,I another winshill thread
I know, my previous phone was a Lumia 900, but Glance is a killer feature IMO.

glance is cool but drains the battery pretty quicklyalso battery life on 735 is astonishingif I have to find it a flaw, is the double tap to unlock the screen working terriblylike, seriously? even low tier models do it better!
it's notYou're a real life faggot, aren't you.
Had a WP Lumia 925 while it was all right, the grass is not greener.  Every time you switched apps that weren't built into the OS you'd get a "Resuming..." screen for several seconds, often losing your place.  This was on a phone with 1GB of RAM, I can't imagine how bad the 512MB ones are.There was also an issue where the Messaging app would spawn 5+ instances in the task switcher.  I dunno if this contributed to the RAM issue, but it was certainly annoying.Not having apps was mostly an inconvenience, but Snapchat was one where there was no alternative.  Not that I'm a huge user of it, it's just annoying.  Also no banking apps.Of course, this will all be fixed with Windows 10 if you believe Microsoft.  Just like 8.1 was going to fix all the issues of 8, and 8 was going to fix the issues of 7.  I'll believe it when I see it, but for now I'm back on Android.
I have an option to get 520 for free, 640 for ~90euros or 535 for ~30 euros. I don't use ANY popular app, this would be my smartphone just for calls, texts and occasional surfing. Also, will all of those get w10 upgrade? Which one do you think i should take?
Yes it is.
I'm curious, can you pirate apps on WP like you can apks on Android?  I'm not paying for third party shit that may not even be optimized unless Microsoft's QC standards are close to apple's.
tilesthey are for floors, not phones m8updates & settingsyou have to restart the phone to add a keyboard layout or change a language. Updates take like 10 minutes to install, with 'Updating Step 6 of 22' taking most of the time.adsliterally 99% of wp apps have ads in them, plus the selection is limited, no way to adblockapps'pretty much every mainstream service' is not good enough, i need my bank, work, and home alarm apps to use my phone comfortably. Also, your argument about games reminds me of a fable, called 'Fox and Grapes', maybe you heard of it.internetIE is SHIT. NO adblock I know I already said it, but I'll say it again, sites render incorrectly, broken site features because of disregard for standards. No way to change browsers. UE Browser is just a reskinned IE, it has same problems as the stock IE. Same with other browsers there are like 3 of them. No Chrome or Firefox builds, no Naked browser or any other browsers that use an engine other than Trident.customizationso your tiles are now pink. I'll enjoy my huge selection of third-party launchers, custom widgets and custom icon packs instead.bloatyou can install custom roms if you hate the carrier bloat. Also, there are more phones with stock or near-stock android out of the box than all of windows phone models put together. My new phone has near stock android a few moto tweaks were added, gestures primarily.low hardware requirementsthat's why half of windows phones still have 512mb of ram. Windows Central, when writing about a WP app or a game, even states that 'it works on 512mb devices', like it's a fucking feature. Embarrassing.source: WP user for half a year. Fuck that shit.
"There have been scores of Twitter accounts over the years claiming to be from Steve Ballmer but they have all been fake. There has been one account @stevebmicrosoft that many believed to be the big man but it was never confirmed."Did you even read the article?
It literally has no apps.Plus app development on that platform gets shafted compared to Android and iOS.
oh yeah, and THIS. You have to JAILBREAK your windows phone to install an app from outside of windows store.
Holy shit. Are they trying to kill any 3rd part support? Fuck M$
I'd say go for the 640 for hardware and looks, also the 535 had a dealbreaking touch issue, I don't know if it was fixed
never used WPdoes it have proper file manager/third party file managers?does it have apps like openvpn, torrents, vlc?can one install non windows store bought/downloaded apps?is there any kind of retarded shit like lockdown/walled garden/need to root or is it "open" like desptop you can go to system32 and do wtf you want.does it have proper settings like on desktop gpedit/registry etc?pls tell me more
Is there a list of phones receiving win10?
Textsecure isnt available on WP and before you cry, my work colleagues and some friends use it.Also your complaints about iOS are invalid. You just need an app for storing files then you can store anything you want, the OS isnt preventing you form doing so.Also isnt WP locked down too? Can you gain root privileges and change anything without a crack? Do you not need a  ms developer account to execute your own applications? Does it allow you to inspect the source code, change it and resistribute it? Seems kind of hypocritical to call iOS locked down if WP is hardly any better.
some points you made are correct, except the update & setting and ads part. I never run into an ad using my lumia, and only when I went from cyan to denim I had to restart the phonealso had a moto g 2014, that sucked more than any wp device out there, and near stock android is much more bloated than wpas for the low hardware part, a lumia 530 is snappy and smooth, you won't have the same experience with a 60 bucks android phone
There's no such thing as jailbreaking a windows phone. You can install different countries' ROMs but you can't significantly alter the system's behaviour.
All of them running 8.1. Preferably get one with 1GB or more of RAM though.
they said any device running windows phone 8 or 8.1 will get 10, but as of now only most low end models can run it. I'm not 100% sure about which models though
You can jailbreak they call it "Developer Unlock" a windows phone to sideload up to 10 apps on it.
Plus app development on that platform gets shafted compared to Android and iOS.How's that?
No wonder Windows phone isn't selling. No 3rd party app support. Scant mainstream services support. Babby UI. It's like they WANT to lose money.
Hey op, I'm looking for a snapchat buddy! Send me y- oh wait :^
Anyone with an 830? How is it? Seriously debating on getting one.
Nice build quality, very good grip/feel on handUnderwhelming screenGood battery lifeI've been using it for 3 days now. For 200€ I'd say it's a good buy. Not above that price though
You spelled BB10 wrong
not using audioticapleb
That's what snapschat is for?!Fuck WP! Im getting an android!
i torrent full albums straight into my music hub no matter where i save it on the disk all the time, what the fuck are you doing?
What's the cheapest WP phone?Is there a way to use Nike+ Running?
In all seriousness I'm done with android, what are some things I should know before I get a windows phone later this year when the W10 models come out.
Just like 8.1 was going to fix all the issues of 8, and 8 was going to fix the issues of 78 had the necessary performance improvements that windows 7 needed.8.1 made it more accessible for none tablet users and fixed a shit ton of bugs from 8.10 is perfection aside from a few ugly icons.
I doubt Windows phone is open for what you suggested. But I don't think anything is stopping people from releasing the source online and letting you compile it on your own phone through visual studio.I do know that VLC is on Windows Phone. If you go to windows phone app web page you can see everything it has. It's a mixture of disappointment and pleasant surprises. For whatever reason google refuses to make apps for the platform.
Agreed
I don't like mine. The app support is terrible, and there should have been a continuity like feature in the 8.1 update. I'm holding out for the 10 update, which is what I've been waiting for since I got this shit.I really want Windows 10 to give me a reason to like the platform anymore; these days I do all my work on a Mac or Linux box.
Buying WPNot getting the Lumia 1520
iOS is a locked down babby OS with almost no customization or control. Want to drag and drop files - fuck you, you need to sync with iTunes.Literally, any based cloud service makes your point obsolete when it comes to files.Custom keyboards in iOS 8, what other "customization/control" do you need on your damn phone?
I've only ever used them in stores, but they seem super slick and easy to pick up and use without having to learn a lot or mess with a lot of settings. Sorta of the smart-phone answer to Chromebooks. The price and design on a lot of them I've handled in stores makes them tempting as gifts.
Once Windows 10 is out there won't be much of an excuse to not port considering the two options.
You mean Interop unlock?
Random slowness is .net vm and garbage collection I assume.Apple really benefits for not making things easy for developers / setting the bar high in this regard.
I seriously have no idea what snapchat is, and I have an iPhone
Yeah, once devs can write an app and have it run on all Windows devices it will be a much more attractive target.The 3% market share on phones and the fact that nobody on 8 or 8.1 want anything to do with phone style apps makes it pretty easy to ignore right now but when you think about the billions of devices you will be able to reach with a Win10 universal app things look good. And with all the effort Microsoft is putting into making developing or porting apps over to be easy we should see lots of things pop up pretty quickly.
With that all said I have a feeling the Snap Chat creator won't even if Microsoft were to magically got 50% of the market.Maybe it just means someone has to make a better app and market it. Shouldn't be hard snap chat is kind of shit, or at least on android. Then again most apps on android are shit.
They may eventually change their minds.is another one I would like to see on board. MS even built a full app with everything but access to their app store to show them it would work and they turned them down.
Just like in Windows...  .apx
It has IE right? It's downright primitive compared to Chrome or Safari.
This is true, lots of websites don't work at all or just are glitchy and features don't work.
file managerPlenty! first and third partytorrent appsYes plenty good one even official qtorrentediting registryNot without dev+Interop unlock Interop currently only possible on Samsung Ativ S and Lumia 635
The official VLC player is indeed available on WP and under active development
IE on WP8.1 spoofs and Android 4.1 so blame Android
How is it Android's fault that IE is shit?Was it IE and Netscape's fault that Opera kept spoofing their user agents and getting pages that would only work in those browsers?
Having an iPhone doesn't mean you would know what Snapchat is
Because before it spoofed to Android it's html score was much higher
Had a Lumia 1020 and boy was it fucking shit.no appsno customizationno easy download methodsno adblocktiles looked like straight shithad to signup for all of microsoft's shithad to link countless social networkshad to reset multiple times to fix errorsfinally got a HTC M8 and it feels good but I still use my 1020 for a nifty camera...
Can anyone take an educated guess how the F.B.I found the Silk Road's server in Iceland?
social engineering.
But would they not need an IP ? Using TOR I thought it was hard to gain that kind of information.
AKA pipe to the head
/whois silkroad
/thread
if I recall, he made a mistake somewhere in the design or so that allowed them to figure it outof course, it's probably they used parallel constructionin any case: let that be the lesson: the government has infinite resources to hunt you down if they choose to, how long do you think you can keep going without slipping up even once? without making a tiny mistake?
The court records make it sound like the FBI really didn't care much for the SR investigation, and the DEA spent much of its time bungling leads and pounding sand. It was only when some sort of mistake de-anonymized the server and they were able to get locations and names that the investigation was able to gain steam.
He had his true IP address leaked for like a week, a few anons messaged him but he ignored/was too busy
Tor isn't secure.
Google
The FBI hasn't caught those guys that hacked Home Depot, a bunch of Banks, or the guys that hacked Target.Probably a bunch of Slavs that did it, FBI can't do squat to them.
IIRC a third party researched that and released a report that said it was pretty much impossible for SR to leak the IP by any meansEven the official FBI/DEA report is sketchily vague as to how they got the server in IcelandConsidering the two of the agents running the show are now in prison for taking a bunch of Ulbricht's buttcoins when he went down, its feasible they did something illegal to get the server tooUlbricht probably could have got off with a lot less if he challenged the legitimacy/legality of the evidence from the server, but his retard lawyer wanted to run with the "he only founded it, he was framed" angle even though no one was buying it
nsa told them, as to how nsa found the server, easy, they log all the traffic.
le I2P face
ALL
Buying your drugs on the NSA's back garden
Shut the Fuck Up
what is that japanese/asian thing?
Perfect dark, a proprietary p2p program used by the japs to distribute anime, manga and tv shows.It's shit though.
stuff
Can anyone take an educated guessThey already said how they found it. Haven't you been following the fucking trial at all?
if you all faggots are so good at coding, why don't you do your own dark market?  what is stopping you?inb4 life sentence for coding a site
It takes more than programming skill to start and operate a secure dark market. I know many people I would consider to be good programmers who would not have the skill to do this properly, myself is included.
a bunch of accounts including the one of the admins was controlled by the fbi
What are the fundamental differences between Tor and i2p?Don't they both work through layers of encryption?
 good at codingThere's not just one type of coder. Creating a site like this is a pretty particular skillset.
particular skillset.
Doesn't the NSA run half the tor exit nodes?
Yeah, and Lizard Squad runs the other half.
The guy apparently advertised the website on a regular website using his own gmail account ! I'll try to find the article in Le Monde and keep you updated.
I believe the reason it was so successful was it's affect on "the war on drugs".
That's how they found out he was DPR, but how they found the server was either packet sniffing or the NSA monitoring EVERYTHING
it wasn't advertising but tech support to connect onions to the bitcoin service or something like that.it was something stupid like having his email firstname.lastname@botnet.com  on his question
In tor your data goes and comes back through the same nodes so it's bidirectional, in I2P the data goes through different nodes when it comes back to you. That's one of the main differences, there's more though like their hidden websites and how they implement the encryption and other stuff. Also I2P handles torrenting very well while TOR doesn't, but I2P has way less exit nodes to the clearweb so TOR is better for clearweb browsing.
that speech impedimentmy sides
Does anybody know what % of the vendors on silk road eventually got arrested. I only heard about a handful.
Did they sold legal stuff too?
Did anyone get shit from it ? I smoke a lot so wouldn't mind buying the ze deepweb if you still can...
It was CAPTCHA. There was a report about it. Basically he loaded CAPTCHA from another server via non-secure means so it showed that server IP.
I don't that that's possible according to
slavssquatunderrated
fbi pls go
When you have then admin of a website under heavy surveillance, you often found out how he rent it or shit like that. If NSA was actually breaking TOR encryption there would be no Drugs/CP on TOR
Genuine FBI agent obviously.
Except CAPTCHA was served from ANOTHER server.
NSA was actually breaking TOR encryptionBut what if they want people to think TOR is secure ?
If NSA was actually breaking TOR encryption there would be no Drugs/CP on TORYou must not know how the US government operates.
They cannot reveal that have broken TOR and other dark networks. If they do then all the drug dealers/pedos get caught by FBI and NSA will get shutdown.Its bureaucracy, and if its gone then 90% at NSA will lose their jobs.
this one's the narc
From my understanding they found the owner based on a forum post that he made years ago when he was just getting the site started,  where he used his real e-mail. Once they got his real e-mail they got him. It wasn't that they broke tor or hacked his site, it was just a screw up on the creators part.
1.  good old school police investigation2.  social engineering very underrated, btw3.  real life OPSEC lapses by admin
Holy fuck. A lot of you are watching way too much TV.
would become just as insecure if adopted widely.
If you want a laugh try browsing /r/darknetmarkets sometime. A full 40% of the people that post there are so far gone it's almost unbelievable.
i.e. how anyone gets caught online
They traced posts to the first mention of silkroad to some forum post that linked to a blog with the steps to access it. The guy who made the blog post used their real info and that's how they got him. If I remember correctly. Then they waited for the guy to go to the library to use his laptop and found all the info they needed on it.
awesome link m8
stackoverflow.  when he first started using silk road, his username was frosty.  a user "frosty" was asking about tor hidden services and php/curl or some shit.  ulbricht used his personal email for that account idiot.  stackoverflow co-operated with FBI, got him.  got laptop before chance to shut it down had truecrypt on it.  bang, life in prison
implying the government didn't pay off the lawyer
Can anyone take an educated guess how the F.B.I found the Silk Road's server in Iceland?it was only a matter of time considering that everybody and their fucking nephew knew about the shit
is there a book on deep web website development / administration?were do they learn this shit? If I have an nginx / flask website, how can I keep it from appearing on search engines and what not?
defending this moron/g/ I never thought you would stoop this low.
the contrarian hipster nature of this board means they would unironically defend even apple if the government/mainstream turned against them
TOR was created by the US government.  If you don't think the DoD, NSA and CIA have a backdoor in layers of the Onion, then you're kidding yourself.
I think it's more than that. People see what he did and think "oh he's autistic and misunderstood *just like me*" and it scares them that some autistic geeky kid could get in trouble for his actions on "teh interwebs".The fact is that stupid shit on the Internet carries repercussions now, and we need to deal with it. SWATting someone gets you in prison. Doesn't matter that it was trivially easy to spoof a phone number and call in a home invader threat. Running a drug market lands you in prison. Doesn't matter that you technically avoided touching the dollars and cents, or laundered it in such a way that such changing hands were not obvious.
They probably just hacked the server and got the real ip that way. It's well known by now that Ross was a super shit programmer. A significant part of the operating cost of the site was paying extortion money to multiple hackers to keep quiet about exploits in his code.
citation pls
and we need to deal with itby stopping mass surveillancerunning a drug markethe wasn't running anything but a website, fucko :^
he wasn't doing anything but willingly renting the space to the child rape ring when he knew that is what it was used for, honest officer
Just read the arstechnica coverage, it's extensive. I don't have time to spoonfeed you.
You must be so busy at 2:30am.
iirc there was a flaw that showed the server's clearnet IP for a very short period of time, or maybe that was silkroad2
just built this...nothing too special, just more than enough to run games at 1600x1200 at my mums house screen in speccy is just one of the monitors from my main rigdefinitely gonna get another 4gb ram as well as the new sandisk z400s ssd when that comes outyes i will oc this g3258 otherwise i would've gotten an i3trust me my main rig is way more beastly and i will post that
gonna get another 8gb of ram and a second 780
My new baby
inb4 costs more than titan xSeriously whats the point?
Very nice = treat her well.
It doesn't cost as much as the Titan x...
You are gay.
 dedicated canceriGPU master race reporting in
2x8+6He can
It has an MSRP of $650, that's $350 less than the Titan X.It's a much better deal than the Titan but Nvidia is still lying about the ROP count though just as they did with the 970.
Didn't notice that. How many watts does that thing consume
Are you sure dude? Do you have a source?
dat copper
1400 MHz/1300 MHz/+1490MHz ?
Dude that's just the 980Ti referenceEveryone knows that the aftermarket variants go up from there.Also the evga kingpin variants tend to be $500+ on top for "enthusiasts"
If you're bring serious, I know as much as the next guy.
Source on the ROP lie? Is it actually going to be a 5.5+0.5 or are you just memeing
Is 1.3 V still save for my TX? I'm running a powerful air cooler.Also, Tis will be ~850 € here in Germany, Titans were avaiable for 950 and 900 last month. Tis are shit.
not him and don't have a source, but I've heard it's gonna be some variant of 5.5+0.5, except this time it'll have proper bandwidth throughout, rather than 970's bottleneckI'm guessing it'd be 3+3 or 4+2
Whose dick did you have to suck?Also, reference model is far sexier, imo.
I'm not meming, Nvidia claims the GTX Titan X and 980 Ti both share the same rop count, 96 while running at the same core clock speed, 1GHz, with the same amount of memory bandwidth 7Gbps GDDR5 on a 384-bit memory interfaceThe card actually has 88 ROPs not 96, because like the 970 cutting SMXs does not just cut shaders and TMUs as Nvidia would have you believe. How else can you explain the 15% pixel fillrate advantage?
You clearly have no idea what 5.5+0.5 means if you think you can have a variant of that issue with proper throughput
:^
Unghhh...CopperI miss big ass copper heatsinks before shit got expensive.
Has anyone started to get them yet? It should be trivial now to tell if that's the case now that we know how to spot it
ill let you fuck me in the ass for that card...please
~$800 card for an assfuckm8 I've seen virgin qt3.14 girls going for less than that, let alone a single assfuck
Look on nvidia's website, it's 650, but if you're europoor or somewhere else it probably isnt.
:3
I never understood why companies didn't try copper/aluminum alloys.
I think they became available to order yesterday so people should be receiving them soonthe 980 Ti will still be a great card, but I suspect Nvidia is once again lying about specs for the sake of marketing. As if the 980Ti only having 88 ROPs will make it somehow a worse value than a $1000 GTX Titan X.
Buy a 9703.5 happensSalivating over the 980tiI don't need it r-right guys? M-maybe if I get another 970 I will be happy. R-right?
You're right that they have to be lying about the ROP count. However, it's not necessarily clear that the L2 cache isn't there to support what's left which was the issue with the 970
btw, I'm a grill :^
ahhhh those were the days....when thermalright reigned supreme....
If it did have the L2 and memory bus issue what would the allocation be, like 5.25GB / 6GB?
The 120 was already a nice sink, the copper and black nickel variants were just too good.
Sell that shitcard and buy a single gpu. You always choose the single gpu unless its already the biggest one avaiable.980 SLI is OK but it sucks on VRAM @4K. 6 are better but not when there is 5.5. Im waiting... Good to have 12 GB VRAM.

And it's laying on fucking cloth.Nice job OP.
2x8pin + 1x6pinwow, still a single gpu?
I wonder if there will ever be an aftermarket 12GB 980Ti like the 6GB 780Ti a few manufacturers released, or the 8GB R9 290X.I would think Nvidia wouldn't want it to happen since the Titan X doesn't have good FP64 support to keep it relevant
it must consume over 300w if 8p is rated for 150 and 6p at 75w
PCI-E 75W + 8-pin 150W + 8-pin 150W + 6-pin 112.5 = 487.5W maximum wattage
487.5W maximum wattagethe 295x2 can hit 650w with 2x8pin
actually paying tons of money for an overheating, overpriced, power sucking pile of shit just because you're an idiot graphicsfag that doesn't understand that games don't need fucking overblown graphics effects to be good.
no one cares
You should.  It shows how fucking dumb and wasteful you are.
this.You kids have too rich parents. This money should be used in some productive way, not to waste even more time on being asocial and playing newest CoD.
The SMMs take part in fill rates, and pixel fill rates are SMM bottlenecked on Maxwell. There's a easy test for memory segmentation and Guru3D found nothing.Get the fuck out of here.
Don't they have to be purely an 8-pin connector? No 6+2? That's the way I've always seen it.. If not, correct me?
850 masterrace reporting in, here in Italy too
980Ti is the new 970Every pleb immediately purchased one because it looked like it was extremely powerful for its price, and they thought it would be future proof for at least 2 years, but now they are already selling their 970s.
I have a Evga SR2, I'm a true engineer, I make 100k, I live in Denmark, I pay a lot of taxes. I don't give a shit it's muh money.They have 2x8, the maximum power limit is just a ''law''. You can exceed this value if you ps can take it.
Ahh, I see. Thanks for the info Anon.
Okay poorfag
Even at launch the 970 looked like shit because it fell apart at high resolutions
Get a Titan X thenits currently more expensive but waitor get a used one no one will be older than 3 months
bitch.
What's the point of getting the 980 Ti when the 290X is 95% as good and even beat it in some benchmarks but costs half less?
I'm still rocking my EVGA 670 4GB
3.5
It's a 670 not a 970 faggot.
I run minimum graphics unless it results in bad visibility. I'm looking for something that can give me stable 144 FPS @ 1440p.
What the fuck are you smoking?
For future reference, one year down the line if I feel the need to upgrade, if I already own a 970 would it be more worth it to upgrade to a 980 ti or just SLI two 970s? I'd rather not sell my 970 because I overclocked it and wouldn't feel right selling it to someone else when I possibly decreased the lifespan.
you you have a 970, go for the sli
EVGA Kingpin =/= Referenceretard
I've got a Palit 670, 2GB. Hopefully nvidia's next series is a big step up, because I really want to upgrade.
Only a year from now? I'd SLI as long as it's the clock bringing you down and not the Vram.You should be able to wait until the next generation if you're only gaming on 1080p though.
Anon, I own a iGPU.
Yep I am really tempted to get the 980ti but I'm getting a 5930k for like $200 brand new and i'll worry about that for now. My 670 isn't having any issues and I use 3 monitors also..
Please tell me you're b8ing
Should I step up to 980ti acx 2.0 from 980 sc acx 2.0 ?
Mine isn't performing as well in GTA V as I would have wanted. That being said, I have no idea what I'm going to do with it after I get a new card. It's still pretty decent.
I mean if you can i don't see why not. I wish I could still step up
Probably jjust because of your 2GB basically every game needs more than that finally.
Can't help but notice that only AMD-fags are capable of spiting such nonsense.
Currently have a big ass ASUS 780, looking to get a card with smaller dimensions for a new case or swap mobos and add another 780. Should I pick up a used reference 780 Ti and sell off my 780, or get a new motherboard and hope my AX760 is enough for 2 780's?I'm tired of this cramped ass ITX setup and need more than 16GB of ram.
dat copper
Wait, you can't use a 6+2 in a slot for an 8 pin?
buying jewVidia cards
No..PCI-e75  + 8-pin150 = 225 + 8-pin150 = 375 + 6-pin75 = 450w
this.
What the fuck do you think the +2 means? Its so you can use it as a 6 or an 8. The other two pins are just grounds anyway.
remember kids, the redder copper is, the higher the quality.
Was there some sort of massive brain fart recently where people are thinking more VRAM = better fps? It's like 2002 all over again.You either have enough or you don't and the game chugs. The big difference with modern games is that they're WAY better at managing VRAM usage.If you can name a legit game not Shadow of Mordor or Skyrim mods that need over 3GB at 4K, please tell us.
I watched Linus's video about this earlier and it said 970's sli'd are a better option for 4k gaming?
to bad they got rid of the superior fan design of the 780ti and the see-through case. would look even better with it.
I'm a true engineerSo a mechanical, civil/ architectural or electrical?
Vram is important for large textures, resolution, and screens resoolution if your goal isn't going past 1080p then yeah you don't need much vram but the second you do you will.
Two extra pins somehow provide more power as groundsOk.
Do you even electricity? fuck back to /v/
lel drivers
asscreed unityproject cars on ultrathe witcher 3gta vthat's off the top of my head. I had a 970 and then an sli and everything that ran over 3.5 ran like shit. I eventually just got a titan x which sli doesn't make a difference as it doesn't solve the 3.5 problem. It's a great card for 1080  but chugs like shit at 4k on the more graphically intensive game's we've seen over the past 6 months.
But when you're out of VRAM the fps suffer extremely to the point where its unusable, why would you purposly induce a bottleneck formuh savingsalso GTA 5, farcry4, hardline, dying light
Vram is important for large textures, resolution, and screens resoolution if your goal isn't going past 1080p then yeah you don't need much vram but the second you do you will.That doesn't counter anything I said. In most games, anyways, there is 0 difference between high and ultra texture settings. *IF* you started to use near lel-meme 3.5 GB on the 970, you could just turn the textures to High and MSAA off of 8x when gaming at 4K.
Cute defense.
Guess which way electricity actually flowsHint:[spoiler]negative ground to positive[/spoiler]
why two ssd?
It's a great card for 1080 but chugs like shit at 4k on the more graphically intensive game's we've seen over the past 6 months.And that's from using more than 3.5 GB or just running at 4K with poor SLI implementation?
tessellation uses a fare amount of vram also. as well as normal mapping, anisotropic filtering and anti aliasing do as well. all those things add up when setting things to ultra.
But when you're out of VRAM the fps suffer extremely to the point where its unusableOK...If a game is poorly coded, it will. Or you could just turn down the MSAA setting or lower the texture resolution or alter other settings.There is no rule that says a game at 4K NEEDS 4GB of VRAM
inb4 you live under a rock
got one ages ago and filled it up. It's from 4k requiring more vram. I imagine that better optimization could lower the ammount of vram used but things are most likely going to get worse as games get more demanding.
If a game is poorly codedEven if I agreed/disagreed with everything else, can people just stop using this fucking line.Games will be poorly coded and unoptimized. It's a given.
just so I know that you're aware but sli doesn't use the vram from the second card. even with sli 970's you're stuck with 3.5gb of fast vram.
Well if you can't even be bothered to google why, then that's on you.
But having the extra VRAM lets you keep the settings high, the fuck is your problem? inb4  I was only pretending
Actually SLi uses both cards VRAM, they just don't stack because it's mirrored.
2 new poststhanks for the correction. Yes you're right.
2+8+8whatafuckman
With DX12 stacking it will in the new games that use it, still no solution for games that exist right now
Games will be poorly coded and unoptimized. It's a given.Valid point.I'm just hoping people don't think VRAM usage is going to jump a large amount in the near future. The only thing that does it gaming at 4K, but most devs won't make games too strenuous for the *majority* of GPUs on the market.Come to think of it, why isn't there a 8GB/ 7 GB actual GTX 970 variant?
Yes, I now.But it will under dx12
I have a 550w psu from corsair Cs550mIf I replaced my 970 for this would there be a problem ? Of course I'll have to delete my old bios but just curious since I'm slowly upgrading my pc over time and already know a few people that might buy my gpu .
Because the difference between High and nVidia Ultra settings is minimal.
There is no rule that says a game at 4K NEEDS 4GB of VRAMYeah you're right. I can play roller coaster tycoon at 4K under 4GB of VRAM but try the same thing with GTA 5 and you're fucked andturning down the settingsmight as well play on iGPU at 600x300
from what I understand games will have to be coded for it specifically which none of us know how hard that will be and if it will be widely addapted. Considering that a lot of games aren't even that optimized for sli as it's existed for the last 11 years it's hard to say how often we'll see this feature. I tend to not trust devs to all of a sudden support a niche market. I'm not trying to shit on you or the 970. I'm just saying that I wouldn't trust the 970 at 4k.
and High still needs more than 4GB, have you ever played a game or even have a 4K?
Consoles have 8GB of VRAM, expect 12GB on PC soon
they have 8gb of shared ram. we probably won't see games get much over 4gb of vram usage this console gen.
Not sure about the PS4 but the xbone has 8gb of shared system memory, a third of which is being used by the advertising shell and Kinect, unless it's specifically told not to by the game dev
gta6
We already do so I don't know what you're talking about.
what games go way over 4gb at 1080?
we wont' see gta6 for probably 5 years and I'd bet it will be on a modified gta5 engine.
and it will be red and dead
1080 is hardly the PC gaming standard. You're right though but who plays on 1080 and cares enough to post on /g/
I fucking wish even though who knows if it'll be a pc release.
1080p is the current standard according to the poll Steam did a while back. It's true that 1440p and 4K are certainly beginning to make appearances, but most people can pick up a 1080p monitor for relatively cheap, hook up their PC and slam out whatever they want to play. 1440p and 4K may become the standard in the future, and it's certainly moving that way, but as of right now, the most commonly used is still 1080p.
Can I pay more for my heatsinks to be like this?
with DSR, you won't really need an actual 4K screen for a while. But the price floor is dropping fast for TVs at least, not sure about monitors. 4K 120 gz and + have got to be some serious bank right now but the content isn't even there so no point.
Yes, yes you can.They're also heavy as fuck.
tfw trying to decide if you want an optical drive on your laptop
not wanting a portable bluray/DVD player
not getting a caddy drive to put a secondary SSD in that space and using the optical drive through usb cable.do people still use optical drives tho?
Do it. Optical disks are not affected by BadUSB.
personally I don't, but the times I've wanted to watch a dvd on a laptop and couldn't because I didn't have the capability to was a major downer.That's only happened like, two times, though.
Why do you have DVDs?  Do you still have a desktop with a VHS drive?
times I've wanted to watch a dvd on a laptopWhat in the actual fuck
at friends housefriend's brother is hogging the living room tv"No problem bro, I we can watch it on my laptop!""oh wait"literally just happened today.
I really wish Nipponland would make a second season of Nichijou, it was a great anime.
Now I really want one of these, build a VCR, a betaMAX, and a laserdisc player into a desktop. Fuck it, install a turntable on the top of it too.Maximum legacy support.
20XXoptical drivewhy in the fuck?
Yes, a ton of people do. I use it daily, and everyone I've ever sold a computer to Office Depot tech here wanted a drive. Maybe you and the idiots who use iTunes don't want drives, but the rest of the public does.
Didn't get one on my desktop two years ago and haven't regretted it once.
What if it's a USB dvd drive?
No problem bro, I we can watch it on my laptop!good thing it's not 2002 so I don't have any DVDslet's just take a few seconds to download the moviealright done, let's watch.
illegally downloading a movie you already own
office depot tech
I already have a valid license, I'm just exercising it
Only time I ever use my optical drive any more is for the rare live CD.
itunesnot pirating all your music in glorious lossless FLAC for maximum freedoms
I just wish we could get something other than LN adaptations from Kyoani again. Nichijou S2 will never happen considering how expensive it was to produce and how low the sales were.
try fitting all that shit in a phone or a portable player
does that...work that way? i mean, i've always acted like it did, but i assumed that it wasn't legally viable in reality
You'll be fine unless you move it between different computers like a slut.
Just get a docking station with optical drive.
not streaming in top quality from your plex server
Probably not, no lawfag by anymeans but I think your one download or disc or whatever is exclusive to that one purchase and you're probably technically not supposed to be showing it to other people and especially not renting it or displaying it in a store or shit like that
As long as you don't upload, you're legally fine, probably.
plex
being poor
plex is just, dumb. Like, why even?
I think sales were low due to the tsunami and earthquake that happened. You'll never get a second season of YuukoYet fucking Oreimo got a second season.
You're the one who wants to take your shit with you.Why not take all your shit then.Faggot.
I stream from my SSH server, why would I need proprietary shitware?
No you are not. The license is for viewing the movie on the DVD. Its the same lie rom websites peddle. Its all illegal but its very unlikely you will be caught.
ironically, today was the first time in years that I was forced to use an optical drive. Trying to install centos on an og macbook pro 1,1, which I can't seem to get to boot from anything other than the hdd or a CD.I couldn't even believe that I had a stack of blank DVDs lying around my room. These things must be ancient, but they still work fine.I had to boot a fedora livecd to backup the hdd. I had forgotten how fucking slow a livecd is compared to a liveusb.
But then how would I install all my drivers and everything else without it?
I can just put some stuff on my phone or portable player, why would I need all of it at once?
putting FLAC on a portable playeronly audiophiles do this
FLACUsing anything above 320kbps is pure placebo
I never said you did, but I do it out of convenience. I mean, the server is still there for other reasons, why not use it? I haven't had to worry about disk space on my laptops for over five years now that all my media is stored elsewhere.
I use 192 OPUS and it's good enough for 99% of my musicsome stuff looses noticeable amounts of quality and I have to bump it up to 256
drivers are always available online
do people still use optical drives tho?I have an 'only-fucking-USB3-MB' with no bootable USB3 support :And yes, BIOS is up to date.
, 
Help me /g/Why is my audio doing this?
didn't disable the new botnet featuresYou're part of the botnet now.
realtekFound your problem.
pic relatedAndrew Jones has done it again with a new low cost, kilobuck-slayer speaker lineups!
Why would you make this thread when one already exists?
firefoxquick find"Speaker..."zero results
It's dead now, just dropped off the last page.Don't bother making speaker threads, /g/ is too poor to afford speakers and their living conditions living with parents and/or living in apartments won't allow for it.
Well since there is already a thread here, I have a question.I currently have a pair of Fluance sx6's along with a Lepai2020 amp. Would upgrading to like a 50w or 100W T-Amp do anything? I listen to my speakers more on the moderate to low volume levels and apparently speakers can distort at low volumes as well.
Best bookshelf speakers under 600 ?My option for nowKef Q300BBowers & Wilkins 686klipsch RP-160MAcoustic Energy 301I want great high and mids I left the bass for the sub
That explains why the hpg is so successful and why have so much funpostingMfw I can blast my chinese cartoons at high volume in home
mfw $200 5.0 setupmfwmf is too poor to have a visible face
How bad, or good it is ?My 500 5.1 sounds very good for the price
I was thinking about the Presonus Sceptre S8 for studio monitors. I don't think there's anything better for the price about $1500 for a pair. Limited bass under about 60 Hz, though.
I'm satisfied, but it's my first system so I'm not really the best judge. I grabbed the Fluance AVHTB for $200 and paired them up with a BIC F12. My poor neighbors must hate me when I'm blasting movies and chinese cartoons all over the neighborhood.
Audioengine A2+S-should I?
no overpriced for what you get
I wish these weren't $5000 a pair.
too poorYet they build $2000 machines and buy HD800 headphones.
Houses cost a lot more than 2000 dollars, also, they probably saved up for a year for that.
total garbage, rolls off at 120hz, TRASH.spending 5000 dollars on a pair of bookshelf speakersWhy.You could make an entire setup with custom speakers and custom subwoofers, and all the tools to do so for less.Also, they would perform better.
Boo, well, what'cha recommend?
Why.because they're studio monitors that perform extremely well
Except with a pair of fusion-12s or fusion-15s + custom sub you could be flat from 10-20000khz at 120dB for less fucking money.
Not all people like to build things
20khz* :^pay to have them built, it would still cost less kek.
are the klipsch rb-51 best for the pricerange or is there  better? $249
bass extension isn't the goal; that's easyflat on-axis frequency response isn't that difficult eitherfor high end speakers the focus is also on low distortion, low compression, tight time domain response and good off-axis response; that's considerably more difficulthome theater shit or whatever might have bass down to some arbitrary specification, but it probably fails in other regards, and thus isn't suitable for music production
low distortion, low compression, tight time domain responseAll superior on a properly designed horn systemtheater shit" is a pretty wide covering derogatory term there buddy. These speakers are high efficiency, low distortion, have good off-axis and are EXTREMELY dynamic.Apply XT32 and do some room treatment, add a nice sub and you have fucking perfection.
Weekend /g/ has good speaker threads. Basically when people with jobs are on
those are pretty crap, no bass and meh tier highs.
All superior on a properly designed horn systemthose come with their own problems nonlinearities at high levels, and anyway the main contributor to poor time domain response is a ported cabinetwhat you're describing is fine for home listening but not what I'm looking for
387.00Thats very cheap for perfectionWell, how much I have to spend with quality construcción included because my soft hand dont like to use heavy tools to get perfect sound ?
I got some. With a subwoofer they're great. I use mine without my subwoofers because it's just a damn bedroom.
I had a pair of RB 61-II and they sound like shit on current age receivers.  Hooked it up to a Marantz 2270 and I could finally listen to music for longer than 20 minutes before the sound annoyed the piss out of me.  Too tinny otherwise.
You don't even need tools, buy the flatpack all the cabinet pieces pre-cut and glue them together with wood glue.You'll need a screwdriver to screw the drivers into the cabinets and some sandpaper and paint to make them look nice.
85db efficiencylel
Thanks guys im going to pass on them then.I already have a decent sub and reciever... what would you all recommend for 300 or under? Mind you this is for a bedroom.
I wish I could find some floorstanding stereo speakers instead of those tower speakers Best Buy sells.
Wavecrest HVL-1
If you feel like making some this kit is p much the best shit you can get for the moneymeasure good as fuck.If not you can buy andrew jones pioneer floorstanders or some shit.Also, check craigslist for used shit you can get a good deal.
I would recommend the Fluance Sx6's. Only $130 and sometimes go on sale for less and sound great. I just bought a pair of Powered Micca b42xs because apparently they were so good. They sound like ass and the fluance wipes the floor with them.
miccafluanceOh god whyJust get headphones if you're that poor
I have some DT 880s.
beyersNice.
So Ive had some Klipsch KB-15s running off a Lepai amp for like 2 years and I finally decided I want to upgrade my amp a bit.Any recommendations for an amp ~$100?
nice. I'll be getting those most likely.
Bretty gud
take this trash to /hpg/
meme bookshelf
pls, I'm the only one in speakersquadron who is even pushing the limits anymore.
where the fuck do you even get this money from you've been unemployed since 2006
I find it ironic that this trend also mirrors the real life. Home audio has been in a lull lately while personal audio seems to be getting bigger and bigger.
85db was intended skip to 04:15
You can get these for half off on Black Friday and they sound thousands of times better.
Is that a BS22 you got there?impressions?why is it not standing upright?
low efficiency is intended
Sorry but they can't be meme speakers. They aren't popular enough unlike audio engine ect.
FUUUUUK!!!I got klipsch speakersthe grey ones not gold and I wish we got the towers. I still like them tho.
at least watch the video and hear him out...
Pretty sure everyone and their mother recommends that bright and tinny piece of shit now.
WELCOME TO KLIPSCH TOWERS, PLEASE ENJOY YOUR STAY
oops, intended for 
dude don't you have Best Buy Magnolia shops to test out speakers?The Magnolia Home Theater section in select Best Buy stores carry boutique speaker brands and you can test them there...
Nope.
Klipsch master race
best buy lol mexicoThis is the best they have want 600 dollars for a 150 dollars speakers
What about the klipsch RP-160M ?
I enjoy them. Currently with a BIC PL-200 sub
I wonder how these would compare to my Cambridge Audio S30
left my tripcode on the booth at CES :^
Better for music than home theatre. I've heard reference, premiere, and II. Best all round is reference regular.
why is your hero a caveman ?
Because he invented C which then lead way to Linux and eventually osx.
Thumb up +1 brah :D
He's a radical idealist, but if you don't have radicals, then the moderates seem like radicals Am I making any sense
You could say the same thing to the OP. This thread is a destined shitfestYes, you are
op here, actually more then you might think
Tell me about Richard, why does he eat the cheese?
 Girl has master race Xperia Z3/+/4 Fall in love Breed with her
she's 30 years old, at the very least, but she has a ton of makeup. no thanks.
She's cute but I feel like she probably has a shitty tattoo of an "inspirational phrase" in cursive or wants one.
She looks middle age trying to look like a teenager
I just setup a seedbox on a dedicated server... everything is working great except one thing... i installed a webserver "nginx" so i can fetch my torrents over Only problem is when i try to fetch them i go to my seedbox ip./ the directory that the torrent is in... I get a 404 not found... Wat do?
show us the nginx config file leave ur IP out faggot
permissions
pls help me bros...
why haven't you pasted your fucking nginx config file yet faggot
see
noob here, what is the file path? and ill show you...
ok, i found the config.. Can you just tell me what to change or w.e or comment out?
user www-data;worker_processes 4;pid /run/nginx.pid;events {        worker_connections 768;        # multi_accept on;}{ ## # Basic Settings ## sendfile on; tcp_nopush on; tcp_nodelay on; keepalive_timeout 65; types_hash_max_size 2048; # server_tokens off; # server_names_hash_bucket_size 64; # server_name_in_redirect off; include /etc/nginx/mime.types; default_type application/octet-stream; ## # Logging Settings ## access_log /var/log/nginx/access.log; error_log /var/log/nginx/error.log; ## # Gzip Settings ## gzip on; gzip_disable "msie6"; # gzip_vary on; # gzip_proxied any; # gzip_comp_level 6; # gzip_buffers 16 8k; # gzip_1.1; # gzip_types text/plain text/css application/json application/x-javascript text/xml application/xml application/xml+rss text/javascript;
Anyone?
bump
You'll need to set the fie location to where your torrents are kept.also have to make sure that the user nginx runs as has access to the folder
ok, i will check this out... thank you so much for your help
I'm wanting to become a bit more experienced in terms of how to get my websites better ranked. I've read the basic sort of guides put out by the likes of Google and what not, but I'm wondeirng if anyone on /g/ has a more comprehensive guide that would be of use to me.From what I've seen so far SEO seems like it's a bit over-hyped when people are talking about "SEO firms" and "SEO experts", but maybe there's just a bunch of shit I'm completely missing...
bump
Just hire a shill and you're done. It's more effective than any optimization.
Ok so what's the chances out of the 50 million users or so that your IP will be one to get used when someone decides to fuck some shit up?Also with the bandwidth stealer, how much are we talking are they stealing from you?Is it only when you have Hola enabled? I use it about 30 minutes everyday to unblock sites so I can watch shows on.
why even put yourself at risk?
Using a literal confirmed botnetFucking why?
That would be 1 in 50 million you dumb shit
Well I've used it for 8 months for 4chanz as well and nothing has ever happenedWhat the fuck is even a botnet, it cycles my IP? I have a dynamic IP so everytime I utrn my modem on and off I get a new IP anywayNah you're wrong i studyed english at oxferd
What the fuck is even a botnet, it cycles my IP? I have a dynamic IP so everytime I utrn my modem on and off I get a new IP anywayThe bait is real.
I'm serious I don't visit /g/ at all except one every year or so but I tried reading it and I still don't understand what a bot net isI'm agirl so i dont have to know explain it pls
I'm agirl so i dont have to know explain it plsWay too obvious.
That would be 1 in 50 million you dumb shitNo it isn't. Only if you assume there is only 1 evil-doer using hola.
I added that part as a joke
50 millionWhere is that figure from?  a site selling access to the Hola! botnet, reports 10 million.Hola is well known on /sp/ where one user has been spamming threads with so much child porn that 4plebs stopped archiving it. They have since resumed on a different host.Also their security policy is apparently terrible:

Is it only when you have Hola enabled? I use it about 30 minutes everyday to unblock sites so I can watch shows on.They generally try to use your Internet connection when you are away from the computer and won't notice your browsing being slowed down.  So it runs in the background even when your browser is not open, so people can use your computer for DDoS attacks and child porn posting at any time.  You will need to remove the background service in addition to the extension:
So my wife bought me an Xbox One as an early fathers day present /o/I dont own a television and don't want to buy one.Is there a way to connect it to my catleap 270 monitor? I know I can use a dvi to HDMI connector but what do I do about getting sound from the Xbox?Xbone is dviMonitor is HDMIInb4Korean monitorsXbox/MS hate.
get HDMI to DVI adapter. $5
/o/
Xbone doesn't have HDMI?
How do you justify being a common thief who pirates movies, games, software, movies, books etc, /g/?Denial?Delusion?Don't care that you're a thief?
don't care
ride till i die muhfugga
remember when torrents killed all those people?
So if someone doesn't die, it's okay to steal?The delusion is strong in this one.
I go watch movies in theaters and spend 20+ dollars a ticket.
stealing and theft imply removing the original, downloading something that can be copied infinitely is not theft no matter how much you braindamaged jews imply it is.
I don't care about other people making money.
How do you justify being a common thief who pirates movies, games, software, movies, books etc, /g/?by not having a gf
Hello MAFIAA shill, piracy doesn't exist:sharing is not theft:
Thief implies removing/displacing an original.I don't have money to buy these things, I wouldn't be buying them in the first place.
downloading something illegally instead of purchasingi dindu nuffin guys it's just copies lol
So get a job and buy the shit that you want?  That isn't complicated at all.If you can't afford luxuries then there's your motivation to make more money.
it's just copiesThat's 100% accurate.
This.
You forgot the why part. Why would he want to be doing all that?
So by your warped rationale, the movie industry, music industry, software industry and book industry should sink because if ONE person buys, he should be able to legally make copies available to the entire world via download online?Do you realize how fucking stupid that sounds?
I don't see them sinking. They are thriving.Books were free to copy throughout the while history.
Because the want for better luxuries is directly implanted into the American dream?  We're not talking about food here, just luxuries.  If you can't afford them then you can't have them unless you resort to stealing.That's the way it's always been.
work full-time to purchase these goods you already get for freeThat's just silly.
What does USA have to do with any of this? If you can't afford them then you can't have them unless you resort to stealing.Disagree.
Because piracy is illegal.  I was quoting a flawed rationale that implies there's nothing wrong with downloading copied versions of books, software, movies, etc...If that were okay, there'd be no reason to ever buy, assuming one poor idiot with an internet connection did.
implying people don't already do thatimplying all the 7 billions in the world care about your shitty music
I make $3k a month, but unfortunately my luck does not follow in a path that allows me to pay for anything I can get for free. With disadvantages that I've had in my life ie: GROWING UP 10 YEARS WITHOUT HOT WATER for one, dropping out of school at 12 another, I won't surrender what foot I'm gaining to pay some shitty faggots that already have billions of dollars instead of buying food so I can not be underweight for once in my life before I'm 30.You can have whatever sense of justice you want on the topic, but there are thieves everywhere, all of television itself is thieves when it comes down to it.The people who are too stupid to steal anything are the real fools.
There is a reason to buy - to support the creator.
Why not? Let normie faggots pay for things, that's what they like to do anyway. Every dollar not spent on my escapism is another dollar I can save or put to better use elsewhere.
the goods you already get for freeThe goods you already steal, friend.disagreeIf you aren't a thief, that's the way it is.  Those who are willing to steal, rather than work for what they want will always be able to take what they want.
information is not physical and, thus, cannot be owned.
If you aren't a thief, that's the way it is.  Those who are willing to steal, rather than work for what they want will always be able to take what they want.You just keep repeating the same thing, without even adding any reasoning to it; don't think you're going to convince anyone.
The creator made a product to sell for money, and that's more than likely his job.  The way you support the creator is by not stealing his shit.
Not the guy you responded too, but;So get a job and buy the shit that you want? That isn't complicated at all.If you can't afford luxuries then there's your motivation to make more money.Delusional suburbanite detected. Even if I had all the money in the world, I'd still not pay for your shitty fizzbuzz. I'm going to ask my friend, who already paid you money, if I can have a copy of his. Personally, I don't use shitty proprietary software anyways, because I can have better software within a few clicks and a quick google search. Hell, I don't even have to do that, I can just pack-search vague demands and get free shit. it's just copies lolYou disagree?The delusional rabid fanbase of plebprietary software is one of the worst in the world.
I don't, I use free software and CC/PD media.
This. Intellectual property doesn't exist.
stealI'd steal their shekels if there was a torrent, mate.
It is a discussion about whether copying things for free is stealing or not, so stating that copying is stealing and using it as basis for your argument makes you look like an idiot.
the answer is, of course, yes. it'd  be doing us all a favour, getting rid of all the bullshit that's created solely for monetary profit, leaving the playing field to people who want to pursue artistic expression for it's own merit and crowdfunding systems
free software better than proprietary
The computer understands code,movies,etc. in binarymfw downloading large numbers is illegal
Copying legally purchased items isn't stealing, downloading copies rather than purchasing is.Assuming the creator hasn't given the option of "buy" or "download this identical copy that Jim bought for no cost".
They're both stealing according to the DMCA.
downloading copies rather than purchasing isOnly by your warped definition. Even law does not classify copyright infringement as stealing.
I still go to the movies from time to time.  But fuck paying for a DVD with DRM on it that I can't rip and archive if I want.
ITT: /g/ takes the usual troll bait
microsoft asspained about losing their expensive shitware to free softwareGo home, Microsoft, you're mad.
the best worst part is that it's not any numbers in particular either. somebody can look at a very big number represented by your personal hardware, say "eeeeh... if i apply all of these functions to this number, the end result looks sort of similar to the result from this other number represented by *my* hardware"... and then take you to court and get you locked up for years
I don't pirate anything so nothing to justify.  Buy my music, movies, and software.  And I'm a dinosaur that still buys real books.Don't really care if ppl pirate, but it's obviously stealing.  Hard to argue otherwise.  It's just a socially accepted form of thievery for whatever reason.
Correct, say I buy a DVD/BLU and want to copy it for myself.  Most DVDs now have copy protection and DRM built in that won't allow you to.The act of trying to break that DRM and copy the movie that you paid for, according to the DMCA, is ilegal
HD bait.
Name one freetard software that's better than its proprietary counterpart.
Why do I need to justify this, exactly?
GCC produces better code compared to MS compiler.
GNU/LinuxYOU ARE NOW VERY MAD.
It's not stealing you fucking retard. Learn what words mean. The term for this activity is copyright infringement.
Apache HTTP Server.
You can't steal something from a company that no longer possesses the content itself, and I'm not talking about the production files or any of that bullshit. If you buy media, it is yours to deal with any way you see fit and reasonable, so long as you don't try to make a profit off of it and don't resell at a higher price than commonly found at least in the U.S.. That being said, those "statistics" that "show how much money companies have lost due to piracy" is bullshit. You can't lose money you never had in the first place. To first obtain any money from a product, it must be bought, which obviously piracy does not involve buying the content, so therefore they aren't losing anything. And a pretty big percentage of pirates end up buying the product at a later date if they like it, and I'm not talking about from the bargain bin at Walmart. I have pirated games and movies, played and watched them, then bought them to enjoy them further if I like what I experienced.
More people buy Photoshop than pirate it. Your logic is flawed and stupid. Stop posting immediately. I recommend psychological or psychiatric help if you wish to continue to function as a mentally stable human being.
but it's obviously stealing. Hard to argue otherwise. It's just a socially accepted form of thievery for whatever reason.Nice bait. See this: 
downloading shit without paying from a millionaire company makes you the same as someone who stabbed a kid to get a bike
unauthorized copying and taking of an item you don't own is not stealing, just copyright infringementIf the legal terms sound better in your head that's fine bro.  No secret what it really is.
Copying legally purchased items isn't stealing, downloading copies rather than purchasing is.Oh, well would you look at that! The definition of download is as follows, courtesy of Google:"copy data from one computer system to another, typically over the Internet."Now, if you're going to stop being a stupid little shit any time now, that would be swell.
They don't sound better, fucknugget. You're calling the donkey a horse in a vain attempt to tug a few emotional strings.
Well said. Good luck in your endeavours, anon.
You took something with a price tag, against the wishes if the owner, and you did it without paying.Whatever you gotta tell yourself.
don't care, my piracy hurts no one.the shit i steal IRL hurts people much more than copying data from the net
Did someone say free stuff?
literally nobody has said that in this entire threadmore people buy Photoshop than pirate itWhat does that have to do with anything?  I was commenting on a hypothetical that your post implied.
I haven't taken anything. I don't even pirate shit. You're just retarded.Also, even if copyright law wasn't a thing, this would still not be stealing. It would be a contract violation.
piracy is stealingI guess having a friend come over and watch a movie with you is stealing too, since he obviously didn't pay for it.
Different names for the same shit.  Keep splitting that hair bro.
Isn't this how the Xbox One was originally designed?
going to pridon for vopyright is respectable crime and i dont giv a fuk
It's not the same shit. Graduate elementary school, then return. You're not even allowed here if you ain't 18
All those industries are still booming.And I pirate music all the time, because artists only make a fraction of songs bought online anyway.  Makes record companies mad as hell though.

Nicely executed troll thread op
Can I copyright my entire existence so that I can sue anyone who takes a picture, quote or video of me?
Stealing:[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[ / ]Sharing copies:[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[🐧] → 🐧  ↓[ ∞ ]
I just don't care and there's not a single realistic argument that can make me care.
What my post has to do with anything is saying that companies make more money than they "lose".
”Piracy" has always been a distribution problem.If a legal alternative were close to as easy, close to the quality and close to the speed I would use it.Music is nice to have offline as I don't want to spend battery life and data on streaming.Netflix is close but the quality could be better and the content is limited.When physical discs were a thing it took a couple of minutes to get to the fucking movie as you were forced to watch warnings, commercials for other movies.When you "pirated" a movie that was stripped away. I have one friend who buys a lot of movies because he likes to display them and he mostly "pirates" the same movies because it gives a better viewing experience.Why can't you just admit defeat.Your products are worthless so nobody think it is odd that the movie is free.Now go away you fucking shill.
So that makes it okay to steal from them?  I'm not even sure what you're trying to say.The amount of money someone makes is irrelevant in regards to the morality of stealing from them.
What's your stance on pirating college textbooks? Even after student loans, I can barely afford tuition, rent, and food. Textbooks are $100-$250 and sometimes aren't even available in the campus library. Should I just not get an education?
To steal is to imply you're taking something away from somebody. Are you denying this? If yes: You're autistic and don't understand how anything even works.If no: Good, you're learning!To download copy from one place to your computer is not moral nor immoral. Applying morality to an act that is in no way affiliated to such is idiotic and honestly, again, you're not stealing nor are companies losing anything, including money their ultimate goal from it. Most people that "steal" software and media buy it at a later time if they enjoy it. Otherwise, typically no but they tend to do things such as seed the torrent so others can try it out, assuming they did torrent in the first place.
Don't care but also anxiety issues.If I could stream new movies in the quality you get from scene BD rips then I'd pay a reasonable price.The problem is that studios are too jewish when it comes to who gets what during the transaction. There's also the issue of piracy but platforms like Silverlight have proven to work well in circumventing content being stolen.
Music is nice to have offlineAmazon music lets you download songs directly to your device so you won't have to stream.  If you're a Prime member you get a lot of included albums/songs, or you can buy the album you'd like instead.Netflix is close but the quality could be better and the content is limitedThey have a 4K plan now and of course the content is limited, you're not paying 9 dollars per month for every movie ever made.physical discs took a couple minutes to get to movieSo?  Is that why you steal movies, to save yourself that 2 minutes?  Okay.Why can't you just admit defeatTo what?My products are worthlessWhat products are you referring to?
file sharing protect us from the profiteering overlords. Studios: fuck with distribution and format,  goes and takes 90% of the profitsArtists: "Anon, you are stealing from me"top kek
Did you meant photocopying? textbook sharing was a thing even before the Internet
stealstealingstolenthieftheftthievingstealstealingstolenthieftheftthievingstealstealingstolenthieftheftthievingstealstealingstolenthieftheftthievingstealstealingstolenthieftheftthievingstealstealingstolenthieftheftthievingstealstealingstolenthieftheftthievingshills are just like a broken disc.
actually, you can.
It's 10 cents per page though.
I have a decent paying job so I don't steal anything.  Did see a guy trying to videotape a movie at the theatre not too long ago tho, got busted and kicked out lel
I've got a list of the software I've pirated and I'll buy them all one day when I have a stable income
Get the pdfs get the software I don't care what you do. Paper books are nice to have because if your education is worth anything they are using books which is easy to look up and find information when you are done.Don't see books as an optional expense. If it is a subject you care about then having the books is priceless. It is the only real mark of having an education. Diplomas are a formality which is required to get a job, books and that you know what is in the books is what's sets you apart from people without an education.
got busted and kicked out lelL M A O A Y YM     A Y   YA     M Y   AO A M L
what product.The product you don't want me to "pirate".Go make another remake or something you jewish salesman.
piracy supports the creator aswell,not in the way money does but indirectly through exposure.Say you make something good,people pirate it they say it's good and tell people who normally buy too buy,If you make something bad,people pirate it they say it sucks and tell others who would have bought it not too and if you make something awful that isn't worth a pirates attention your nothing.Remember: This doesn't leave the possibly of the pirate buying and supporting the product he just pirated or future purchases.
 the amount of justification in this thread b-but m-muh philosophies Cmon guys, just admit you like free stuff. Like me.
stop browsing /g/ a few years agosee this threadstill taking this baitnever change /g/
Shill, please go. You aren't one of us.It's simply not stealing when nobody loses anything.
they have more to gain than anything
I can only think of one demographic worse than pedophiles and smokers and that's online pirates.You faggots think you are so tough and cool for "fucking the system" but we all know you are just keyboard warriors.
You think anime would have been as popular in the west if it wasn't for pirates bringing it over through their channels?
vlcfagwhy am I not surprised.
I don't torrent a lot of shitFor things I actually care about, I will pay for them, but most stuff I don't
It isn't fucking the system if it's a system parallel to it that can benefit it passively.
i think you meant studio owners/directors
Objectively untrue. How can you be on /g/ and not know about DRM?
I used to pirate all those things. My justification was that I was broke as fuck kid who could go to jail for much more serious shit anyways IRL theft and drug related stuff. I wasn't much of an angel, so why give a shit?It's been a few years now since i've gone back to school and been using loonix almost fulltime, and those two things alone going to school full time really cleaned up my act have more or less stopped most of my pirating. These days, the only things I really pirate are music and books.The music, I won't even try to justify. I feel ok pirating books though, because of muh free knowledge. Everybody knows that textbook publishers are massive thieves. I have 3 different editions of a circuit analysis text on my hdd right now. Literally the only difference between the 3 editions is that they move the problems around to invalidate the previous editions' solution manual. Hell, i've had more than a handful of professors who handed out PDFs of the books, or at the very least the homework problems.For everything else, I tend to favor free software that's platform agnostic because I use windows, os x, and lunix almost equally as often, and I like all of my environments to be as identical as humanly possible. For everything else, i've hit a point where the proprietary software I actually do use is necessary for school or work, and I don't want to deal with pirating for software that's mission critical. So I either get a license through school/work, or purchase a student license myself./blogpost
Don't care that you're a thief?Nailed it. I steal everything I can within reason
"pirating" indie things is badbut even if it was stealing it would be stealing from thieves,  and that makes it ok
, 
Hey /g/My budget of around $400 allows for a moderately inexpensive quality phone.After research and gathering prices from the web, I am in between the OnePlus One, Zenfone 2 4 GB version , LG G3 or HTC One M8.I've seen a lot of debate around /g/ on which phone is the best so I decided to make a straw poll to see how the numbers carry outfree to suggest any other phones no toaster phones please.
Opo is best bang for buck with the sale.Get it OP
iPhone 6
opo will be obsolete real soon when op2 comes out so chinkfone 2 if you want some futureproofingMod community is just rising
There
Zenfone 2 destroys OPO in benchmarks and is even cheaper.
Good deal
What about camera, screen and battery life?How does it compare with OpO's?
Superior opo built-wise
One + One
today the nexus 6 is on sale for $499I'm debating whether or not to upgrade from a galaxy s3, i should ask my little sister
where?
official google store, amazon, best buy
I was thinking the nexus 6 would be too big for my tasteI've seen it in action and it's pretty good, if you like big phones
Just bought my zenfone, and now they release a snapdragon 610 model with 3gbs of ramwould it be better or worse?
wut, when, who, how much?
It got announced recently even has a laser autofocus. I don't know about the price yet.
meant announced not release. sorry m8.
Is there such a thing as a "smartphone" with a tactile keypad?Like just a Nokia brick I can surf the web with?
vertu :^
how is the note 4 ?
Anyone got any recommendations for a new dumb phone? The simpler the better, I don't need anything except the ability to make calls and send SMS and a long battery life and a case that'll stand up to some abuse
I need a good case for my OPO. Something that's sturdy and not a flip case. I'm heading abroad and am planning on taking pictures/dropping my phone a lot and the official flip case just doesn't fit the bill for either of those things.
In all honesty anon I have never used a case for my opo, and I have dropped it many times on concrete and tiles.You really shouldn't worry in the slightest about dropping it, the worst damage mine received was a slight dent in the metal on the corner, and it has landed screen down on tiles.tl/dr it's a very solid phone, don't worry about dropping it a few times
Why isnt't there a 5 inch screen phone with remobable battery and sd card?
LG G3 is the best.
the slight screen jut worried me so I got the ringke case. I like it. Only problem is now the phone is pretty big in the pocket. you get used to it though.
i have one and its a cheap POS
I have dropped it many times on concrete and tilesYou clumsy dumbass uncoordinated motherfucker.
Not really, but even so why would I care what you think?I would buy something you'd love but can't afford and destroy it just because
would never pass up a oneplus one at it's current price. do it OP
worse on every count, actually.
tl/dr it's a very solid phone, don't worry about dropping it a few timesNo, it's not. I dropped my oneplus just now. I tripped outside, it had a case on, and screen is completely shattered and totally unresponsive. I am SO FUCKING UPSET because this is my second one. First one got the infamous ghost touch screen issues and unresponsive left side after it got hot on a vacation to Mexico.The fucked up part is.... even though the RMA process is a massive pain in the ass... I still love this phone and don't want to get anything else. : Fuck.
more than $300 on an Android phone
Each to his own, from my experience it has been a very solid phone
That's what you get for buying a phone from some no name start-up company.
Basically there's no perfect phone. I'd say my top three would be the HTC One M8, Moto X and the LG G3. Each one has their pros and cons. You need to get the Google Play Edition One M8, it's a great phone and probably one of the fastest phones out there. The camera is awful though and the battery is pretty mediocre.The Moto X is fantastic, thanks to stock android, the camera isn't as bad as the One M8's, but it's pretty mediocre and the battery is really bad. The G3 is a really nice phone, but the software is autistic. I hate how companies put their own UI over android. It's not as bad as Touchjizz, but it's buggy and occasionally freezes up on me. If you get the G3, I'd probably try rooting it. It's a great phone though, with a nice camera. The battery and software are probably it's biggest cons.
because iphones don't shatter. shut the fuck up faggot.rma it again, anon. they hired a fuck ton more people to handle customer service since launch so it should be a bit easier this time around.
Wut bout' the Sony Z3c? How good is this phone m8?
honestly, i don't get it.i got an lg f3 from best buy mobile for 40 bucks.pay virgin mobile $35 for unlimited everything well, throttled data after 2.5gigsphone sucks but it's a PHONE. i can check my email, i can use the apps i need to for work, i can text, i can do all sorts of shit.the bootloader ISN'T unlocked but i fucked around with it a whole bunch, did some tweaks to SystemUI.apk, first android so got the ins and outs of the basics, but since I can't just put cyanogenmod or any rom on it i have to tweak it manually.i regularly throw it on the ground for amusement when drunk, because i DO want to upgrade, but it WON'T BREAK. the back of the case pops off and the battery pops out.my point is, why not just get a $50 phone that does everything you need, and then spend the $350 on, i dunno, you could build a fucking G3258 box with that much.honestly if money is no object sure, but if money is no object i'd be more concerned with buying real tech instead of a fucking phone.the only way i can justify it is if you have a super long commute on public transit and then having a decent sized screen for entertainment would be nice... but at that point why not just get a tablet or a laptop?i honestly don't get it. i'm way techier than 99% of the people i interact with regularly, and i have a 'shittier' phone than all of them and don't even care.i guess people get really attached to their pocket facebook devices though. i dunno. i don't get it.that being said what should i upgrade to? was thinking 1+1 but hear shitty things about the battery. what's a good phone with an unlocked bootloader so i can fuck around proper?
Free mousepads are technology, right /g/?
ya x-cept too bad about how lame urs is
fuck u fagdramatical murder is the best thing ever
Faggot
How did you get it for free? Mine is still getting mailed to me, and I bought it for 99c.Word of caution if you're gonna post a pic of the guide for your free mousepad thing. If a mod sees a 99c mousepad guide you could get banned for a week just because you posted it for shilling. So yeah, how'd you get yours for free?
dramatical murderI hate to break it to you but thats yaoi fanservice, you are gay.
abuse the refferals system, that's it.n-no..
wasn't i supposed to get a new code to give away when i bought the 99 cent mousepad? i didn't get anything. i want to keep the wheel turning
I recall the orange colored 99c guide said that you have to reset your ip address to get another 99c mousepad.
Your mom is technologyCool fashion designs but too homo for me
Technology at its finest. that picture Kek
on pirated version of windows 8.1 and microsoft is giving me free windows 10 for being so smart and solving the puzzle of getting their os for free.
How?
I hope you enjoy that nice watermark on your desktop when the Upgrade Day comes.
it just popped up, im using a pirated version i found off fuckin piratebay lmao. i guess pirated versions get the free upgrade too
Win 10 watermark would look great on top of the 9gag watermark I have on my wallpaper
[spoiler]who the fuck doesn't have their task bar set to auto hide? your a pleb if you don't.  Also if your butt hurt over Microsoft giving you a free operating system that has their logo all over it and they added it to a spot that no one looks at, well then go play in traffic till theirs nothing left of you.[/spoiler]
/rust/ - Rust: General:^
Nice, bro. Nice.
what now?
I always have the taskbar set to auto hide 8.1 here, and I find it quite irksome that,  20.fucking.years after they came up with the idea, they still cannot make it un-hide 100% of the time. It's been happening less and less with each version of windows, but it still happens: somehow the taskbar is made to be in the "background," behind all the regular windowed desktop programs in-focus or not, doesn't matter. You have to hit the Windows key & bring up the start menu to snap out of it meh, could be worse.I cannot find any fixes for it online either; only a cheap workaround using an AutoIT macro to make sure it gains focus whenever your mouse touches the edge-screen pixels next to it in desktop mode only, OFC.
not solving the puzzle of how to get a legit copy of 8.1 for free
8.1 N
free upgradepaid activationYou did good :^tfw enterprise edition
Anyone have an idea of how the subscription thing is going to work? Is there just going to be antivirus type nag screens until you hand over credit card details? I could deal with that mostly, already did.
It's literally if you have a pirated copy of Win7/8/8.1, you can still upgrade to Win10, it'll just remain unlicenced. You don't magically get a licence for upgrading. This is not new information.That being said, I don't know how it'll work for people like me who got copies of it that were pre-activated or activated it through Microsoft Toolkit. I mean, it says it's activated, and it's never un-activated, but my guess is upgrading it will trigger something.
Is there a purchasable version of Windows 10 even out yet? I sense that -, once it actually goes on sale and people start buying it - everyone who upgraded from a pirated key will get a watermark or annoying message, as said by Hopefully it will offer the upgrades some kind of substantial discount to Windows 10, for the sake of all the people tricked into buying pirated versions.Can you downgrade back to Windows 8.1 from Windows 10 and still keep your registry/programs/data like you do when you upgrade? I'm guessing probably no? Is there any easy way to make a restore-able backup of your Windows 8.1 or w/e installation, so that you can revert to if you don't like Windows 10? Or would you need to clone your HDD before you upgrade and then revert from that?
I could've asked for Pro or Enterprise, but I had zero need for any of the bloat.  I don't remote, I don't virtualize, I don't group policy, I don't encrypt, and my system doesn't support more than 64GB RAM.
he uses Windows Media Player
I think I'm screwed.I am running the Enterprise version because it was the easiest to pirate at the time and I haven't gotten any notification yet.This shit wouldn't even let me upgrade to 8.1 from the "Store" like all the other versions. And to top it off it errors out whenever I try and change the product key to a different version of 8.Fuck you Microshit, I'll just keep booting into GNU/Linux masterrace.
Fuck you microsoft, why doesn't the product I pirated work!Enterprise is for oh gee enterprise environments where an upgrade in OS would be a clean install.
It's over, linux is finished!Microsoft: Support for Secure Shell SSH
Linux is finished because Windows implemented one protocol that took them 20 yearsOK kid
Good luck at convincing anyone of that.  Linux users are fucking delusional.
yfw
Wait, what?
Just a BSD developer being insecure, nothing new.
imblying microsoft needs to contact themtop shrek
Always 20 years late, like workspaces, unfocused windows scroll, package manager.
implying spending money on expensive OS licenses isn't delusional
implying expecting to receive the product of millions of professional man-hours work for free isn't delusional  commies
except it IS free
Holy shit, after 2 fucking decades they finally add it.
contacting people for open source softwareTop kek
It only took 20 years. Looking forward to bash in another 20.

Wait, Winblows can't into SSH? I never knew that...
linux is better, MS is shit, MS wins Cuz its got leet market skills and all the grills love it, nuff said doesnt matter what either have, only 2% the gen pop knows how to use it, and we know where to find it, nobody wins
You can install an SSH client, but it's not built in.
Well, perhaps they should have worked on that instead of the metro interface. Clearly Microsoft isn't good at advertising or priorities.
but they still win, so theres that
I trust a proprietary operating system to handle my secure shell protocols properly - fired sysop
EEE on sshGreat, so now we'll have a generation of retarded windows admins who feel super leet with their shitty powershellsthanks based MS
TOPKEK.Only free if your privacy isn't worth anything.Only free if you are dumb.Only free if you want to be fucked.Only "free" until you pass the "1 year, now start the charges" line
implying powershell isn't god tier
implying you can use powershell for anything else than ifconfig and onegetThe package manager that will never be a good one.
Fucking this
I can't wait until the Win 7 support ends.The feeling to wipe my last Windows version ...
should i go for it /g/uys?
Yes
No
Maybe
I don't know
Maybe
Can you repeat the question?
It'll make a good workstation but you won't play graphically intensive games on the thing.
Maybe
yes
For $400? You'd be retarded not to.
Buy at least 2.
YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME NOW YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME NOW YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME NOW AND YOU'RE NOT SO BIG
Life is unfair
life is unfaaaaaaiiiirrrrrr
Life is unfair...
OP here. Memes aside, I'll take that as a yes.
HP just throw your money in the gutter
 refurbished HP1 maybe, but not bothIll pass
I work at HP and have a z620 sitting on my desk. It's a pretty solid machine. The guts are actually pretty impressive. this seems like a good deal to me... seeing if I can get it cheaper now..
mommy gave me a $400 pavilion laptop once and I ran it into the ground in 3 months, that must mean their professional workstation line is shit too!good meme
 I've worked with their enterprise, consumer, and  business line. All of them are complete shit. You would have to be literally retarded and blind not to see Fuckoff faggot. Go spout your memes somewhere else
Fucking this. We have HP, unfortunately, for our servers and holy mother fuck their enterprise support is shit tier.
 Burner - ATI Video CardShit, Newegg knows their shit.
I would. It'd be cheap enough to replace that shitty GPU.
dunno about their post 2010 shit, but most of the old HP gear I have is going just as strong as when it left the factorynonetheless it's still been totally fucked for the last 20 years though and modern HP aesthetics are fucking confused garbage
that said I don't really know how likely it is you'll be able to find a decent secondhand AGP card these days.
AGPmate
the hd3450 was AGP.
HP hardware is infamously shit but I have to admit, they can make an appealing workstation modern HP aesthetics I guess although I was impressed with pic related
and PCIe like many other parts during the AGP-PCIe transition erabeautiful guts but I still find their design rather... thoughtless, I guess. Their shit used to be so much more well-designed aesthetically when they treated their computers like instruments rather than consumer toys
Oh, my mistake. How would you even know which type is in the OP pic though?
Quad-core Nehalemwayyyyy after AGP's heyday which in the high-end/workstation market was during the NetBurst era.
I stole some Xeons from one of those once while I was a contractor at a customer location.Never did anything with them though, the ones I had in my dell precision were better.tfw when left in building overnight and no camerasmfw some poor sap sits at his pc and there's no processor
NO
it's good to see niggers still aren't afraid to come here
Buy it then resell for more :^
Refurbish? nah. Any tech product that was refurbished is guaranteed to just have a band-aid fix applied to it and it'll die 1yr out.
Call it what you will. I used and learned from that which I would not otherwise have had. Move like a crook move, learn like a poor man.

Whoops wrong one, not nearly as bad as I thought.
Is there a way to input the monitor output from one computer and input it into another computer? Essentially so I can view the input of two computers on one monitor? Kind of like a virtualbox but its actually a 2nd computer.
Remote desktop?
Just get a kvm switch
That pic is shoppedinb4 words to avoid
vnc or rdp?
kvm switches are fucking terrible just remote into the second computer
press a button, switch the keyboard,mouse,videoHow is that terrible?Doing anything graphically intensive can't be done well over remote desktop
I've never used a KVM switch, but in my experience a remote login can be pretty terrible. RDP has been pretty smooth every time i've used it, but the video connection for VNC is always shit. I can see on the other computer that it's reacting to input really quickly, but the video connection is always behind.
How is that terrible?Just from personal experience. I'm sure others haven't had a problem but I've seen kvm switches fail far too often. It's just shitty all around but it's definitely something that would resolve OP's issue.
guys I found this,Do I actually need hardware to do this? I don't need 60fps or whatever, honestly 5fps would be plenty.
I need the monitor output of two computers on a single monitor, or at least access to the output of the other. Basically I want to be able to take someone's laptop that they're going to use to do a presentation and grab their output without actually installing anything on their computer.
what OS' are the computers using? You shouldn't have to install anything on their computer. All the major OS' come with some sort of built remote desktop server. How you connect to that will depend on what OS you're using though.
if it's local you get a capture cardif it's remote you use VNC/Teamviewer/RDP
You can find monitors with multiple video inputs that can do PIP and side-by-side.My 29 inch ultrawide can.. but I don't think it's a common feature for monitors
Thanks m8. So if I do this will it work? I guess the quality will just be worse than the 180$ solution I found before but this way is like 25bucks.vga splitter - vga to s-video adapter - video to usb capture thing I link below
for good quality you'll need either a USB3 one or internal PCIE oneeither one is going to be expensive
The quality really doesn't have to be great but relatively small text on a monitor needs to be legible. Like if I had it plugged in now would the text from this forum be legible after going through a bunch of adapters?
Problem is I need the computer to access the video. My guess is pip is done entirely from the monitor's hardware so screenshots wouldn't be able to capture it right?
Yea it's hardware based, don't have anything hooked up for sbs right now
 Steve Jobs wanted Sony Vaio laptops to run OS X Steve is kill Vaio is kill So is OS X?
Vaio is alive again outside of Japan.Shame they're only making tablet hybrids and not superior gotyay 2015 laptops such as pic related.
SourceVaio would probably still be doing well if it had taken OS X.
I have a Sony laptop and i've seen bigger heatsinks on south bridge chipsets. So much fucking fan noise to keep it cool.
what is a xps
implying the jap hardware engs wouldn't have driven apple nuts
bullshitthe mac clone program was the first thing to go into the trash when he took the helm again
Dino-SAUR
no matter how you arrange cheap foxcon parts, they are always going to be cheap foxcon parts.

The amount you pay Foxconn to assemble the device determines the quality of parts used
sure.but macshit breaks just as hard as any pc shit.
Real talk. Fucking burnt out my processor
, 
What is the best disk defrag for Microsoft Windon'ts 7?inb4 use an SSDinb4 the bundled one is best
Defraggler No there aren't any better options, No you shouldn't use X Program, go download defraggler right now.Now fuck off
Linux...
Linux doesn't even work.
Back in the old days when I was a kid I loved to watch those blocks move and stuff.Nowadays DEFRAG.EXE has no cool visualizationAre there 3rd party defraggers that would let me relieve the good old days I had as a 90's kid?
Raxco PerfectDisk FreeI know, cnet and shit, but it's the only site that still hosts it.Warning: if I remember right, it doesn't work on Windows 8.Just because Piriform also happens to make CCleaner and Speccy lol it doesn't mean Defraggler is the best defragmenter around.
Auslogics uses boxes, although I don't know if it's really the most efficient defrag tool. Also, I don't know what their business model is, so it always feels sketchy to me.
the truth is that ther is only the bundled one. ervy other defragger uses the same basic commands hidden beneath a gui. btw does windows 7 defrag its self
No I use it because any review site/test site/technical site/forum recommends it over everything else, it has the most usable features and actually does the job properly.
defrag2015Any application that benefits from fast disk read speed should be on an SSD. Everything else, pictures, video, etc. should be on a spinning drive. Get with the times bro.

mydefrag/thread
This.Everything is just a fucking front end for NTFS functions.
Puran Defrag is the only free program I know that does boot time defrag. Don't use the PIOZR feature, though, it appears to do nothing.
then why are they different programs?
Different front ends.
Puran Software is an Indian software development business that operates by the slogan;"Quality First."See ya.
You still have to Defrag Linux moron
akshully,nope.
windows defrag shows 0% on harddrivedefraggler shows 20%holy fuck microsoft
Pretty much every GNU/Linux filesystem is non-fragmenting if you don't fill it above 90% or so.
That's only because almost all Linux filesystem still don't have the copy-on-write feature in 2015.Btrfs and Zfs both have it and, surprise surprise, both suffer GREATLY from fragmentation even when you've got loads of free space.
Btrfs and Zfs both have it and, surprise surprise, both suffer GREATLY from fragmentation even when you've got loads of free space.They sound really modern. I should switch.

Built in or not use a shitty file system
Its not just that linux filesystems defrag less than windows, which is true, but better I/O scheduling largely negates any performance hit. Even windows partitions mounted in linux suffer less effects of fragmentation.
defragging my SSD right now :^
defrag on linuxgr8 b8 m8, i r8 it 8
i defrag all of my ssd's just to be on the safe side.
Fragmented files                             now/best       size/ext1. /var/log/wtmp.1                              59/1              4 KB2. /var/lib/smartmontools/attrlog.SAMSUNG_HD103SJ-S246J9EZ810122.ata.csv                                                15/1              4 KB3. /var/lib/smartmontools/attrlog.SAMSUNG_HD103SJ-S246J9EZ810123.ata.csv                                                15/1              4 KB4. /var/lib/smartmontools/attrlog.SAMSUNG_HD204UI-S2K4JD1B310904.ata.csv                                                15/1              4 KB5. /var/lib/gdm/.ICEauthority                   11/1              4 KB Total/best extents                248603/245905 Average size per extent            437 KB Fragmentation score                0 [0-30 no problem: 31-55 a little bit fragmented: 56- needs defrag] This directory / does not need defragmentation. Done.
wmv or mp4?
fuck you
m4v
Bob Morgis
this
those aren't valid selections.Some older sites only serve out videos the ones where you right click and 'save target as' in those two formats. Which would you choose? assuming quality was not an issue. Is one better than the other?
mp4It is a standard that is supported by numerous devices. Are you downloading porn?
no. I am data hoarding halo cutscenes from HBO to edit later into Halo Music Video, or to put on my devices.here is a sample of the download pagehonestly dont really know much about video encoding shit. I was able to rip these myself, but only into .asf files with a chinkshit capture card. Can't get WMA or WMV to save properly. MP4 works fine but I hate apple for creating this shitty file typeNow I do not really have the desire to have these videos on multiple devices. Would it ultimately come down to personal preference? From what I understand they are both just simple containers to play video with sound
.aiff
MP4 works fine but I hate apple for creating this shitty file typeyou're a complete fucking retard. kill yourself now so the IQ of the country can rise by a point.
Can anyone do my Javascript test Assignment for $20?It's not too much and anyone who knows the language should be able to do it in less than 20 minutes. Easy money?I'm happy to buy a steam game or send the $20 via paypal. If you are interested post your email and Ill email you the html code.
Do your own work Sanjei
agarza.pmsystems at gmail.com
I will email you now
Why isn't it possible to harness the heat of a PC to somehow power up air conditioning?
it isyou'd need a lot of computers to provide enough heat to drive a generator that could produce enough power to run a small AC though, and with all that heat you'd be melting
I think you could at least power a fan with the heat a cpu puts off.
it is only possible if the PC is hotter than the air outside. Also, the second law of thermodynamics.
conservation of energy would dictate that trying to recycle heat energy like that wouldn't be cost effective.For one, an AC compressor produces more heat than it cools down. Effectively, your AC just pipes the hot air it produces out into the atmosphere.
Hey guys, I was on a Spanish role play team speak server playing chivalry with my buds, when some script kiddy "hacks" my IP adress, lists off some random ass numbers and then calls out states we don't live in. Still, he seemed pretty knowledgeable for a script kiddy, and I don't pretend to be a hax0r.Vpn pl0x.
n0 br0 u didn7 dr0p enuf 1337 wurds
no
What are some other good Vim plugins?
emacs keybinding plugin
notepad++
Bundle 'gmarik/vundle'Bundle 'Valloric/YouCompleteMe'Bundle 'tpope/vim-fugitive'Bundle 'kien/ctrlp.vim'Bundle 'mattn/emmet-vim'Bundle 'klen/python-mode'Bundle 'tpope/vim-surround'Bundle 'rygwdn/vim-conque'Bundle 'syngan/vim-vimlint'Bundle 'nanotech/jellybeans.vim'"Bundle 'tsaleh/vim-matchit'Bundle 'chriskempson/vim-tomorrow-theme'Bundle 'danro/rename.vim'Bundle "pangloss/vim-javascript"Bundle "jelera/vim-javascript-syntax"Bundle "vim-less"Bundle "hail2u/vim-css3-syntax"Bundle 'Lokaltog/vim-easymotion'Bundle 'scrooloose/syntastic'
What's the best plugin for managing plugins? There's vundle, pathogen...
I've used all the major ones for significant lengths of time each, and I can tell you that vim-plug is the best by far.
I use Pathogen and I really li-oh interesting. Is there any single feature about vim-plug that you like/would sell someone on?
Parallel installations/updates, lazy/conditional loading, and update rollbacks
I haven't had any issues with Vundle. It's super easy to set up and get going with.
I tried vundle and never anything else and it didn't explode in a massive fireball so I'll recommend it to others
Not him, but that doesn't seem that unreasonable. He should be cautious about making comparative statements, or universal claims like "there's no way it has any problems ever", but if you've only had experience with one thing and your experience has been good, that input is valuable too - with context.
Is youcompleteme suppose to give me suggestions for function names/arguments? E.g. if I type print in C am I suppose to get the suggestion printf and so on? Also can someone upload their .ycm python script for C? Any help would be appreciated
emacs
linux instead of mac
not powerline or w/e the fuck that ugly ass status line is
Ill start with mineWhat are the disadvantages of buying the amd fx8320 instead of the fx8350?I inrend on using my current build for gaming, nothing crazy, just decent entry level shit.
dont buy fxin some games even a fucking i3 is way better than fx 8350
the reason being?
Did you even bother to search the catalog before making this thread?
this.skyrim will not run properly on AMDintel + nvidia master race, the way its meant to play video games
This is a discussion, im curious about the 8320 and im asking about it. Crucify me.
This is a discussionNo, it's you asking for advice. You should feel lucky there's a thread for this shit at all, because it really belongs on /adv/im curious about the 8320 and im asking about itAsk about it in the thread allocated to people like you
I got a 8350 and love it, can't speak for 8320, what are your past experiences with CPUs? whether you'll be dissappointed is subjective and not objective unlike what retarded /g/ says. You might be please especially if you are on a budget. What do you expect from a CPU?
Oh thank you overlord for guiding me to salvation. Fuck off. If you dont like the thread report me and move on.
Every Fx will be worse in gaming than i5 and sometimes even an i3excluding to this are games, wchich are compatible with all 8 cores of fxnormal games uses 2-4 cores so in games fx will work on 50/25% of his power. and in single core vs single core INTEL always winsSo FX are mostly used for rendering stuff in programs where 8 cores really counts
2015buying a dual core
yeah, but still1 intel core = 4 AMD cores
The FX 8320 is a lower clock binning of the FX 8350. Pretty self explanatory.
Stop smoking rat shit.
I use my fx 8320 at stock and have 0 issues gaming AAA games so dont listen to shills who would try to get you to buy a pentium dual core or i3 with hyperthreads. 8 threads is just dandy but if u intend to just game an fx 6300 would do just fine in that regard too and o.c it higher than the 8 core bevause the 6 core draws less power.The 8320 is generally binned lower than than the 8350 which means in theory the 8350 should potentially over clock higher on less voltage compared to the 8320. This isnt always the case as some 8320s can outperform some 8350s google: silicon lotteryAll in all the 8320 is a good value if you dont plan on over clocking. I keep mine at 4.0ghz stock turbo is 3.9 so 100mhz oc. I play all my games with ease hd 7870 tends to hold me back at this point. I also play a lot of dolphin emulator super smash bros brawl with 0 issues holding a steady 50 fps the games native fps. Yes intel has stronger single threaded but in the real world youre getting a better value with a powerhouse like the 8 core fx. Were talkimg a difference of a few seconds in real time which cant be felt outside of benchmarks.Shills will shill though, my 8320 is yet to fail me yet and i feel when i finally move up to 1440p and get a new gpu 2 years time maybe? My 8 core will still be up to the task.
amdyet another amd thread. amd cpus are shit. you can either buy a turd or a crap its still gonna be and perform like shit.
skyrim will not run properly on AMDruns fine with 2K textures with everything else on ultra + 70 other modsayy lmao[spoiler]inb4 b8[/spoiler]
Lying on the internet
How much you get paid to post this?
Lower clock speed, that's about it really.Don't listen to the shills OP. I use an FX 8320 for all sorts of shit including gaming and it handles everything I throw at it pretty well. It handles overclocking pretty well also.
AMD FX-8350 user here. I'll speak for myself here, and let you draw what conclusions you may. It runs perfectly fine on anything I throw at it, Skyrim included. The fact that it has 8 cores means it might be slightly better at multi-threaded programs ex. LZMA2 compression via 7zip than a price-equivalent Intel, but performance-wise they're about the same as any other. Yes, if you *really* fucking felt like it, you might be able to link to some benchmark test or other that disputes my claim, but on average, I think you made a fine choice.Also, I read an article concerning Win10 + DX12, and your specific processor was mentioned as an example of the kind of processor that would be able to benefit most off of the new DX12 upgrade; the specific reason given was multi-threaded capabilities combined with processor overhead reduction.Also,and
Same fag or just all super stupid?
Yeah im in the same boat, except my 8320 has been running at 4.4Ghz for a while. No issues with games, runs them perfectly fine.Looking to upgrade to Skylake at the end of the year though.
Arma and dayz works way better on intel, it's bohemias fault but they don't seems to care.
FX 8230 @ 4GHz hereRuns flawlessly, AAA games don't pose a problem, I also do heavily multithreaded workloads and having 8 threads really help chew through it. You won't regret it. My only gripe is that you'll definitely need a third party cooler. A 212 Evo is a good low priced. I'm running the model right below it exact model slips me, and it handles 4 Ghz fine.
Get the 7850k. You'll be good
Upgraded from q9550 to amd fx 8350 arma 3 and dayz are running slower now.rest of programs/games seems to work better or equal.
The 8320 is basically a under clocked 8350, you can easily reach the clocks of the 8350 with just some light OC. Get it and buy a Cool master Evo 212 for Dat sweet mid OC to 4.5ghz
Could be possible that Arma 3 and DayZ are heavily single threaded/CPU reliant. I don't play either so I wouldn't know for sure.
thats more or less it, arma and dayz both have issues because of the engine... if you like this single core performance is what you need.
isn't an fx8320 just a binned fx 8350?if you're lucky you might actually get an fx8350 and achieve same overclock as an fx8350's overclock.if you're unlucky, you can get a modest overclock to around the 8350's base clocks.
here is the deal.intel beats the fuck out of amd in single core performance, this is an undenyable fact. some games are so shit that even an i3 can get better frames than even the highest overclocked FX "8" core. when you are talking about "8" core, its really 1 core, with 2 cores that share memory this is the basics where as intel is 1 core and has one core that executes 2 threads. if i remember right, single core, clock for clock, intel is about 66-80% faster than the fxnow, in multi thread applications and when games are taking advantage of all amd has to offer, amd competes with higher priced i7's to an extent... if overclocked i think they can get close to the highest end quad cores, but that goes out the window when you go intels 6 and 8 core. now, when benchmarks are taken, generally you stop every application and only run one... no background processes at all, this is reflected in intels i3 and i5 benchmarks. where they preform better.but in the real world, here... i have 8 folders and about 20 tabs in chrome along with 10 extension, foobar task manager, performance monitor, skype, acdsee, and steam up along with some other shit in the taskbar. you will hear people say that they perfer their fx system over their i3 or i5 in some cases i7 for this reason... amd can take a spike better than intel can... though intel, at least in the i7 case, gives you higher performance, and when you hit a spike it resolves it fast and you get better, where the fx you would have over all lower but you wouldn't feel the spike at all
completely misses the point of OP's question.lmao.
read through the thread, i didnt quote where the post is relavant
You need to read up on your facts your not 100% wrong but you have major flaws in what you said... Not judging thought I'm sure you already knew you were a dipshit
where are the flaws?the only place where they may be are either in the 4th line due to over simplification or in the clock for clock as i did the math fast in my head... i believe the last benches put the fx line at somewhere between 1500-1800 and intel at 2500-2700
but anon, it doesn'tI did that with my 8350 + 280X and it ran like shit
Runs fine on my 8320 and 270x unless I load a CPU heavy mod like Dat Grass, which is when it sinks from 60fps to 20fps
Is it possible to like a brand and talk about it on /g/ without being labelled a shill?My experience points to no.
look up Google Cardboard buy it to fuck around with VR until actual headsets come out at the end of the year use some basic showcase apps to look at shitbretty cool...but what about the porn?pirate some side by side VR porn and find a good viewer appOH JESUS CHRIST MY DICKTHE FUTURE IS HERE AND IT IS AMAZING
Neat, is the cardboard irritating while fapping? What's the best source for VR porn?
Is this healthy for eyesight
I don't think so
mother walks inwearing cardboard so you don't noticecontinue vigorously fapping
It's been repeatedly proven that masturbation has no effect on eyesight.
probably not, but WHO FUCKING CARES?
watch dragon pornuse dragon dildodad comes inuse vr so don't notice himcum so hard it falls on his facefuture's gonna be awkward
is that anissa kate? nice
It's healthy for your mind, so it balances out.
I just ordered Google Cardboard because of this thread.
kek
Good idea Anon.bought "VR Player" to use it since it seems like the most fully-featured, go-to app people recommend, but it's $5 and there are others that are free and shittier.
if you're going to buy one make sure it's not actual cardboard and has cushioning on it. cardboard fucking hurts after a while, especially if you're going to be jacking it with it on your face.
I'm a cheap shit, I ordered one of the less-bad cardboard ones. If I enjoy myself, I'll spring for something nicer.
What if technology was used for something besides porn?where would we be?
moto G with no gyroscopeworth it just for 3d video?
Don't you know anything about the history of technology? Porn is like the space program: a shitload of stuff gets pioneered for that purpose, and then it gets used for everything else.
Which ones of the marginally more expensive plastic ones are not-shit? Preferably something around $40-50 or cheaper.
this one  is $12-15 on ebay. i don't have one but i imagine they're alright. dodocase used to sell a more expensive one but i don't see it in their store.
I guess you can be sure its the one thing everyone wants.
got one a couple months ago, couldn't find anythingpls halp op what viewer and where did you get the pron
Oh, for sure. Moving pictures? Used for porn. VHS vs. Betamax? The winner was the one more favored by the porn industry. Autopilot for airplanes? The guy who invented it used it to have sex while flying.
tfw monocular visionI will never, EVER make use of this technology to watch POV porn.Might as well kill myself.
You forgot blueray vs. HDVD
be in my house in shitty neighborhoodfapping with google cardboard and over-ear headphonescouple of bix nood muhfuggas bust down the back doordon't hear them because my jav waifu is squealing dindus walk into the kitchen and see me stroking my cock yelling "desu UGUU~~" with a cardboard box on my headthey wutthefuck outta thereburglary prevented
Do they fuck in that lighting? Can anyone give me the name of the scene?
me too, anon. ;__;
taking long enough to cum that he has to worry about comfortFUCKING NORMIES.
What application should I use to view these with my DK2?
welcome. 3d sbs prons with head tracking. there are plenty of torrents out there
Looks interesting thanks, might buy a cardboard from amazon.Or maybe a pair of dedicated VR glasses instead, theyre cheap for about $50 too.
As long as the optics / lens are sharp, then it's fine. If it's shit optics you'll probably lose long vision eyesight for driving.
How is looking at porn healthy for your mind?
Kek
Think of it this way:you already had this technology FOR FREE
Why is everyone so fucking lazy these days?Everyone I know is too lazy to type URLs.If it doesn't have an app, they won't bother.The only time they visit any webpage is when there's an article shared on Facebook or Twitter.
Well that's what technology did.
I can get a free upgrade from Windows 7 to Windows 10. Is it worth it?
Not from what I've heard. It's why I've tried to get back into linux. Tried Ubuntu, but for some reason it's all isos and requires a CD drive or USB stick. I remember dual booting it before with a simple download, so not sure if they changed that or whatever.But, more on topic, I've heard a lot of skepticism about this thing like not being able to run software not Microsoft approved and basically keeping your computer running what they want. I wanna jump ship before they start that shit.
Yes you can.Yes it's worth it.
Hell yeah motherfucker, I reserved my copy on day oneCan't wait to install this mofo with my bros over skype
Can't wait to install this mofo with my bros over skype
L   M   A   O  A   Y   YM           A  Y       YA           M  Y   Y   AO   A   M   L
Serious question here, can I upgrade to W10 if my W7 copy was activated through shady means?
To be determined. If I were to guess,  I'm going with yes you'll be able to.
yes, microsoft said so.what they didn't say is how they plan on dueing a massive sue on everyone because nobody reads the ToS saying "if u le upgrade 2 duh wintoes then frum duh non genuiene den we sue u"
"[spoiler]Wow[/spoiler] spelled backwards is "[spoiler]woW[/spoiler]".
bed spelled backwards is debhowever, bed looks like a bed from the sidehere have a bed inside a boxbed
Why would you want windows when you can be free?
July 29th is going to be here pretty soon, I hope everyone is already working on their upgrade party plans.
Yep. Dropping windows for GNU/Linux that day.
It's just "Linux".
not hurdwhat a fag
My parents are coming in from Minneapolis to install Windows 10 with me and my fiancee.
using linux/osx/windows instead of freebsdwats your excuse /g/
OpenBSD is my excuse.
my autism doesn't go that far
this, ladies and gentleman, is what a shitpost looks like.not even a bait. hardly even a troll. just a regular run-of-the-mill shitpost.now let's see if /g/ is mature enough to avoid bumping this thread.
Linux has better hardware support.
It's shit and you'll never trick me again.
Using anything *BSD as a desktop OSI could never be literally that retarded and/or autistic, OP. You fag alone.
Using anything *BSD for your server in 2015 is equally retarded.
watsWhat's your excuse?
implyingIt is actually good for rock solid security or NAS stuff
Windows has better hardware support. Checkmate autism.
It actually doesn't. Linux by far has a wider range of hardware support than Windows. I have an old scanner and webcam that has no drivers for Windows 8. I know my hardware is still good because I can use that hardware on my Thinkpad x204 today whenever I'm using Linux. I didn't have to install or configure anything to use them as udev automagically detects the hardware.Now multiply this situation to the countless number of peripherals out there and it's obvious that Linux has a far wider support of hardware.
But Anon, I am using *BSD.
My excuse? I'm neurotypical
I couldn't find drivers for the current edition of WindowsThis means nothing. Windows 1 through 10 run on more desktop hardware without customization. Fiddling with Arch until it runs on your toaster is not the same as installing and running with one click. Windows werks.
No it doesn't. Windows works for x86. Linux works for x86, various ARM platforms, various MIPS platforms, Sparc platforms. Linux even runs on m68k right now. The same cannot be said for Windows. Linux has superior support for a wider range of hardware.
FreeBSD kernel contains nonfree firmware blobs.
Better quality hardware support =/= higher quantity of platformsSorry bud
he fell for the free software memeEnjoy getting cucked by big corporations.
Like you just did?
The fuck would I use that ugly hard non working drivers bad shit lolseriously. it's like linux from the 90's
Thanks bud. Linux does have better quality hardware support.
It has superior waifus
That's not correct.
because its not 1990
Randi Harper is a fucking cunt.
implyingShe's way hotter than your 2D shit.
Because my NIC drivers aren't supported, and ndisgen won't work either.
And exactly what kind of support have you gotten from windows?
Yeah but I can see Nanami-tan naked, you'll never see that girl naked.
Is Volume2 still the best volume replacer for Windows? I've been running into a lot of issues with it but don't know if it's worth dealing with a Russian dev who exclusively uses wordpress.Thanks
ASUS ROG Swift144hzIPS1440pHoly fuck, based ASUS.
1440p2015Buying anything marketed towards gaymers
literally bought some no name korean 1440p ips monitor 3 years ago for a quarter of the price for this and still works flawlessly, enjoy your overpriced gaymur shite
60hz and 20ms delay?
ROG
I love my WQHD for programming.
I like text to be readable on a monitor. Until I see a Windows 10 or GNU-Linux deployment demonstrating appropriately scaled text in a 4K resolution, I'm sticking with 1440p.
being this poor
I was gonna buy one. But I decided to wait and see how the were.Turns out tons of them have dead pixels, terrible bleed, weird motion blur fuckups.So yeah, these 144hz ips screens seems like they need a couple of more models before it's good.
Now for only €699!
Same panel as XB270HU?
WEW LAD
So yeah, these 144hz ips screens seems like they need a couple of more models before it's good.this made me legit sad
Acer pushing technology. All is weird in the world.
Don't buy Asus ever. I got a DOA 970 from them. Send it back. 4~weeks later, get one mailed to me. Also DOA. Could have been the card I sent in for all I knew. Their support proceeds to ignore me for a month. My friend got a ROG monitor with several dead pixels. Support dicks him too. Stay away
acer
/v/
i'm running one of these right now with two 980s powering it and a secondary 4k monitorthere is VERY little that compares to pulling 100+FPS and having it all be visible. at 1440p it's even better. the resolution isn't 4k by any stretch but I have no issues with it after using it for some time. I feel it gives games in general a little more room to breathe in their grafics whereas 4k literally rends some titles down into hugely notable textures and individual polygons.g-sync is also fucking wicked on part of AMD possessing no viable alternative as of now.
Found the shillBack to /g/eforce.com you go!
stay mad you dumb nigger
I have a crossover overclocked to 100hz and no noticeable difference input lag to my 5ms dell.
Acer was the first one bringing out the high refresh IPS panels to the consumer market.
Oh yeah? What's the input lag?
he fell for the epic gam3r 144hz meme
Are these monitors even out yet? Weren't they just shown a few days ago?
not using 144hz and realizing how fucking smooth it isStay pleb
What a steal!
A friend of mine has a laptop with a 2160p display, running Windows 8.1. He runs it at 200% scaling.It looks completely fine to me, I don't see any issues from watching him use it.
Acer is literally just packaging the screen into a glossy enclosure + shitty stand.
higher refresh rate is now considered a meme
IPS? every ROG swift I've seen is TNAlso if something then go for MG279Q, its actual IPS, for the same price
There's an IPS one coming out.
Res4k4k34x1425x101440p4k34x14holy shit, why can't I contain all of this cringe?
34x14what kind of resolution is that
3440x1440. 21:9 version of 1440p.

i've been rocking a 144hz vg248. I might get this sometimes this summer. I want 4k, but I really would prefer the higher refresh rate.
where did you buy yours?

It may be marketed towards gamers, but as evident by the very netrual aesthetic it looks a lot like their PB and PA series professional monitors, ASUS understands that this monitor will be used outside of gaming scenarios.
no gysynckek is it even ips?
fug, I just bought the TN panel version a few months ago.Guess I'll hold on to it until OLED starts being a thing in gayming monitors.
144hzI really would prefer the higher refresh ratemaybe a decade later we will see true 240hz monitors
Guess I'll hold on to it until OLED starts being a thing in gayming monitors.Have a nice time waiting 5+ years.
monitors similar to that have been out forever. a lot of us have been waiting for something that combines high refresh rate with IPS for a long, long time, and it's finally here. the fact that gsync/freesync came at the sime time is very nice as well.
well i feel like going from my 144hz panel to a 4k 60hz, i'd be downgrading. 60hz is shit.i'll probably go 144hz gysnyc 1440p ips
I'm all for higher refresh rates but honestly the cutoff for my eyes is around 100hz. 240 with the framerate to match and little or no input lag would probably feel pretty awesome though.
The real question is will it be at least 8bit + FRC or a shitty 6bit panel
we could have had SED monitors now with 1440p+, 240hz, no input lag and little to no latency, infinitely better color and picture quality than LCD
1440pFucking dropped.
Don't think it will be that long. They're already showing huge resolution OLED off at conventions.
I don't think anybody makes 6bit IPS panels anymore. It's bound to be 8bit.
yes, that's probably the most sensible option at this point. it's especially hard to go back to 60hz once you've gotten used to higher refresh rates.
SEDwat
but honestly the cutoff for my eyes is around 100hzmfw people actually believe this
It's not hard. I play 144fps starcraft / dota2 then go into 30fps destiny with no problem. 144fps is a myth, I'm considering selling my monitor to be honest.
$800what a waste of $$$.
stop being jelly.
stay mad you dumb niggercalls other people niggersworks as an "online marketer"Topkek.
imagine a CRT but as slim as an LCD and it uses much less poweryeah, we could have had that
I really don't understand gamers fuzz about IPS: VA is actually better for fucks sake !
It's not that they're not around, it's just that they're stupidly expensive.
TOPKEK
upscaled ur pic
not running a 200hz CRTStep up, nigga
I believe that because I have a 144hz monitor and have tried it at various refresh rates just for shits and giggles and found that I couldn't tell the difference visually between 100 and 144.It's based off of my personal experience, not internet comments.
Gsynctippedy toppedy kek envydiot
paying $200 extra for proprietary technologydirectly into the trash it goesbesides this, blur reduction is far more critical for the future of gaming. variable refresh rate won't become compelling until it can work in tandem with blur reduction, which gsync and freesync currently cannot.if nvidia was smart they'd be working to beat amd to the market with a strobe/variable refresh curve. that would be a proprietary technology worth paying for.
You need to see unique, non interpolated animation at 100 vs 144 instead of stock videogame animation that is overwhelmingly likely to be animated at 30fps then interpolated. Try obtaining a 144fps camera and a 100fps camera
make threadnew productsay it's awesomepeople will bitch about itpeople will bitch about anythingpeople will bitch about everythingthey all find themselves superior because they pretend to know shit about technology/g/
concluding a sweeping, general result from *one* single testnice armchair science
tfw going to buy a 1080p panel coz I'm blind as fuck and any higher resolution would be a waste;_;
Christ this thread is shithow much will it be?
That's irrelevant to me. It doesn't make a bit of difference to me if I have to perform a science experiment to measure it.In 100% of my typical usage, I cannot tell the difference between 100 and 144hz. There obviously IS a difference, but it is imperceptible to me personally.
My problem with these PC enthusiast screens is the size us pathetic.I play my PC in perfect 1080p60 on a 42" TV. I want more than 60fps, but I can't imagine playing on a 27" screen again. There must be other people like me. 4k doesn't interest me now since it's a consumer product and won't be high framerate for a while.
It doesn't make a bit of difference to me if I have to perform a science experiment to measure it.Well, you're "data" is - again - animation made at 30fps then interpolated to 60/120/144. The animation source you have for games is shit tier, least effort possible.
you sit on the couch or something?can't imagine anything more than like 27" for a battlestation
UHDTV is going to range from 60 Hz to 120 Hz and from 2160p to 4320p. Then again, an UHDTV installation for a typical 2m viewing distance is anywhere from 100" to 200" large.This pretty much isn't consumer stuff either way.
So?Dude, 100% of the time in my personal usage I cannot tell the difference.Also, animation is only a small part of a games visuals and wouldn't apply to sitting in an empty Quake Live map and spinning around, which was one of my tests. I can't believe how much you care about my eyes.
thinking that I careQuake Live is dead btw
I actually looked this up todayThere used to be one from some brand called 'eizo' but they no longer sell it anywhere
some brand called 'eizo'lmfao
some brand called 'eizo'Please kill me now.
HOW MUCH WILL IT BE
some brand called EizoI've had to move 300 monitors of tiptop quality that needed to be replaced with flimsy faggot Fujitsu screens because "the company hardware needed to look 'fresh'"all monitors together were probably worth $100k even second-handed. one of the saddest days of my life when I found out they were going to be destroyed.
Buying IPS
Yup. It's just another meme.
that's legit terrifyingi want to get a 1440p/144hz/gsync monitor, should I just bite the bullet and get a RoG swift?i can get one for $560 and sell the monitor I own right now for $200 so i'm only paying 360 out of pocket.a rog swift for $360 is a no brainer, I just didn't want to miss out on the xb270hu and ips
pic related, they all got replaced with white screens because that fitted the new "ByoD' work-mentality
I can't into monitors, what am I looking at?Is this for new ones or older ones?
Don't play in a completely dark room with a  camera with long exposure.
IPS glowblack crushno colortake your pick of shit tier LCD technology no thanks OLED when
IPS monitors have terrible blacks, even cheap TN ones are better. If you want good blacks get a PVA or OLED both are not very common, and OLEDs are only available as TVs. Also they have much slower reaction times as TN
But I thought IPS had great blacks compared to TN? That's why people liked them for the color management no?
Only color reproduction is good with IPS.
color reproduction and viewing angles. Actual contrast ratios, response time and other such features depend on the individual monitors/models.
Is this a display general?Do you guys have any recs for a good low blue light monitor that runs at least over 70hz with really, really low input lag?
you wont find an IPS panel with no bleed and no ips glow. TN pannels are better, imo, for this reason.
Right. But viewing angles are even better with PVA and OLED, right?
Why would there need to be screens at all if they're transitioning to BYOD?Do they expect people to bring their own desktops or connect their laptops to them?
IPSno color
has nothing to do with exposure, if anything it is more noticeable in person than what a camera picks up. I returned 3 monitors for backlight bleed until I finally found a ROG swift at Frys, the TN pannel looks just as good as an IPS minus viewing angles, but at least the blacks are dark as fuck with no bleed at all.
LG 34UC97 for productivity / vydiaAnyone heard any horror stories about them ?
not realizing these are attributes unique to each respective technology, VA/IPS/TN rather than all three to IPS
What's the chances of the rog swift dropping price because of this guy/the other gsync monitors coming soon?
you're fucking retarded if you seriously want a curved monitor
Not that guy but whats wrong with a curved monitor other than it having a single viewing angle?tech just not there yet or what? I've seen a lot of people say to not buy those things but they never explain why
Well why wouldn't you want a curved monitor anon ?
How do you pronounce ASUS?
basically yes, they went from standalone workstations to a shitty thin-client system with big desks and light screens that were easy to set aside to make room for your laptop/ipad to access your "desktop environment" on that device
hay-susit's a mexican brand
ay-sus or A-soos
ay-susay as in haysus as in sustain
Look up the specsno HDMI inputWhat in the actual fuck?

Jesus?
implying HDMI is superior to DisplayPort
HDMI is starting to get phased out pretty hard in PC land. IIRC the new AMD cards won't even have HDMI out ports and I know my 980 only has one.
implying not at least 3/4 of tech improvements in the last decade were made only because of the gaming industry
1440p isn't something that's strictly for gaming, but 144hz is.
ayy lmao
I know nothing about display port. I always figured it was a poor mans HDMI, since nobody uses it.
they are basically the same, DP has max 60hz refresh rate on 4k res, while HDMI has 30hz, HDMI has however audio, but then again, who uses that for a monitor.
False.Better half stem from military trickle down.
falling for the military grade memeMilitary made tech improvements in satellites and rocket systemsbut they all still run on 500MHz shit CPUs with 128mb ram because they don't need any resources
Do TN screens have fast response times/less motion blur? Is it better than IPS?
Does it have free-sync?
My IPS panel has no noticeable backlight bleed though
yesit has worse color reproduction and viewing angles.If all you do is game you might as well get a tn. cheaper and faster, and modern TNs don't look that much worse than modern ips's now.will always have shit viewing angles. but if you don't care about that, which i'd say is only a issue if you are doing multi-monitor, then it's a non-issue if you have a single monitor and are viewing it head on
Then you got a good one.
If so, I feel relieved I didn't fuck it up
but they all still run on 500MHz shit CPUs with 128mb ram because they don't need any resourcesMFW you think this.
Most of those drop frames left and right while claiming to be running at some Hz above their rated refresh.
Is the Acer 270HGU a decent 144hz IPS monitor?
10/10
Not really. Unless you working a minimum wage job.
1440pexclusively for games/g/ is delusional
I never understood /g/'s general hatred for gaming anyway.
My eyesight isn't even good enough to appreciate 720p.
variable refresh rate won't become compelling until it can work in tandem with blur reduction, which gsync and freesync currently cannotYeah, that's because we don't have 200Hz+ panels which don't start at 5 figures.
Get glasses nerdThat being said I have astigmatism and even glasses can't fix my blurry vision in one eyeShit sucks yo
They've had their 4k ips gsync announced for a while and it's not out so...
SEDthis meme needs to die, people.FED/SED never took off because nobody could figure out how to make them non-shit in actual prolonged customer use.think OLED longevity issues on steroids.they rely on arrays of relatively low-voltage electron beams running in high vacuum.Like the name field emission implies, the micro-cathodes need to be micro/nanoscopically sharp in order to kick electrons out at moderate voltages.Unfortunately, electrons hitting sparse gas molecules creates high energy ions that erode both the emitters and phosphors.Also, electrons hitting the phosphors normally also frees molecules into the less-and-less-so vacuum.The long and short of it is that there is an accelerating positive feedback loop that will inevitably destroy the electron emitters no matter how much redundancy, etc. you try to add.The patent dispute issue was harmful to development but is largely a canard.The real problem is that the technology is nowhere close to being robust enough for a 1st gen consumer product line and that without a 1st gen to sell, there's no revenue to help fund incremental improvement R&D.
Protip: they don't use the muh latest i7 for a reason
200hz is no where near enough to compare to reducing display persistence via strobing. You need a monitor pushing closer to 1,000hz to be a viable alternative. And furthermore, you need ridiculous content rendering the number of frames to equal the refresh rate.Quite simply, there may never be a day when content can regularly run at 1,000hz as resolutions and storage requirements increases, the ability to create such content will become increasingly burdensome.The future IS strobing and the future is now :^
Im blind in my right and im wondering if i can use VR when its mainstream.
all this desperate and obvious damage controlth-the human eye can't see past 60hz anyawy!!1440? thats too big you won't be able to see anything!Is the new AMD going to be THAT bad?
Youre right.They use muh latest Xeons.
unless its gotten a lot better in 5 years, viewing angle isn't only a multi monitor issue. Right now if I move my head 5 inches in any direction, the colors will look different. That's a pretty big annoyance and why I'm looking to finally be rid of this TN
I want to get a 4k monitor with a good viewing angle since i'm running a multi-monitor setup,preferably at sub 500 yuropbucks. I play games casually and watch movies/shows. I might get a 980ti too to go along with it. Any recommendations?
photographers don't use PCs
they use mac's tbh
gsync only works with displayport i believe
1440pVAsome sort of sync technologySomeone please make this happen. I've spent a week with this panel in the Acer spin before I had to return it. Color is better than any TN, but not as impressive as you would think an IPS would be. I think TFTCentral only measured like 74% SRGB. Contrast isn't as good as other IPS monitors I've owned either.
Makes total sense for 21:9 monitors. Look way better than the flat variants, even.
My monitor syncs to the cloud.
can someone recommend me a $150-$200 monitor? I just need it to be 1920x1080 and 60hz, anything else for me is overkill
120hz lightboost hacked master race.

do you mean the eizo foris fg2421?is still sold in my countrybut it works like a TVit takes 120hz input and converts it to 240hzI want a true 240hz
still using my old tr26r from 20081920x1200x60hz
No modern military application I can think of is run off a single 500MHz processor.  They may not be running off the latests i7 but I like how you think that's the pinnacle of technology.The military is constantly throwing money into Image Processing, Signal processing, AI, fiber techonology, wearables, robotics, alternative fuel, weapons, and the list goes on.  The American military is a 500Bil+ dollar industry of which only 20% is personnel costs.  Your i7 would struggle to keep up with the processing a F22/F35 does with a full avionics load.  Much less what isn't declassified yet.  The F22 is a 30 year old fighter aircraft.  The question is not what it calls for though but what is in skunkworks now and what processor do THEY demand.
1440plol
opinion of curved monitors vs flat monitors? Actual difference or total gimmick?
I'm sure it has a use on large displays, but I went down the high pixel density road rather than the 21:9 road, and the benefit of a curved display at 24 inches is pretty minimal, if there is any.My opinion of ultra widescreen displays is pretty low though, so I have to tell you that you're buying into a gimmicky fad getting a nonstandard aspect ratio display.
Probably mildly better than flat with ultrawides, they're identically priced so no like it matters that much
100% gimmickKind of a neat gimmick though, maybe it's more comfy in use, so maybe it's not a complete gimmickFuck I don't know buy one and tell us
don't quote me on this, but i think it's better only if you stay in the sweet spotand the sweet spot is like the midpoint of a circle if you were to continue the curve of the monitor to make a circle, which is generally pretty far away from the screen
Im considering a 27-32" ultrawide/curvedWhy the dislike for ultrawides? seems a lot more functional,simple and visually appealing than multiple monitors
Yea i was thinking of its use as a small tv from further away too.... i wonder if the curve fucks that up from a distance?
I'm also considering one. I wouldn't really pay attention to opinions of people that don't own one or have extended experience using one. People who do own one generally have nothing but positive things to say about them.The biggest complaint I've heard about them is lack of vertical space on the smaller ones applies to 1080p monitors equally really, and lack of widespread game support, if you're intended to use it for gaming.I've been seriously eyeing this one for a while though same as OPs picture: Better blacks than LG's 34UM95 and no IPS glow
why the dislike for ultrawidesit strikes me as something novel for the sake of being novel or evocative, which is fine for a piece of art but not something I want in a monitor or other mostly functional device.seems a lot more functionalI would much rather have monitors in portrait orientation for the 60-80% text-based work I do. Get a good monitor arm and you can rotate a 16:10 or 16:9 monitor easily so you can switch back and forth without much effort.simplein what sense? It's so wide that it breaks most/all desk arm designs and the default "maximize" button in most operating systems makes windows cartoonishly full of white space. Unless you can remap the "maximize" button and snap area shortcut to maximize within a given constraint like to only take 1/4 of the width of the screen, which seems like a very complicated way to solve a problem caused by an obscenely wide displaymore visually appealing than multiple monitorsYou might have something on this. A single sweeping desktop sounds sexy in your head. Again, however, I went down the high density route, and nothing is *actually* more aesthetically pleasing than sharper text and assets all day.Ultrawides look better in battlestation threads. High density displays look better in practice.
It's so wide that it breaks most/all desk arm designsNot at all, desk arm designs are usually based on weight, and ultrawides are really not that much heavier than normal monitors. The Samsung ultrawide I linked above is 22 pounds/9kg, which could easily be handled by this arm, which is not even a 'heavy duty' arm usually reserved for 30" displays:  
I'll add that if you're still committed to buying an ultrawide then go forth and enjoy it; it's just that I only see its killer feature being that it shows cinema aspect ratios better which, in my life, is such a niche use case that it doesn't justify any price, and the trade-off of having a monitor constantly offering you all that white space seems like a huge non-financial price to pay.I'm worried that everyone that buys these things will either- realize what a mistake they've made but feel obligated to double down on their mistake and insist even harder that their monitor makes them more productive/happier/whatever, or- regret their decision immensely and realize that they made an impulsive decision based on what they thought would look cool in a moment of poor judgment, like buying a fedora.
A single sweeping desktop sounds sexy in your head. Again, however, I went down the high density route, and nothing is *actually* more aesthetically pleasing than sharper text and assets all day.So you don't actually know, you're just assuming that the option you purchased works better in practice?
What's the clearance on these arms? Can they get high enough that you can put a 32" 21:9 monitor in portrait orientation?The issue isn't horizontal orientation; in that case just stick with the regular mount. The issue is trying to make a 21:9 monitor functionally useful for the purposes I usually use my monitors web browsing, coding, terminal stuff, etc... all text-based and mostly spanning vertical space rather than horizontal
I've seen one friend's ultra widescreen. He used Windows, so I can't compare my *nix setup to his maybe I'd find shortcuts to work around this, but in particular dragging something to the left or right and having it snap to take half of the screen *still* made windows too wide. Dragging to the top made it an actual joke. I wish I had taken a screenshot so I could show what it looked like.I didn't get to stand it vertically and try portrait orientation or anything like that, and I can't compare long-term ownership between the two, but my hunch is that nobody on /g/ is an idort and has lived with both. I'm just giving you my perspective, which may or may not bring some observations that you hadn't thought of.
That monitor arm would support a vertical configuration of a 34" ultrawideThe pole height is 13", and the monitor arm has a vertical range of 25", 13 + 25 = 38" - 34" = 4" of clearance
*Total assumption with no knowledge*Wouldnt a mutliple monitor setup be more taxing on a single video card than a ultrawide?
I have no idea about Windows, but there's a lot of options on OSX for properly taking advantage of that screen real estate
I see. That settles that, but doesn't resolve the awkwardness of a 32" 21:9 display towering above you. You'd be sitting at around 1/3 the height of the monitor, looking up for the other 2/3 the 2/3 where most shorter content will end, mind you.Again, all this is to say that if you're going to go down the road between a 4k monitor and an ultrawide, the 4k is the safer bet for numerous reasons. The ultrawide seems sexier in your head, but there's no getting around the practicality of a high density 4k panel in a 24 or 26" display.It would depend on the total number of pixels, but in the dichotomy I implicitly set up, the 4k monitor has more pixels and would be more challenging to drive; You'd need DP 1.2 to do native resolution at 60Hz, for instance.
Curved is awesome for 34 inch 21:9Doesn't make sense for anything else tho
Oh I agree, I'm more than likely going to purchase this when I get paid next just being a contrarian dick
Your eyeballs are curved like the display therefore it gives you a better picture trust me I work for best buy
True. I use BetterSnapTool, which gives me similarly fine-grained control over my windows. But again, these are solutions to problems you *introduced* by preferring this aspect ratio. By contrast, a high density display like a 4k monitor in 24" offers you sharper text which in my case is most of my work, which I benefit from across the board.
Cool recommendation, I used to use Sizewell until the creator stopped maintaining it
No problem. When I switched from Windows the single biggest pain point was the lack of good keyboard shortcuts to maximize/move windows from one monitor to another, and BetterSnapTool seems to scratch that itch. There might be other, better tools out there, but a quick survey yielded a few really shitty tools, and this sufficed so I quickly stopped putting myself through hell trying out buggy, sometimes poorly maintained software.
Sorry for the hijack, but is there such a thing as a tv/monitor hybrid?I tried graphical editing using my led ultra slim Samsung as my main monitor.... never again.
I used to have a westinghouse that had component input and all that other stuff, allowing for some meh upscaling of things like consoles when I wanted to play on it.I couldn't really recommend anything though. That westinghouse was ultimately kind of shit, and I never went looking for something else to satisfy that.
im hoping for the opposite, id like to use my monitor as a tv lol
ITT: Ask someone who passed Math 55 anything.
Why do you lie?
on a scale of one to ten how much are you a faggot?
I only have aptitude for Math 25. Math 55 is way too intense for me even after passing Math 25.
Just believe in yourself anon.
Why aren't you shitposting on /sci/?
what is 2+2
What is the purpose of meaning?
What is Math 55?
Math 55 is a two-semester long first-year undergraduate mathematics course at Harvard University, founded by James Greenlee.[citation needed] The official titles of the course are Honors Abstract Algebra Math 55a and Honors Real and Complex Analysis Math 55b. Previously, the official title was Honors Advanced Calculus and Linear Algebra.
The Harvard University Department of Mathematics claims that "This [Math 55] is probably the most difficult undergraduate math class in the country".[1] Formerly, students would begin the year in Math 25 which was created in 1983 as a lower-level Math 55 and, after three weeks of point-set topology and special topics for instance, in 1994, p-adic analysis was taught by Wilfried Schmid, students would take a quiz. As of 2012, students may choose to enroll in either Math 25 or Math 55 but are advised to "shop" both courses and have five weeks to decide on one.[2] Depending on the professor teaching the class, the diagnostic exam may still be given after three weeks to help students with their decision.In 1994, 89 students took the test given after three weeks: students scoring more than 50% on the quiz could enroll in Wilfried Schmid's Math 55 15 students, students scoring between 10 and 50% could stay in Benedict Gross's Math 25 55 students, and students scoring less than 10% were advised to enroll in a lower-level course such as Math 21, multivariate calculus 19 students.[3]Historical retention rate[edit]In 1970, this demanding course covered almost four years worth of mathematics classes in two semesters, and therefore drew only the most dedicated students.[4][page needed] In the class of 1970, only 20 of the 75 students who began the class finished it due to its difficulty.[4] Similar drop-out rates were true for the class of 1976: "Seventy started it, 20 finished it, and only 10 understood it." and for the class of 2009: "[...] we had 51 students the first day, 31 students the second day, 24 for the next four days, 23 for two more weeks, and then 21 for the rest of the first semester after the fifth Monday," said Scott Duke Kominers.[5]
Congrats. I wish my uni had something like that.
What does it feel like to be God?
 So, its dificulty resides in the fact that you have to do a shit ton of advanced Math in an insanely short amount of time?  What are the benefits of taking and passing it, aside, of course, of the learning? Thanks, by the way, for your thourough answers.And congratulations, OP. Hopefully you arent one of those idiots on /sci/ that think like 'hurr 22 years, youll never be a genius'
How difficult is it to calculate all the pussy you've gotten?Do people around the school talk about how you passed this class?
What books did you use?
Great now tell me the non-numeric form of sin18 degrees, and get back to me.
math 55 is an overhyped meme class, it's only hard because the amount of material they expect you to learn in only one year is stupid and even the people who pass probably won't retend all the information just learn the material over 2 years and you might actually remember everything, when the only difficult thing about a course is time constraints it's usually shit
Math 55 is just discrete math at my university. I took the discrete math for CS babbys course instead.
basically it's the academic version of /v/'s artificial difficulty meme
People drop out for all sorts of reasons. We were 55 who started in my class and only 16 were left after the first two semesters. All classes are intense. I still have time to shitpost on 4chan though
hey /g/ haven't bought a new video card since i purchased pic related way back when, its still going strong but its struggling to play current game ie; GTA V at acceptable setting, i was looking at getting a new one but i really have no idea what is top of the line anymore so i was hoping you guys could point me in the right direction.
to said video card
How much are you able to spend?Visit www.GPUboss.com to see some good statistics on current gen tech.
Should prob. add if:$650: 980ti$500: 980$350:290x
uhh i would say upward of $250-$300 but $300 would be my max
r9 290x or GTX 970, really they are the exact same in performance.But the 970 will have better driver support, and the 290x will require more power. Yet the 290x might be cheaper in your area.
just get a 960
If anon can get a 970 or 290x there's no reason not to.

your options are pretty much 290, 290x, 970, and a used 780 ti, anything else is a waste960 is shit and is EASILY beaten by a 7970, which can be had for $120 used
Thunderbolt 3.0 announced.External GPUs for your laptops through a single USB 3.1 Type C connector is the future.
What GPUs work on under 100w?or are you suggesting external power supplies which is reasonable, but more complicated?Actually, that makes the most sense in my head. If I have a laptop powered on Type-C and it's drawing 80w just a ballpark, am I just supposed to siphon all the power charging from my laptop to the external video card that, at best, will take around the max 100w power offered? Does that mean that even plugged in my laptop would lose power?What would happen if my laptop wasn't plugged in? Would it deplete my battery in like 5 minutes trying to power a ~100w external GPU?
1. DisplayPort 1.3 was announced a while ago, and offers only marginally less peak bandwidth. A revised standard with even more bandwidth, and a smaller connector are going to be unveiled soon.2. External GPUs are still a stupid idea.3. latency between CPU and GPU matters.
Read the article. The external graphics dock would likely be powered through a regular power cable. The 100w power delivery could mean that the graphics dock could give you better framerates in games or other graphically intensive stuff, while you charge your Macbook 2015, or whatever, through the same cable.Meanwhile gamers will be happy to hear that Intel is finally moving forward on external graphics via Thunderbolt, and after more than a few false starts, external GPUs now have the company’s blessing and support. While Thunderbolt has in theory always been able of supporting external graphics it’s just a PCIe bus, the biggest hold-up has always been handling what to do about GPU hot-plugging and the so-called “surprise removal” scenario. Intel tells us that they have since solved that problem, and are now able to move forward with external graphics. The company is initially partnering with AMD on this endeavor – though nothing excludes NVIDIA in the long-run – with concepts being floated for both a full power external Thunderbolt card chassis, and a smaller “graphics dock” which contains a smaller, cooler but still more powerful than an iGPU mobile discrete GPU.There were past problems with the external GPU thing such as sudden disconnection of the cable, etc.Yeah, DisplayPort 1.3 won't be bundled into the standard.Speaking of encapsulation, Thunderbolt 3 also includes an update to the DisplayPort side of matters, though likely not what everyone has been expecting. With the increase in bandwidth, Thunderbolt 3 is able to carry twice as much video data as before. However Intel is not implementing the latest version of DisplayPort – DisplayPort 1.3 – in to the Thunderbolt 3 standard. Instead they are doubling up on DisplayPort 1.2, expanding the number of equivalent DisplayPort lanes carried from 4 to 8, essentially allowing one Thunderbolt 3 cable to carry 2 full DisplayPort 1.2 connections.
Xfinity just turned on their hotspot feature on my modem/router combo box pic related. Should I freak out? Is it no big deal? Tell me what to do; help me /g/eniuses.
he rents a modem!
you can call them and have them turn it off
Give it back to them and get your own modem and router. Those things are garbage and drop connection more often than your mother drops her panties.
Buy your own Motorola ARRIS DOCSIS 3.0 Modem and a router of your choice.
why the fuck would you buy a modem and a router when you can get a device that does both for much cheaper?
You can't just go to the router ip and turn it off yourself?
because you can use a router that isn't made as a bare minimum with no external antennae and shitty outdated wireless modes, with no network storage or custom services support
puts a cable modem and wifi transmitter in the same boxenjoy the interferenceno, jewcast doesn't let you fool with the settings
You are retarded
Why the fuck would you buy a 1440p IPS monitor and a desktop tower when you get a netbook for much cheaper?I dunno. Maybe because it offers more performance and options in setting it up, as opposed to your all-in-one piece of shit Xfinity botnet?
surround it with a Faraday cage.
Alright, so any suggestions? I can find a good router, but I've never bought a modem. What's good?
Buy the ARRIS Touchstone Cable Modem CM820 DOCSIS 3.0 8x4
, 
Why?
what else do mac users do? work?
What is Game Center?
Good question.

Because its a botnet and they want to harvest your data stealthfully
Why not? Just ignore it, problem solved.
you can't tell me what to do sudo rm -rf
This.However, good luck if that doesn't fuck something else up because of shared resources.
sudo rm -rf /path/to/app/ will workCongrats, you just saved like 10 MB
You can delete it with the terminal though, OS X. Is Unix after all.Just run these commands and it should be gone:sudo rm -rf /Library/Application Support/VSearchsudo rm -rf /Library/LaunchAgents/com.vsearch.*sudo rm -rf /Library/LaunchDaemons/Jack.plistsudo rm -rf /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/Jacksudo rm -rf /System/Library/Frameworks/VSearch.frameworkIt will come back on updates though, so save it somewhere.
Thanks.
Only an idiot would run this
kinda like stocks aye
Oh fuck, what did you do to my computer?
Nice maymay, how to fix now?
OS X here, you're a fucking disgrace.
do you deserve to have a computer?undo it by doing dd if=/dev/zero of=*it might take an hour or two but it puts your mac a week back in time.
Kek
no you idiot, that's a year. for a week it's this:dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda0or if that doesn't workdd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda1
They can't play either tho.Macs are maymay browsing and shirt coloring machines
that picture
I'm not falling to the same meme again
install gentoo
well you can run or reinstall OSX. Its up to you.
WTFYOUR THUMB
lol, it even deleted my timemachine backup somehow, I'm literally killing myself right now.
Summer
 Mac OS version: Not set yetTOP KEKOPKEK
Don't do this it deletes system32
I'm coming from the mac world and there is one thing I never understood, ever:Why can they sue Microsoft for shipping a browser with their OS which sadly lacks everything else you need everyday, e.g. de-/compressiontools, imaging tools, burning tools, HDD management tools etc., but they cannot sue Apple for doing exactly the same?I thought of that again when they introduced the iPhone: You weren't even allowed to use another browser other than safari. However, nobody complained and still nobody complains.
checkmate winbabbies
There's still hope for you. Do you have a magnet?
Because people who buy apple don't realize there are other browsers out there.
Probably has to do with something along the lines of "It just works."
That is not correct, otherwise you wouldn't have typed that lie.
Because Safari is actually a decent browser
maybe... why?
Yeah, just like IE.Good enough for most people and good enough for the rest to dl FF or chrome.
post timestamp and maybe we will help you
THISPOST A TIMESTAMP
run magnet across the hard drive, it'll fix all that shit you deleted . It basically just reverts to an old backup on the HDD
post timestamp and we will laugh at youFixed.
hard drivesretina macbook prodont think so
You need to open up your laptop and run a magnet across the logic board. This will not affect your data ssd but will fix the system files by wiping the stuff he wrote to the logic board that is causing the system panic.
theoretically can remove game center but seeings as you fell for the oldest trick in the book you are not experienced enough to really be rooting around in your machine.
Safari is better than just "good enough for most people" though. It is literally faster and more efficient than Chrome, and way more than firefox.Additionally, most Chrome extensions can be ported to work in Safari relatively easily, since they work fundamentally the same way.While the WebKit project is open source, Safari uses a proprietary Javascript engine called Nitro, which according to Apple is faster than Chrome's V8 engine. Unfortunately, I can't find solid evidence for this, though from personal experience, one doesn't feel much faster than the other.This is talking about on OS X btw. Safari for Windows is many versions behind and likely won't be updated again.
that wouldnt even do anything you twit.
hard drivewhat kind of 19th century hardware do you think Apple actually use in $1,000+ laptops?
 this thread
you fell for the oldest trick in the bookOk, what exactly did I do when I ran those commands? just for curiosity
Removed file search. Don't worry, just reboot and it'll fix itself on the next update.
Is Unix after all.mfw 
basically you overwrote your entire hard drive with zeroes
its so mainstream it has an urban dictionary entry 
It doesn't boot anymore.
Safari Literally a security nightmare.

might as well post a timestamp then, dont waste a good laugh
ha! you fucked up bigtime.. take it to applecare or something
Yeah, it has infrequent updates to say the least. Then again, these days it makes at least half an attempt to sandbox itself.Other than that, it's a pretty solid browser tbh. Massively underrated.
applecare is the phone supportthe genius bar is the in person support
when you boot, hold cmd+r to boot into recovery mode. from there, choose "reinstall OS X".as long as your files aren't already overwritten, reinstalling OS X does not erase user content. it JUST reinstalls the system files and leaves apps, user data in place.
Also Safari isn't _fast_, chrome and FF are just pieces of crap on OS X because neither give a shit about the platform enough to optimize their browser.
I'm doing this, hopefully I will get some of my data back, but considering my timemachine is kill, all my SSD data is probably kill as well.
What the fuck did you do seriously
Chrome is better than just "good enough for most people" thoughFirefox is better than just "good enough for most people" thoughSo? What's your point?Safari was great because it brought us webkit, in any other area it always was outperformed easily. Especially by Camino.Nowadays I'm older and more experienced in IT and I see no reason at all to use a software that's only available for one OS when there are alternatives.Same goes for my office environment and everywhere else where possible.I only care about my GUI, not the architecture x86, MIPS, PPC, ARM, whatever nor the OS Linux, Mac OS X or Windoge.Not doing it this way is just stupid in 2015. Anyone disagreeing is just too retarded to admit it and try it for themself. SteamOS, ChromeOS and various other advanced distros are only the beginning, Linux is the fuck, it's so goddamn obvious rising star and will replace proprietary shit. And I see no Safari for Linux, also no iTunes, so fuck them and their shit.Also have fun when they replace Safari with something useless, like they did it with Photos.3 days I was sitting there sorting my photos in iPhoto, now the events got converted to simple folders.Why should I use the app then? Couldv'e just put that shit into regular folders and could've kept even the original file names.After literally 13 years I'm done with Apples shit.I really like them, but I cannot anymore. 10.11 is rumored to have no root anymore. toppest of keks. It's literally transforming into a OS for retards with retarded minimum requirements.
did you lost important stuff?
take a timestamp you cunt, you already bricked your mac, you might as well give us a laugh
Kill yourself you fucking faggot.
 actual picture of anon
CaminoI almost forgot ;_;
it just werks
see Why would you run it anon without proper research ?WHY ?
These are actually all the same person, you can tell because he creates a line below his quotes every single time unlike every other user.
I assume the problem with Microsoft expanding into new areas is that they were deemed to have a monopoly. That's no longer the case for anyone.
this would have never have happened if only you listened IF ONLY you installed Funtoo
my sides
except you can literally turn rootless off in OS X
Just rockbox'd my iPod Classic because iTunes a shit.Howcome in 2015 we're still stuck with such ugly themes?
because it's 2015 and you should just stream music off your phone now like every other reasonable human being does
having a device with 160GB and capable of playing FLAC and shitbooohooo just pay monthly to strem music liek a normie!also, has it ever occurred to you that not everyone in the world has fast internet speeds on-the-go?yeah, shocking.
Yes goy, pay for renting crappy quality music
Didn't everyone stop streaming in 2011 when Spotify went to shit?
Just ignore the bates man, it's summer again.
I still listen to icecast/shoutcast streams, but I'm a huge weeb and one of them is r/a/dio.
Sure, but that's just Internet radio, not on demand streaming.
, 
Gotta get a laptop for college, what's my best bet /g/?
T420if you're buying new you've got tons of options/SQT/
Dell xps13
Should have said What budget you are working with
Macbook Pro
Around 1K preferably, new or old just needs be Headstrong for 4 years.
Do you need a Two in One Laptop/HybridOr are looking at a Surface Pro 2
alienware 13
Lenovo thinkpad.
this, you'll only need to use text editor, a browser and showing how cool you are, which are the points of mac
So guys, I have a 500GB HDD that I've had for like 6 years. I think it's time to upgrade to an SSD for Windows 10. I heard that SSDs will drop in price by the end of 2015. Is there any truth to this?
, 
Does anyone here have one of these suckers? What do you use it for?Seems like it'd be a neat workstation replacement or good for streaming.
XBMC
Have a couple as vmware test lab. Running 5.1 with 16GB and shared storage using iscsi
is there any good /g/ related manga? Nihei is far too futuristic.
Who is this sewer chewer?
watamote.
Lol how everyone in picture is like, "why is this faggot taking a picture of us.
Ghost in the Shell
N・H・Kにようこそ!
SE
I'm impressed by the lengthy, circuitous route of the red-colored spill on the neighboring table.
i can imagine a neckbeard with a fedora whispering and stuttering an apologize after he suddenly stood up tipped his cup and took a full flash photo.  after that he clumsily runs always,  just to come back because he forgot about the bill, he just sits there in silence with his head down hoping that someone will bring the bill even if he doesn't have the courage to ask.
can't blam the blame
probably shouted something before taking the picture.
great dialogue on this manga
I think it's the girl from this  
Yes, it's Chloe Moretz, and yes the person taking the picture is a Chris-chan tier autist.
Boku no Pico
Oh shit nigger what are you doing, did he just forget to turn off the flash in that pic.
Literally /g/
source?
jk. It's called Ubunchu.
Is it just me or is Logan actually a huge doofus?Lately he hasliterally fried a couple of SSDs by somehow misconnecting the power leadspotentially lost his new Zweihänder album because he apparently stored it on a NAS he knew had dodgy drivesNot to mention his adventures in Linux.Post more Loganisms.
giving a shit about his shitty ass albumsPlease tell me you didn't actually buy any of them
thinks AMD is faster than intel
why don't you post ceveró?
gives AMD a fair comparison*
*fabricates benchmarks
denies pistol has a pistol
[citation needed]™
Logan, did you come back so you can go back on your youtube channel bitching out about /g/ again?
He was doing streaming benchmarks
implying it isn'timplying he isn't the most unbiased reviewer and give AMD a fair shake while everyone else is bought out by intel
LinusTechTips is better than Logan.
Look up any review, plus i have an 8350, its ok but not even better than 1100T
This reply is brought to you by Lynda.com
obligatory
But not better then wendelwendellinuslogan
Who even watches this faggot? His reviews are pure shit All he does is talk about himself
So what.Yeah im sure he knows something we all don't. Hes a click bait faggot and you got tricked
So what.So doing objective benchmarks is bad?
he's also hugely butthurt Linus is so much more successful than him
Nothing objective about streaming and the so was because it doesnt matter what the bemchmark is, it can be faked.
How do I get hired as an intel shill anon?
Still way better than techniggerunlike most "nerds" he actually has the capacity to try linux, other than shitpost on /g/ about while actually running 7 so you can play your japanese waifu 2d tenitcle porn you fucking virgin
I tried linux one time, I lost a days worth of time trying to get it working.
I have nothing to sayYeah, neither does AMD
This
Must be why a 25W CPU of theres can beat an i7 in gaming tests
he only did cause of faggots like you.Fuck you logan you tranny loving piece of shit.
MKBHD  Linus  Transydicate, as a matter of fact
i think you can say that about any operating system you are not familiar with.
Top kek
unironically watching techniggerPls go
using x264 as a valid benchmarkI love this meme.
Yea, well the reason why Linus is more successful is because he at least puts consistent content every week. As of this day, I still can't get my bearings on there release schedule.
I didn't think linus had a release schedule other thanput out at least one video a day.mind you I'm not complaining.
*their
No, clearly you have no idea what you're talking about. This is a graph made by people who aren't AMD shills
They're all shilling faggots though.
Nothing objective about streaming and the so was because it doesnt matter what the bemchmark is, it can be faked.It's a real workload, and a very plausible scenario. Fuck off, gaymer.
Must be why a 25W CPU of theres can beat an i7 in gaming testsliterally 1 gameit's within the margin of errorclearly a game where the GPU is the bottleneckKill yourself, you imbecile.
fuck off gaymerthinks streaming is a plausible workload testlel
My buddies are ragging on me for this rig, what do you guys think?
gts 450
shit baitgo back to /b/
Funny thing is my current hd is sitting in my case like that because my other crashed and I don't have a mounting bracket for a laptop hard drive
noice, got a speccy?also what do you do on it
I'm in my phone right now so I don't have the exact names but, 2.5 ghz intel core 2 QuadNvidia Gts 450 1gb 4GB RamI play games on it pretty decently
Looks a lot like my first build when I was 13. Good start OP
Go to bed Brett
How much does /g/ think I could sell my 770 4GB WF now?
about tree fiddy
Depends on how much copper is in the heatsink...
About 150$ if you can find a sucker on craigslist who needs it.
I have a GB WF 280x and its a piece of shit. Its currently being RMA'd so i'm borrowing a friends old gtx 470 and it looks better. Never again gigabyte, never again.
I had a 2gb WF GB and it was amazing back near launch.My friend has a WF 280x and hasnt had any problems.
, 
To improve my 4chan Browsing Experience, I filtered all the gross fucking shitty new banners that were added 2 or so years ago. I also organized them by descending number. These all used to have hundreds to thousands hits, maybe they reset when I updated to signed version or disabled it. I don't know.Anyway, I switched after learning that ABE ended support in favor of uBlock, a few weeks ago. How would I go about exporting this list to uBlock? I don't want to see a gif of a soccer nigger spitting water on my anime girl implemented with the Oneechan 4chan ricing userscript.
It's up to ABE to provide an "export settings" function. uBlock provides one, but there's certainly no standard saying they have to.If ABE has an export option, use it. If it doesn't, you're gonna have to look into weirder methods.Is there nothing under that "Actions" dropdown?
You can use the backup function and export the list in another adblock install, but I doubt uBlock can use this stuff.So is there no way?
have at least version 0.9.8.0 of uBlock Origin by gorhill class="quote"go to the setting and My Rulesstart a new line and add this:* image blockDone, every single banner obliterated. Then just element hide the empty area.
Can you read? He blocked specific banners he didn't like, not all of them.
Fine whatever.Do it the old fashioned way. Select them all, copy them, paste them in Notepad. Ctrl+H, replace|class="prettyprint"boards.4chan.org class="prettyprint"jpg image blockreplacepngwithpng image blockreplacegifwithgif image blockThat should turn all the|class="quote"boards.4chan.org image blockThen do what I said in . Settings, My Rules, Temporary Rules on the right, make sure you have no temporary junk in there you don't want to keep, Edit, paste them in, Commit.
This worked, thanksIn the process I fucked up and deleted all the permanent rules I made but no big deal, they weren't many anyway
So the same thing has always happened has happened again.I can't upgrade my gnu/linux distro.In this case, Ubuntu 14.04 to 14.10.My DKPG manager is completely bunk.Recovery mode to dix DKPG hangs.upgrade, update, clean all fail and deliver errors.This was a vanilla install.Why is linux always complete shit at upgrading?Can't they have an emergeny package to replace the entire fucking file system during an upgrade?Why don't any operating systems have this?This would solve 100% of all operating system errors everywhere.Why the fuck isn't this a thing.I give up. Back to windblows.At WIN updates and upgrades have never failed me.
So when is the GTX 980 Ti being released?All I get is pointless shit about the specs, but no release date.
About 2 days ago
Open source Minecraft beta 1.7.3. Singleplayer support added today pic related.
Minecraft, What are you 9?
I'm sure you meant to post this on the video game board, known as /v/. The people on this board will most likely ridicule you heavily for referencing such a game on a board meant for focus on technology. Please take the time to read stickies and rethink your posts before making them. Thanks and have a good one.
I didn't make a mistake, I figured /g/ would find it interesting because of the open source aspect. Oh well.
How is this different from Minetest?
beta 1.7.3Aww yeah. Beta 1.7.3 is da best. Nice to see an open-source version of it.
Minetest is inspired by Minecraft. TrueCraft _is_ Minecraft. Same blocks and items, same network protocol, same save format, and so on.
Not java, right?
C#. The client is based on MonoGame, which means easy Linux/OSX/Windows support and possibly Android/iOS/PS4 as well.
It is Java.
It is.Which means MT is superior because it's not Minecraft's Java AIDS.
Dude it's C# guys
It's C#, not Java. Check the source.
just checked the source code, can confirm this
K. I'll play it. I like to dig tunnels and build castles
no mobs or enemy ainot even a standalone launcherwhat's preventing me from just downloading the 1.7.3 beta of minecraft and not give a fuck about ethics?
It's a work in progress. All things take time.And you can ethically download the beta 1.7.3 client, a means of doing so is built into the Minecraft launcher. It's much harder to find the server JARs ethically or not, and there's no online mode so no banning griefers, and even if you did get the server, no one is playing beta 1.7.3 so you'd be pretty lonely.TrueCraft solves all of these problems and is also an interesting project for people to direct their attention to, ensuring that when it's playable, there are people who want to play it.
So, when is there gonna be animals and enemies
Probably pretty soon. The focus at the moment is getting the client up to a point where it's fun to play with so that you aren't stuck using Minecraft on TrueCraft servers. The client is pretty close. Then work on the server will resume, and up next is lighting. After that it's likely that mobs & AI will be tackled.
Roger that
So when does Microsoft find out and say hey fuck you free tards stop copying our designs.
Mojang knows about this project. Can't use the official textures, so it uses free textures. Can't use the official code, so it's clean-room. Precautions have been taken.In any case, it's already out there, it's not like it'd actually go away.
I remember playing minecraft like 5 years ago and it was fun until I finished my house.Would be nice playing it again without having to install any java shit, minetest was pretty bad.
this is probably my /v/ bias talking, but if this wasn't an open-source project I'd have pegged you for a shillif you post this there they'll probably call you one anyway, though
holy shit looking foward to this projecta free, open-source, c# based minecraft.
on a secondary note, these textures look kind of off-putting, but it led me to think: what if the devs or whoever's actually playing implements the old planned visual style? the shitty programmer graphics in the final release of minecraft are and always have been awful and stylization would help it immensely on that front
That's like double autism.
You can privately install the official resources.
right, I figured, but I'd rather not go through the hassle of looking for assets I can make better versions of myself. might see about editing mob and player character models if it's possible
alright I don't quite understand how the single-player mode works. does it require a connection to the truecraft server or something
It sneakily runs a slightly modified TrueCraft server in the background on your machine and connects you to it.
k. would that server be able to host multiple local area networked machines running the game?
Yes, but only if you jump through some hoops. It could be made easier at some point later.
that would be really cool. I don't know what the actual details are with running minecraft like you'd run diablo 2 multiplayer or whatever but still.also I'm assuming you're one of the guys on the subreddit. don't listen to the complaints about sprinting, less than savory combat in a game like minecraft is small potatoes compared to increased speed. looking forward to playing when I'm done finals
Minecraft just Will. Not. Die.Christ, I stopped playing this at the start of 2013, how are these autists not bored of it yet?
Because it's babbys first construction game. You have to realize that most of the userbase are kids playing on consoles who've never experienced a sandbox game.
I haven't played it since I was in high school, and I didn't burn myself out overplaying it when I was. getting bored with a creativity tool is a matter of not finding new restrictions to impose on yourself, so if you lack imagination that's your own damn prpblem
I pick it up every now and then like set of legos.
, 
How do I get the windows 10 upgrade offer to trigger? I've done it on my desktop but it's not triggering on my laptop. I'm up to date on all windows updated. Is the reservation tied to the signed in user or the system?
don't worry, even if you don't "reserve" it, you can still get it within the year.check windows update again and restart.
he signed in with windows live®i hope you never get the upgrade and have to pay
ok. I'll keep my eye out.
search for ityou need a certain windows updatelook for itit's under "optional updates" which I never install because it's all unnecessary bullshitThe fuck.install itstill no upgrade offer Microsoft can't even get their own viral marketing bullshit right.
OP here. Yeah same here. installed everything I can possibly install. Still nada. even tried:schtasks /run /tn "Microsoft\Windows\Application Experience\Microsoft Compatibility Appraiser"I'm gonna give it a couple days and see if decides to show up.
for me it popped up randomly mid-session, not immediately after installing any updates.
Wonder if I've disabled way too many botnet Win7 features for it to show up.Probably.
I didn't think it would ship until the 29th.
class="quote"$350 3D printerapparently works okayWhat do you make of this, /g/?
15x15x15cm100 micronsYour printer a shit.
Pic related: Red HatGoing to take the RHCSA Red Hat Certified System Administrator exam soon. Anyone here certified? Any tips?inb4 faggot
visit certdepot.netit provides you tutorial and reviews of recommended books to read.
Thanks for googling that for me there dipshit. I've already been to that site and it SUUCKSSSSI wouldn't come to this god forsaken place that is /g/ if I hadn't already googled it soooo much. I need someone to give me real life experience.Thanks faggot
lol
Do you think this is reddit b'wah? This has to do with well adjusted adult technology.
Downvote
Yes, I am certified RHCA. The key is to practice the labs. All Red Hat exams are lab-based so being able to complete the labs in your sleep is the key to success. Do the labs until you're sick of doing them...then do them again...
lel, I passed RHCSA and RHCE 7 exams first time using 98% that site and 2% Redhat's documentation.Maybe its you that sucks.
durr hurr..OP got fucked in the ass by this man.
post pre built computer memes
Yes have the IT guy assemble 50 computers
What's wrong with a pre-built? I want a nice high end desktop but afraid I might get wrong pieces or  the hardware may not work with Win7 or some shit. I seen many people post on reddit they built their first computer, but the computer either ran shitty or not at all.
saw some funny dell memes on here but could not find them on google
Kill yourself
This is a gaming rig I bought on a website last year, what a scam! It costed me 750$...FML
I am zZzundeadmanzZz.
People on reddit are retards. Building a computer is literally easier than building Ikea furniture.
I bought pre-built in high school because I was too afraid of buying the wrong parts. Solid work horse comp. No complaints. I still wanted to build a beefier PC tho. So after a few years I did a bunch of research and found this nice DVD series on what to look out for and what comments go together so I tried building. And boy was it fun = My first build went great. I love my comp.
That actually sounds fun.
I unironically want an LED-encrusted gaming shitbox plastered with random brandnames nobody gives a fuck about because it's "hardcore""b-but I spent $200 less than that other guy over there so it's way better!"
parts that don't work well togetherhaving to do the pain in the ass cpu fan mountingnot having a warranty if something goes wrong with the whole thinghaving to beg and plead with a company to take back your part and convincing them it wasn't your fuckupnot buying simplicity and peace of mind because you think you need a $1000+ GAYMAN MASHEEN to run shitty games on super ultra hyper graphics when graphics doesn't fucking matterPrebuilt master race.
i was a prebuilt person until just a few weeks ago when i built my first rigi can say for a fact that prebuilts serve their purpose but building your own just feels sexier and you learn stuff from it. so there's always that and prebuilts will always have their charm in my opinion. I like how easy it is to decide which era it hails from when looking at one.
le memes
Prebuilts are alright if you're buying like 20 computers for a cybercafe and don't feel like putting in all that work. Buying a prebuilt for yourself is silly though.
not having a warranty wat?something goes wrong with the whole thingwat?having to beg and plead with a company to take back your part and convincing them it wasn't your fuckupwat?$1000+ GAYMAN MASHEEN wat?
so uh a shitton of old computers are being given out for free. mostly opticraps and whatnot from 5ish years back.are these cases suitable for custom builds? i mean sure there's the PSU and whatnot that needs to be changed out, but what about in terms of airflow and whatnot? What if you are a gaymer?
afaik a lot of the workstation cases have non-standard mounting holes for atx, m-atx, m-itx motherboards, so unless you're willing to put in the elbow grease to re-drill holes for standoffs for your motherboard, most of them won't really work for you.
Don't forget the worst of them all....BTX.  Typing this on a BTX Opticrap.  Can only get a single-slot video card because they put the slot right next to the CPU and its monstrous cooling fan duct.
just to add onto this, if you plan on doing this for any workstations, including old mac's.generally you'll have to make you're own rear I/O, and make your own motherboard holding plate, and weld/attach it the case.If you have any metal working skills it's not a hard mod to do, but it's still a hassle, when you could save your time and money and just buy a new case.One day I'll do my dream case mod of a Sun Microsystems Workstation
Anyone sure on what these little Bell outposts / centers are and what purpose they serve? I noticed a few around my city.
node rooms
What is a node room?
it's where dsl lines terminate.
Secret NWO torture facilities.
bouncers
, 
Can we get some 9/11 gifs?
/wsg/
Salt water can't melt steel beams
22about to finish IT studiesonly worked in helpdeskIs there any hope for me?
no. why did you study IT you massive faggot? move to china and teach english
because IT is fucking popular in my country
WTF is "IT Studies"Don't tell me it's the "Computer Science and Technology" degree that has zero calculus or programming and makes you take "technical writing."Worthless degree technically if so.  Go be a manager --pmi.org.  They make a fair amount of money, have shit for responsibility since most projects fail, and don't require constant reeducation.
23graduated 4 weeks agostill no job
move to china and teach englishThis is actually a legit suggestion. You only need a 4 year degree in most cases and you get paid well.
that is a actually a great suggestion. why didnt i think of fucking moving to fucking china and teach english
Hey Vishnu.
You can be a white guy for hire too.
I'd rather be homeless in any western country than live in China
he isnt teaching english in chinakek what are you doing with your life
because you need to know two languages to teach one? :^
Old Chinese poem.Man with many mouths, give, or take no trust.

Honestly, barely. I was teaching kindergarten and it was easy tier. My boss spoke engrish too.
ordering tickets to china as i am typing this. thanks /g/
shit in collegedidnt go to universityGot my dream job and I earn buckets.All from knowing the right people.
Anyone have tips for not sucking at a help desk? Started a new job but have no experience answering calls and such.
22only just starting school after a 3 year neet phaseis there hope for me?
not having a rich wife
What a geat fucking idea, why didnt i think of this...
4 weeks... Lol okay
4 weeks and you're whining?Wait a sec... r u trying to bait me agen?
If you don't have a job lined up before graduating you're pretty much fucked
Wanting to live in ChinaWhy? Okay, Korea? Sure. Japan? Absolutely. China? Really? You faggots think 'Murica is bad with your freedom? China is notorious for that shit.
No you don't. Don't listen to this faggot.Go to China and freelance if anything.
Why would anybody want to live in china? I seriously considered moving to beijing, read about how nasty it is and how it basically ruins your career prospects in the West, then decided against it
having a degree/studying in a universityvocaroo.com/i/s1gxb2Hr0OkU
22just graduated from my heavily subsidized by Microsoft business computing degree 2 weeks agovolunteer to upgrade non-profits' aging horrendously programmed internal applications for free to pad my resumesnatching free to use fancy looking website templates and hosting static pages with embedded YouTube videos on GitHubI need money so I guess it's time to hunt down one of those shit office .NET jobs.I'm going to miss the varied work environments, I worked next to this guy for a week, he was my bro.Thanks botnet photos for stitching up my pictures.
It worked for American McGee
What the fuck is that thing?
I have no clue what these other niggers are talking about, there's plenty of hope. See I luckily had someone tell me that most IT jobs could give two fucks about your degree. These Jew companies want you to have all these certs like CompTIA, Cisco, ext. I just have my A+ and MTA just landed a pretty good job doing printer repair making over $30k a year. I don't have a college degree and I'm not planing on getting one. I'd rather just get a fuck ton of certs and have the company I'm working for pay for all them then move on.
turkey vulture
1. learn CS on your own2. apply for jobs that accept CS or related degree3.???4. never push another equipment cart again
Or you could not be a faggot and they harderoh muh lyfe sucks uh I can't find a jobpoor ol meFucking little bitch your an adult act like it you fucking shit for brain cunt breathe fuck...
Apply for junior sys admin jobs m8. I don't get what the issue is here. Help desk is bottom of the barrel, but every employer in the IT field is going to want someones who's worked it for a year or two in those junior spots. You gotta job hop like crazy in IT to make real money.
How did you study for MTA?
basically ruins your career prospects in the WestDoesn't even make senseWell travelled and knows another language, fuck that guy!
IT thread bump
Living in a foreign country like that = no security clearance ever
over $30k a yeartop kek
Why do you need calculus for computer science?
You don't. Linear Algerbra is generally more useful, while Calculus would only be useful in very specific circumstances.
T-thanks Mozilla…
so the last good free software web browser is dead. I weep for the future.
What theme/style/whatever is that?Been dead for a while. They ran out of improvements they were willing to do, so they're just piling on shit features that would better belong in extensions.We're just waiting for a lightweight browser to support our extensions.
he doesn't know how to disable it/v/ is this way
Pocket is good thoughThis saves you time downloading it yourself
b-but i already have pocket...
SeaMonkey
fuck it /g/. we should fork firefox and make the /g/browser.
I'll design the logo.
I'll make the logo.
Stop acting like this isn't fucking shit. This is the path to toolbar hell and I'm not sticking around to watch it happen with one of the few great browsers.
What a completely original idea that no one else has ever had before ever in the history of ever.
Do we have a logo yet?
what about the logo?
I'll get on making the logo.
Well, we've got that covered. Now all we have to do is find someone on /g/ that can code....best of luck to you both.
I'm in. Let's make a logo first.
Any updates?
They added a feature to make the logo easier to see, but there is no logo yet.
I don't see the use. We already have bookmarks and tabs.
Book marks and tabs are local though, this sounds like syncmarks or something
localJesus fuck. Get that shit out of here. Why would I ever want to keep information on my hard drive? Are they insane?
so the last good free software web browser is dead.Dude, we survived Australis. Compared to that abomination this is literally nothing.Remove it from your toolbar and it's like it never existed.If you're worried about muh botnet you can disable it entirely in about:configbrowser.pocket.enabledI'm not saying I like Pocket or some other recent changes but Firefox is still the best browser because they let us fucking rid of it if we want.There are surely people who like this feature. There's just no pleasing everyone by default.
What is pocket anyways? What does it do?
What theme/style/whatever is that?That is the Developer Theme with some slight CSS tweaks on top.browser.devedition.theme.enabled;truedevtools.theme;light
because if your internet connection dies and you want to read a long article it's usefulremember, a huge part of the US still has dial up and even in big cities outages can occur when network congestion causes junction boxes/hubs to reset and reboot. It happens all the fucking time at around 5-7pm in my area especially on weekends and it makes the internet pretty much unusable during that time
I dont see the point since you know pocket was already available on  firefox
It allows you to save a web page for later, adapting the content in the process. It syncs through your devices and you don't need to have a data connection in order to read your saved articles.I use it and I like it, but it definitely shouldn't be on Firefox by default.
Why doesn't Mozilla just add shit like this as extensions?Sure they can be bundled and enabled by default, that's fine.But at least they'd be easy to disable, instead of having to dig through about:config.It seems to me that this would make everyone happy.
Release notes for Firefox 38.0.1every single new feature is a social media sharing "improvement"
Who else remembers the Mozilla browser as it was before Firefox, and how when Phoenix/Firebird/Firefox first came along it was meant to just be the browser, without all the bloated crap which all the browsers had then?It was such a breathe of fresh air back then but they've been going back to their bloated roots for a while now
quick logo sketch
Just download the Mozilla Suite.
the world's changed. If you want a lightweight browser go Chromium
I would if i could just disable that damn webrtc, in the end you just rather use even fucking chrome.
remember when everything wasnt roundI hate those round butons everywhere
Wow, I had no idea this existed.Could you post your tweaks?
seamonkey is like thathilarious
browser.pocket.enabled  falsebrowser.toolbarbuttons.introduced.pocket-button  falseShould be gone after restart. The about:config page looks nice, I don't remember it looking this nice, did it come with this .5 update?
JUST USE CHROMIUM YOU FUCKING AUTISTS
I don't want it again, I left it when Firefox came around, it just seems like Firefox is going back to it
You guys are retards. Mozilla has to make money somehow. And if you don't like it, it is extremely easy to disable.
This is sadly the truth now. Chromium is faster than Firefox.Also nice trips
muh extensions
you mean from here, right?
I broke a nailmight as well cut off my armNo thank you. This is a mild inconvenience at worst, and one that can be easily disabled at that.There's no reason to go full retard/botnet.
Pale Moon
chromiumtotally open sourcebotnetinb4 I'm just pretending to be retarded etc.
pale moon
I love how there's just a couple of cucks defending Mozilla but the majority has already given up on them.slow and laggy32bitAustralisWhy do you keep subjecting yourselves to this misery?
Look, all browsers have faults. IMO Chrome/Chromium has by far the most, but that's beside the point.The difference is that Firefox lets you fix/remove/add literally anything you want.Chrome/Chromium doesn't let you do shit. It's babby's first browser.
If you don't log in to your google account and disable automatic extension updates then there's no google botnet, you can wireshark it if you need proof.Still webrtc does leak your ip until chromium gets an update so you can disable it.
what do you use?
this even Icecat is better than Firefox now
slow and laggyNice meme, but no.32bitFirefox has been 64-bit for several years. inb4 WinplebsAustraliswhat are themes/css
Even without botnet, Chrome is still crippled.Firefox has endless possibilities.Shit, Chrome can't even into tree style tabs or even move the toolbar buttons around.No skinning/customization whatsoever and extensions are still a bit limited compared to Firefox extensions.
Most people do just fine without any tree style tabs or any customization at all. Though it is true that in the extension department they're lacking but they're catching up though, ublock and umatrix are an example of that.
Can you post your CSS tweaks?
implying idea has to be original to be goodjust look at apple
What ever happened to breach browser? is it dead? project hasn't been updated in months and their website is dead
It seems like a neat concept. But if they let the website go down, they must have moved on.
I'll make the IRC channels.
please respond
so the last good free software web browser is deadHave you never used Konqueror?It's got all of the features with only some of the bloat.It's a web-browser.File manager.CD Ripper.Device manager.Has an adblocker.Can work with both KHTML and Webkit.Built in noscript.Integrated into KDE.Can function in Midnight Commander mode.Does RSS.And so much more.
I can make a logo if you need.
same, way better than the bullshit bookmark system they have, don't care about it being an online feed
We don't need to fork it because a free fork already exists. It's called IceCat.
Have you never used Konqueror?It's got all of the features with only some of the bloat.It's a web-browser.bloatbloatbloatbloatbloatBuilt in noscript.bloatbloatbloatAnd so much more bloat.ftfy
where do i put devtools.theme;light
Tabs on bottom#TabsToolbar{-moz-box-ordinal-group:10000!important}Active tab colortab[selected="true"] {color: black !important;background-color: #a9a9a9 !important;box-shadow: none !important;}Active tab height fixtab {margin-bottom: 1px !important;}static forward-button#identity-box{padding:0 6px !important;}#forward-button{margin: 0px !important;}#urlbar,#urlbar-container[forwarddisabled]{margin-left: 7px !important;}
To be fair, Adblocking and KDE integration isn't bloat.
In about:config
Where's my bookmarks? u wot m8
class="quote"libre.jsapparently it makes sure to only execute free-as-in-freedom javascriptthank you based FSF
Here is the logo, now start coding.

Major parkinson coming throu
if something tries to get your ip    {activate botnet alarm and panic shutdown};done
Good. Are the irc channels set up now?
Im fucking dieing here.
The problem is there's just heaps and heaps of shit to remove now.It's like firefox needs to fork a version that has all this shit turned off and removed from the code entirely.Why is firefox shoving all this unwanted shit into their browser?
The problem is that forks have the same problem that Firefox does; they can't please everybody.If they remove 99 features, you can be damned sure there's a 100th that someone wants to see gone.And if/when they remove that, someone else just lost a feature critical to their workflow.IMHO the best option is still to just stick with Firefox and remove anything you don't like.
SeaMonkey and Pale Moon are the shangrilas of freedom
Remember when Firefox was not a bloated Pos? Installation files for this were 5MB

30 MB
I don't want the Netscape/mozilla UI, I want something that looks like this:
Download a theme.

That's not firefox 2, thats firefox 3Also does not remove bloat like the mail client or chatzilla
firefox comes with bloat like pockets and webrtcthis is perfectly acceptable
It's not.
this is perfectly acceptableI don't think anyone ever implied this.But ridding of one bloated thing in exchange for another is utterly pointless.
Why the fuck is the SeaMonkey toolbar like one million pixels high?I'd rather have Pocket and sponsored tiles than that jesus christ.For a browser that's touted as being bloat-free, it sure wastes a lot of space for nothing.
Yeah but it's got a terrible logo.Let's fork it and change the logo.
Let's fork it and change the logo.Instead of Ice it could be Fire.And instead of a cat it could be another animal, like a fox.Pretty sure this hasn't been done before. :^
But I love the kitty. The kitty is a qt. :
Thanks mane.No more shitty copycat themes for me.
neversignup.
No problem. Be prepared to fuck around with all the "px" values and stuff though.It's a bit trial-and-error to get alignment and stuff just right. Your mileage may vary.
I believe you can theme it however you want anon the icecat logo is god tier qt
href="#p48292974" class="quotelink"You can remove chatzilla and DOM Inspector, which come bundled. Anyway, Seamonkey with all what it brings, is lighter in resources than FF
I know it can be tweaked however you want, but so can Firefox…There's literally no reason to use this over Firefox if you're going to have to fuck around to make it useable anyway.
FirefoxBut you have to fuck around with this to make it usable too
WaterCamel
Yes, that's my point…
Perfect. We should make a new thread with this logo
Wow a button that does shit. No one would EVER expect this to happen. Good thing I'm SO worried about it.
PALE MOON MASTERRACE
Will Mozilla ever stop adding worthless bloat?
I've been using pocket for years, since the days it was called read it later.I even got a premium account.I still think that forced integration is retarded.
Good bye.
what's wrong with pale moon?
Windows 7Nice, a deprecated browser to go along with your deprecated operating system
how the fuck did somebody manage that?am I looking at high-Newton stupidity or QUALITY here?
pale moon is made by a furfag and the team make their own code that isn't as checked as heavily as firefox is so you can have vulnerabilities that won't get noticed. plus it's behind firefox.
I would assume the pocket service uses less memory than the add-on right? I should use the new  built in one instead?
Servo soon
plus it's behind firefox.bit of an understatement, last I checked it was based on Firefox 24 ESR
You guys are faggots and Pocket is godly with my Kobo H2O.
Just tell me what's good to use that isn't Firefox.
tfw Firefox lags like crazytfw use Chromelag is gonethe interface sucks balls and there's this huge lack of add-onsSeriously why cant we have a Firefox like browser with the snappiness of Chrome?
chromium is the only free alternative I can think up.
IcecatLuakitMidoriSeaMonkey
Just tell me what's good to use that isn't Firefox.There are none.
SeaMonkey and Pale Moon
but then the adoption rate would be lower - just like with that win10 tray thing - if it had a remove context button less people would go through the wizardthey always build a flow in such a way to optimize the outcome in their favour
how do you go about editing the developer UI? if i load up chrome://...browser.xul, it shows me the regular firefox skin.i'm aiming to make the developer skin transparent if possible.
to autistic to even consider making australis at least optionalcalls it "unacceptable" without giving any reasondropped
Servo is coming in two-thousand-twenty-never
Two wordsFirefox ESR
instead of getting bloat features one at a time, I prefer to get them all at once
AustralisAustralisFuck Australis and fuck Pocket! Thanks to this bullshit i have moved to Vivaldi browser.If Mozilla is so keen on cloning the Chrome UI and adding proprietary garbage and DRM, well at that point i can also move to a proprietary browser where the Devs at least listen to my wishes!Fuck off Mozilla assholes!
Vivaldiclosed sourcenamed after an ItalianEvery browser is shit but Vivaldi isn't the answer.
Still a better browser than Firefox these days. At least these guys to not want to create dumb products for dumb people!Firefox is dead. And the Mozilla spirit is dead So fuck these guys!
Mozilla spiritget out
So, how is this different from book marks?
Are you kidding me? It has the best logo I've seen on a browser, besides Firebird maybe
Well, they had one - until they decided to go to bed with Google. Greed corrupts the character.So again fuck Mozilla, fuck Firefox and fuck you Mozilla shills!
Vivaldi is another shitkit skin, how is it not open sores?
fuck you Mozilla shillsi think YOU are the shill. get out.
Let us fork Firefox and make Godzilla IcyFpx of Freedom
Open Source is overrated. Look at Mozilla, they are open source and are worse as garbage.It is not the business model which is bad it is the attitude of the developers. And if i compare the one's from Vivaldi and Mozilla i am happy that there are people around who implement what the user wants.Mozilla does not!
FreeFox?
Chromium open-source or Qupzilla freeMidori is unstable shit in my experience
Not forking chromium
but then the adoption rate would be lowerProbably not by much. It would still be bundled+enabled by default so plebs would get it.People who would disable it are probably the same ones who already are through about:configIt would just be more convenient for them.
open sores is not a business model, it's a development model you underage fuck
Chrome isn't open source, either. Only Chromium is. The licences that Blink and WebKit use don't force any products built atop of them to be FOSS.
idiot.. There is proprietary stuff and Open Source. It is also a business model.You ignorant pile of garbage! Better think before you talk or someone shits in your mouth one day, cocksucker!
no, it's not a business model, and saying it is followed with a middle school tier insult doesn't make it so
Open source is not a business model as open source has no say in how you make your profit, it only has a say in how to conduct your software development.
open source has no say in how you make your profitit hasyou make no profits


mfw using chromemfw know how to build a group policy so third party addon block doesnt bother medont give a shit about any of this
So you're killing yourself?
yes theoretically it is possible if you have something else to sell like support or hardwarebut if you are just making software, be prepared for no profits
Mozilla sells T-Shirts
I miss those days when Firefox seemed like the simple and light alternative. Now everything is equally bloated.
being a walking advertisementThis is exactly what /g/ doesn't want.
More stupid bullshit to turn off. They just added that messenger thing not too long ago as well. I have no idea what they're doing but I hope they don't fuck things up in the long run like they have been recently. This feels like having toolbars installed on update without your permission yet somehow it's seen as totally okay if you an "uninstall" them. That UI change was pretty bad too but at least the community came to fix it with CTR. I have no idea why they thought bloat looked better.I hate to say it, but this might be the end of the line for Firefox. The beginning of the end. Its market share has kept going down and it's hard to say they've gone forwards to try to counteract it. But somehow, it's still a bit better than Chrome and not an overall terrible product. Most products don't stay this good for this long.
I don't know about you but I've made my fortune by selling the free software that I've written. Support for my software is an extra service that demands an extra charge.
Mozilla UI update is bloatmuh buzzwords
being this retardedI meant bloated UI. It's like you see a word and stop thinking because the word upsets you. The surface area taken up by the UI was unnecessarily large. That's literally what bloated means.

Next update theyre gonna change their logo to something like this.
We're just talking about different UIs. Misunderstanding.But at the same time, that one has no menu bar while the old theme/CTR has it in line with the tabs via the Firefox button, making it roughly the same size or slightly slimmer while containing more in an unobtrusive manner.
It not, it just a step up from regular bookmarks and caches the pages offline.
proprietary software comes to firefoxt-thanks!
ive got some ideas for the logo. message me on the irc when you get it set up and we'll talk
some guy made a thread asking for help after using retard strength on his gpu
I actually use pocketFuck off you cucks
Software services are a different problem to proprietary software.
Firefox is becoming queen of inane defaults. I've noticed it long ago, especially when they changed the default response to crashes:It used to just show a page with a list of your tabs you had open. You could select which ones you want.Then they changed it so that after every crash, it just reopens everything. It does this 3 times and then you get the window.Now you never get the window. You have to go into about:config. I've done it enough times that I remember it, but that isn't exactly easy to find for something that seems like it would be a perfectly appropriate option in Preferences. I don't like counter-intuitiveness but I guess people don't think convenience is necessary.Now they're just adding more and more things whether you use them or not. No wonder Firefox is so bloated today. Yeah, it's MY two addons. Yeah, it's because I have an i3, I now need an i7 to have 7 tabs open. No, it's Firefox and their negligence.
eah, it's because I have an i3, I now need an i7 to have 7 tabs open. No, it's Firefox and their negligence.What you actually need is faster and better memory rather than whatever piece of shit you currently have. And a faster hard drive since Firefox stores the other tabs you don't frequently use in cache.
Top post. I love you firefox but we gotta put you down now.
What's next, integrating office suite into Firefox?
I'm only using it because it does color management better than Chrome
Remember when uTorrent was this?Everything is getting bloated for no good reason. I get it, I have a terabyte and 16 gigs of RAM, it doesn't mean they should start stuffing programs with shit and being negligent on memory optimization.
userbase dwindlingtry to retain/attract more customers by introducing features that only manage to alienate core userbaseThe history of Mozilla
Where is everyone moving to? Fucking Chrome?
Of course. Also since microsoft got their shit together a lot of normies are more than satisfied with IE11 and soon EdgeIt's only us that end up locked in this browser that mozilla keeps shitting up
And Safari of course.Not to mention a growing amount of people only browse internet on their mobile devices, where Chrome and webkit-derived browsers dominate
Can somebody explain me how this differs from actually saving/downloading an article/video for viewing later or anytime?
I just switched to chrome on mobile after using Firefox for a decade+. Targeted ads were the last straw. I'm experimenting with chromium on the desktop but its still WIP switching
it's stored  I N  D A  C L O U D
Essentially all that's needed is NoScript for Chrome/Webkit uBlock/uMatrix is not NoScript.With NoScript the developers of the other addons would switch too and would provide a chromium version.I don't care, I prefer having a slower browser to a browser that cannot into blocking googles and everyone elses botnet.
Essentially all that's needed is NoScript for Chrome/Webkit uBlock/uMatrix is not NoScript.Why? If it's about inline scripts I believe uMatrix can block it nowadays
I don't believe you and expect you to be a liar, but I will try it out again soon.Interestingly FF has a lower RAM footprint on my machine than chrome with many tabs open, since there is uBlock, so there also that to consider for me.
I don't believe you and expect you to be a liar, but I will try it out again soon.I don't know either, as I never worried about it. My real worry is 3rd party requestsEither I wouldn't switch to chrome if I were you
Firefag here. Chrome is more responsive even if it uses more RAM. It renders instantly, it opens instantly, it closes like a normal program and not like Firefox and its memory leaks. I've been using Chrome at work for a few weeks now and I started at home too. I don't thinnk I'll come back to Firefox despite the lack of add-ons for Chrome.
I remember Chrome had something with a pyramid, I looked it up and it's called NotScript. Is that not good or is it just lacking compared to the protection offered by NoScript?
What material is that made of, anon?
implying you can just deactivate Libre.js and install NoScript instead
Good for you, but I'd recommend Chromium instead of Chrome. It's the same minus the Google botnetting. Opera was an alternative too, but they fucked up the mouse gestures less gestures now than in FF with FireGestures, it's funny because opera had mouse gestures first, so it's for no use for me anymore.Before I used NoScript I was using chrome with NotScripts, but it had flaws, e.g. you couldn't block inline scripts. Also the whitelist was a pain in the ass to maintain, NoScript is far easier to use and more feature complete.
You can never make Firefox usable now, though.Yeah the default configuration is quite wasteful of screen space, but then again it's helpful to those with shit eyesight. Turn on small icons, turn off button text, perhaps turn off the bookmark bar.
I'll work on the lo/g/o guys
When will they implement hot pockets?
 he fell for the i7 meme
yes because this worked so well with every other /g/ project ever
I think a /g/ browser would be more useful than some of the other crap /g/ has come together with. It's something that could benefit more than just a tiny niche, even if it is just a community browser. Maybe it could flower into something beautifulAlso 99% of these captchas relating to street signs never work.
people said the same thing about tox and how many outside of /g/ use it?
Now just to replace the icons with ones that don't look like shit.
TIME FOR PALEMOON
I just installed Chrome, no bloat, no crashes, no freezes, just werks.All the add-ons I need are also in Chrome.Why haven't you switched, /g/? Firefox is ded.
did they fucked up image rendering?its laggy as fuck after the update
I too have been noticing some lag with images.
Considering there are not only a multitude of new Firefoxes but also 2 ESRs, it's behind.
, 
Okay, what the fuck is Google Now actually useful for? All it seems to do in those promo videos is track your packages and flights, and I don't do either of those. Is it of any use if you're a NEET who goes outside once a week? I cannot come up with any situation where it would actually be genuinely useful, and not just a stupid gimmick that it is. Maybe if you have no hands and want to find of what the height of the Eiffel tower is, or one of the many other things it's used for. And more importantly, is it worth having all your data and thought-patterns leaked into TEH CLOUD? I mean, it's worse than just your search results, it actually tries to predict what you are going to search for before you do it, that's the whole point of Google Now cards, isn't it?
I used to use it to do things likeHey nigger, set a 9 minute timerit's a lot easier to dictate certain command then it is to open applications menuopen clock appselect timer apphit new timer buttontype in the digits for the length of time I want to start the timestart the timer by pressing the start buttonYou can also do things likeHey nigger, call Pizza HutorHey nigger, is it cold outside?but at the end of the day, it's really not that useful.
it's useful if you're not a neet. "hey google take me to pizza hut""hey google text maiwaifu fuck you" etc
Maybe if you have no hands and want to find of what the height of the Eiffel tower is, or one of the many other things it's used for. Wait, can you not actually type commands and queries into it?
Yeah, but how would you do that, if you had no hands?
You can type it if you want, but its more convenient if you say commands, mostly for commands like map or calling. For example I say "hey google, take me home" and it opens the map app and starts navigation and "takes" me home. Or I can say call mom and it auto calls my mom.
Given time, Google now is awesome.I have an LG Smart TV, and Google now detected it on my network and offered to let me control it from the phone.It also started showing new news items from my RSS feed.  On top of that, it picks up stuff from sites that aren't news sites.Pictures incoming.

buy autovoice and tasker goyim ;
This. It Also adds relevant sections for things you've searched for like if I search for a movie it suggests me some I might like and their rating, also gives me weather updates and popular posts from websites I visit.

and it's miraculously never given me stuff related to the fucked up sites I visit.  i think they filter those from your stuff.
Mine selects news on Raspberry Pi and Moto X based on my searches go things pertaining to them. It's pretty neat.
They probably have a SFW filter since I do have a few NSFW sites bookmarked and in my search history.
I find it really useful actually. It keeps track of stuff I buy for me and gives me tracking info, shows me news articles on stuff I've searched for recently or things it knows I'm interested in, ie. it shows me when a new hiphop album drops. I use its reminder feature often.
I just have it enabled for swipe left weather and toilet reading material based off of my search history.That last part can get annoying.
it actually tries to predict what you are going to search for before you do itWell yeah, that's useful.
Right now I have FIOS but I'll be moving to a new address that has access ONLY to Comcast FUCK!I checked my options on their website and here's the kicker:105Mbps is ~80$105Mbps + a few cable channels is ~55$ you have to sign up for some premium channels but the total is still under 80I rarely watch TV I have a simple antenna for the local stations. Will I be able to convince them to give me just the internet for 55?Anyone has any experience negotiating with them? Any advice?
Great timing,  I bought my own cable modem and TV anntena today and will be walking in with cable boxes and an attitude tomorrow.   Any advice on OP's exact question is appreciated.
bump
Comcastclass="quote"Performance Not Blast!®Not HBO 
there's a difference between the "regular" offers and the ones I get for a specific address
Then ask the 'regular' price after the promo 'ends'
finally passed 100% seed ratio on my Trisquel 7 torrent
you are good people
torrenting linuxWhy? It's legal to download
Torrent isn't only for pirated files you huge retard
You dense goy
Torrents are only used for illegal downloadsGet a load of this normalfag
fucking dumbass
I remember a thread with this exact pic of an anon who bought a thinkpad with Trisquel.Using Trsquel now, I don't really like it too much, but it's what works the best for me now on this shitty Toshiba Satellite.All torrenting is piracyYou realize that some distro sites provide torrents to save on normal downloading bandwidth right?
This fuckin guy
I love Trisquel, it just werks and gives me 100% freedom apart from the BIOS, which is the biggest problem I have with this laptop, but that's hardly Trisquel's fault and a user experience that's comfortable and familiar for me as an ex Windows user.
checked
mfw Trisquel is literally not recommended by Prism-break because it's based on UbuntuTrisquel confirmed for literally non-free.
using a fucking shitty method of downloading that is slower than directly downloading from a good mirror which there are lots in pretty much every situationfucking dumbass
B-but it's one of the few distros recommended by the GNU project!
I do like that all my hardware was supported OOTB, except for the proprietary BIOS and all.I just don't like using the retarded package manager and some of the packages are out of date.Tried Parabola but that didn't work either.  I'm honestly gonna look for a thinkpad to flash libreboot onto later and run debian or gentoo.But I'm glad you're happy with the OS you're using anon.  Keep it up!
0/10 bait
And Parabola is literally endorsed by the FSF.Confirmed for having a shit ISP or using torrents with one seeder.
also it was a thinkpenguin not a thinkpad
Fuckers over at /vg/ told me to come here. I want to run this game on 60 fps even in the most cluttered of areas. My friends are also bugging me about Star Citizen.How shit is my build?my budget is $1.2k.
the FAQ or post in the /v/ PC build thread. If one doesn't exist, make one, faggot.
, 
I was interested in getting a Raspberry Pi but then I saw someone mention a Banana Pi in another thread and started looking into that. Which one should I get?
Depends on the price. The Banana Pi Model 2 has more or less the same specs as the latest Raspberry Pi.
Though it has SATA and gigabit ethernet, making it great as a small NAS.
Yeah, there's probably more thing you can do with a Banana Pi. However from what I've seen a model 2 is double the price.
M1 works just fine at the price.And with the double micro USB ports you dont have to deal with dumb shit the raspi does, better Ethernet, SATA support also SATA port can double as a power source GPIO protection circuits, build in IR sensor 1gb ram I mean cmon...Raspi be slacking to shit compared to bpi at same price. Pic related, thanks to extra micro usb port I can easily* power a high powered USB wireless adapter.BUT THE FUCKING FORUMS SUCK THE FREAKING CHINKS AND CHINA NIGGERS.
woops wrong pic
Dragondildo Pi Exzteme is the best board IMHO
How do you power a SATA drive? It only has the data connector
are you blind?
fed up with captchabuy a 4chan passget banned
Good, Summerfags get out.
all posts on  /g/ are shit postsmake /spg/ Shit Post General threadgets banned for 24 hours
Why is my PC gradually getting worse /g/? Out of nowhere games I could previously run at 60+fps solid are now dropping to 30 and below. I'm scared.
Botnet is downloading all your porn.
Have you installed new drivers without performing a clean install? What about dust build-up?
I noticed that with my laptop, I've asked friends and some have said to defrag your hard drive C:
Windows requires a complete re installation every ~2 months to function properly
how often do you change your oil?
Are you retarded or trolling
I'd not say dust build up is a problem considering I built this about 2 weeks ago.
Have you tried turning it off and turning it on again?
Because desktop computers are becoming more rare.  There is less attention being paid to desktop PC's because the market is shifting towards tablets.  People straight don't give a fuck about real computers any more, they just want to hold a touchscreen monitor in their hands and take photos with it.  Because of the trend towards tablets PC ram, processors, boards and video cards are becoming more expensive because there is less demand for them.  Stupid shits think facebook is the internet and instagram is the only way to take a photo using their "state of the art technology"fuck man Im typing this on a laptop, i don;t have a PC myself - cant afford it.PC's aren't for "today" anymore so thats why they are slowly getting worse.
What would one do to check if their computer is affected by da spoopy botnet, and how would they stop that shit?
instil gentoo
don't mind me just being a new fag
Funny.
Not sure if trolling... or just stupid?You know, I can build the laptop you have equivalent performance in a desktop for half the cost more than likely.I don't think you understand how things like that go...

it's the jews. when you bought the computer, the little jews inside the cpu were satisfied because they were paid recently. but as time goes on, they start getting angry at the lack of dineros being thrown their way so they work less efficientlyhow to fix:1. buy more parts to add some little jews to your cpu populationor 2. buy amd, powered by little anime girls and then cum periodically on your cpu to please them
AMD processors slow down with wear because they are cheap.
what is ccleanerit could be dirt too
Because Microsoft ShitwareOS.
Report for underage/ban evasion.
use windowsit mysteriously starts running like shit after putting programs on itHow new are you?
Anime girls you say? Sold.
how should I go about learning professional level c#? buy a book? do something online? I don't know where to begin.
Look for ASP.NET books
a new MPC HC version has released!
not using mpv
utterly fucks up BD
why do all anime fags have super huge sized images and videos of their Chinese cartoons?they look like they can be easily compressed even losslessly
using meme player V
isac is cute
but why is the image size 1.8 megabytes?
It crashed for me and automatically sent a bug report and opened up said bug report in my browser.At least before it had the decency to ask, but now there's no way to prevent it from doing that apart from manually removing the crash reporter program.
cause shes cute
getting assblasted about image size on an imageboard
There you go. Now your dial-up can download in a matter of minutes!
isac is a boy or he wouldn't play boy games like the new battlefield
ur waifu a shit
Not my waifu bitch.
how about 3,96MB of screenshot?
isac I want to fuck you hardI save every school days image I see you posting.You need to get more though, it gets repetitive seeing the same ones all over.
there you go
honestly that looks fucking terrible
Jesus can you avatar fag any harder?
sourceforge
inline filters happened
implying I have the md5 of all your shitty waifu images saved.fucking cucklord
implyingfrom now on, i will change MD5 checkums
While this thread is here I have a quick question. Is there any way I can make it so when I watch things in fast forward, the pitch isn't modified?
I think ReClock might help
posting worst girlAren't you not allowed to go on the internet Thad?
What the fuck is causing my android system to be draining so much? Recently updated to lollipop, note 4.
Bump, please advise
You know the fucking drill by now, faggot.Turn off sync.Turn off GPS.Turn off Location Reporting.Turn off Bluetooth.Go into each app and turn off notifications.Uninstall the apps you never use.Turn down brightness.Go into airplane mode instead of silent mode.Download Greenify.
What the fuck is causing my android system to be draining so much?Recently updated to lollipopNigga you just answered your own question.
thislollipop itself is fine, but something in the upgrade process in particular makes some software go berserk and literally never sleep again. reinstall.
So literally turn your smartphone into a flip phone. This is why I'm losing patience with Android, they cannot get their shit together and run an os without crippling battery life.
Being integrates into multiple botnets is just going to use a lot of power and data to send all that information about you over the network
disable Google Backup Transport
I very you've got all sorts of apps and services runningdicking uninstall all that shityou don't need 5 different messengers and 3 social networks on  your fucking phone
wait what?
That depends on who builds the rom, not Android itself
Just flash the stock firmware through a Windows machine.
what do you mean about the upgrade process preventing apps from going to sleep?
It's LAGdroid lol. No battery, no apps, uncool.
For me it was a dying battery.  I noticed a few weeks ago that I couldn't last a full day on a single charge anymore.  Then a few days ago my phone died and I couldn't charge it.  Still waiting on the replacement battery.
If you were running Cyanogen, you could PrivacyGuard the FUCK out of Google Play and block fucking everything. Did it on a Galaxy S3 and pretty much doubled my battery life because Cyan tells it to fuck off from using GPS, wake up permission, keep awake permission, everything.
most of the well-reported "lollipop upgrade killed my battery" problems i saw when mine did it involved timed functions getting terminally confused. mine was k-9 mail continually checking for mail every 3 seconds whenever any kind of automatic check was turned on, and the other well-documented reports were things like system processes that should have been sporadic instead being on top of top forever.for me, a backup, wipe, flash to the same new version, restore ended up improving my battery life relative to kitkat.
My lollipop lasts me awhile and I play games on the Hus a lot. That said I'm always charbed
get a larger battery?
I don't know. I don't have this problem.
What's that do?
Syncs your Play Store to Google's cloud so that you can reinstall all your apps whenever you factory reset or flash a new ROM.If you go to Settings  Backup and Reset and untick all the boxes it's the same thing.
you forgot the last step, throw your shitty android phone into the garbage because google's open sores code still has random wakelocks and battery drain even after following this phone crippling how-to
it's actually some sort of feature they're pushingit's supposed to make your apps smoother and faster, so they never truly quit, even if you close them in the multitasking menu or RESTART YOUR WHOLE PHONE. iOS has been doing it for a while too.currently have a problem with snapchat where I can't open one particular snap my friend sent me. she's sent me new ones and I've been able to open those, but this one particular one just says loading and then stops. restarting the app on KitKat would fix that issue. On Lollipop? Fuck no. Step backwards. I don't mind waiting a few seconds for the app to open if that means it will fucking work.
it could be related to that feature, i guess, but it's not inseperably tied to it. i'm enjoying being able to pause rather than quit/autofail shitty f2p games by alt-tabbing out, and my battery life's been improved over 4.4 since i wiped and reinstalled; this is actual functions that are supposed to be on a timer triggering at every opportunity rather than process tree-level stuff not getting shut down.
See I never used 4.4 extensively, I updated from 4.2.2 the day I dropped and broke my G2, and because it wasn't insured I had to use an old iPhone for a while before buying my Nexus. But I'm not too happy with my Nexus's battery life. Lasts longer than my G2 or iPhone did, with more screen on time and music streaming, but it's still a little less than they advertised.Don't get me wrong, I'm very happy with the phone, but this new feature seems to fuck with Snapchat and Spotify. The N6 lockscreen gets filled with the album art of what you're listening to, and I can completely close Spotify but if I get a notification about an update to a followed playlist or something then it changes my wallpaper to the album art again until I dismiss the notification.
Lollipop, note 4.  No problem here.
just turn on stamina mode or whatever yours has
big gapswtf manAre you actually turning the phone on and off that much during the course of a charge?What are you, fucking stupid or something?
have Z3Live in USAStill don't have Lollipop update available to meWhy the shit do I have this problem?
SonyU.S. carrierFound your problem
SonyFixed that for ya.
If you are going to do all those things with your phone then you might as well turn it off and throw it in the trash while you are at it.
, 
Why is Grace Hopper influential to you?
Who is this cum chum?
"It's better to beg forgiveness than ask permission"words to live by.
one time she gave ME a pearl necklace
Because she is the sexiest GMILF on the planet.
Because I'm a grill and need decent female role models that aren't Katy Perry or almost every other female celebrity.
I fucking LOVE grace hopper.
Who is this semen demon?
POST TITS
Because of the nano-second loop of wire she used to keep in her briefcase.
Here anon, this one's for you;^
i'm a grillno you're not, tranny
feminism ITT
MULTIPLY B BY B GIVING B-SQUARED.MULTIPLY 4 BY A GIVING FOUR-A.              MULTIPLY FOUR-A BY C GIVING FOUR-A-C. SUBTRACT FOUR-A-C FROM B-SQUARED GIVING D. COMPUTE ROOT-D = D ** 0.5.SUBTRACT B FROM ROOT-D GIVING NUMERATOR.MULTIPLY 2 BY A GIVING TWO-A.               DIVIDE NUMERATOR BY TWO-A GIVING X. tfw you will never use a language with syntax so easy to read
I was on the ship named after her in Navy Boot Camp.
tfw no /g/f
How is it being stationed in a ship
Because she could snatch moths from the air with her tongue, if the legends are true.
Amazing,  because the hot rack i would slip into at the day's end would still have a semen-filled sock from some random sailor in it.   Or should I say,  random SEAMAN.
Hi /g/I'd like to know your opinion on by new build. About 800$ tops.unrelated
/g/sqt
Spend less on the motherboard and more on the CPU
I don't want to take this laptop top class in the fall.  I think I should sell it, but I only got it a year ago for about 1500, good condition, still a year of warranty on it. Going to build a desktop anyway, and I can't use this thing in front of people. Why did I get a gaming one? "gaming" laptop hate thread
As long as it's not too flashy, you'll be the envy of your CAD class this fall.
why?
Don't want to burn any bridges with the ladies. Gotta look normie
that's the least of your problems
Get yourself a ThinkPad, friend.
Just turn the keyboard lights off or set them to white. No normal person cares what computer you have.
You're right. I'm already drownin' in pussy.
TFW the touchpad works like silk on Ubuntu, yet on my Windows partition it's total crap, the stutter, the bad overall gesture recognition and the lag.
touchpads hurt to use
red pill me on Sea Sonic PSU bronze + seriesthe ES and ET varients, what exactly is the difference?whats the "latest" version, the fucking seasonic website itself is so damn hard to navigate they got 2-3 different lists
want to order pizza onlineorder website requires nonfree JavaScripttfw the botnet wants me to starve
using 4chan magik so you die
look mom I posted it again...nice trips
Not making your own pizza.You deserve to die
Where do I get open source ingredients?
You compile your own.
I'd just like to interject for a moment. I'd like to, but their system thinks my post is spam.
JavaScriptWho even cares? At least it doesn't make you install Silverlight.
Can't make a phone callEven RMS approves of telephone calls
Why don't they ban you already, faggot.
bullying someone who just wants to order a pizza in freedom
want to talk to someonehe's using nonfree DNA
, 
inb4 install Arch In the coming years, I think after Microsoft stops selling Windows because they realized what htey have done is completely wrong. I think many companies will move over to Linux stuff like Ubuntu & Mint. For good reasons too. Ubuntu has Wine which can easily be installed also getting software is pretty simple. It still has the good rhyme that Windows has been pulling for a price for along time. Ubuntu and Linux may even teach people about thier computers maybe people would eventually upgrade their rigs to Arch and even Gentoo.Post your opinion on Linux predecceding Windows in the coming years.
2016 is the foretold Year of the Linux Desktop. I have a flash drive prepped to install Linux Mint on many computers when come the forced updates to Windows 10.
There would not be a year of the Linux desktop, but desktops are dying, so it doesn't really matter.
ThisAlso wine is a useless piece of shit. Why do you want to run native executables compiled for Windows when even the stupid vidya are already native on Linux?
There will never be a "year of the linux desktop"Never.
