, 
Previous thread: Read the wiki first: If you can't be bothered to:search itlurk moargit gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/stupid questions here, ONCEYou are NOT entitled to an answer, don't bump.Please redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread using /g/sqtProtip: If you can't tell if your question deserves its own thread, its very likely it doesn't. Post it here, we'll let you know.
anyone know the run/cmd shortcut in windows for Computer Management this screen?
Win-r "compmgmt.msc" Return
love ya
without the quotes, if you need telling
What are good resources about transistors ? How they work, how they're made, and mostly how do engineers try to make them ever smaller. Any kind of reference is welcome, but I need some serious stuff heavy on the scientific aspect of these things. Where should I lurk ?
I just pulled a CD and a CD/DVD drive from an ancient box.  I neglected to power on first, so have no idea if there's anything inside.Is there a trick to tell if something is inside, or do I really need to take it apart?ありがとう
Trying to make a bootable cd iso from a usbThe files on the usb are payload.exe and autoexec.bat. Do I just drop both of those into power iso and click make bootable  ?
there should be a little hole you can push a pencil or a paperclip in to eject it.
site.
0. see that little pinhole in the front bezel of the drive?1. unfold a big paperclip2. poke it in that hole2a. poke it in there harder2b. but not t-too hard, onee-chan, you don't want it to slip off the cog and scratch the disc if there is one2c. wiggle it, just a little bit2d. now give it a good solid shove3. the disc tray will pop out a little bit4. dig your fingernails into the seam between tray and bezel and pull the tray open5. if there's a disc, remove it6. if there isn't, don't7. push the tray back shut
thanks a lot mate
Bless you, sir.  I completely forgot about that.
do you know what a semiconductor is? ever head of n-type or p-type doping and p-n junctions?
google some electronics engineering e-books. they thoroughly explain transistors. I remember one book made by someone named Gibilisco.
n-type or p-type doping
Also any ham radio related site will have geek-level information on transistors, torroids, solder types and methods. . .just about anything you can think of.  But this is a good starting site.Thank you.  As I told the other anon I completely forgot about this, probably as a result of a bad experience with an iMac don't ask wherein the damned thing wouldn't eject no matter what I did.  I ended up having to take the damned thing apart.I used my favorite crappy lock lockpicking paperclip and it popped right out.  Empty, as I suspected, but wanted to be sure.Maybe someone will make use of these drives, but I kind of doubt it.  To the recycling they go.
Yes to both your questions, in fact I'm working on a big oral entrance exam for next year and it's about reducing the size of transistors so I'm just digging some infos, I have until april 2016 to finish it.
big oral entrance exam
Basically, I want to make a cd that boots and runs payload.exe, a dos program.
Oh, you!  Be nice to the grad student.
but why? i thought grad students existed only to suffer, i can only assume either masochism or horrific karma debt or i guess maybe both but does it even count toward karma debt if a masochist suffers?
My thread went straight to the archive:we have some sort of auto-ban system or or the mod particularly grumpy this time of day
wat?
freakin 4chan xit auto-refreshed to the archive.Good thing I put this in the stupid thread.
I picked up an old optiplex for cheap. what's the best graphics card I can expect to run before it's bottlenecked by a q9650?
free screen recording software for mac that doesnt have watermark?
isn't that no longer supported?gf4 ti4200
This only applies to the liberal arts.  STEM are excluded, particularly straight-up electrical engineering or could be physics students.
ccd0 is alive and well
Planning on water cooling my guts and I want solid acrylic pipes. Are they reasonably easy to work with? This will be my first water cooling experience.
R9-265.
STEM are excludedyeah, my experience in bioinformatics strongly suggests otherwisethose were some miserable fuckin' grad students, i mean, even my med school buddies pitied them and that's saying a hell of a lot
Watercooling is never easy to work with
Logical Increments puts you at a R7 260X or slightly better
True that. But are bendy tubes easier than acrylic tubes?
Not necessarily in my own experience. both are about the same difficulty
Do you need a bending kit for acrylic?
Not if you buy the tubes pre shapedI guess it would also depend on your setup
If I want to upgrade from 970, is it better to get another 970 and SLI or get the 980ti?
my second hdd shuts off if i start writing something on itis it kill? what can i do? when i restart my pc its on again
Why should I upgrade to windows 10? I like windows 7.
neither, it's all just a series of tubessounds pretty kill to meyou shouldn't then
A 980ti will be a small upgrade opposed to your current 970. Get another 970 and SLI them. It will                           be worth it. I have two 780tis instead of buying a 980, and I love SLI. It's really come a long ways when it comes to gaming
try another SATA cable and power cableDon't, get Win8.1.
I currently have a Zotac 4GB model, so I only need to check if the new one has 4GB right? It doesn't have to be a Zotac?
It can be any 970 you want. If you have a 4GB card currently, anohter 2GB card will mean you have a max total of 2GB of vram. Get a 4GB model
Am I also going to have to upgrade my PSU to handle another card? Currently its 550W.
Assuming you have a modern build and invested in a decent 550w PSU, you can get away with it
I remember reading an article before windows 8 came out that said windows 8 will scan images on your computer to check for known CP md5s and phone homeIs that true?
I'm thinking of upgrading from this to a 27 inch 2560 x 1440 monitor and a GTX 970. Is that a good idea or should I wait some more 4k maybe?Also, does it matter which GTX 970 I get? There's a bunch of different EVGA ones and I'm not sure if they make a difference.Thanks~
It was for Skydrive. Doubt it for Windows 8
Get a Gigabyte 970this guy Also get a 1440p monitor. I have had both 4k and 1440p, driving a 1440p monitor is not so bad with at least a 980, driving 4k is difficult even with my two 780tis
Just get a 290x and have a look at the korean 1440p IPS monitors
Tried it, didn't work. I'm giving up, thanks for trying to help.
Is there any legit free driver updating utility for windows?
why do you constantly need to update your driver?does the device grow more features?
What is the best way to stream my Android Cyanogen Mod 12 to my Linux Mint laptopap?
How do I get rid of this useless bit in Chromium? The part above the tabsI read some anons post about an extension for this, but I can't remember the name and can't find it.
Some of my shit updates on it's own and some does not. And something, probably wifi adapter is causing me to bsod like a bitch. So i want to update it fast and quiet.captcha:hamburger
forgot the file
Yeah that makes more sense
So I'm about to get my first smartphone ever and I was wondering what is considered decent these days?I'm thinking about:- LG G3 s with Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 8926 1,20 GHz 4 cores and GPU Adreno 305- Sony Xperia Z1 C6906 with Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 8974AA 2,20 GHz 4 cores and GPU Adreno 330 @450 MHz I'm not going to play any games. Just browsing web, shitposting on 4chan and watching the 4cc on twitch. Will the LG G3 s be enough for that? Xperia costs 120$ more, not sure if it's worth it, especially since you don't have access to the battery.
Bestest tool for a defragging?
Install Gentoo
Look for UltimateDefrag freeware edition
Is 3.5 mil thick copper tape enough to form an effective Faraday cage?
Can someone post that image with the PSU tiers? Thanks
What are you building a Faraday cage for? kek
no such thingthere are decent ones and shit chinese bootleg ones
Never built a pc , don't know what I'm doing, all my parts arrives today, got YouTube and you guys to help me, let's build...Please help , this what I've got to work with 
I'm using noscript but want to whitelist shit per-site rather than globally. Is there a way to make noscript do this, or is there another plugin that does this in a similar way?
That painting is beautiful
To protect different sensitive electronics from the EMI emanating from my plasma TV. kek
z97 for non k processorASS motherboard
What mobo would you recommend I could go back to the store I haven't opened it yet
Any gigabyte H97m
Gigabyte for dual bios and certainly not z97 as your cpu is not overclockable and it's a shame to waste money like this.
Pretty sure uBlock can do that.
Best disassembler and debugger for Ubuntu 64bit for 32bit compiled c code?
I checked out ublock but it appears to just be a slightly better adblock. Someone in another thread pointed me to umatrix though, which appears to do what I want.
I just noticed in Windows 10 I can execute cmd commands from the start menu. Has this always been a thing?
Thank you, if I want to be really impatient however .... Could I go ahead and use this asrock z97 I've bought already ? I could start attempting to build it right away and we could all have a jolly good time
since vista.
Quite coincidentally, I'm using Vista, and holy shit you're right.
Why do some high end headphones require batteries if they are wired?
I am looking to do my Phd in NLP soon. I have heard doing a post-grad can be miserable because of the loneliness and uncertainty, etc. But how is it worse than going to work at a company?
though really it's just executing the top search result. It doesn't work for a lot of stuff that's been added to the path manually i.e. typing java and hitting enter will give you the about java dialog, rather than attempting to run java, and you can't specify arguments; you'd need to use the run dialog for that.
My OS is pre-boot encrypted with Truecrypt, meaning that I have to type in a password before Windows can boot. This is the part where I have severe difficulties. I've just bought a new mechanical keyboard and for some reason some of my keystrokes aren't recognized when typing really fast. This results in me having to type in my password like 20 times before I get it right.Once Windows is booted up I have no problems whatsoever, I've tried 10fastfingers.com and every keystroke is processed properly.Am I going insane? Or is this just a driver problem?
and you can't specify arguments; you'd need to use the run dialog for that.I just did "shutdown /s /t 0" and it worked perfectly
both have their own UI they put on top of android. If you plan on keeping the phone a long time the removable battery might be important.  Also the 800 vs the 400 is a pretty big difference. watch some youtube reviews or something
well shit, you're right. It's smarter than I gave it credit for.Yeah it was uMatrix. Holy shit this is so much better than nsocript.
You have to make vbs for that which I'm too lazy to code.
shitspigot.jareks_dee.jpg
I recently got in a new WiFi package for 150 megabit download. Over a wired computer on my desktop I usually hit that easy, however on my phone and laptop over wireless I only get around 50 megabit download. Is this normal?
no you fucking don't, you just start - run "compmgmt.msc"
Can you disable auto contrast on the Dell XPS 13 yet?

I get a buzzing sound that happens whenever I run cs:go, what do?
Have you tried removing it and reinstalling it?
The picture is misleading because it apparently doesn't solve the issue. However, the forum thread indicates that the problem hasn't been solved as of yesterday. Thank you for saving me from this purchase.
sure! glad to helpSent from my MacBook Pro :^
pair of non matching 780ti"s for $700 a good buy?  asked him if he'd sell one for $250 and he said no and won't respond anymore.  Is he crazy or am I expecting too low a price because used old tech?
Don't do it. Nvidia is messing with 700 series in the drivers. Things are too up in the air but it seems possible they are going to continue treating GTX700 series like second class cards that get little to no driver optimization to jew people into the 900 series.  If I were you I'd just stick to whatever you have more for some more time
auslogics or defraggler
Properly read your mobo manual, having the labelled diagram open is always useful.PSU in case first, board second, cpu 3rd then gpu, hdd and memory last.cable tidy only as much you want, so long as no cables are catching on fans or heatpipes you are fine. check PSU has all connectors you need before startingdon't try anything smart like overclocking,  Tim paste change just get it in a basic running state first.I'd it doest power on first take note of beep pattern or board led and check manual
reading through SICP. are the old video lectures still good/accurate?link to playlist: 
I've just recently updated 4chan x to the latest version and now it's fucked. There's no QR,I can't make a post and it's basically as if it doesn't exist anymore. OneeChan works as usual disabling/enabling works as usual with no change to 4chan xNever had this issue before with 4chan x.
which version? I have 1.10.12.8 and it works fine.
Reinstalled 4chan x and it's just fine now. Some weird shit. Settings are preserved too I remember these like never working for importing/exporting
That's one hell of a good deal, you should get them. Don't listen to the other guy, there's nothing wrong with the drivers. There was a bug in the previous driver that came out like four days ago, buy Nvidia fixed it already in the latest driver release yesterday. Shit like that happens. Get those 780tis
I have my functional programming final tomorrow and I'm sorta fucked. Does anyone have neat cheat sheet or something?
reformatted my computer yesterday, I hear it slightly in other stuff. is there an audio setting for me to fix somewhere?
How do I open these? 7zip doesn't recognize them as split files and I've never seen this file type before. It doesn't appear to be UNIX compressed either because that's a lowercase .z
sauce of the webm?
Is Wi-Fi File Transfer PC to Mobile Device safe? Can a neighbor somehow "hack" it if he's within Wi-Fi range? I have a Windows Phone and use "Easy Transfer". It just tells me to enter a number on my Web browser and from there I can access my micro-SD card.
it's a split rar file ya fruit

7zip isn't able to put them back together. What do I use, then?
thanks !

But I don't like winraroh well
Im using a lot of addons for privacy:Ublock originNoScriptRequestPolicySelf-Destructing cookiesrandom agent spooferDisconnectclass="quote"BetterPrivacySmartReferBlurand few more, but my fingerprinting is shittyWithin our dataset of several million visitors, only one in 388,722 browsers have the same fingerprint as yours.Currently, we estimate that your browser has a fingerprint that conveys 18.57 bits of identifying information.what can i do?
oh shit nm that's a z not an ridk, look it up
You extract all of them into a folder, then you extract the first one mgn-aif2lk.z to wherever, and it auto extracts from each zip until the file is made
Phew, I almost installed winrar.I looked it up and all anything says is to use 7zip, which isn't working, because it's not a proper UNIX compressed file, because those are .Z, not .z - but all I get from searching is that it's UNIX and that 7zip will do the job.
Last time I tried that it finished extracting by saying one of the files were damaged and the end file size was much, much less than it should be. Meaning it's not combining them.
you can replace most of the addons with umatrix
wich addons can i replace with umatrix?
noscript, request policy, self-destructing cookies, random agent spoofer, disconnect, better privacy
Is there a java or python library for Git?I want to build a git app for my own purposes and don't want to lock myself into the API of a specific provider like github or bitbucket.inb4 command line gitIt would be an app that would become part of my company's product which is a graphical tool so CLI is out.
Tried selecting all the files and extracting - same damaged file errors.
umatrix is pretty cool not gonna liei've also suddenly stopped having to identify sushi 90% of the time
what output does most modern gpus use? dvi, hdmi or displayport? what is the best?
Does it really replace noscript?
Sigh, went back to the torrent's page and it said winrar in the commentshow odd though
Noscript is shit, you can't even allow per page permissions, only the entire host of that script for all pages. It drove me mad on javascript heavy pages, because I didn't want to allow the cancer scripts everywhere, but temporarily setting the permissions everytime sucks.with umatrix you can at least set permissions per page, allow a script/CDN on one domain, but not on the other one.
No so many time ago was a must have in every browser, does umatrix cover all the shit NoScript do?
still here. I'd honestly just run through them and form my own opinion, because the way this book is written is like it's not even designed for scheme but language agnostic, so I assume the lecture is the same way, but I'm on battery without a charger so am confined to text.
No replies in the other thread so could someone here take a look at my post?  
Looking to wirelessly stream a video feed to my Android phone. I was thinking of using a webcam hooked up to a RPi, running a webserver then using one of those mobile routers to access it from my phone. There's bound to be a simpler solution, it's part of my CE course though, so no proprietary shit. I have to do as much of the programming myself as possible.
it blocks scripts/frames/plugins/ajax requests/cookies and some other stuff.not sure what else noscript would do better.
I'm streaming the raspberry camera with VLC./opt/vc/bin/raspivid -o - -t 0 -n -w 1920 -h 1080 -fps 25 -b 4000000 | cvlc stream:///dev/stdin --sout '#std{access=:demux=h264 vlc://quit
need yer mobo specs... what kind of socket do you have?is that DDR2 ram?Do you have a PCIe 3.0 x16 slot?
I want to upgrade from the 32 bit Freya beta to the 64 bit Freya release version. Can I do this without losing all my data and without backing up? In other words, can I just install the new version over the previous version?
If a site requires a cookie to run, and i allow it, it will be deleted after close the site/session?Or should be used with self-destructing cookies?

I have a gtx650 currently and right now I am just looking for 1080p gaymen. Should I just get a 970 if the price drops on amd release?
I'm not sure, but you can just temporarily allow cookies.on your next visit it cannot read it because it's blocked again until you allow it.
my fingerprinting is shittyWait, you actually bought into the guy who was pushing that site and its browser fingerprinting?His solution was to give up, we're all being tracked so it is futile to even try to protect your privacy.  Pissed me off, particularly since the site doesn't come close to telling you how they determined it, just that they did.Rant over.  What value do you see in this alleged lack of uniqueness that is so objectionable?
Anyone using MATE on Arch got the MATE Menu or Mint Menu to actually work? They crash every time i try to add them to the panel.
so is there a guide to setting up win 8 so it's not retarded? especially the start menu
what's bugging you?
How can I find those specs?
Im not going to give up, maybe im not going to be 100% anonymous but im going to make it harder to find me.
Hey guys, I'm looking to get rid of the Chrome User Menu that appears at the top right of my browser as seen in pic related.I've had this problem 3 or 4 times now and have always been able to fix the problem by going to the "chrome://flags" page and disabling the "Enable New Profile Management System" and that has worked perfectly up until last night when the menu appeared out of nowhere.Now, I cannot get rid of the ugly, ugly button even by disabling the profile management system.I've tried a reboot of my computer and I even killed all tasks within the Windows Task Mananger and the Chrome Task Mananger, all to no avail.I really hate this fucking button, and I just want it gone. If anyone can help me at all that would be great.I'm running Windows 7 64x if that helps at all.
That's what you get for installing a botnet
Ended up looking it up myself, however my next question is how well does VGA to display port adapter work? I'm looking at buying a Dell s2415h but it only has 1 HDMI and 1 VGA. My build will be running a 970 and I would like to hook up 1 console to the monitor as well using hdmi assuming I can use the adapter to convert vga to display port for my 970.
If there's no way to fix it, I'll just hop back to Chromium or Canary.That shit button triggers my autism like mad.
you can crack it open and look at the PCB itself, which will definitely give you the answer. unfortunately haven't used windows in a long time. check device manager, under memory for RAM. look for DDR2 or DDR3. Also look for graphics adapter, video adapter, display adapter, anyone of those. Honestly just searching your GTX 660 should provide you with its specs. I looked it up and it seems to be PCIe 3.0, so you should be good, but make sure on your part. if you're gonna replace it you should be doing this research anyway.Since it's PCIe, you could throw any modern graphics card in that slot, so long as it'll physically fit in I'm assuming prebuilt yer case.
..why not AMD anon? It's significantly cheaper and is not deliberately shafted. a 280x can be found for ~170 on ebay.
It's on Chromium too
It's DDR 2, sorry this is all new to me, I don't mean to waste your time but I have no idea about any of this. What about my processor I've been told that's where I'm having problems. Is that replaceable? I feel like I belong here in this stupid questions thread because that's all I know.Took a pic if that helps
I'm looking to get a used MacBook Air for uni use. I'm looking at them because they seem to have really good battery life and are very lightweight and small. I plan on using arch linux primarily on it. What year/model would you recommend or is there another laptop I should look at? I'm open to any suggestions.Also, I have a desktop for Windows/gaming and really just need a laptop for mobile use/lounging around.
I had bad experiences with amd in the past but it was a long time ago. Would a 290 be equivalent?
Disable the 'new avatar menu' instead.
Re asking arch linuxawesomeWhen I try to open anything in Libreoffice, the window manager crashes. It's not dual screen or anything, and it happens even when it's not in tiled mode.
looked up your processor socket too, it's a LGA 775, and it looks pretty old lol. you can upgrade if you want, the q9300 looks pretty good and cheap, but again, do your own researchI like the price to performance ratio of the 280x, plus any problems you'll have will have tons of people asking about it on the forums, so you won't be lost if you encounter some issue. it is an older card, of course, but it's your choice. arch usercomplains about stabilitythe only fix is to switch to debian/fedora/ubuntu
I would recommend getting a new motherboard if your budget permits... you can keep the PSU and the storage, but otherwise you can just upgrade the GPU. there isn't much you can do for the CPU
Is it true that your Windows becomes slower over the time or is this just an epic maymay?I'm using my Vista for 6 years now and sometimes just opening a folder takes 10 seconds.
, 
What's the best way to get rid of the junk on my computer?
Who is the best ISP in the US?[spoiler]/g/ should make an ISP[/spoiler]
/g/ should make an ISPdo we have a logo yet?
Google
Super Mario Bros.
Google Fiber.Nobody else offers synchronous 1Gbps service for $70.
SynchronousMy bad, I mean symmetrical.
Nobody elseshill pls
I bought an android phone w/ 1gb ram
I bought an iPhone with 16GB memory
I still have an android phone with 1gb of ram from early 2012. Its Running gingerbread 2.3.6. I could update it to jelly bean 4.1.2, but I know its gonna be laggy. Its good for my Chinese cartoons, has a good screen and can stream from kissanime just fine even 1080p, though the screens is only 720p.What I'm trying to say is, is that its not all bad. Try to look at it from the bright side. Sure your phone is probably a slow piece of shit on lollipop, but at least you can watch Chinese cartoons, right? And shit post, let's not forget about that. for reference sake, I have a Sony xperia s. I guess it was a flagship at the time, but you get my point.
i think you're on the wrong board/r9k//b//g/ is for the discussion of technology, not your personal blog
man ive got an xperia z1 and im itching to upgrade to the z3+
fucking ameripoorfrogs
This here is the real problem. For the amount they cost, 1gb ram and 16gb storage is simply Jewish. You fucked up mate. I like iPhones, but I like Galaxy and xperias just as much. Until apple gets its head out of its ass which it won't have do because isheep will buy anything with a shiny apple logo I won't buy an iPhone.I'm the poor bastard with the Sony from 2012, and I still wouldn't take the iPhone 6 today. The s6 edge is way better.
I didn't do my researchI didn't get an android with at least 2gb of ramI didn't get a WP with 1gb
I'm personally done with xperias. I like them, but Sony's updating sucks these days from what I've heard. The customer support is also pretty bad apparently. Samsung has parts of best buy all to themselves and can service a phone there, apple and Microsoft have their own stores. That kind of shit is important. Besides, here in Canada, Sony phones aren't any cheaper then the Samsung phones unlike they were back when I got mine, so why not get the best Isn't the z1 pretty new though? It can't be anymore than a year old. Sony has a crazy upgrade schedule, so I'm not sure but I don't think there's much of a difference between the z1 and z3+. I do like how the z3+ looks though. Here's hoping Sony releases a true flagship z4 soon. I want to be wowed by Sony. Samsung has the edge and note, I want to see Sony do something crazy.
phone has 512mbonly 384mb usablefuck nividia
Meant this forMy bad.
z1 was first half 2013 so its 2 years old now which is my usual phone update cycle.plus the z3+ is the new flagship, its called z4 in japan.Mainly though i want that better front facing camera and charging port that doesn;t have a flap. those two things are my only issues with my z1 but they're really annoying me because i use both features everyday
i bought a sony product manufactured after 2000for some reason i nonetheless think that my opinions on consumer electronics are in any way valid or sensible
No you didnt.
I didn't get a WP with 1gbHonestly, I think even 512mb for WP would be enough..
I use a single core phone with 512MB of RAM, get on my levelPut a custom rom on it AOSP, CM, PA whatever and then trim all the bloat and freeze gapps and enable them only when you need to install something from the store or update the apps.
I bought an at&t Samsung phone
memoryIt's fucking, storage you shit.Memory is RAM.
I use a fucking Moto D1 with 512MB of RAM and no SD card because ART wont let me install apps on it.
You fucked up, OP.As did I, albeit in 2010 iphone 4. Gave it to my mother after a few months, I didn't like the limitations both storage and iTunes wise.
I was lucky enough that the american s3 came with 2Gb of ram so it still running well otherwise I would have bought a new phone by now.
me too but I have no problems at all, because I don't do things like taking photos or listening to music which would require a lot of storage lel
Buy a phone with 512MB Does fineBegin rooting + changing things for preferences such as LMTBegins going slowUpgrade my phone to 2GB RAMDoes fine but stutters sometimesPhone breaksBuy an upgraded version of it, same RAM just faster CPUNot a single stutter or issue everSome people say that you'll never be satisfied with the limits you have and you'll always find reasons to want moreIf in 5 years every app and everything ever is just unnecessarily bloated and using more shit than needed, my phone specs are just good.
If it had WP/iOS installed it would be a flagship model, meanwhile It's unusable on lagdroid
mad autist?
Upgrade my phone to 2GB RAMwat
1GBit's actually 840MB560MB used in idleT-thanks Java!
Android seems to disagree.
I mean, I bought a new phone that was an upgrade to 2GB.
Got 888mb ram in my moto g. I still fucking love this phone for the $200 I paid for it
My mom has a lumia 520. 512mb ram. Trust me, it's more than enough, they will even release w10 on day one for that cheap mother fucker
Ikr..
I wish I could do this.
If only the desktop version of windows 10 could do that
/thread
So is 1gb of ram for WP enough? Im thinking of buying lumia 640
iktfb, but really all I use my moto /g/ for is sms and clover so meh
Jelly Bean is not laggy at all on my 1gb ZTE chink phone
You have to remember that my phone is running on the snapdragon s3 basically 2 snapdragon s2s soldered together, has 1gb of ram and will also have songs skin on top. It normally wouldn't be a problem, but the s3 was never the fastest chip, nor designed to run something as heavy as jelly bean. It could also negatively affect battery life. Songs skin is good, but they also have a tendency to ruin something's in updates. Based on my research, with the 4.0 update, they screwed up the WiFi on the xperia s. I'd honestly rather stick with what works and works well, gingerbread is surprisingly stable
My Google Cardboard kit arrives today.For those of you who've already been mucking around with VR, what kinds of content should I know about?Also, VR thread.
Youtube just updated their app to work with 360° videos, does not work on every phone though doesn't offer the option to go into VR mode
Just ordered one myself.  I'm hyped to try it out.  For some reason I suddenly had interest in it.
10/10 thread.
It's weird. It's VR made from a cardboard box and a smartphone, but everyone says it's actually pretty good. And it's $20, so it's hard to go wrong.
PORN.Nuff said
does it work with the iphone 6?
you can get it for $5 on ebay from china
Sure, but what porn specifically? Where?...and then you have to wait a fucking month for it to get here from China. No thanks.
There are also some cheap ones from the US on ebay. I bought mine for $8 and it arrived after three days.
VR thread?Cool.
I guess all the VR people are asleep or at work...
Man, there are a shitload of these Cardboard-compatible headsets. I just know I'm going to end up buying more than one to see which one I like best.
What vr headsets you using?
i own the cardbox and a chinese plastic variant with larger lenses and comfortable strap and can say that you just will get a glimpse of what the oculus rift is capable in terms of presencemaybe check out JanusVR, it has a demo version and let's you play pc games on your smartphone
sucks dick, seriouslyenjoy your five minutes of staring at pixelated shuttering 3d whilst the cardboard cuts your forehead before throwing it into the trash
That's the DK2 and the VR desktop.Nifty, but kinda useless. Text is impossible to read unless very large . I imagine it would be fun with movies.
There is not a huge amount of content that I know about, but I like what is out there right now a bunch of videos, a few simple games.Certainly worth the ~$3 I paid.
Example. Any further back and that would be very difficult to read. Pics are from a previous VR thread.
Link nigga
google makes a fucking cardboard cutout for a small mobile device as a cheap substitute for VR to show people how fucking ridiculous VR really ispeople actually take it seriouslyHoly fuck, the stupidity of this world.
How are the optics with these kinds of VR head mount displays including google cardboard, oculus and others? Is it sharp in the middle and blurred on the edges? Blurred in the top and bottom, or blurry at the left and right. Or all edges?
Hello, /g/entlemen. I journeyed here in order to take your wives.Long time /g/ man here. I need to order an ATX 20+4 power supply and monitor off Amazon. Not newegg, not anywhere else; Amazon, because gift card. Trying to make it happen for 50-60 dollars, with 70 being the hard limit, shipped, to a USA address. Parts can be used, they just have to be cheap. The GPU is a Nvidia 9600 GSO so the PSU should have a 6-pin, but I have a dual-molex to 6-pin so that isn't an issue. It's an old Gayway that's going to family and I would appreciate the help. I've tried to be helpful when I'm here so I'm hoping someone who has a little free time could help a fellow out. Amazon gives me a headache tring to filter out a deal. It doesn't have to be fancy, it doesn't have to get here overnight; it just has to be cheap and work. LCD monitor aspect ratio/pixel density doesn't matter. Would like 19+ in but even 17 would do. how I'm leaning at 66 dollars shipped but I don't even know what an acceptable cheap PSU even looks like. Thanks, /g/uys. /g/ isn't tech support get gud LAMO Amazon Bebop is godtier
What, nothing? You're all too busy circlejerking over guts and desktop threads, which distro is the least autistic and shilling for your favorite GPU manufacturer to help someone out?
What do you use for ripping CDs, /g/?I use abcde because it's simple and easy to configure.
What the fuck is a CD? This isn't an investment firm sir, we can't give you a Certificate of Deposit.
Compact disk.
EAC. That is if you like your 100% accurate rips.
my bare hands.
ripping CDs
Windows only
2015he still has optical media!
EAC
They are old CDs from the late 90s/early 2000s and I want them in a digital format before I give the CDs away. Mostly folk/world music.
cdio
, 
, 
, 
What do you think, /g/? Anyone to add?
tech geniusessocial autistswouldnt work, op
Fuck off stall an for ethics and put John McAfee instead.
Reiser has to be on there somewhere. Human resources or something?
McAfee should be Staff Morale Officer.
carmack would do well of those positions
John McAfee is a fucking looney
 Ethics committee Offering an in-house position and possibly points on the cap table to someone whose role could easily be served by an outside contractorI'd love to see a VC guy laughing you out of the pitch.
some of these are deadDon't you have something better to do OP?
John McAfee is a fucking looneyThen you might want to get a different vision consultant.Terry is not that sane either.

ReiserHuman resources
I am sorry for being such a noob but hm1. CEO Linus Torvalds2. Ethics committee is Stalman.3. Visions departmant is a man who has actual visions from god, Terry A. Davis4.Marketing is obviously Steve Jobs. He's dead, we need living people though.I'll take Steve Ballmer over him.Who are QA, Lead dev, Senior Dev, optimization?
No ReiserNo McAfee

It needs bill gates as CFO or something of the sorts
and ballmer developers in chief
So he can give all of our money away? No thanks
Dennis Ritchie is dead. So not him.
List of Must-havesTorvaldsStallmanuGatesJobsBallmerDenisThe schizophrenic guy of temple osthe harmful software guyCarm cuck or whatever his name is gaym developer godreisermcafee...
that man is a fucking god...
we only hire the livingThe SJWs are going to have a field day with this...What do you have against the dead? you necrophobic shitlord?

Ok, then hire him as business strategist
QA - UrielLead Dev - Theo de RaadtSenior D - Dennis Ritchieidk about optimization
forgot theo de rateric s Raymond
I visually and audibly laughed slightly irl
who is urel and what is he known for?
doesn't know about optimizationdoesn't fucking know who Chris "I'm gonna make my fucking game in Assembly" Sawyer is/out/
the harmful software guy, killed himself I think

To be honest if you made a team with those 9 I imagine it'd just collapse after an hour because Linus, Steve and RMS would get into a major shit flinging fight really quick. I imagine Steve and RMS wouldn't accept anyone being "above" them in the hierarchy
optimizationWe need Mel: 
Theo as CEO.Linus in Marketing.Tanenbaum in ethics.
as long as you keep Stallman in the basement, with cheese, pepsi, a parrot and air-conditioning, we wont even care...Jobs will have to do what he is told, because the necromancer will have control over him
I don't really get why he would be QA though, all his opinions are just mimicry of Rob Pike. Why not get the original instead of the bootleg?
of course he killed himselfLIFE IS THE ULTIMATE HARMFUL SOFTWARE
Linus as CEOWhy? I don't get it. Shouldn't it be Stallman?
Linus is our benevolent dicktator
Replace Jobs by Woz plz
wozgood at shillingWoz is one of the coolest tech guys ever but he is not a business man.
nah, Stallman is just he kike that tells everybody what they should do, but can't really direct shit
I feel ya
Linus and RMS are in a constant shitfight 24/7, RMS tries to organize a mutiny against the CEO because he refuses to call it GNU/company, while Linus secretly installs Windows Vista, Norton and iTunes on RMS's computersJobs just seals himself off in his marketing department because he can't relate to any of the others who only care about the technical side; decides to commit suicide by not getting medical help for his cancerTerry roams the halls with a cross and floppy disk and shouts incoherent unintelligible phrases about "CIA niggers apocalypse"Sawyer and Carmack have locked themselves in the basement with a ton of computers to "work on a small project", maniacal laughs and loud electrical generator noises can sometimes be heard through the doorTheo spends most of his time rambling in all caps on a mailing list about how shit his company is and has thoughts about going on a shooting spreeMeanwhile, any code that is produced by Ritchie is deleted by the QA department with the note "HARMFUL"
No shit kicker keller0.5/3.5
Jim "RIP soon Jewtel" Keller
I know, it's just I hate Jobs and love the Woz. Woz would suck at marketing.
What kind of company has an "ethics committee" Hi Martha, can you put me through to Bill from ethics? I need to know if what I am doing is ethical.
not ordered
le harmful software guy
I would put wozniakmarissa mayer for being a qtanakata pirate bay guy
Anakata should be public relations. His answers to Hollywood complaints where epic.
It's more about how a company would handle certain work ethics and inter-business things related to them.I remember a company I worked in had like an entire group of people just made for things like that.
Vision consultant Mr. I killed a CIA nigger with my car
Sounds bold and visionary to meThink Different™
He actually has visions so he's the only one qualified
Keller
if you put all those people within a mile radius of each other, violence would erupt
You can't just put a bunch of skilled people into one team and expect them to dominate.These people can't stand each other.
Some of your future employees are already deceased. That won't work out.
shitnus turdvalsangry finn who would probably tell everything to do it like the Leenucks way Tordvals wayrichardo stallmanumad as fuck when someone mentions non-free softwarele CIA nigger manfucking jewish nigger carmackNice team you got there OP.
john abrash not in optimization
Schneier as CSO.
torvaldsa finnwhen will /g/ recognize him for the fennoswede cuck he is?
he loves sweden, but he has the attitude of a finnLinus, please consider that not everyone here still post as it was the 80s. We are professionals and...perkkele vitupa:D:D:D:D
Well memed :^
Thorvalds CEO? What?
So /g/, will you be buying a GTX 980ti? I could probably afford one soon if I don't spend much money this month. 6GB GDDR5 2816 CUDA Cores 384bit memory interface Performance is only slightly less than a Titan £550
 Performance is only slightly less than a TitanIt's actually better than the titan x when both are overclocked. It overclocks a lot better for some reason.
Nah, here in Brazil high-end stuff is too fucking expensive. The Titan X alone costs 2000 dollars, GTX 980 ti will be around 1900 dollars.
not waiting for amd 980ti killer
No, I have a 290X 8GB and it works fine.If i was buying, I'd hold off to see how much the Fiji/Fury actually costs and buy whichever gave best performance-per-dollar.980ti is a pretty nice card.
I'm waiting on AMD to see what they bring and how pricing is affected
Exactly what I'm doing.  Getting a Fury if the performance with HBM rules, otherwise most likely getting a 980 ti.The problem is, I need a new display to go with it, and nothing looks super compelling right now.  I'll probably have to wait until mid/late summer just to get something to use a Fury or 980 ti to its full potential.There's a good chance I just wait for Pascal, too.  My 750 ti is doing all right at 1050p.
It overclocks a lot better for some reason.So it probably consumes way more energy as well. When you overclock something, it pretty much kills it's energy efficiency.
AMD isn't really a sensible option for me, I have a g-sync monitor.Supposedly, the 980ti is Nvidia returning fire for AMD saying that they're making a competitor for the Titan X.
I refuse to buy Nvidia anymore, so I'm just waiting for the Fury. If that sucks looks like I'm sticking to my GTX 400 series card until the R9 400 series comes out.No point in buying a GDDR5 card now when HBM is right on the horizon. If I really have to buy anything Nvidia I'll at least wait until they get HBM2 so I have some amount of longevity.
kek what a shit country
I won't. I have 290X CF, it's fine for now. I'll wait until HBM2, a die shrink and hopefully some VR headsets so I can see which cards work best show up.
It also has 256 less shaders, but it's not like it's a huge loss at that amount.Energy efficiency is always bullshit anyway, 970 and 980 both pull around 270watts on furmark, TitanX and 980ti pull 300 odd watts and 290X pulls around 320watts.Everything on the highend pulls 'around' 300watts at decent non-reference clocks.Furmark issn't real world draw though, I'm not sure what a highend maxwell does here, but I'm pretty impressed with my 290X.In any case, just buy whatever has the best performance for the money you have/want to spend.If you need a card RIGHT NOW, the best in the $650 range is a 980Ti.If you're happy to go SLI/CF, the best to buy is 2x 980ti SLI then 2x 290X 8GB CF mid upper then 2x 4GB 960 SLI.
I remember when flagship graphics cards were around the £250 ball park, this is practically extortion, wouldn't know what to call the Titan.
Supposedly, the 980ti is Nvidia returning fire for AMD saying that they're making a competitor for the Titan X.Or you know, the 980Ti has been in the works since 2013 and they're on schedule for releasing the cut down titan.Like they've done for the past half decade.
I do like the sound of that, but it's probably going to be stupidly expensive when it arrives. I'll probably do what I did with my 760- get another one later on to SLi it.
Gonna buy an EVGA GTX 970 in two weeks then in september step up to the 980Ti.
If people still pay for it, they're going to charge it. The Titan X isn't really for the general consumer, it's a professional level GPU. The only people who use it for games are testers, etc. to see what it can do.
I'm currently using 2 GTX 760s. They work very nicely, but now I'm on 1440p they can struggle a bit with just 2GB VRAM.
professional level GPUWith severely neutered DP compute.It's not very professional, neither is Quadro M6000.Dell is still selling the K6000 for that very reason.
Yes I've already bought 2 and plan to buy another one. Nvidia just does it right.
no double precisionhandicapped driverspure gaymen cardSure man,  its very "proffesional"
I'm thinking of 2x 980, since they just got the price drop.
IT'S PROFESSIONAL IN MY MIND O.K?
Meh. After spending weeks defending amd I've given up. If Fiji doesn't perform similar or 390x is a big boost from 290x.snd they are priced okish. I don't see a single reason to get amd
but does it coil whine?
8GB versionAll the benchmark prove than change nothing in uhd/4k or eyefinity. It's a waste of money.
If you need a card this year, GTX 980 Ti is as best as it getsIf you can wait, next year Pascal HBM2 will be available
This.If it does a lot, then I won't buy it. All the paid shills on YouTube talk about the 'looks' and 'performance', ect. I just want to know whether it screeches or not. It would off my tinnitus/hyperacusis if it does.
daily reminderAMD = incompetentNvidia = evilWait Fury, if AMD fail again, buy the 980 ti or the 980 when the price will dr
Unless you CF it, which is what it was made for
buy referencedon't wait the techpowerup costume tests
The biggest question in my mind is how 4GB HBM will perform on that Fury card. Surely they wouldn't make such a powerful card with not enough VRAM, that tells me that comparing HBM and GDDR5 might not be a straight equivalency even the higher bandwidth aside to Nvidia cards. Hell, we'll probably see an 8GB variant later if it isn't up to snuff. If it does well on the initial release for 4K I'd see no need to wait for Arctic Islands or Pascal.I also really want to go with AMD for a card because they don't fuck DP unlike Nvidia. I'm primarily getting this to drive Star Citizen when that comes out and Elite Dangerous which both I think E:D will get it in time if it already doesn't have it now use DP. Aside from Nvidia's awful business practices that's another thing keeping me from going back to them.
Are the 980tis even in stock yet? Are there any other non reference models out besides evga?
you only need 4gb in most games even at 4KHBM is to GDDR5 what GDDR5 is to GDDR3/4at the top end thats the bottleneck for both AMD and Nvidia cardsshills can spew bullshit about performance all they want but when AMD demos Fiji at E3 your gonna find out real quick how obsolete GDDR5 really is
I'm planning to get one too, but will wait a month or two for AMD and more reviews.Do they do single reviews, or compare the manufacturers all together against each other?
at the top end thats the bottleneck for both AMD and Nvidia cardsIt isn't a bottleneck for any GPU on the market today, Titan X and 980Ti included. It would become a bottleneck if it had not been replaced by HBM though, so it's great that we're doing this before it's an issue.
Nah, I currently have 2 OC'd 780s in SLI and I cant imagine the 980ti will really blow them out of the water. The only issue is that gaming at 1440p the 3GB of Vram sometimes can be an issue. I'll wait for pascal
I want to, but waiting for AMDs new cards review.Any manufacturer to look out?Overclock myself or buy already overclocked?
Don't buy reference cardstrust me it's awful
you only need 4gb in most games even at 4KI'm aware for most, but some have been going over that even in 1080p/1440p right? Regardless I think it's going to be irrelevant when it comes to HBM.
Bought a 980 around christmas. Gonna wait till the 980 tis start becoming popular and pick up another 980 when the prices get slashed.
There's no reason to ever SLI/CF non top of the line cards right off the bat.
i still doubt that fiji was ever planned with 4GB.I mean how retarded would this line up be? Tonga with 4 and probably 6GB, only hawaii versions with 8GB and Fiji, the new, fancy fancy high end chip with 4GB? Even when they somehow pull some magic more effective vram management out of their ass which makes the 4GB a non issue in almost all cases it's still a killer marketing wise. Probably worse than hawaiis shit reference cooler.I still hope that pic related is true and not one of the many fuck ups in hynix presentation materials. Otherwise fiji will get slaughtered at launch, no matter how it performs.
It's because there's cut cores producing no heat so the cores that still remain can be clocked higher, that or voltage efficiency is increased.
It's because there's cut cores producing no heat so the cores that still remain can be clocked higherif that was true, why increase core count at all?  that or voltage efficiency is increased.How should that work? It's the same fucking chip.GM 200-400 is not weaker than GM 200-310, even when OC'd. The Titan X chip performs obviously better, you can OC how you want. That some of the tested 980Tis  were able to overclock high enough means nothing, that's just the usual spread you get between chips. Silicon lottery, after all.
where do you guys even buy reference cards?whenever I've bought a card I go on newegg and I never saw any reference cards
Yes but I am trying to wait a couple months.Want a evga copper anyways. Maybe two before long.
will it have waterblocks coming out?
Apparently the High-Density versions aren't available yet. At least not available for public order on their site, check their catalog. I find it hard to believe that they don't exist yet though, since it is still HBM1. That image isn't some obscure slide, it's right on the main page for their graphics memory.The most likely explanation is that the high density ones have lower yields which is why they will also take longer to get to the market and have a price premium. I think it's consistent with the idea that there's a Fiji PRO and a Fiji XT model or variants of XT. Since AMD helped Hynix make HBM I would imagine they'd give them first crack at the good stuff before the rest of the market.
You're underestimating people. If real world benchmarks show HBM magic performs at is should, people will flock to it. Numbers sound good, but a fancy title like HBM sounds even better.
that depends on the card you want. There were no real GM 204 reference cards. There were many GK 110/Hawaii reference cards.
$1100 dollerydoos
Just buy the hybrid.
i can afford one now, but I'd rather wait for AMD to release the 390x.
Won't be buying one, it's too expensive where I live.I could buy 2x 970s for that price and still save 100-200 bux.Here is me thinking that I'll be better off just buying one 970 now and getting a second one later. Hopefully then the VRAM will stack and dual cards will be the way to go anyway.
I think Asus, MSI, Zotac, etc. are releasing mostly at the end of this month. Different sites are getting them at different stages, but I think as a rule most of them will be out over the next 2 months.
Waiting for this sexy beast. Has there been any talk as to release date yet?
vram doesn't stack
Apparently the High-Density versions aren't available yet. At least not available for public order on their site, check their catalog. I find it hard to believe that they don't exist yet though, since it is still HBM1. That image isn't some obscure slide, it's right on the main page for their graphics memory.It wouldn't be the first time that products that are available for certain partners aren't listed in the official calatog. That happens all the time. When someone wants something special and can pay up for it and it is possible they get it. Samsung, Micron, UMC... do it all the time.The pic i posted is from info material hynix handed out at GDC, if i recall correct it's nowhere in their presentations or on their website. Thing is, they are notorious at making stupid mistakes in their info material. pic related for example. So probably the pic i posted with 2 and 4GB HBM1 stacks is just the work of some stupid trainee who doesnt know what exactly he is doing.The most likely explanation is that the high density ones have lower yields which is why they will also take longer to get to the market and have a price premium. I think it's consistent with the idea that there's a Fiji PRO and a Fiji XT model or variants of XT. Since AMD helped Hynix make HBM I would imagine they'd give them first crack at the good stuff before the rest of the market.They are already producing DDR4 DRAM on their 2y node, and, generally speaking, DRAM is easy to produce. Once you've got the yields for your process up everything's fine, increasing the size is no problem then.The hard part about HBM is the stacking, but that doesn't really change when you increase the size of the slices. Look how the image of the reference coolers stuck to hawaii. People still thing it's a power hungry, notoriously hot behemoth. Do you really think they'll be forgiving or rational when it comes to the VRAM amount?
I could but I don't feel comfortable with spending so much money a gpu. I regrettably have a 970 so unless I can sell it on for a decent amount, I'll probably stick with it for quite some time yet.
i already have oneWitcher 3 runs OKAY on everything set on ultra + hairworksCrysis feels kinda sluggish with every setting on max
i was planning on doing buying another 970 in the future. I'll be butthurt if ram stacking is shit in dx12
1. VRAM doesn't stack2. Multicarding is a MASSIVE waste of money.
VRAM won't stack linear with SFR, ever. The people that set this rumor in the world should be euthanized.
did the memes make you feel bad, anon?
I'm planning to buy two. If the price of EVGAs website is correct I'll be getting two Hydrocoppers. Usually they're ~$200 more than msrp and buying a block and backplate seperately is ~$150. But they'll be selling them at $150 above so.. Seems easier and actually cheaper in my case.
I have 1440p too and I'm using a GTX 660 2GB.It's not bad for what I'm playing right now but I do admit I kept myself from playing new or demanding games.
I think he meant with dx12. Everyone knows ram doesn't stack
I'd say it more makes me worry about the life span of my card since unless I take active steps to keep my vram usage under 3.5gb its going to start fucking things up for me. Even gta v at 1080p takes 3.4gb and thats not even on max settings.
even then, won't happen.
what the fuck do you know??
Thanks for the picture.I was looking for the measurements of the HBM someone used in this picture.
it's a $350 dollar card it's not going to play games on ultra forever, for now it's doing really well. I used a $150 dollar video card with 1gb vram for 3 years so I'm sure you'll be okay.
i know that even with SFR redundant data is needed to some degree for working load balancing.And even then it's ridiculously hard to implement. Way harder than AFR. And look what awesome support we get for that by devs.
What sort of FPS do you get on 1440 / Ultra?I'll be a bit late to the party, but I'd really like to run Arkham Knight maxed out and I don't think my current 2x 760s could do that.
around 40 on Witcher 3it's not really noticeable because of jewsync
690 here, considering it. 2GB of VRAM has long since stopped being enough for 1440pnever really was. Problem has been finding something actually faster under $1000. I really want to get in on either Pascal or AMD's non-crippled HBM solution though, so that would require flipping the card in under a year potentially. Not sure how I feel about that.
$460 in my country, but yeah. While I am generally happy with its performance I can't help but worry. Mind you I seem to have bad lucky since this card, and my 660 both had  memory issues.
take it with a grain of salt. These values are for the first iteration of HBM produced on hynix 2x process. I honestly don't know what fiji will use, but i hope it's something else.Also it sucks to make these calculations with a foto that needs corrected perspective. Many others have already tried that with the "correct" values for the HBM chips, and their results vary  somewhere between 500 and 650mm^2.
I've heard stories. Is that why the mega drive had such a  long life in BR land?
the performance jump from GM 200/Fiji to the large 16/14nm FF chips will be massive...
I haven't played Witcher 3 yet so I don't really know how demanding it is.Anything else recent that you've tried it on? What sort of performance do you get?
I went from 690 to 780ti SLI, One alone was close if not matching the 690
ill have to sli 980tis to get the performance i want on my triple monitor setup unless the fury can do betterIm terrified. Id be spending more on my gpu setup than the rest of my pc combined.
Im terrified. Id be spending more on my gpu setup than the rest of my pc combined.It was always like that when you wanted to go high end...
live in Norwaymfw I saw the price tag starting 6800 NOK, nearly 900 USDWhat do?
That's pretty much the way things are these days, the GPU is pretty much always going to be the most expensive part of your build.As a rule if you're spending more money on anything than your GPU, you're doing it wrong.
smuggle it over the border from germany
didn't have the time yet to check every gameArham City runs on 90 fps avg.
the times where you could justify to buy a ~1000$ cpu for gaming are long gone. Sad, everything was developing way faster back then.
6800NOK = £571That's about the price of the EVGA superclocked version.
Literally every 980 Ti listed on Newegg except one from EVGA is a reference card.
, 
You realize right now we are in a golden age? where there is a good amount of technology but still enjoying animal pleasures and what it is to be human. Future generations will envy us
but still enjoying animal pleasures and what it is to be human. Implying society isn't getting more animalistic every generation.
Can't wait to replace this decaying, biological vessel with an immortal - replaceable, electronic vessel.
No, this is the shittiest time unless we blow ourselves up. It's like right after the industrial revolution started, when it was shit for everyone below management-tier, and the technology hadn't yet rising-tide-lifts-all-boats'd.
freedom through entire world online is slipping quicklyconstant threats of oncoming war by countriesmfw it's only going to get worse
If we're  lucky, in 1000 years there will still be islands of sanity in a sea of religion, superstition, ignorance, intolerance, and war. But maybe we'll have flying  cars.
leftismobesitysocial mediagolden ageOP please
Optimism is often naive, and naive is being blind.
 golden age is now not when people have star trek strike personal holosuites and food replicators for the ultimate NEET iron slave girl experienceI sure as shit wouldn't be doing robin hood
 price equationHow do you handle being wrong so blatantly?
Kill all faggots, religious, treehugers, feminists, and we are good,
Klebold? I thought you were dead
My mind lives on.
Computers will think for us. What's the freedom in that? Everything will be so controlled, yet nobody will even know.
Pic related, daily what went wrong thread
wow...
inb4 the C internet defense force turns up to run damage control for their clusterfuck of a language
confusing C with C++
being that retarded
fucking summerfags
There are 3 "real" languages in the world, and the'yre C, C++ and Java. One of them is just C with a different name because no one uses the extra shit that comes with it, and the other one has the most retarded "features" due to wanting to keep backwards compatibility while trying to be a cool hip new language, which it just can't do. Can you guess which is which?
Hating CI love this meme! Upboated XDDD
what went wrongsome dipshit summerfag spent every day remaking a "C, what went wrong" thread no one wanted/thread
One of them is just C with a different name because no one uses the extra shit that comes with itjava standard editionand the other one has the most retarded "features" due to wanting to keep backwards compatibility while trying to be a cool hip new language, which it just can't doc/c++
atleast someone has a brain here
sorry retardposter, but no
someone should ban these C shills
I'm a shill for liking to use a powerful language which does not cater to retards and allows me to have direct access and full control of all the components I paid for when I bought my computer pieces with my hard-earned money?
How much did Dennis promise to pay you for shilling this hard?
allows me to have direct access and full control of all the components I paid for when I bought my computer pieces with my hard-earned moneyunless you use MS-DOS or something without a HAL, you actually don't have direct access and full control of all the components you paid for, doesn't matter C, Pascal or Visual Basic
They designed for speed instead of safety because of being on a PDP11.
the only reason it would be easier to program in C is that you can't easily express complex problems in C, so you don't.C is not clean – the language has many gotchas and traps, and although its semantics are simple in some sense, it is not any cleaner than the assembly-language design it is based on.… so as long as you do The Right Thing and forget how you would do it in C, you should be able to get a good grip on this.C being what it is lacks support for multiple return values, so the notion that it is meaningful to pass pointers to memory objects into which any random function may write random values without having a clue where they point, has not been debunked as the sheer idiocy it really is.Getting C programmers to understand that they cause the computer to do less than minimum is intractable. They would not /use/ C if they understood this point, so if you actually cause them to understand it in the course of a discussion, you will only make them miserable and hate their lives.So pardon my cynical twist, but what are you doing with that 20,000×20,000 double-precision floating point matrix you say you need to invert today? If you answer "nutt'n, I jus kinda wondered what it'd be like, you know", you should be very happy that I am most likely more than 3000 miles away from you, or I would come over and slap you hard.C is not fast -- it is instead microoptimizable, so it looks as if you control the speed of your code, but instead of generating fast code for problem-solving, the compiler generates no excess machine code relative to _your_ code. This is the same "fast" as assembler, where you would have to be lobotomized beyond recognition to believe that instructions counts equated speed.C was "efficient" on a PDP-11. It is inefficient on everything created ever since that CPU design was abandoned. On modern processors, C is actually anti-efficient due to a number of relationships between processor, memory, and the outside world.
C hello world: easy, intuitive, nice, cleanC++ hello world: C but shittier and more convoluted, probably with 20 different operator overloadsJava hello world: generic concrete class main extends abstract main implements main interface has the public static...There is only one sane choice.Actually, I use MS-DOS ocasionally. What now plebian?
Now that the delusional Cfags are here, we should have a quick refresher of the list of reasons why C is an unreliable clusterfuck of a language:weak typingpointer arithmeticno bounds checkingunpredictable float accuracyno checks for void* castingcomparison/assignment, bitwise/logical AND, switch break statement typosno proper stringsarray decayshitty operator precedence rulesunreadable syntaxno consideration for parallel computingCfags will no doubt try to justify the above stupidity, citing muh speed, muh control or le just dont make mistakes, despite past and current programming language tech proving them all to be completely unnecessary flaws.General overview of NASA's opinion on C, starting at page 214 page 215 in-document:
Student detected. Sure you can get some tasks done far quicker in other languages, but your points are inexperienced at best. C is only just a portable abstraction of the CPU instructions.. the CPU does all the work on a computer no matter the language.Any features you find in new language can also be done in C and were likely implemented first in C... including all of the features of C++ and all of the features of Java Java is currently even written in C.
Daily reminder that we've had a better systems language than C for literally decades.
C LANGUAGE IS FINISHED
Don't use C for every job then.For a portable lightweight assembly language, it's awesome and there are no real alternatives.Even today with vast CPU and RAM power, C is the only performant choice for embedded programming, systems programming.
if all you do is write hello world and fizzbuzz-tier programs
FIZZBUZZ kiddo detected! go back to uni you fuck
See 
Hey grandpa! How's the 21st century going for you
Try writing a game on a Nintendo handheld in anything but C.If you want a non-dropping frame rate on anything but simple pong or tetris or other trivial shit, you simply cannot use anything else.
C is a great language, but it's not suitable for "enterprise software". Unless you're an embedded systems SE or some shit there's literally no point using C anymore. C#, Java, C++ and now Rust all leave C for dead.soz m8's
embedded systemsSee 
Cryeninge is being ported to Javascript as we speak. Go home grandpa!
Linux ecosystem.Macfag ecosystem underneath the Objective-C layer.Windows ecosystem underneath the .Net layer.
Literally nobody uses Ada
Everyone look at this fucking idiot!This is the state of /g/ people!
strongly typedANSI C has improved that quite a bit.However, it's a shame that you have to leave so much trust into your C compiler and not the language itself.
Better than all the windows 10 and "rate my build" threads.
Are you in the business of writing framework ecosystems? Then C may relevant for you. Congrats
C is good for production code.If your doing academic or experimental code, use something that runs in a vm and on a higher level.In my work most of the programs has to run on all different kind of hardware and platforms. C handles this good since you can just change the compiler for another one to get a new build. Also there's a ton of libraries.
All the dumb fucks bashing C due to their insecurities are web developers running Windows and/or making games in Unity.Just bringing the conversation back down to reality here.
AdaHas no libraries
Says the NEET. I bet you can make a pretty solid fizzbuzz in assembly though.
lying on the internet
people don't understand so they bash it C
This is what some people actually believeC is fucking easy.
bash CbashC
I recommend this book.To follow this book straight through, you will need basic knowledge of a programming language, else you will get stuck on simple things like syntax.I had learned Assembly before C, but after lua.This book also talks about how to integrate asm into C. That is the most important part imo
Come on, complete the statement. C is fucking easy *to shoot yourself in the foot with*.
WHOOPSwrong thread
java runs on anything that has a JRE, you don't even change the compilerjava has a huge library and not just APIs, but actual solutions to problems.
You picked the worst thread to get mixed up in.
The JRE is a fucking cancer and a massive security hole.
C is fucking easy to shoot yourself in the foot withAnd your point being?
It doesn't help that I have like 16 tabs open with soundcloud and such in between /g/ threads :
Maybe in 1999.
A bird once whistled that ur mom is also a big fucking security hole
That the flaws that make it so easy to shoot yourself in the foot are completely unnecessary. At this point using C for new projects qualifies as masochism.
There are people on /g/ right now who don't acknowlege C as being the best programming language ever. Let that sink in.Fucking script kiddies, go back to python.
Wahh! I can't do anything that isn't catered to retards, so nobody else can either!
Cnot fortranchrist, kids today. . .
Even the majority of C fags would say Lisp or Haskell is the best programming language ever. I bet you're a big fat stupid NEET poofter.
Welcome to 2000, granddad.
If you haven't written a compiler, you're opinion doesn't matter.
63 postsby 13 postersThis thread went to absolute shit
C works the same way a computer works. A stack, heap, memory pointers and some arithmetics on top of that.But asm also does thatYeah, but you will write your code 10X with C and it's readable to others.Most languages have their own paradigm to follow and that can cost performance. Sure you can say that C has a paradigm it follows and that it's not "good", but the way you code C, is the way you code a computer today. So if you are good with C one can argue that you are inherently good with computers.
expressing pride about the ability to hurt yourselfYep, masochism. Also probably Stockholm syndrome.
 majority of C fags would say Lisp or Haskell is the best programming language everwtfpoofterThat makes sense, you're a 12 year old.
The funniest thing about people who bag modern languages is that they actually think C is hard. That's their main defence when someone says C is useless. haha u dont like C caus you cant do it!
git -gud
C is quite easy. It is, however, very hard to write reliable software in C, so they're kinda sorta right.
ok poofter
xD
Which is a bad thing.
I'm A Shitty Programmer And It's Everyone Else's Fault Tierno bounds checkingno checks for void* castingcomparison/assignment, bitwise/logical AND, switch break statement typosI Don't Even Know What C Is Designed For Tierarray decaypointer arithmeticNot Even A Problem Tiershitty operator precedence rulesunreadable syntaxActual Criticisms Tierweak typingno proper stringsNothing At All To Do With C Tierunpredictable float accuracyno consideration for parallel computing
C is fucking easy.This. There are 32 fucking keywords, people. It's weakly typed. How much fucking easier do you retards need it to be before you'll be able to shit out your "ENTERPRISE KWALITY KODE"?
Not Even A Problem Tierunreadable syntaxHow'd you figure that?I agree with the rest.
You sound like an autist. Why are you not seeing the doctor? Skipping another appointment?
Not that guy but.. I fail to see how C syntax is unreadable unless you are writing some fancy pointer arithmetic.
I have 15 years of experience writing C, including operating systems.I currently write in Ruby & Python.Every language has it's place. Every language has strengths & weaknesses. There is no "best" language and anyone, ANYONE who says there is such a thing is a dangerous moron and/or a child who has never done any real work, and their stupid opinion can be safely ignored.
unreadable syntaxWhat kind of shit is this? Pretty much every modern programming language uses C syntax, except for memelang interpreted shit like Python.Pascal-tier shit like begin ... end or Lisp  isn't more readable.
/thread
kiddiesYou forgot to seath your katana.
The point I thing he is making, is that C can have horrible syntax, if you make it have horrible syntax.See; Obfuscated C Competitions
There's nothing unreadable about C.
 There is no "best" languagerightunless you count scheme
every modern programming language uses C syntaxSuch ignorance.
Please provide a significant list of examples of modern and relevant programming that don't use C-inspired syntax, which I'm pretty much taking to mean curly-braces and semi-colon terminated.
lisp is so fucking readable that you can learn the entire language in like 15 minutes
He's right you know
Okay, prove your point.Recommend me a book.I've been wanting to learn lisp
#include                                     math.h#include                                   sys/time.h#include                                   X11/Xlib.h#include                                  X11/keysym.h                                          double L ,o ,P                                         ,_=dt,T,Z,D=1,d,                                         s[999],E,h= 8,I,                                         J,K,w[999],M,m,O                                        ,n[999],j=33e-3,i=                                        1E3,r,t, u,v ,W,S=                                        74.5,l=221,X=7.26,                                        a,B,A=32.2,c, F,H;                                        int N,q, C, y,p,U;                                       Window z; char f[52]                                    ; GC k; main{ Display*e= XOpenDisplay 0; z=RootWindowe,0; for XSetForegrounde,k=XCreateGC e,z,0,0,BlackPixele,0; scanf"%lf%lf%lf",y +n,w+y, y+s+1; y ++; XSelectInpute,z= XCreateSimpleWindowe,z,0,0,400,400,0,0,WhitePixele,0 ,KeyPressMask; forXMapWindowe,z; ; T=sinO{ struct timeval G={ 0,dt*1e6}; K= cosj; N=1e4; M+= H*_; Z=D*K; F+=_*P; r=E*K; W=cos O; m=K*W; H=K*T; O+=D*_*F/ K+d/K*E*_; B=sinj; a=B*T*D-E*W; XClearWindowe,z; t=T*E+ D*B*W; j+=d*_*D-_*F*E; P=W*E*B-T*D; for o+=I=D*W+E*T*B,E*d/K *B+v+B/K*F*D*_; py; { T=p[s]+i; E=c-p[w]; D=n[p]-L; K=D*m-B*T-H*E; ifp [n]+w[ p]+p[s]== 0|K fabsW=T*r-I*E +D*P |fabsD=t *D+Z *T-a *E KN=1e4; else{ q=W/K *4E2+2e2; C= 2E2+4e2/ K *D; N-1E4&& XDrawLinee ,z,k,N ,U,q,C; N=q; U=C; } ++p; } L+=_* X*t +P*M+m*l; T=X*X+ l*l+M *M;  XDrawStringe,z,k ,20,380,f,17; D=v/l*15; i+=B *l-M*r -X*Z*_; for; XPendinge; u *=CS!=N{                                   XEvent z; XNextEvente ,&z;                                       ++*N=XLookupKeysym                                         &z.xkey,0-IT?  
C language in a nutshell

Ada, Lisp and Haskell, off the top of my head.
Any of thoseModernRelevant
Samefag in a nutshellIf you think that all C looks like that, you may have basic cognitive problems and issues with simple pattern recognition; you should probably see a doctor about that.
I've seen the table of contents of that book. It's more like general comp sci than it is about lisp specifically.
That's what I meant.
Ada: ModernLISP: ModernHaskell: Relevant

So what are you asking about? I placed it under "Not Even A Problem Tier", because it's not actually a problem, and you're agreeing with me?
I'm going to dismiss any and all examples because they don't fit my preconceived worldviewLua also qualifies, come to think of it.
He's dismissing them because you failed to provide examples which fit the stated criteria.
And I'm pointing out that he's doing so out of his own willful ignorance. What's the problem?
Ok that's 1 example.If you noticed by original statement:  I said "Pretty much every language", not just "every langauge". My proposition is still true.
I pointed out four modern programming languages, and you arbitrarily dismissed most of them. That's hardly my fault.
willful ignoranceNo I'm with him. When was LISP last updated as a language? The last revision to ANSI Common Lisp was 1994; hardly very modern. ADA has been updated but outside of the DoD and defence contractors it's hardly relevant. Haskell wishes it were relevant but again, outside of a few universities and a tiny community no one actually cares.
four modern programming languagesI asked for modern and relevant programming languages. "Relevant" is also a keyword here. I don't know how you can consider Ada, Lisp and Haskell relevant these days.
Since there are 10^4 languages it's better to say that many or "most" BIG languages are based on C.C++JavaC#Javascriptetc.
forth:^
The interpreter of python is written in c, the php interpreter is written in c , ruby is written in c++, unix is written in c, windows/linux/mac kernels are written in c.Every programming language has pros and cons but please, don't say that c suck's because you simply don't know how to write propper c code that actually works.
can i make a game in c?
Yes.
but it would be basically like building a game engine, no?
LoLDOTA All MOBASAll done in C my friend.
i think those would be c++/sdl friend
There's not a lot of "C++-isms" in game code STL tends to be voided in favor of custom containers, RAII is not used in favor of custom allocators, templates or meta programming are rarely needed, inheritance and virtual functions sparsely used, most game programmers tend to favor a more C-style and data oriented approach.
most game programmers tend to favor a more C-style and data oriented approachsource? and could it be that they can't actually into OOP?

Shut up retard. Future is Javascript 3d games.
 claims that most games dont use modern c++ features shows only one example
This clearly shows how shit C language actually is
Why all the hate for C? It's my go-to language for most of my general software projects?Are there no real programmers left on /g/?
Real programmer by your definition means a person who like to waste time on writing libraries all over again e.g. re-inventing the wheel?
What the fuck? /g/ bashes on Python, Java, C, PHP, scripting, basically every programming language ever fucking created. If they're all shit-tier, then which ones are we supposed to fucking learn?I fucking swear, if I browse this board any longer, I'm gonna get diagnosed with cancer
Why would you rewrite libraries all the time?
Lisp, or assembly.
what is c#what is javashcript
COBOL, Haskell or nothing
True dat, I made an irc bot and countless other projects./g/ just sucks at having a professional opinion
countless other projects.Like what? More IRC bots?
Amongst other stuff, yes.C is just my go-to language for all my general programming projects.U mad you can't into real programming?
FizzBuzz™ Enterprise Edition
U mad you can't into toy programming?ftfy and no
general programming projects.Like what?
writing my own little os in arm asmstart thinking about developing a higher level language on topmfw it's practically the same as c
That's because most RISCs were designed for C.
You niggers are retarded.Fucking CIA bullshitters fighting over high goddamn garbage language.All languages were created equally by God. God intended us to use our languages to fulfill and attain our needed fruits.Suck-it, CIA.
, 
We're in for a long 5 years /g/Now everything is multi-plateform, devs are now only pandering to the lowest common denominator. In the days of yesteryear, PC had its own titles, which pushed the graphics envelop. Those days are dead. I can only think of one title which may not even happen that may push things, but otherwise it appears if you got a high end rig, you're future proof until the next console, maybe longer.inb4 4kYeah because I want to run subpar textures at stupid resolutions.
/v/
implying lack of advancement in graphics won't slow down graphic tech.
Make your own "PC exclusive"
/v/
xcom 2 is PC exclusive
Just got a good job. I never had a smartphone in my life. Which phone should get?
one you can kill yourself with while you read the sticky you fucking goyish phoneposter
You should read the sticky.
Xperia Z3+ once Its released.
ZenFone 2
iphone 6 plus
As much as people shit fling different phones on here it really just comes down to price and what services you use. If you already have mac stuff get an iPhone if you can afford it, if you have Google stuff get an android at your price bracket
Nokia N900
I got a good job a few months ago and I just don't see any need to upgrade my dumbphone.
, 
, 
What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to startclass="quote"Learning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.md Useful tools- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentHow I Got a Job in Web Development
Hey /wdg/!I was wondering if anyone knows of any good text editors on android that include web preview and whatnot, somewhat like diet coda on iOS. Does an app like this exist..? Please I'm desperate ;-;Or if not, a web server php and sql needed, that would be neat that works on android could work, but all of the ones I've tried didn't.
0. that's a really bad idea1. get a linux vps2. install apache, php, mysql3. ssh in and run emacs or vim in a terminal4. profit
I want to make a simple startpage for myself, but I don't know where to start.

Why is that a bad idea..? And that destroys the point. If I have access to a vps, then I have internet, then I probably wont be using my tablet because I'll be at home with my computer.
idk, i use a real computer for that shit because i'm neither a poorfag nor a masochistbut i guess there's something called vimtouch for android and there seems to be an emacs .apk as welland i guess if you have an actual shell on the tablet i.e. you can ssh into localhost or w/e and you install python, then you cancd ~/dongs/webshitpython -mSimpleHTTPServer 12345 &and then open in the browser to get a live previewsimilarly, if you have a real shell and ideally root, then you can either install this thing called "KSWEB" that i guess claims to be a whole LAMP stack in a box, or you can, in extremis, install a compile toolchain and build your own apache/php/mysql to run as android services, however the fuck that worksanyway good luck, you should totally get a real computer though, it makes all this a ton easier
I am both a poorfag and a masochist. So thanks for that help man. I'll check that all out.
most/all of these can be done in a browser:you need something to do, poke at it and tell me it's shit
What I'm currently working on. Dunno what to put into the third box though. Ideas?Gonna put it on Github soon.
get rid of the left and middle boxesgive it glados quotes for error messages and like thatmake the interface properly unixy e.g. "reddit -h" or "reddit --help", like thatextra bonus points: use the chrome js speech synth api to make it talk
What is the best and most easy to use small web framework for work with MySQL/MariaDB databases and a good and easy to use template language.It'll only be for a small and internal project, the language doesn't really matter since I think for a project this scale I can quickly learn a new one.But a good MySQL/MariaDB driver and an easy templating language is important.I already tried flask but I couldn't get the bloody MySQL driver to install properly, neither sqlalchemy. So I got a pretty old mysql driver, it works but it's quite hacky and I'm not sure if it's a good idea to use old shit, even for an internal project.
Because of course you're a fucking redditor, aren't you?Throw in some scan lines, fuzz up the aperture logo and for fuck sake fix the dates and version number.
you could always build REST microservices and an angular SPA clientthen you don't have to dick around with a server-side framework and your template language is HTML use zencoding/emmet so you don't wear your fingers down typing brackets
a fucking redditorthat's a serious problem right therebetter add some 4chan api integration if you want to be taken seriously 'round here, boy
Thanks for your input.get rid of the left and middle boxesWell, they're there in the credits of Portal 2, so I put them in there.give it glados quotes for error messages and like thatAlready doing that, the one error message you see is a quote except the "Error.".make the interface properly unixyGood idea, gonna do that. Currently I'm having a "help" program taking the first parameter as the program the user needs help with.text to speechNah, won't do that. Websites with sound suck, also I'd need to use the voice of GLaDOS.I love you too, random stranger.Good point about the date and version number. Dunno where to get the version number of the credits screen though.The logo is more or less like the one on the credits screen, what exactly am I supposed to change about it?Gonna do that.
what's your problem with reddit you cunts? I used it for a long time and I just browsed the tech related subreddits. You know, you don't have to look at their memes and shit, there are a lot of good subreddits for learning programming, keeping up with tech news and such. When people here talk about "muh secret club" I just cringe, it means that you are not capable of unsubcribing from the shit you don't like and subcribing to the shit you do like.
they're there in the credits of Portal 2use them the same way the portal 2 credits sequence does, or get rid of themif they're useless, keeping them does the style more harm than getting rid of themthe user interface is complete dogshit, is my problem with itit makes 4chan look like a fucking marvel of effortless usabilityand even in the topic-centered subreddits there's more circle jerking than i care to put up with, it reminds me of the bad old livejournal days
the user interface is complete dogshitEh.. that's a bit shallow because reddit is a content agregator, it isn't there to be pretty but to show links to content. And it does that job pretty well.What kind of circlejerking will you find in /r/learnpython? Huh? No kind at all, but you go into subreddits that contradict your opinion and circlejerk in the other direction than what you would like so you hate it.
Currently working on a level/exp calculator for a  3DS game. Would it be save to put this on the Google Play store once finished if I don't generate money with it? Or should I fear of Nintendo or the developer to take it down?I stumble on it every once a while when I search for something on Google. The community is horrible though. Circle jerks in every thread just like in any community forum. And I thought our generals were bad. Pic related
Using materialize-css here guys, and none of the JS is working.. Dropdowns, collapsibles, etc
I'm currently implementing the 4chan function on my GLaDOS console.What the hell am I supposed to use as link text, like, the title of a thread? There are a shitton of threads not having any titles at all.
I love you too, random stranger.W-wanna cuddle?For the logo, I dunno, make it more "CRT/Running over shitty analog cables with interference/video signal generated by switching the gpio on an AVR really fast"-y. Maybe I've spent so much time looking at shittily compressed images of it that a nice clean image like yours just looks wrong.Here's some examples:for the version, here:cjohnson, tier3It was just mindless shitposting, but if you wanna know the site culture's just shit, and that DOES spill over to all boards, anything and everything gets praised, and the entire conversation system is modeled around an echo chamber. I come to 4chan for discussion, not fucking article aggregation.
Sounds like a little overkill for what I'm trying to do.I just want an easy way to crunch MySQL data and output some shit.
Eh.. that's a bit shallow because reddit is a content agregator, it isn't there to be pretty but to show links to content. And it does that job pretty well.And I wrote "not fucking article aggregation." before having read that. You know that it's only useful for one thing and it's shit at that at best. It doesn't even try to compete with 4chan in terms of discussion. The comments might as well be just youtube comments, they're there but you don't really need them, all that matters is the view count and number of upvotes.
Or should I fear of Nintendo or the developer to take it down?Does it break the game or really fuck with online?
subject || "" + excerpt from start of OP's postlook at how the catalog does iti think you should be fine putting it on the storeidk if the "pre-show" countdown for the fallout 4 trailer is still up, but if so, that might be worth a look, they had some vaguely neat crt-ish effects going on therealso idk if you can do a barrel distortion effect with css transforms, but if so, that's more crucial to producing the "crt look" than anything elseafter that, scanlinesafter that, everything elseall that matters is the view count and number of upvotesso it's basically hacker news with bloat
How many posts in until someone posts "Install gentoo"
27, apparently
It doesn't alter or enhance the game itself, but I do plan on using their assets like object previews.
Fuck, this whose system could be used to judge the quality of the thread.27 posts in, this probably isn't a thread about someone asking why their new build's not turning on after forgetting the standoffsShould be fine on play store then.
if you embed the assets in the app, that's probably copyright infringementif you fetch them from some public source, that's probably finethis whose system could be used to judge the quality of the threadyou know that is an excellent point
Okay I can see now how the logo is a bit too good looking. Gonna change that next.I'm using catalog.json but I can't find anything called "subject".Already decided to use just the first 100 chars or something after stripping out the HTML.
I can't find anything called "subject"see e.g. each post with a subject has a sub member
Syntax: 4chan [board] [pagenumber]Whatcha thinking?Welp, I already "solved" it.
might be easier to read with some formatting, there's lots of spots where you could stand to add a space
Or if not, a web server php and sql needed, that would be neat that works on android could work'Servers Ultimate' has you covered. Might need root, thoughIt has all server software you could possibly want
What is it?I hope those links are clickable because nobody wants to read a whole thread in that font. Come to think of it, I would just go on reddit and search from there instead of using a glados themed text browser. But it looks cool
Yes, the links are clickable.
Who /meteor/ here?
Anybody here know DNN well?  I'm trying to make a module for my website and it needs to make queries through the local database.  What's the most appropriate way to connect?
I'm starting to have clients now. My set up is I set them up a VPS and host their site on it.When should I consider shared hosting vs VPS?
alright /wdg/, recommend me a simple stack for building websites. I started working with pure html+css but it's getting too slow... The sites are mostly static but an option for backend in the future would be ideal.
I personally use Django/FlaskNginxUwsgiRedis sessions, cachingCelerybackground tasksIt works but there are many optimizations you can tune, even at the application level
Is there any guides for dummies to handle those tools?
Thanks anon, I even know some python so that will come in handy.

href="#p48326759" class="quotelink"spring boot, play or grails
So I did a lot of drugs, scrapped my PHP project, and re-wrote it as a JSON API in PHP where client-side javascipt does all the heavy lifting once the user is authenticated. Data is passed to the JS over HTTPS as heavily compressed gzipped JSON.Did I do a good thing?In my testing this loads fast as fuck.
What is the best guide for front-end web development?
Yes but /g/ has an irrational hatred of client side rendering so get ready to be shitposted.
not using SQLhipster
anyone know what wdg stands for
wild dog girls
Looking for a talented front end. Have a lot of clients. I handle backend and infrastructure you handle templating and front end decisions/designs..Who down?
weaboo discussion group
willy, dicks, and gigantic clits
kirk
Is there any sort of stigma towards Bootstrap or sites that were made using it?I'm working on a small project that I would like to finish quickly right now and am considering using it but after reading these articles I came across yesterday I'm questioning it.
There is no problem with using it. It will look just excellent as all the other sites made by it.
, 
2015not having a dank boot screen for your ThinkPadStep it up.
Is that a BIOS mod or is the image loaded from the HDD?
BIOS mod.
A lot of modern motherboard BIOS/UEFI let you use a custom image for the boot screen logo.
how do brohow doI want do this thing you do
2015not having a retina macbook pro with 512GB-1TB SSD and 16GB ram
I have an X220, when the installer unzips the flash package there's a .txt that describes the process.It has to be a 640x480 jpg under 30kb.You put the image in to the flash folder and run the flash tool, then it loads in the custom logo.
There is literally no reason to do this, and it increases the chances of bricking your main board.
No it doesn't, it uses the normal BIOS flash tools and file.You literally drop the image you want in to the folder and the tool detects it and asks if you want to flash it.
can you put costanza.jpg during boot time on that ?
Literally impossible to get a good bmp down to 30 kb
am i just retarded or is it NOT possible to have a second router behind your main one completely wireless?pic related
install openwrtsearch their website for terms like `wireless bridge'rtfmget goodyes you're just retardedsage
thanks /g/ i was looking at tutorialsand i know how to basically do itbut the tutorials always end up connecting their routers via a cable, thats fucking retarded
Bridge mode?
wireless repeater/extender
When the fuck is gorhill going to change this shitty icon?
... or, he could continue to focus on adding functionality and fixing bugs. If you care so much about the aesthetics then go use the shitty chrismatic fork. God knows I wish I had the option to use gorhill's build in Safari when I am on my mac
When will OP stop being a faggot?It's a fucking icon nigger. Does the extension do a good job? Since when does a fucking icon affect performance or features?
When you quit being a cunty faggot
God knows I wish I had the option to use gorhill's build in Safari when I am on my macYou do
I agree, I like the old icon a lot better but like  said, I prefer function over form when it comes to security. It's just where my autism leans more towards.
2015still using this fucking argumentcome on
Its a good icon
Oh shit, thanks for the heads-up. If I remember right, this wasn't available when the split initially happened, and I have not checked since then.
it looks like shit on a toolbar
cluttering your toolbar with iconsAbsolutely disgusting.
Just use firefox anon. It's what i'm doing.
That's your own fault for thinking like that.
cluttering
toolbar
Why not make a /g/ fork of uBlock? We'll call it gBlock.Anyone wants to start working on the logo?
Guess how i know that you suffer from cerebral audiovisual autism retardation?
Of course. The logo is not anything worth thinking about. The important part of the logo is that you don't confuse it for other works; nothing more is needed. What's most important is the function of the software, not the look of the logo.
Here is the logo
Got u covered, fam
where?
Can someone please explain to a complete retard why I'm now able to update uBlock gorhill version through ff add-on manager? I'm assuming it also has to do withthe party guys. It's all over soon.
The one on AMO uses the same unique ID as the one on github. uBlock is already signed
git pullmake-safari.sh
Gorhill doesn't maintain the safari version so he deliberately turned off the generation of safari builds but you can still build it yourself you just wont have any support from gorhill if something goes wrong.


The logo is not anything worth thinking about.
/g/ should make a logo for it, but just for us.
As soon as my free open source project that I don't sell starts earning more than $50000 per year, I'll think about hiring a professional logo creator. Until then, the logo is not worth my time.
Why is this allowed?
fucking jews, man.
ublock omega sounds cooler
chris will bloat the shit out of ublock until it isnt lightweight anymore and his version will sink like the fucking titanic
He's only capable of editing readmes and "polishing" loading bars and icons. He can't add bloat because he can't code for shit.
awesome new features, refinements and enhancementsIt's a fucking adblockerHow many features does it need
When will you stop shilling, NEET?
It's not really shilling if I'm complaining and let's be honest, is it worth to go back to ABP?
ABP is garbage, so no
should i enable it??
This is how the GPL works. It works as intended.
YesDisable pre-fetching to prevent any connection for blocked network requests... is only functional for the Chromium version. I need to read more to hook it properly for Firefox. That new setting is checked by default. It is suggested you read Chrome Help's Make webpages load faster:
cause gorhill knows your a faggot and wants you to use aljewdi's fork
Make an issue about it, I'm sure he'll be reasonable and appreciate your feedback.
tfw all those pretty logos are a thing of the pasttfw now it's all just flat simplistic shitHold me, anon.
your mom
using chromeever
new umatrix dev build
Camel is literally a camel.
mfw japs still use myspace
They still use Yahoo too. And a lot of other deprecated stuff.
professional logo creatorthe world needs people like you to be shot in the head. Preferably standing in a row, not to save ammo but to make the firm statement that you are not even worth the fucking bullet.
Their yahoo is a separate company from the western one though.
How much money do you think Chris gets from uBlock donations?
enough for his chemo
FUCKING SHIT just let me type in numbers or random words again
Previous thread:Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
I need to replace the whole rear LCD cover magnesium? on my x220. Can i do this without disassembling any of the lower half?Related, how painful is the procedure for accessing and re-pasting the CPU heatsink? Temps are stable now but i managed to hit 93 C on a laggy shit Flash webpage
Hackintosh PovertyBook T60 guy from a thread or two ago reporting in.After many, many failed attempts, I finally figured out how to install OSX 10.6.3 and then upgrade it to 10.6.8 without lolkernelpanic.  I disabled all the add-on voodoo shit for sound, etc. during the install.Thinking logically about how in my understanding kexts are extremely version-specific, I should have realized this sooner.  I just know fuck-all about OSX.  Now I just have to find kext versions that work with 10.6.8 to make everything work.Still using my charge-circuitry-borked T60/ATI board waiting for the Intel board to show up.  Then I'll get to do the install all over again.
My T61 has a very yellow and dim screen compared to my X201. Are they all like that?Basically is it worth it to swap the screen?
Replace the backlight
Wouldn't it be easier to just replace the whole LCD?
You could.
My T420 is arriving today... is it easy to hackinthosh? I need an iOS project done for tomorrow, and I'm not sure if I should just rent macincloud or attempt to install OS X
And an entire lid swap is easierIts best that you wait last minute for that hackintosh install!Though it is more work to remove the bottom screws so you can remove the keyboard & bezel to remove the LCD cable, hinges and lid, it makes it easier imo to work on a screen that way.But yeah, its doable, good thing ThinkPad displays go all the way back so you don't have to worry about the LCD falling much.
What is a good place to buy thinkpads in The Netherlands?
Anyone using a T410 with Lunix? Is it worth getting one with an nvidia card? How's the mobile broadband working?
Ok, so I got one of those butterfly keyboard Thinkpads for free 701c.  I didn't realize how sought after they are.  This one's quite the project though. The hinge that controls the keyboard folding was completely broken and pieces are missing, I superglued what's left and it seems to be working good now.  The battery leaked, so had to take that out, showing bad memory on startup. I continued with the boot but it doesn't go any further than the windows 95 loading screen. Just thought I'd show it off.  Think I'm going to just toss it on ebay because I have no use for it.
Well now it seems if I hit f1, esc, or enter it just gives me a black screen now.
It'd probably still fetch a decent sum on ebay if you make the pictures look goodBut the issues would scare away the first handful
Yeah, now that it won't show the windows 95 screen it'll probably scare more away lol. But I got it for a good deal and rather it go to someone willing to put effort into it.
Still looking for an X220 in the UK. eBay has some good listings but generally is pretty overpriced. Anywhere else I can get one from at a reasonable price?
Why ThinkPad? What's so good about them?
IT'S A MEME YA DIP
memes can actually be dank tho
As dank as your dubs?
cheap as fuck usedexcellent build qualityexcellent keyboards --20 models and earlierglorious trackpoint master race input deviceeasy to service and maintaincomfy features like thinklightIt's the best meme. Thinkpads are love.
What about availability outside the US? Can used models be easily found in yurop?
Prices in Europe seem to be a good deal higher than here in the states, but there should still be good deals to be had. You might just have to look longer and harder than you would if you were in the US.
easy to service and maintainI agree. The only thing I really hate about Thinkpads is le epic one RAM DIMM under the keyboard design decision. That's annoying as shit.
Any downsides of the T430s compared to the T430?I can get one for a good price.
Worse battery life but you'll get a HD+ screen for sure.
Thanks. I can live with that. Outlets everywhere.
I have a Dell Vostro 3300 currently, I want to replace it with a Thinkpad if/when it breaks, what model should I get which is roughly similar?I don't care about games and shit, as long as I can have 4gb on it and do some programming and torrenting and watch films I'd be okay.
x230 for $270 in a country where ThinkPads are overpriced as fuck.i5-3320m, 4GB RAM, 240GB SSD, 6cell bat and a power adapter.Should I pull the trigger?Pic rel is my current x120e. E-350 is a pain in the ass.
chiclet keyboardno.
Fuck off nigger.Any other opinions on this?
Would you say a T520 is worth 60 eurobucks more than a T500?
Yep, totally worth it with the SSD.
I'm gonna replace it with my Intel 520 180GB anyway because of hardware FDE.Fuck samshit by the way.
Absolutely, no question. Sandy bridge is much more powerful and is actually usable with a battery.
check local 2nd hand online marketplaceX series for 100-200 yuroswait a sec are you trying to convert me again
I cleaned my X220 keyboard two days ago and let it dry for 48 hours. I plugged it back in today and only the trackpoint and power button work. I can't enter the BIOS because the thinkvantage key does not work and I cannot input keys. Should I buy another keyboard?
sorry, the trackpoint does not work, but the leds work
8710w
hey /g/uyswhat is the best Intel Penryn/Merom line CPU I can put in my R61i?And is the middle button really only supposed to be for scrolling and not clicking?
Is it ok to buy a T60 for programming?i just want a thinkpad
bump
Yeah, a T60 will serve you fine. Ideally you'd want one with the 1600x1200 screen but you can program on literally anything.
T8300 is best price/performance is the middle button really only supposed to be for scrolling and not clicking?Yes
thanks anon, it's a 1400x1050 t60
thankI'll get a X9000
what distro should i go for ?inb4 T40
That's a good deal, anon. Nice.Ignore le thinkpad keyboard purists. tbh the only thing I hate about the new keyboard design is the placement of keys. Literally no business moving around the scrnshot and pg up/down keys where they are.Tbh I find it more comfortable to type on than my x220.
So apparently the screw on my x220 tablet is too fucking long and it is pushing against my keyboard making the J key and it's area hard to push. Where the fuck do I get a better screw for this? Is t here another solution? Are the screws just different sizes or what?
what the fuck happened to Lenovo's websitehref="#p48295723" class="quotelink"Which screw? One that holds the keyboard?Those screws should be the same size as the palm rest screws. If it is longer then someone screwed up.You could just take one out of the palm rest and put it in the keyboard hole. The palm rest has like 5 screws anyways, not really necessary.
Just cut the screw.
Oh yeah okay, I'll try that when I get home Also what the fuck happened it looks like Etsy or some shit
My X201 Tablet Thinkpad overheats all the time. Get a reset whenever I compile code and CPU temp goes up to 100 C. ;_; Tried to find fixes, but only solution right now is to set fan level to 7 or disengaged and hope it doesn't reset.
X220 IPS, i7-2640M, 850 Pro SSD, UltraBase Series 3. I'll upgrade RAM later because this only contains 4GB of it. I'm quite happy with this thing.
what's your idle and load temps like?
Are those UltraBases worth the money?
After 5 minutes I launched this thing:acpitz-virtual-0Adapter: Virtual devicetemp1:        +36.0°C  crit = +99.0°Cthinkpad-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterfan1:           0 RPMcoretemp-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterPhysical id 0:  +36.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0Core 0:         +36.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 1:         +35.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCompiling retroarch, mpv and having web browser launched up:acpitz-virtual-0Adapter: Virtual devicetemp1:        +78.0°C  crit = +99.0°Cthinkpad-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterfan1:        3880 RPMcoretemp-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterPhysical id 0:  +80.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 0:         +80.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 1:         +74.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CIt seems I have to make fan control a bit more aggressive under a load.. I wonder if that's healthy.I think you can live without them just fine. I got this cheap. If I have to mention something; it contains 4xUSB3 ports and a DVD drive.
Is the t440 a decent replacement for a dell latitude?
Can a 2TB HDD work in a T500?Or should I go with a smaller SSD?
That's pretty good the ultrabase. When I get my X220 I'll have a look around for a cheap one
Can a 2TB HDD work in a T500?As long as it's 7mm or 9.5mm and not 12.5mm, yes.Or should I go with a smaller SSD?Get both, hdd goes in the caddy.
Ssd for boot speed, HD if that's your only computer
Pretty good. How much did you spend overall and how's the battery life
four usb 2.0 portspls respond /g/ents
I just got issued T440 at work.Why is it so slow compared to my 7 year old C2D?Why is that touchpad so shitty?Why does the display lose colour accuracy when tilted just slightly? I thought this was supposed to be IPS?I am dissapoint.
tbh I'd just get another Dell Latitude if you want something newer. T440 has a really poor touchpad with no buttons, and it isn't hard to get used to but it isn't ideal.
Hey guys. I'm interested in getting a T61 or T61p. Problem is I'm looking for a 14" with a Penryn processor which they are meant to come with and there doesn't seem to be any on eBay. I can't see any whatsoever with Penryn processors actually. So my question is: where can I find a T61 with Penryn? I'm in the UK if that helps. I'd also like to ask if there's any way to get a T61p without any risk of the GPU failing. Thanks guys.
Because CPU doesn't matter, storage device does.Because you should be trackpoint master race, and the T440's trackpoint sucks any way so it sux2buBecause not all Thinkpads are IPS, some are still 768p TN
It's easy if you know what you're doing
Why is it so slow compared to my 7 year old C2D?chinksWhy is that touchpad so shitty?chinksWhy does the display lose colour accuracy when tilted just slightly? I thought this was supposed to be IPS?chinks
Whenever I try to "restart" my x220, it shuts down then the screen and all LEDs just stay off.  The fan is still running gently. Why is it doing this?Also, startup time from my SSD power button to login screen is 2-3 minutes but at least once like  25 seconds.Please help me i'm about to strangle this thing
So I recently came into possession of a Thinkpad T400 for free. It has a 2.53 GHz P9500 processor, the ATI HD3470 graphics card now useless for just about anything other than Chinese cartoons, 6GB of RAM and a 500 GB 7200RPM hard drive. In other words, it's pretty loaded. Battery even lasts 3 hours with the shitty 3-cell. I was previously using a shitty Toshiba Satellite, and the construction quality of the T400 is absolutely awe-inspiring in comparison.The computer also came with the fuckbright 670-nit screen, which from my understanding is pretty rare. And it's seriously fucking bright, like full-on broad daylight does nothing to this screen's readability. The only issue is that it's 1280x800; I cannot be productive on the go and when it's on the dock I end up gravitating towards the 1080p display I have plugged into the VGA port which the main laptop easily outshines on full brightness. But that resolution is so terrible. Is it worth it and doable to swap out this display for a 1440x900 one?
Yes! Two generations newer, better battery life, better performance.14" T60 was my favorite, if only it was IPS.The keys aren't that fucking bad, I admit it is a but awkward to type on a X130e but the T420, 11e is OK, got used to the layoutI embrace the botnet though.Because your work has backdoors and keyloggers, good guy.There might be a UK/EU seller on the ThinkPad forums that will sell you a legit 08/08 date model. You pay enthusiast prices or deals.
The 1440x900 display may not be that be that bright but it will make a difference, I've had a display before and it does look OK compared to shit WXGA
The screw hole for the hard drive bay in my t60p got stripped and now the screw is very loose. How can I fix it?
Cheapest business class thing to get as a drawing tablet? HP and Dell are fine too.Something is wrong with your shit. Startup time for my t410 with a ssd is under 20 seconds. Over half of that is the POST.
Replying to my own post. Looks like a Dell Latitude XT is pretty damn cheap and works decently with loonix.
got a brand new dell precision m2800 for work and it's awful.  Everyone got thinkpad but i'm the first wave to get the new Dells.  They are moving away from Thinkpads :
And an entire lid swap is easierYou could also just buy another machine....[in all seriousness, a lid swap is likely to get you another dim, yellowed, worn out backlight]
Replying to my own post again, the XT has a damn 1.8" zif ide hard drive. Stupid obsolete incompatible dead-end tech bullshit. Let's find a different tablet convertible to get!
anyone diy'd this before?
Are T61 widescreens with Core 2 Duo 1.8GHZ a good work/general fucking around laptop for like £60?
I found a T400 with an LED backlit 1440x900 display. It is also bright as fuck FYI
I've got a T400 with a 1280x800 CCFL, would the LED improve battery life at all?
Oops, my bad.
just bought a T540p, cool as fuck.
get a new keyboard
Yeah sure. If all you are doing is typing and coding, it should take good care of you, especially since that is a pretty okay price considering Eruo poor
guys, im really stuck between two *gasp* newer thinkpads. yoga 14/15+dedicated gpu+rollcage/good construction+good ips display+cheaper ~$600 between ebay or outletx1 carbon 3+better screen+about 1lbs lighter+slightly longer battery life+cooler-more expensive $700-$800 between ebay and outletshit /g/ what do?
also, I don't know at all how decent the keyboard/trackpad is on either. i know both are shit compared to le old thinkpads i already have an x200 and t61p but how are they compared to eachother or modern day macs?
So does Windows 8.1 run well on a Thinkpad X220 when it comes to drivers and what not?I have a X220T and I know Windows 8.1 tends to offer overall better performance, so I'm thinking of just giving it a pirate.Also quell your autism I'll be installing a version of Leese Nuts on it next to it.
I'm running Windows 8.1 on my X220 and everything runs just fine. The Lenovo site has Windows 8/8.1 drivers for the X220.
Oh really? I must just have missed them last time I saw it then. Cheers, anon. tbh you can get something better than both of those if you look outside of Lenovo. Consider Dell Latitude. I have a Yoga 14. It's nice, but I've found Dell Latittudes cheaper and with better GPUs like AMD. Out of the two, X1 Carbon has the physical buttons. If I don't end up selling my Yoga, I'm going to mod in physical buttons on it. I'd look elsewhere and get something that has integrated graphics and a GPU, because I don't believe EITHER of those two have integrated graphics and that is what will eat your battery. Consider the Dell Latitude line, or even the precision line. I don't know I just don't really like this ultrabook trend
I actually really need my laptop to be "portable" as in at least under 5lbs. The yoga 14 is 4.2 lbs which is light enough but the x1 carbon is 2.9 lbs for a 14" machine which is god tierwhat do you mean by physical buttons? for what? the yoga and the carbon have the same keyboard layout as far as i knowboth also habve integrated graphics. do you know about switchable nvidia graphics? the yoga doesn't use the dedicated gpu on battery at all. all id be playing on it is lower end games like cs:go, warband, and poe anyway which the intell 5500 can handle perfectly fineI think I've made up my mind and want a 1440p Carbon but I'm gonna have to pay out the balls for that. gonna save up the next couple of weeks, but thanks for the advise anyways. I'll see what dell has to offer for shits and giggles
How do people even play on laptops? Looking to buy a new one from Japan with 700$ budget and see shit like intel HD 4400 which runs jack shit.Best I saw on Fujitsu's site was intel HD 5500 which also got shit benchmark results.Where the fuck are you getting laptops that let you run vidya?Are IBM ThinkPads the answer?Only ever seen these used in primary schools. Where they hand each student their own one. They barely run notepad.
You can run CSGO on an x220.I mean reason that you aren't gonna play modern vidya on laptop no matter what soAnd to be fair, you really shouldn't because it will shorten your laptop's lifespan with all the heat that fucker will put out.PROTIP TO ALL THOSE MUH GAYMES FAGSSet up an external GPU setup. You can spend the money you use getting a dGPU to get a more powerful GPU and plug it into a port. I even think the T430 has  a thunderbolt port on one of the models.
Never thought about that.So you can plug in a normal gfx card in with a thunderbolt port?Would a converter to usb inbetween work cuz not many laptops seen to have any thunderbolt port.I just want to play League without shit fps or stutters with stuff on the background.
You probably need a new fan, or maybe could get away with reapplying the thermal compound.In all honesty, just tape up the cover, maybe electrical tape will work for the screw threads or find a fatter screw, unless you want to rethread it or buy a whole new base for it.Perhaps, but there are honest sellers on eBay.On my T43p the screen was yellowed on the edges due to the Sun's UV rays.
broaden your tastes m8, there's a lot more to vidya than the latest $60 console ports, as much as steam would like you to think otherwise
Not a Thinkpad but in case I ever need to use my laptop in an acid rain storm or right after a concussive grenade goes off... And that L33T Razer sticker, well. Its to fool people. Because you see the only thing it can play is FTL.

Hey man, Crunchbang is based on Debian Wheezy.  It's only going to get security updates from the Debian repos for a few more months.  It's on its way out or already out depending on who you talk to.If you want a Debian/Openbox setup, install CrunchbangPlusPlus.  It's based on Debian Jessie the new "Stable".
You don't think I won't be able to simply change the repository and go from there?
Check the #! forums.  It breaks some things.IIRC it can be done, but it's a serious pain in the ass.
If I want a small machine with non-shit 6-7+ hours battery life for cheap, preferably 200€, what should I get?
I would say the X220, but then I realized britbong prices.Consider X201, X200, or X60/X61.Or the T series if you want something bigger.
of these worth it?
I was also thinking X220, that's like 270€ here while the X201 is at a comfortable 109€.Are there any big differences between the two models if all I wanna do with it is browse the Internet and write code?
That T440p is priced pretty fucking low, what's wrong with it?
How come Cumpads are so darn cheap in US of A?you this isn't a plain X220 but a X220 tablet.I would've bid but the import taxes and shipping here to Europe kills it for me.
As opposed to Avondale I believe is the CPU line name, Sandy Bridge was a MAJOR upgrade in terms of power consumption and processing power. In general, X201's run hotter, and have about maybe one or two hours less of battery life for the same capacity cell.The X220 also has the capacity of an IPS screen upgrade, and unlikr the X201, has room for a second mSATA SSD and access to a 9 cell battery.On the other hand, the x201 has a 16:10 resolution, and although you can't have an IPS, you are able to pop in an equally as nice AFFS screen into it. Or even the T60/T61 is nice because it has a better resolution all that, so for coding it might be nice. Especially since the aspect ratio is 16:10. Or I think some of them come with a 4:3 ratio.
Not really interested in the T-line because I'm really looking for a portable machine to take to uni.
How is T not portable?
Too big. I had a 13.3" ultrabook before and that was too large.
I think the T series are still pretty portable, and the higher resoltutions will go a long way as far as coding since the X series has shit resolutionOtherwise, yeah I'd just grab the x220 or x201. I listed pretty much the benefits, so it is really up to you. You can't go wrong with either. I would personally lean a little more towards the X220 myself.
is yoga_3_pro nice for someone who burn my ass with "I want a laptop as a macbook fucking faggot style and battery" ?
U wot?
I still have an L420 thinkpad that I got while I was contracted to a company.They never asked for it back.Is there any way for them to track embedded into the laptop it if I swap HDDS and don't run their OS?
Anyone with an X220 got a replacement battery as part of the recall?Which FRUs are affected? 6 cell or 9 cell?
look up used batteries on ebayfind one where the serial is acceptedget a free battery
I got a 9 cell and my existing one was still pretty fresh, KERCHING!I did that for my W510. Didn't find a suitable one yet though.
I spent a bit over 500€ incl. 850 PRO and UltraBase Series 3. It seems the battery model is "42T4940" which ThinkPad Battery 29++ 9 cell. The whole laptop seems pretty much unused and the battery gives me 8-9h of life in semi-idle mode.
It seems like the faulty batteries were Sanyo OEM.Look for batteries with cells made in Japan
My first Thinkpad T410 came today. But its not as advertised in the ebay ad so i will have to return it. Really bugs me. The keyboard really is nice though. Well memed /tpg/.
Has anyone here ever replaced a t-series keyboard? I ruined a couple keys on my t-410 after a coffee explosion and bought a cheap replacement keyboard on Amazon. So far, the new keyboard has been more problematic than the last mute/caps/microphone lights won't turn on, an even greater number of keys do not work. I think I got a crap replacement since the packaging was poor and the price I paid was far below any other replacement on Amazon only paid $10. Any advice /g/entlemen?
Companies buy them by the boatload and dump them after their ~3 year lease is up. The **2* is now starting to get really cheap, hell there's a t420 for $85 buy it now on ebay here in the 'merica.
have thinkpad t430slasted me yearsdropped it tripping over cordslike 4ft+ drophardnow won't go past boothow fucked?
Because CPU doesn't matter, storage device does.There is SSHD inside, its upposed to be "best of both worlds!" I swapped old hard drive for SSD on my dads 8 year old Dell, installed Mint and it fucking flies. HDD never again, in any form.Because you should be trackpoint master race, and the T440's trackpoint sucks any way so it sux2buI disabled touchpad right away for movement but it sucks for clicking. I tried new 50 series and physical buttons are based. Basically I got the worst generation of ThinkpadsBecause not all Thinkpads are IPS, some are still 768p TNIts a 900p display, looks like IPS to me, still shitty in color renditionchinksI agree they suckBecause your work has backdoors and keyloggers, good guy.This is my sentiment as well.
Okay. Don't have much more work to put into this X220T, but it has some things I was wondering if there is a fix for.1 So my SD card slot doesn't eject SD cards when I push on it. I'm gonna open it up and take a look either tomorrow or the next day, but any ideas?2 The little hatch on my express card slot won't stay up. Is there like a cover or something I can get for it, or maybe a better fix? I just don't wanna get dust in it.3 How easy would it be to add a webcam if I ever find a need for it? Mine didn't come with one, but I might consider adding it since I kinda wanna replace the back cover.Cheers, /g/
Try Latitude 7250 or ThinkPad X250. Even HP has some 12inchers in pro league I think.Very portable, good quality, very expensive though.
you need to hook it up to the PCIE bus, which means no USBboth thunderbolt and expresscard are basically PCIE, but thunderbolt is going to be more expensive
genuine ones are going to be around $50 as far as I know
Bummer.  What was wrong with it?
Was advertised as WXGA+ i5 M560 and german keyboard layout im german. Its only WXGA and M520 with some other qwertz language layout that doesnt fit ÄÖÜ etc. Really disappointed. Well guess it was too good to be true at 159€.
Some sellers are just shit.  Good luck finding a replacement, anon.
Will it load the OS at all? If not, then my educated guess would be that your hard drive is fucked or unseated. Turn it on, listen for a whir near the hard drive. If there isn't a whir, or if you hear a repetitive clicking sound, then chances are the HDD is boned. Take out the hard drive and put it back in then test again. If still doesn't work after that, look into a new hard drive.
I had T420 before and i was really happy with it.It was pretty much perfect except i needed something smaller now so i got myself an X220, i expected it to be just as good.My god, what did they do to trackpad in this thing? How could they fuck it up any worse?When i try to left click it randomly either does nothing or cursor just flies away. There is no real distinction if im presing the button yet or still on the pad so its never acurate.Is it possible to replace trackpad in X220 to a diffrent one? like, could i get the one from X201 or something like that since it looks like they didnt fuck it up yet?
TrackpadAs a X220 hard user, start using the trackpoint. It'll make your experience infinitely better.
I am using trackpoint often and i know its great, that doesnt make trackpad any better tho.
But in the years I've had this thing, I've probably used the touchpad for a total of a minute or two. Seriously, just disable it and be better off.
B-but touchpad on T420 is pretty good since it has phisical buttons and i like like to use it when im not typing all that much.
fuck im so angry i cannot into grammar anymore
I'm leaned back on my couch right now browsing the internet on my X220, the touchpad doesn't come close to the trackpoint for casual use like this either.
My Asus x53s from 2011 is frequently playing csgo, lol, hearthstone, and I used to play bf3 on it in lower settings and it does that just fine. The i7 quad core 2670qm allows me to run eclipse, chrome with 25 tabs, Ms office, Adobe acrobat smoothly at once while having games opened in the background. Btw I dropped it once in a wooden floor from 1m height and it survived well one corner is slightly bent now but nearly not noticeable. I ordered my new t450s with sshd + m.2 ssd 256gb, ips full HD screen, 12 GB ram, only internal gpu,... a few days ago. I hope that the performance drop from 2011 i7 to 2015 i5 won't be as huge as benchmarks suggest, but I will welcome the battery life
X220 Tablet anon here. Finally got Windows 8.1 jiving well on it. Glorious SSD, got the screw thing fixed up. Only a few chores left and this thing should take care of me for a while. The 9 cell chink battery I got has made  the laptop unlevel though, so I gotta figure out how to fix it. It is missing the rubber stop on the front left corner, but I don't think that's the main issue. Would anybody happen to know where I can get one of those little rubber stops though?
I know you guys hate the new thinkpads but is $550 a good price for a x240. i51366x7684gb ram500gb hdd
Damn these are some comfy temperatures. My desktop doesn't even run this cool right now.HIGHLY recommend swapping heat paste if you have poor temperatures.
I tell from the way you write that you will fail miserably.There is no plug and play option, lurk moar, git gud, google.
Nah first result I saw on ebay was less than that. I mean, I would ask yourself if you really NEED a newer thinkpad. I just got my x220 and it does everything I need it to for a fraction of the price. You shouldn't expect to do a lot of things on an x series laptop, so I don't really see the benefit of buying new.Also it has that piss awful trackpad with no buttons, so that is definitely worth avoiding.
how are x220 tablets?
1366x768
They are /okay/I have one. I like it because the screen is guaranteed to be IPS, and in my experience, the material between the screen is thicker and more solid.I don't care for the bezel however, and the battery sticking out doesn't do it any favors. Otherwise, just an x220.As for the tablet feature, it certainly isn't that accurate. Wacom tech has gotten a lot better since the X220 came out. So, you can still do some nice things with it, but since the resolution is mediocre and the pen isn't too accurate, I wouldn't recommend it for any serious artists. if you just wanna do some doodles or scratch writing maybe even notes, will report back when I start my next semester in a few months it is more than capable however. It is a lot of fun to use.
I was thinking for drawing and shitposting, also anything after 20's have that macbook keyboard right?
specs are everythingliterally any entry-level acer from 4 years ago can have those specs tooand you can get those for half the price of that X250what's your point
Right, but honestly it isn't that bad. I don't hate it, I just really hate the layout of it is all. X230 might have a better and more accurate screen as far as the Wacom goes although I wouldn't know.Yeah, just for that though it would be fine. As long as you aren't embarking on a super serious art project, you should be okay.
Anybody want to buy two 90s Thinkpads?
Can we ask about Dell Latitudes as well ITT?
Yes.  I have a few so maybe I can help.  But my best advice would be "sell it and get a Precision".
kek. Wrong thread, Newtype.
Ok, there's a local listing for a E6500 at $60. Specs are core 2 duo at 2.53 GHz and 148 GB drive. It has windows 7 installed but I'm planning on installing a Linux distro on it. Is it a good/great deal?
Yes, that's a decent laptop and the price is good.  I would buy it if I had the opportunity and the need of one.
Alright, thanks for the reassurance!
Wow, you're idling at a whole 10C lower than my X220 with the same CPU. The laptop itself doesn't feel warm to me, but lower temps are always desirable.How difficult was it to replace the thermal paste?
What do you use it for?
Not necessarily difficult, but definitely time consuming. The only way to access the heat sing is to remove the entire motherboard.Otherwise if you are better that keeping track of parts compared to I am, it isn't difficult. I used Arctic Silver 5, so I should get a few more degrees down as it cures. Mine easily hit 50-60 while browsing the net now it stays around 45 at the most so far.Definitely worth it. Gonna do
i guess i should replace my paste since my x220 idles ~55c and load ~95c at 21c ambient.
Gonna do it to my dad's T520 soon since the heat sink is easier to access and his needs it more than mine does. I recommend the spread method fyi. For mobile CPU's, I guess full thermal paste coverage is preferred.
Word of advice: TAKE A FUCKING PICTURE OF THE WIRES BEFORE YOU TAKE IT APART JESUS CHRIST. If you don't put them back in right, then you have a lot of excess wiring and it is messy. Just trust me.
MXM GPU?
What's the consensus on the 11e?
how different are the x220 and x220t?
One is a convertible tablet, the other isn't.
thanks /tpg/
Looks retardedly easyBut it would kill compatibility with the other thinkpad chargers
Nothing much more a backup laptop.Yea, Nvidia Quadro FX 1600M with 512MB
You better do it! That's a great deal.
What would be a good ThinkPad that I could use for programming and educating myself with? Also, I plan to install Linux on there don't know which one yet. That's the point of this laptop.
T60
How are the new 11e series Thinkpads?
Any of them. They all work.
They're super portable and quite useful, especially the Yoga 11e. It's probably not worth buying new when you're not a businessman.
I'm looking for a new laptop, for portable office applications excel, outlook, chrome browsing & general programming following IT studies.What is /g/'s opinion on following laptop, bought refurbished?- T420s- i5 2540m- 4GB ram DDR 3- 130 SSDthis would cost me € 400. I'll add in an extra 4GB ram and maybe a new SSD.My plan is to use this as main workstation, with a docking station I'll enjoy a better screen when at home.My main concern is the battery life though.So /g/, is this build still powerful enough for current standards? Can I somehow get better battery life?
T60, T61, X60, X61, X200, T400, X201, T410Any of those will likely be cheap enough to be considered a "throwaway" for learning purposes.
If I'm using an x61s now, what would be the next logical upgrade, a x220? The x61s is fine for most things, but javascript loaded pages are starting to take a toll on it.
Buy the one I am selling for $370Much better than the X130, not as powerful as the X230.Although the keyboard is chicklet, its not that bad. It shares the keyboard layout from the X130 and what sucks about that machine is that the keyboard is moved slightly closer to you which gives you a smaller palmrest, awkward to type on.If this had a trackpoint, it would of been an awesome fucking laptop, but the touchpad is kinda awkward, but at least its not a fuckfest like the T440.
How about the build quality/keyboard?
The keyboard types very well, just like every Lenovo keyboard. The build quality is fine. Lenovo has significant experience in delivering laptops to high school students and they've learned a few things about this experience.
Price checkX220 tableti7 2640m8gb320gb hdd9 cell325$I know the i7 doesn't offer much performance over the i5 but that usb3 port is tempting. Would futureproof it that much more. I have a t520 that I'll swll
Doesn't the i7 have cooling issues?
Does it? I also figures the igpu would play civ4 better than my t520 i5.
For laptops yes. Honestly for that price I'd get it anyway so I don't have to get RAM or a better battery. My X220 wasn't as highly specced and due to the jewish 2nd hand market of my country I had to overpay a bit [spoiler]and it doesn't even have the IPS screen[/spoiler]
i got a x200 tablet and when i turn the system off the battery indicator led still lit up.  Is there a way to fix this instead of pulling the battery and shove it back in to turn it off?  help please anons.
Do you guys think that the latest thinkpads with the old keyboard big delete key, blue enter, etc.. will become cheaper and cheaper or will they become a "museum" thing and become expensive instead?
As long as hipsters don't suddenly start liking thinkpads, they'll probably steadily get cheaper.
Just bought T420S and I'm loving it. I'd like to try Linux, is it possible to dual boot Windows 7 and Ubuntu?
/g/sqt/Yes.  Boot to Ubuntu CD/DVD and during the install it will detect your Windows installation and install the GRUB bootloader, which means you'll have a choice during boot which OS you want to load.  Ubuntu will probably be the default, so use google-fu to edit GRUB to change that if it annoys you.  It's not hard.Select steak, nigga.
Just finished doing a carbon fiber di-noc wrap on my t420, took fucking forever

gay!
those flowers are blue
My wife chose the tablecloth, apologies if it offends you. I hate it too.
, 
, 
, 
, 
What is the site that complies information found of people based on their name?


pic relatedAndrew Jones has done it again with a new low cost, kilobuck-slayer speaker lineups!
Why would you make this thread when one already exists?
firefoxquick find"Speaker..."zero results
It's dead now, just dropped off the last page.Don't bother making speaker threads, /g/ is too poor to afford speakers and their living conditions living with parents and/or living in apartments won't allow for it.
Well since there is already a thread here, I have a question.I currently have a pair of Fluance sx6's along with a Lepai2020 amp. Would upgrading to like a 50w or 100W T-Amp do anything? I listen to my speakers more on the moderate to low volume levels and apparently speakers can distort at low volumes as well.
Best bookshelf speakers under 600 ?My option for nowKef Q300BBowers & Wilkins 686klipsch RP-160MAcoustic Energy 301I want great high and mids I left the bass for the sub
That explains why the hpg is so successful and why have so much funpostingMfw I can blast my chinese cartoons at high volume in home
mfw $200 5.0 setupmfwmf is too poor to have a visible face
How bad, or good it is ?My 500 5.1 sounds very good for the price
I was thinking about the Presonus Sceptre S8 for studio monitors. I don't think there's anything better for the price about $1500 for a pair. Limited bass under about 60 Hz, though.
I'm satisfied, but it's my first system so I'm not really the best judge. I grabbed the Fluance AVHTB for $200 and paired them up with a BIC F12. My poor neighbors must hate me when I'm blasting movies and chinese cartoons all over the neighborhood.
Audioengine A2+S-should I?
no overpriced for what you get
I wish these weren't $5000 a pair.
too poorYet they build $2000 machines and buy HD800 headphones.
Houses cost a lot more than 2000 dollars, also, they probably saved up for a year for that.
total garbage, rolls off at 120hz, TRASH.spending 5000 dollars on a pair of bookshelf speakersWhy.You could make an entire setup with custom speakers and custom subwoofers, and all the tools to do so for less.Also, they would perform better.
Boo, well, what'cha recommend?
Why.because they're studio monitors that perform extremely well
Except with a pair of fusion-12s or fusion-15s + custom sub you could be flat from 10-20000khz at 120dB for less fucking money.
Not all people like to build things
20khz* :^pay to have them built, it would still cost less kek.
are the klipsch rb-51 best for the pricerange or is there  better? $249
bass extension isn't the goal; that's easyflat on-axis frequency response isn't that difficult eitherfor high end speakers the focus is also on low distortion, low compression, tight time domain response and good off-axis response; that's considerably more difficulthome theater shit or whatever might have bass down to some arbitrary specification, but it probably fails in other regards, and thus isn't suitable for music production
low distortion, low compression, tight time domain responseAll superior on a properly designed horn systemtheater shit" is a pretty wide covering derogatory term there buddy. These speakers are high efficiency, low distortion, have good off-axis and are EXTREMELY dynamic.Apply XT32 and do some room treatment, add a nice sub and you have fucking perfection.
Weekend /g/ has good speaker threads. Basically when people with jobs are on
those are pretty crap, no bass and meh tier highs.
All superior on a properly designed horn systemthose come with their own problems nonlinearities at high levels, and anyway the main contributor to poor time domain response is a ported cabinetwhat you're describing is fine for home listening but not what I'm looking for
387.00Thats very cheap for perfectionWell, how much I have to spend with quality construcción included because my soft hand dont like to use heavy tools to get perfect sound ?
I got some. With a subwoofer they're great. I use mine without my subwoofers because it's just a damn bedroom.
I had a pair of RB 61-II and they sound like shit on current age receivers.  Hooked it up to a Marantz 2270 and I could finally listen to music for longer than 20 minutes before the sound annoyed the piss out of me.  Too tinny otherwise.
You don't even need tools, buy the flatpack all the cabinet pieces pre-cut and glue them together with wood glue.You'll need a screwdriver to screw the drivers into the cabinets and some sandpaper and paint to make them look nice.
85db efficiencylel
Thanks guys im going to pass on them then.I already have a decent sub and reciever... what would you all recommend for 300 or under? Mind you this is for a bedroom.
I wish I could find some floorstanding stereo speakers instead of those tower speakers Best Buy sells.
Wavecrest HVL-1
If you feel like making some this kit is p much the best shit you can get for the moneymeasure good as fuck.If not you can buy andrew jones pioneer floorstanders or some shit.Also, check craigslist for used shit you can get a good deal.
I would recommend the Fluance Sx6's. Only $130 and sometimes go on sale for less and sound great. I just bought a pair of Powered Micca b42xs because apparently they were so good. They sound like ass and the fluance wipes the floor with them.
miccafluanceOh god whyJust get headphones if you're that poor
I have some DT 880s.
beyersNice.
So Ive had some Klipsch KB-15s running off a Lepai amp for like 2 years and I finally decided I want to upgrade my amp a bit.Any recommendations for an amp ~$100?
nice. I'll be getting those most likely.
Bretty gud
take this trash to /hpg/
meme bookshelf
pls, I'm the only one in speakersquadron who is even pushing the limits anymore.
where the fuck do you even get this money from you've been unemployed since 2006
I find it ironic that this trend also mirrors the real life. Home audio has been in a lull lately while personal audio seems to be getting bigger and bigger.
85db was intended skip to 04:15
You can get these for half off on Black Friday and they sound thousands of times better.
Is that a BS22 you got there?impressions?why is it not standing upright?
low efficiency is intended
Sorry but they can't be meme speakers. They aren't popular enough unlike audio engine ect.
FUUUUUK!!!I got klipsch speakersthe grey ones not gold and I wish we got the towers. I still like them tho.
at least watch the video and hear him out...
Pretty sure everyone and their mother recommends that bright and tinny piece of shit now.
WELCOME TO KLIPSCH TOWERS, PLEASE ENJOY YOUR STAY
oops, intended for 
dude don't you have Best Buy Magnolia shops to test out speakers?The Magnolia Home Theater section in select Best Buy stores carry boutique speaker brands and you can test them there...
Nope.
Klipsch master race
best buy lol mexicoThis is the best they have want 600 dollars for a 150 dollars speakers
What about the klipsch RP-160M ?
I enjoy them. Currently with a BIC PL-200 sub
I wonder how these would compare to my Cambridge Audio S30
left my tripcode on the booth at CES :^
Better for music than home theatre. I've heard reference, premiere, and II. Best all round is reference regular.
Dali Zensor 3
Anything good that will connect through bluetooth?Might get the Grace Digital GDI-BTSP201 wirecutter recomends
best pair monitor setup for $100-150?looking at the monoprice 5 inchesi like the boxy, plain black ones.
okay at the risk of having all you guys shit on me, im going to ask this question anyways... I don't know anything about speakers.  I have an iphone with some music on it, and a laptop not a mac with music on it.  I wish to play music in my room at a considerably loud volume.  What should I do, what is the best thing for me to buy?  Should i get a sound bar?  Or some speakers that can connect via bluetooth to my phone?  I'm looking to spend around $200-250 total.  This is my first time ever on /g/.
tfw you buy used bookshelf speakers from goodwill for $10/pair that retails for ~$250-300same with amplifier that retails for $1000
used bookself speakers from local thriftstores/craigslistpair those speakers with similarly used amplifier/receiver and you'll be set for sexy sound and spending $50 max total.
bookshelf speakersloudNope, doesn't work that way, sorry.Get floorstanders, small speakers=small sound.
what does the amp/reciever do?  Im assuming need that to connect to my laptop?  What about playing music from my phone?  Are there any that can play all my music wirelessly, through wifi or bluetooth?
Receiver amplifies the signal so it's powerful enough to make music come out of your speakers.You can either connect the receiver to your laptop via a 3.5mm to rca adapter like pictured or use a bluetooth adapter.
RCA splitters shouldn't make a noticeable reduction in SQ right?Or would it be better to buy a switchbox/abx
I have 2 ca s30n's and a b and w asw608 I was thinking og getting another set of s30's and stacking them on my excisting ones is this a wise move
Turning some car speakers into bookshelf speakers, is there an equation to work out the size of the box and the size of the hole?
women and fags.

I'm not bothered by their inability to afford speakers, but that they think headphones actually sound better. It's one thing to buy a cheap headphone for one or two hundred dollars, but then some of the obsessed will start pouring thousands into headphones, but no speakers.Two channel hi-fi has its head up its own ass, but I thought home theater was doing fine.
but that they think headphones actually sound betterBA based IEMs provide the best quality for the dollar, imo. Can't use them at my leisure, attentionwhoring cats chew cords.
I need a setup that I'd be able to use in house parties, and as well as for general usage.£300 budget, what do?
There's those JBL LSR305 that are all the rage lately, and they do sound good. A bit short in extension as expected from a small woofer.Some nice cheap single and dual drivers sure.
pouring thousands into headphonesA lot of younger millennials probably had their first "real" listening experience through headphones perhaps gaming headphones? and have become so used to that "head stage" presentation, speakers sound wrong to them.Just like headphones sound wrong to me, no matter what DSP and crossfade voodoo you run through them to try and give them a sound-stage larger than a foot wide and deep. They've also bought into the meme that 200.00 headphones perform equally as well as 5-10K speakers, which is measurably false.
Thinking about saving up for these. From Philharmonic Audio, founded by a former partner of Salk Audio. They use the RAAL ribbon tweeter and Scanspeak drivers, which I've read good things about. Price isn't insane, either, at 3300.00 a pair.
B&W 685
I heard:The Kefs were good but could be shrill and mechanical sounding at times.The 686 s2s are superior, but they don't always produce loud music.The Klipshs are very loud, but not that refined.  LIKE SOMEONE YELLING ALL THE TIME.Acoustic Energy - dunno.
Crossfeed can't do that, just make the stereo separation easier to live with. But they also affect the FR, which needs to be corrected for.I don't get how that started. Is it from how there is no room reverb, or how closed sets can win in absolute bass extension?They have the same reflections nut shifted higher up because they are smaller. The cancellation from the fundamental in the closed headphones screws up the bass level just like with rooms, and unlike speakers, there is less room to treat and solve the problem.RAALs are top flight ribbons. I hear more about Scanspeak for about their mids and tweeters, but maybe I'm just not looking in the right places.
is thonet and vander worth to buy?
pretty shitty design on the outside
ctrl-f "equator"zero resultsi thought /g/ had taste
bump
Is it just me, or are these nothing more than overpriced inferior rip offs of Floyd Toole designs from various Harman brands?
lol
I like them
Shit, they're the BX8 D2s
what's so funny? they're excellent speakers
jbl lsr308 pairshould i?  i just want a sub$400 end all setup.  no receivers or dacs or whatever.   already made that mistake in /hpg/
Genelec M040 pair here. Good stuff.
I ordered a pair of audio pro t12. Did I do something stupid? Can I get a beter sound for $230?
/hpg/ told you to get some amps and DACs for teeny little headphones?They're good.
m-audioevertheir entry stuff is trash and their higher tier shit is overshadowed by better speakers
if the amp/dac you got for your headphones has a preamp lineout you can just connect the jbls to that to adjust their volume because fuck reaching around
JBL is the true master raceKlipsch is overpriced shit
furry pls
How do these compare to other monitors in the price range?
Focal 706V
apparently the are the best
Best studio monitors for under $5,000?
adam a8x for nearfield
LSR705i is as good as it gets
no..
 M-Audio AV 40 First set of monitorsShould I go for them?
👌

Neumann KH 310 was great with good measures, but I haven't had the ability to compare with the other near priced 3 ways.
Go up to either the BX5 D2 or the Monoprice equivalent. You won't regret it.
M-Audio AV 40yes, I have them as well
Doesn't make them good
I have them and in my opinion, they're good
And your experience with other speakers/monitors is?Let me guess it's your first set too
8=✊=D💦👅
Time for some Audio Woo:sure to put your power strip on metal feet. It'll open up the soundstage.
I remember when i put spikes on my power amp and the sound quality was almost doubled! Worth the $700 investment
implying I don't use both
Maybe some gains if it were a tube amp, but not 700 dollars of gains.
Fucking stupid EXIF rotation compatibility issues.
pair of Polk Monitor 4 from the early 90's, bought used for $30Polk PSW10 sub I got on boxing day for $50friend gave me a Denon AVR-688 because it was broken, had it repaired for $40I keep telling myself I'm going to spend money on a proper home theater system, but I never do.
I would love to listen to some death grips on that.But that would destroy your whole house
The best death grips song on them so far is stockton off nldw, I didn't even know that bass was there, it's really fucking low.
The is bass on Fuck Whos Watching thats down to 20hz and would blow most sound systems, I wonder if yours could even reach that low
I've heard a $200 speaker setup will beat a $400 pair of headphones, is that actually the case or it it total bullshitI'm talking in terms of the experience, not clarity or accuracy
I like your setup anon
headphones are always a compromise. humans like to perceive sound in an environment that has the auditory cues we're used to. the phase interaction of sound waves as they bounce around the room contributes to the way we perceive sound. you don't get that sort of psycho-acoustic reaction with headphones.
Tuned to 16hz breh
Got a camera? Can you post a webm of the excursion? I'll suck your dogy dick
When I get home, out eating.
actually posting this on facebook for all 0 of your friends to seeadorable
Posting what?
If you're happy with them, you're happy with them.  THe thing with audio is that you're happy with what you got, then you upgrade, and you're happy with that, and suddenly trying to go back to the previous system would be akin to scratching a chalkboard.
Enjoy your 85db efficiency.
JBL are actually efficient in general, they use ported cabinets in basically every speaker.I can't think of a sealed JBL speaker off the top of my head.
I've got a pair and I like them a lot.   Also running a sub and D1 dac.

Polk Audio rti a9What does /g/ think?
Howd i fucking do
I think I gonna buy the Kefs I really like the size and design but I need to read more about the 686Reviews says that they are not the best for the priceWhich are the best sites for reviews ? What Hifi seems to like EVERYTHING
Looks cheap
Theyre 750 a piece faggot
Do I have to spend too much for a good speaker? I'm looking for a good pair, plus an amp for my turntable it's currently plugged into a single active speaker I had around the house.
$$ != quality
Model ?Maybe the photo makes them look cheap
Youre dumb as fuck for saying quality. That can mean sound quality and aesthetic quality when it comes to speakers. maybe they look cheap since the picture quality is shit but if you meant theyre overall shit quality youre beyond fucking stupid about the topic youre trying to argue since you dont even know about genelecs
Have fun trying to listen to binaural audio with your "suprior" speakers
Here ya goare 2 of these, about to make 2 more, need my walls to crack.
Genelec 1029aTheyre 7 year old speakers so thats why they look like that but they dont even look cheap at all in person. They look a little old but they look real well made and theyre heavy as fuck.  Got em for free from my uncle
they really are hideous
binaural audioCheap imitation. It has a "cool factor" to it, but that wears off quick. There's also zero binaural contentWhat I hate about /g/ is that there is always an excluded middle. Why not Speakers AND Headphones? You wouldn't use speakers on a bus and have a party with headphones
genelecs suck just admit it
Why not both?That's why I made this comment to show they don't even share the same usesHeadphones are for public, 3d audio asmr, gaymen and binauralSpeakers on the other hand excell loud music like concerts or speeches or anything loud in general and maybe even with better quality overall
Ill weep for you as my eardrums are massaged and  surrounded by beautiful tunes of yesteryear played in the most lively, extravagant, impeccable way possible through only the best speakers money can buy Good living my disadvantaged internet friend
Dont bully
I already weep for you as you waste money on shitty audio equipment
at 90db because any louder and they clip and distort, also, 60hz rolloff
I got them for free lmao
Is this a good moment to buy an AVR ? Or is better to wait till DTS XVarious AVR already have dolby atmos but I don't know if all of them gonna get update to DTS XFor example this Pioneer very good for the priceHDMI 2.0100 watts per channelDolby atmos2 Subs
6 pieces of woodsome speakerssome wiringsome bafflingsome gluesome screwsinsane fucking pricing on $40 worth of hardwareI don't fucking thing so, bub
You're right, that's why you build your own for $40.
yep
brightProbably a matter of preference. I tend to like equipment that is a bit on the bright side because it sounds nice with what I listen to most often.
How's my 2.1 /g/teac ls h265Bic Amerikuh F12SMSL SA50AE D1
Fun fact: I had already tested a lot of Synergy and ReferenceKlipsch Synergy series are better than any Reference. They are more dynamic, the sound quality is better and they are cheaper because they are made in China and idiotphiles don't like that.
And binaural audio soundstaging is still weak compared to speakers. You can also supposedly get binaural effect with an ambiophonic setup, though I haven't tried it.
Wait till' DTS XThough a lot of current AVR's are supposed to support DTS X in the future through firmware updates
implying dts x and dolby atmos arn't pure usless shit
This is true, don't even bother with that shit you'll never use it.DO get a receiver with XT32 though, that shit is maxcash.
Thank you cummy paws
Opinions on these? I have them and they seem to be alright for the lowish price.
can anyone name me other speakers that are as well engineered as Andrew Jones speakers for under ~$200/pair?
New speakers meh, you need a good budget to get good shit new.Used or DIY you can get some pretty killer shit for nothing though, it's all in how hard you look and how patient you are.
Am I getting this wrong or are the ENTRY level speaker amps all starting at $400 australian dollars?That sounds insane. Are powered speakers all that bad?
import a t-amp, don't get topping
don't get toppingWhy not?
because they're overpriced for what they offer, smsl are superior and better priced
Looking at both amps on amazon the price difference isn't even that much, like 20-30 dollars between the two brands on most models.
except you don't run into this kind of crap with the smsl in my opnion at least, smsls look nicer, the toppings tend to be unnecessarily bulky
My cats certainly like them
lol this guy is retarded, he did no actual measurements, and he has no idea how the amps even work.all they do it put resistors on the output for the headphone jackThat's fucking wrong though, you can't use a T-amp like this to power headphones, the chip has 4 outputs which get bridged to two, headphones have a common ground, trying to power headphones with a bridged amp is like trying to bridge an already bridged amp, which you cannot do.This is garbage mate, G A R B A G E.
either way, $20-30 between the brands is still a solid saving considering the price points of their products, especially if that means you can spend a little extra on your speakers
IMHO, $20 is fucking nothing when it comes to this kind of purchase.
If you budget is so fucked that you can't manage 20 dollars don't buy speakers, seriously.
spending $20 more on the same or worse productwhy tho
worse according to some guy who has no fucking clue what the fuck he's talking aboutwhy tho
that was just an example. toppings or indeeds certainly wouldn't be better than smsls or arguably even lepais
So... are you just gonna talk shit or are you gonna post measurements to back up your claims?
good luck finding measurements for those. are you trying to imply they are better? they're all fucking chink tripath amps, just go for the cheaper ones
They are all separate designs and as such all have different performance and downfalls.The lepai has a really bad design on the volume pot for example.Also very shoddy quality control, heat sink doesn't even touch the tripath chip on half of them.I have 2 lepais and the second one I got, I had to take it apart and clean it because a metal shaving was on the fucking circuit board causing it to ground out to the case.Components are so shit you'll be lucky if the volume pot lasts a year as well.
They are good amps for fucking around with but if you want something nice avoid them, get either a nicer class d amp or just get a real receiver.I don't recommend lepais or any low power class d amps unless you have a set of efficient speakers as well, with typical bookshelf speakers it just wont cut it.
fuck analog pots
Who /trashpicking/ here?I found a pair of these in the trash in pretty good condition. They sound fucking amazing with a bit of EQ.
I see so many technics up for sale for like $10 a pair, honestly can't see them being worth even that
ok what are some decent used ones?
impossible to say, I'd have to either look at your local craigslist or be with you at garage sales or thrift shops.You can look for speakers and if you find anything that looks promising just google the model, what "promising" is, is kinda hard to describe to somebody who has no experience in audio though.
lekthose sound horrible
paired with isoacoustic memestands too
9/11
bst memebros unite
Your memeposting is obnoxious.
as are your meme speakers
Is it worth investing in a good/better sub?I put together a home theater system based around the Magnat Vector 207, but I still use the subwoofer of my old system which was a Teufel Concept G.It's a 25cm sub and it does its job pretty well. Not that I actually knew a difference compared to a better model, but I don't see any reason to complain at all. I just need some more warmth and punch below 100hz and it seems to do that very well. It's not like there's some critical layer of detail to be missed at these frequencies, right? Loudness does not seem to be a problem either. Here's my problem: I could sell my old system for 150€ tops, but a new sub would probably cost me around 300€.So I have a hard time bringing myself to replacing it. I'd spend money just to get to where I have already been, and I'd lose a perfectly good fallback sound system in the process, which I could set up in the sleeping room or something.What's your experience? Do I need a new sub or should I just keep my old one?
is that video at computex?
Shit taste, kill yourself.
Mfw I can blast my chinese cartoons at high volume in homedisrupting your neighbors with your shitty animeS
it's called envy
i'd get some b&w floorstander speakers if i were you, the punch hits from top to bottom
Already have the Magnats. And I guess at ~350€/pair, they're in a different league than what you have in mind, at least financially.They used to go for 600+, but that was years ago and they were a great value even then.I love them, but they can use some extra bass as it falls off noticeably below 100hz.
MartinLogan ElectroMotion ESL 8"  vsB&W CM9 S2If I can get them for the same price? I'll be adding a sub in there as well. Probably the 700W ML with the electrostats, not sure about B&W.
170€ per speaker of actual worth lol....i still say that you should upgrade your speakers.. they do 70% of your bass response when paired with a subwoofer. the sub just gives the oomph
Better than your shitty anime trash that you love to listen to. You are the one with shitty taste my friend
....which is why I was asking if it's even worth getting another sub.I had no intention to make it about my speakers. 170€ per speaker of actual worth lolThey were practically a clearance sale and a steal for how they perform. If you're measuring speakers purely on how much you're able to spend on them then I'm not sure we're compatible on this subject.
It's not like there's some critical layer of detail to be missed at these frequencies, right?If you listen to a lot of bass heavy music Hip-Hop, Electronic, Pipe Organ, there can be. Accurate, deep bass is the hardest element to reproduce in recorded music, and "audiophiles" have been known to pay through the nose for great bass response. Great bass really can bring more life to every part of the recording. "If it's worth it," is only a question you can answer. But it does sound like you're not completely satisfied and want your system needs to go lower.Looks like you're in Germany.If you can stretch your budget, I recommend this:
handing over your Deutschmarks to the aural JewThought you knew better, Heinrich
sealed
I don't think that's SVS curve
That's ANY sub curve, ported will extend lower and have higher SPL.Enter the TS specs of any woofer into winISD, calculate the box tuning and such, and you'll see an image similar to this.Sealed is not a good idea if home theater is what he has in mind, he'd need 8 of those subs to match 2 ported ones, and the extension would be shit.
You're correct. I assumed he had music listening in mind and wanted deep, tight, and fast bass.
Here's ported version:
deepjust showed that sealed does not go deepOK.SVS does make a nice ported sub though I'd always recommend you do DIY if you can as you'll get much more sound for the money.
So why do people recommend sealed subs for smaller/lower cost setups then? Aren't ported subs usually cheaper as well?
People recommend sealed subs because people are dumb.That's pretty much it.

Probably because the box is too fucking small.Companies are scared to make big boxes because nobody will buy a 10-15cu ft monster for their living room.
Factoring in room gain, the SB-1000 can go deep and remain at a consistent SPL until it rolls off.
So for pretty much every normal setup outside of subwoofers the size of a wall, the sealed is better. Thanks for helping out.
Flat bass is not good, it needs to be boosted on the very low end, esp for movies.Sealed subs don't have near the SPL of a ported, you'll run out of headroom so fast.If you never want to reach reference levels, then I guess that's fine.If you want a true home theater experience at reference or better, you need to have big boxes and big speakers.That's all there is to it.
Room size. Footprint. And in many cases, a sealed sub in a lower price range will sound better music playback than its ported counterpart.
Put some sheets on and wash that blanket.
Not my house, I don't even own a bed :^
If you want a true home theater experience at reference or betterAgreed. Porteds have a bigger and meatier sound, and the more expensive ones can be just as accurate and tight as their sealed counterparts for music playing. But at the mid-fi consumer level, I think sealeds might offer better performance for music than ported at the same price point.  My vintage Acoustic Research speakers 12" woofer, acoustic suspension design kill my ported sub Mirage with regards to accuracy, speed and tightness. My room dictates that I have the speakers 5 feet away from the wall, so I don't get room gain, which is why I have the sub to round the speakers out. And I'm not opposed to a little boominess, but I could see a retentive audiophile throwing the sub to the curb.
thanksreused usb dac/amp, fiio e17, got the line out docklurked craigslist for the best, 2.1 capable, sub-$100 receivergot a DIYSG waveguide kitused up a giftcard on a PSW505amps rated for 110w@8ohm RMS and so far I've only gone to 60/80 on its dial, which was pretty loud, would not go above that unless I was outside and behind them... suggested power being 10-200w on the speakers. I'll look into a different sub when my situation changes.
Is that a La Scala sitting back there?
Klipschorn
Nice.
considering what I had before, its like driving 15 year old clunker and suddenly switching for brand new audi or bmw
Why aren't you using a Nexus Player, /g/?$80 retail $70 on AmazonSling TV/HBOGoogle Play Musicis also a ChromecastTV guidecompatible with HDHomeRunXBMC on homescreensideload-friendly, including emulatorsupcoming USB mass storage updateBest set-top box ever. If you bought the Chromecast and liked it, buy this too.
They dont sell it in Europe.
Holy shit OP, I didn't know about thisdo want
if i wanted an android TV player, I'd being going Nvidia shield to get something that doesn't actually suck.I don't anyway, between this the nexus q and google tv I'm not super concerned with what crappy media thing google is putting out aside from maybe a chrome cast 2.
apel tivi is cheaper
I have a fireTV which is cheaper and does the same thing. Plus it has and a real NIC, not just wirelessIt also has miracast as well as all the Amazon prime services.
I've already got a Mac Mini, does the shit this thing can and runs a real OS.
, 
, 
, 
What do you guys use for PCB design?
My clients are designing the PCBs :^In all honesty, you can do pretty well with Eagle or KiCAD.
Your mom's pussy LOL
diptrace
g is a consumer board, they dont know shit about technology. go to DIY where engineers actually haang out
kicad
i always use universal ones. Enough for my hobbyistic needs, especially this uC-optimized ones like on picture.also, this thread dosen't belong here. call us if you'll want to talk about smartphones or superiority of one OS over another
technology nudges humans into innovating and altering social convention and social organization into ways that same technology can thrive.tl;dr we're cucked
used to get great signal everywhere, even moms basement install android lollipop like everyone says to dosignal fucking sinks like a bricknow I can only get signal I'm two specific spots outside, fucking forget taking calls inside my own houseThanks /g/
He fell for the lollipop meme
How do I fix it pls
, 
What's up with the Samsung 850 EVO?  Prices seem to be dropping like a rock, and seem to be dropping faster and further than almost any other drives.I have an 840 EVO and it's a piece of shit.  Not only the data-refresh bug, but my write IOPS dropped severely, from around 40k down to 14k tops.So, I really want to jump to a newer, 500 GB or 1TB SSD.  I swore off Samsung, but damned if they're not enticing me really hard right now.
Dunno.Most likely- production ramped up. Samsung might just be making so many that they have to shift them.
Not only the data-refresh bug, but my write IOPS dropped severelyIs that bug still not fixed?
I got a 500GB one for 97dollarsthe other day :3 feels good
97dollarsthehow? unless you meant with a gift card or some such
Where did you get a 500GB for $97?
buggy TLC$20 above crucial bx100I think large litography might have dodge the TLC charge losing problems, but still...  uncertaintycrucial still the way to go, reliable, fast as hell
data corruption on sudden power outagekek, I hope you have a UPS that shuts your computer down
250GB evo costs $118 on neweggso poorfag got some lucky deal or something
They have a new line of drives coming out.I forget the specifics since I don't really pay much attention to NAND fabrication news, but I believe the current 850 line is either 40nm or 42nm with 32 layer stacks.Their next line with be something like 40, or 48 layer stacks to further increase density.
For those that wanted proof that the XPS 13 is the ultrabook of the year.
that scalingultrabook of the year alright
can't even rotate an image properlynot waiting on the 15"
it doesnt even come with windows 10
Looking for a clean crack for Windows 7, want to upgrade to Windows 10. Any ideas?
I thought they weren't going to update pirated versions.
Looking clean crack for Windows 7update to Windows 10Why not looking for clean crack of windows 10?
because free upgrade?
cracked 7 will likely only upgrade to a non-genuine version of 10, just wait for RTM and pirate 10
FreeNo Licensekek
tfw Dreamspark + university stafftfw 4 windows 7 pro licensestfw 4 windows 7 enterprise licensestfw 4 windows 8 pro licensestfw 4 windows 8 enterprise licensestfw 4 windows 8.1 pro licensestfw 4 windows 8.1 enterprise licenes they legitimately gave new licenses for 8.1 even though you can upgrade 8 for freetfw probably 4 windows 10 pro licensestfw probably 4 windows 10 enterprise licensesso I can freely upgrade all of them to windows 10?
so I can freely upgrade all of them to windows 10?I'm wondering this too. But they announced an "Education" variant probably just like Win10 Pro, I hope they don't let those serial keys actually expire or something.
So, you want to say that there is no way to pirate w7 proper way?
Maybe share one license?
yes, probably
enterprise isn't eligible for the upgrade.
to add to that, using Enterprise on a computer only works as long as you are in the uni network at least every few months so it stays activated
get your iso here and check it with microsoftit from here
Microsoft is not stupid. She will not give you Windows 10 for free just because you're using it with DAZloader
Microsoft isn't stupidevery version of windows so far could be pirated for free
he doesn't know about SLIC/SLPAre you saying Microsoft isn't going to give OEM users free upgrades?
Exactly the opposite, they will enable all pirates all get w10 because they realized revenue is created by dominating the market, not by forcing people to buy your product. You get free w10 but they'll invent shiutload of services that you'll have to pay
Which one do I choose?
bottom one
Yeah, but you need to have a legit license to update to w10 through the program you fucking retard. Just download the w10 preview iso.
top one
What's the difference?
Is it summer already?
tfw uniFeels fucking good.
0/10everyone managed to upgrade, not a single pirate failed the verification
just google for a free windows key and you'll find one quickly. You can try some of these :
google "free windows 10 driver license"click "im feeling lucky"download and enjoy ;^
N Edition doesnt have the media payer or something, look it up
n has less bloat
Windows Media Player is Deadthanks God
it didn't keep the query, so just type windows 7 oem in the search box
I never used the Enterprise licenses because I never saw the need for it, but apparently you can actually activate the VL using a Uni VPN and then you're good to go, even outside the Uni network.
Where are the md5's for the isos?
Basically it's like a scraped version of windows where I choose my own programs from a list?
Install Windows 7 + CrackUpdate to Windows 10Can't Activate Windows 10. There's no License.Look for crack in 4chankek
no it's exactly the same procedure, it just doesn't have that software
0/10
wait and you'll see it
Many people using Daz cracked windows 7 could get a discount for windows 8 because their versions were activated. Daz users are pretty much guaranteed to upgrade to an activated win 10 because they are undistinguishable from legit users. I don't know what will happen to windows 8/8.1 kms users.
Op here, thanks to  , found what I looked for. to all the other faggots here have fun shitposting.

Does it work with GPT partitions already?
no download link on forum, requires clicking thanks, no thanks button anywherecba to registergoogle for windows loader...'participate in this offering to download''this donwload is only for registered members'...often antivirus blocks the download straight awaythe md5 sums never matchDo people seriously fall for this shit? No wonder all kind of malware is so prevalent.
Is this mirror legit?How would I check?
Windows isn't even that expensive. Why would you risk fucking all your shit up to save a bit of cash on your operating system? If you're that desperate for a free OS just use GNU also referred to as Linux, or Freeas in freedomBSD.
They do, but they will still be considered pirated, which is only a problem if you have those in your company.Home computers can run pirated Windows any day, no one got fined for that yet.
Dude, any version will doOn one PC with a pirated version from tpb I got the update as well.
They said clearly that non-genuine licenses will stay non-genuine.If it works now it will work after the update.
In militaryCAC can activate windowsLol
 clean cracked You must choose
worked for me, it took like 15 minutes.
They said clearly that non-genuine licenses will stay non-genuine.All those slic loaders use volume licenses. If they deem them not authentic, they'll bar a ton of legitimate users from their license.
she
how do people still use daz over ms toolkit?
Because for Win7 you only have to apply it ONCE.
Go on ebay and look for a sticker on a laptop.What I did.

md5sums or sha1 sumsBasically follow this:
Which internet service provider has truly reliable unlimited fibre optic broadband in the UK? If any.
None, because you are a meme posting faggot
General concensus tends to be that if you'reIn a cityVirginOutskirts of a city BTLarge townBTSmall townTalkTalkCountrysideFuck fiber, you're better off with satellite.
TalkTalk. not even once.
Just make sure they aren't gagged and bound by the high court so you have to endure the nuisance of finding a proxy, wasting 2 whole seconds of your life.
I use Sky Fibre Pro 76Mb and I download on average about 2TB a month in torrents. I run my torrent program 24/7 and I've had sky fibre pro for roughly 2 years now.I've never had a problem.
Small town in the middle of butt-fuck-nowhere Wales. TalkTalk offer literally the best fibre for 20 miles.
Keep in mind 90% are still FTTC rather than FTTHAlso if you are thinking about BT, plusnet is also a good choice
The problem with a lot of the fibre providers is that they tend to throttle downloads more specifically torrents
Define "Fiber Optic"? The best you'll get from a consumer ISP is FTTC.90%That's being generous. The only true FTTH I'm aware of is to purchase a point-to-point virtual ethernet circuit from OpenReach or Virgin and have them literally haul fiber into your premises & terminate it.
Sky is the only Fibre FTTC provider that doesn't throttle.
I switched from Virgin to BT Infinity2.Virgin throttle the FUCK out of anything; you'd be lucky to see 1Mb/s down on a torrent.BT don't seem to care; 5-6MB/s down on a single torrent, with a couple running at the same time, seems perfectly normal.Of course it could also just be Virgins ancient, creaking, twine-and-tin-cans network.
Handsdown has to be BT, if you have a problem they have a better SLA with BT Openreach to get stuff resolved.
Yeah, but i do know of a number of apartment building and certain neighbour hoods where OpenReach is beginning to run fibre up and down roads and people can jump on to trial FTTH/P
Which internet service provider has truly reliableVirgin media. Currently having 152Mb/s down with them and works as advertisedunlimited fibre optic broadbandWell, there are no limits but if you download too much, they will throttle you down between 5pm-12 midnight to half the speed. 76Mb/s is still pretty decent through.Anyway, they seem to be the only choice, at least in Northern Ireland.
Virgin, 152mb master race!
plusnet is also a good choice'no'Avoid them like the plague. Random offline for hours once was without internet for a week, sometimes over a day at a time affecting much of the South-East. Shitty website interface, shitty router, forums are "community driven" so you get people who don't know what they're talking about making problems worse instead of actual tech support, who are impossible to. Blatant throttling, promised speeds that mysteriously degrade with time and if you ask for it to be looked at they imply an engineer visit which if it "turns out to be on your end", you get charged for.
Yeah and there's like, half a village where BT as testing G.Fast, but it's still a tiny number of people who can get it.True consumer FTTH is a long, long way off yet.
This. Plusnet are just an OpenReach DSL white label reseller, anyway. There's thousands of 'em out there.
BT. I've been with BeThere and Virgin and both caused me problems. BT has been flawless.
moving out of city to a small townno virgin media availablewill have to go from my current 152Mb/s virgin to 78Mb/s BT Infinity.Does BT even get the speeds they advertise? Also, do they throttle much?
Does BT even get the speeds they advertise?They have given me exactly what I pay for.do they throttle much?I run the Glasnost tests every few months to make sure and I've never been throttled.
78MB/soh no! my chinese cartoons will take an extra 3 seconds to download!Does BT even get the speeds they advertise? It's VDSL2, so "it depends". I get 40MB/s down on Infinity2.Also I find it hilariously laughable that you ever thought you were actually getting your advertised 152Mb/s from Virgin. but okay.
By the way, what's their upload speed? That's something I will be using a lot. Currently with 152Mb virgin, I have upload like 11MbpsAlso I find it hilariously laughable that you ever thought you were actually getting your advertised 152Mb/s from Virgin. but okay.Whenever torrent/server/Steam/Origin allows, I am always getting 19MB/s. I've been with virgin for like 6 years now and got nothing to complain about, except for the throttle between 5pm-midnight
This is mine 
So I'm When I switched from advertised as faster Virgin to apparently slower BT, my torrent speed went UP. Because as much as Virgin will lie to you until they're blue in the face, they throttle torrents *all the time*
BT BT BT.Truly unlimited, non of this blocking p2p during peak like virgin does.Sky's customer service is a fucking joke and piss poor calue for money, I haven;t used them in about 5 years so they may have improved in the cs dept.Some of the smaller companies that lease from BT can be good also, but you need to read into their policies and are generally a little more expensive.I pay 20£8 discount after being a customer for 18 months, you can always get a better deal when you renew your contract a month for 76 down and 20, get exactly what I pay for. Service has been solid for the past 4 years. Get a decent router and best of all you get access to every bt homehub across the country for free. Which can be fucking amazing depending on your situation.Have my nas seeding about 1tb a month that never gets throttled.All round good deal. Just stay away from virgin
This.Always found Virgin unreliable at best anyway. Switched to BT and no problems.Helps that brother is also a BT engineer, so when line does get throttled turning router on and off can cause this due to a new system they have in place that looks for bad connections and tries to stabilise my brother can just login to his system and reset it. Boom.
if you're willing to buy your own access point sky isn't too bad their included router is shite thoughalso origin broadband isn't bad either but they make you pay for a router or you can bring your own.i'm in the countryside and i've got sky fiber
avoid BT as they broadcast their own SSID to act as a public access point which is a nightmare to turn off.
they broadcast their own SSID to act as a public access pointSo?
Virgin,Pay for 50mbs/3mbps always get it no drops.South Yorkshire.
You avoid BT for that single reason? Bellend.
Dunno, never had any problems. Pic related from few seconds ago.I am also seeding about 2-3TB a month. I got 2 letters from them in the past saying to check if someone is not using my unprotected wifi or something, but I ignored it and never had any problem.
people you don't know accessing your routeri don't think i have enough tin foil to be happy about that.
accessing your routerHow is connecting to an SSID "accessing your router"? They don't have your router login details. The router doesn't even serve the admin web user interface on the public SSID, for obvious bloody reasons.
If I was to get BT Infinity, can I use my own router? I assume the router/moden supplied by them will serve just as a modem in that case.
its a seperate network, and their usage does not affect your speed. i like the idea
Yeah exactly. Even better as a BT customer you have login details so you can connect to other open access points; you can get WiFi in all sorts of places for no extra cost.
yep, you can actually sell their one for a decent amount. It's actually a pretty good router you get albeit slightly limiting
weird shit, i pay for 100mbps and on well seeded torrents I get about 11.2MBps if not moresame for dccfor ddl can be a little temperamental but that depends on the server
How long have you had it for and how much traffic do you use?A friend of mine didn't get any restrictions on P2P for the first 2 months then they throttled the shit outa him saying that the system auto flags high bandwidth users and limits then in line with their fair use policy. Scummy thing was he couldn't back out of it as you only get 30 days to cancel your contract or you have to pay a ludicrous termination fee.Almost everyone I hear with virgin say they throttle p2p
a couple years, before that had 60mbit under different namei use anywhere between 400gb and 2tb per month varies, usually around 700gb
VIRGIN MEDIAIRGIN MEDIA
Do you even have fiber? Aren't like 90% of households still on cable and DSL?I mean eventually it's going to be fiber when it's meeting the DSLAM or CMTS but the last mile is mostly just copper or coax basically also copper. So anything advertised as "fiber" which is not truly FTTH is just bullshit.
It's FTTC. Also coaxial connection is very decent. Fuck telephone copper wired though.
Virgin media
ITT: No actual meaningful evidence that provider X is better than Y.Come on, post some BGP reports now at least.
Coax is shared though. If you live near a FTTC location, VDSL over telephone wires is a lot better. Dedicated connection =no bandwidth drops and better upload speeds.I get 100 down 40 up via VDSL here but only 100 down and 5 up via cable. Also with cable the speed drops to about 70 down during peak hours.But of course if you don't have a FTTC location nearby coax is way better since it has a higher range.Eventually nothing beats true fiber though.I still wouldn't call anything that's not at least FTTB fiber.
This.FTTH  FTTB  FTTC VDSL  Cable  ADSL
I'm on London and get the advertised ~70Mb down and about 20-something Mb up. Opted out of their parental control, carrier grade NAT, and any other dogshit "value adds".
The fact that you get fibre optic in the middle of no where annoys me. I am literally 5 minutes away from the exchange and I don't have and can't get fibre optic.
That may be true, but some providers have absolutely dog shite customer services talktalk, Virgin apparently.
literally WHO
bt 'internet'still have to have a phone line15pound/month 'line rental'virgin knows what i want.shame they keep 'upgrading' the speed so it's constantly unstable. as soon as they can handle the capacity they bump everyone's speed up again so it drops out occasionally. and DNS is a fucking mess.
their usage doesn't affect your speedso it's magic?or bt are jewing you out of your full line capacity?
I'm with Aquiss, would absolutely recommend. Reliable as fuck, no throttling or traffic shaping, and the phonelines for customer support always go through to the same friendly guy who loves talking and explaining all the technical stuff going on. I promise I'm not a paid shill even if I sound like it.
Is it FTTH aka you get the fiber or is it some bullshit marketing gig where they tell you it's super fast fiber just because the copper cable will eventually meet fiber at some point during the connection?
Discuss good quality phones that are on average less than $400.Continuing strawpoll from previous post-OnePlus One is winning with 50% of the votesis /g/'s favorite inexpensive phone?
I was in-between Zenfone 2 and Opo but with the sale I'm leaning for Opo.Should I /g/?Will it get support for the next 2-3 years?
Xiaomi Mi4i. It's like 250 bucks.
What is the support like?I don't change phones every year.Do you own it? How does it compare to opo?
What are you, poor?Get an iPhone 6.
yes it will. it's their first device and they are very consumer centric. it will get support on their Oxygen OS for atleast 2 years. if not then the community will port it easily
:^
Early opo problems like ghosting and yellow screen don't appear anymore?I remember /g/ scaring me away from opo a few months back
I'm sorry mate, I own neither the opo nor the Mi4i. But so far I heard nothing essentially bad about Xiaomi's support. Might wanna research yourself though.
Doesn't chinkphone 2 have more futureproofing?Mod community is just rising as well
Any news on OnePlus 2?Was hoping they would announce it a few days ago
I have both phones, the zenfone having expandable storage and dual sim is nice, but it comes with so much crap on it. If they just did stock android, would be such a nice phone.
Can't you put custom roms on it yet?Root it or something?
Honestly, everybody doesn't want to get invested in Apple's ecosystem. No hate.
do you think the old moto x will get support for atleast 3 more years?
My last phones were a 4S and before that a 3GI hate it when Apple makes my phones slow after a set period of time
No, theres nothing out for it yet, there is only same rom with root available atm on xda. Apparently it's a bit harder to do custom roms because it's not a qualcomm, but an atom.
At least with an android phone I can install custom romsApple phones become unusable after they "expire"
Zenfone 2 stuck in boot screen after system update. wat do?
Go to xda and download one of the rooted roms, and just reflash your phone.
What are my rooting/customization options on OpO?
I would rather have stock Android with bloat then CyanoCuck with no support for apps.
Tons, check out xda, there is limitless roms.
Your imagination is your limit
guys? im planning on buying Moto x and i want to make sure that it will be supported for a few more years
Friend bought a moto x, but found it was just too slow. laggy running skype or playing some games.
What are my rooting options on OPO?As far as rooting Cyanogen 12S, it doesn't come rooted, but rooting it is extremely easy and doesn't void the warranty. You can unlock the bootloader using adb and boot from a recovery image without flashing it to the phone using fastboot. It takes like three minutes. I've left thee factory recovery image in place on mine so that OTA updates still work. OTA updates un-root the phone, but re-rooting it is so easy that it really doesn't matter.
Right now I'm deciding between a Redmi 2 and an OPO.One one hand, the OPO seems to be loved by all. On the other, the Redmi 2 is really fucking cheap.Can both be rooted?How disgusting are Xiaomi?How long do you think the OPO will last? I don't upgrade phones very often.
48324487Great. I hated waiting months after an iOS update for it to become jailbroken, and the uncertainty if it will ever be
inexpensiveless than $400how is just less than 1/3rd the price of a macbook inexpensive?
In comparison with phones that are double the price?
even with 2gb of ram? damn, I dont know what else to buy,WP maybe?
A BMW isn't a cheap car just because there's Bugattis around. But $800 is just stupid for disposable chink technology. Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
How long do you think the OPO will last? I don't upgrade phones very often.I don't know anything about the Redmi2, but the OPO is well built. I've had phones with tougher designs Nokias, but I think the OPO will be tougher than most comparable phones. The rear cover can be dented and bent a little easily, but it is replaceable. I haven't damaged mine yet.I haven't dropped mine from waist height onto concrete yet, but it's been knocked off of desks and night stands onto wood a few times and the only visible damage is a slight deformation of the metal bezel thing, near the top.It's powerful enough that it'll take a while for it to be completely outdated.My previous phone was a Nokia N8 which I used for three years. That phone was completely indestructible, and I never had any anxiety at all about its durability. The OPO is more likely to break, but with some luck I'll use it for as least as long as I did the N8, maybe longer. The only reason I replaced the N8 is that I hated the operating system.
Well, how do you define cheap?I define it as value for money and quality in comparison with your average flagship for smartphones.Go any lower and you have a shitty phone.
You could say exactly the same thing about desktops vs laptops. You get more computing power per dollar when you buy a desktop than you do when you buy a laptop, therefore it's stupid to buy laptops, right? Wrong. Laptops provide functionality that desktops don't. Just because you can buy a laptop doesn't mean you should, but if the functionality of a laptop is useful to you AND you can, that DOES mean you should. The difference between phones and laptops is no different.
good quality phones that are on average less than $400here, take this
huaweihow is this good quality?
That has a less powerful processor than the OPO. Its SoC is an in-house design HiSilicon, a Huawei subsidiary, and other than that it's got pretty similar specs for a pretty similar price. Given its worse and presumably cheaper SoC, it would have to be a little cheaper to be comparable value to the OPO.Besides that, are there and ROMs for it?
well, there is huawei,that already has good quality builds by itselfand then there is the honor sub-brandwhich I would define as fine superior qualitythat phone alone beats iphone 6 and only cost $300
its very similar to OPO in processing powerit's compatible with cyanogen also
it is cheaper though isnt it? is that not why he posted it?
How do you even buy these in the UK?
both are around the same price depending on the seller. They are very similar in the end, but if you need a big screen OPO is 5,5" and h6 is 5".However,  H6 is the one that has the best camera at taking pictures and some other better extra features
It's $300 on Amazon, which is what the black OPO is selling for right now.see image
Why does /g/ not talk about the Xperia Z2 or Z3C as a less than $400 alternative?
Xperia not dual sim who cares
how do you do this?my OPO only gets around 46000
Nothing yet. Their June 1st announcement was the week long price cuts. The +2 will be out by the end of the year from the looks of it.
I don't know. That was the first time I'd ever run that benchmark, so if I've done anything to improve the results, I don't know what it was. Maybe we should compare the details of our results.The first test was run on the battery. I ran the test again while it was plugged into my computer, to see how consistent the results are, and got 48800 or so. I thought maybe the computer having access to the storage was affecting it, so I ran it a third time while plugged into the wall and got 46700, then on the battery again and got 47100. Now I think it's the internal temperature that's affecting it. The phone is pretty warm now. Either that, or this benchmark has a margin of error of something like 5%. I'm going to cool it down with come ice packs and run it again, to see.
I got 48000 almost exactly and the outside of the phone is still below room temperature. I think the benchmark just has a large margin of error.
wat
OpO best value for money.
/g/'s thoughts on ordering pic related? I've always thought that LG produced quality phones and thought that the G4 would be no different.inb4 gay leather back
G4 is a very good phone if you have the money to spare. Definitely worth it.
LG as a brand hasn't failed me for any devices yet.OTOH the market is full of devices with decent quality. You shouldn't have any particularly pressing need to look for above average manufacturing quality.
 cont'dReally, you largely can just pick by specs, price, and maybe ROM compatibility.
Previous Nexus 4 and G2 owner, its nice to see that other people also think that LG is a reliably and quality producing company. Definitely purchasing on tomorrow with Sprint.
, 
"don't worry bro, Kingston is a good brand!""psh, the Samsung is overpriced, skip it"get bothJesus Christ.
/g/ can be full of shit when it comes to SSDs. Samsung SSD's are good tier.
240 vs 500
comparing a half-full drive to an empty oneYou're not too bright, eh?
"psh, the Samsung is overpriced, skip it"being so poor that you can't afford a 30$ price difference
I got both, didn't I? I should have got the 1TB Samsung 850 EVO at $0.45/GB.
only good but crucial is uber god and shits on samsung shitstains
"don't worry bro, Kingston is a good brand!""psh, the Samsung is overpriced, skip it"Said by nobody on /g/ ever
spending money for negligible gainsspending money when you don't have to
Hi
What's a good PCI Express SSD? The cheapest is still like 1,600MB/sec and some Intel ones up to 2,600MB/sec. They've become cheap enough dollar a gig or so I'm considering them.
Has samsung fix the shit batch of evo drives?
le ramdisk
what is that, 12 SDDs?
oh, legendary kingston v300 series
Nope,  is at the right end.
RAIDing SSDsYou're a fucking moron.
ok, makes sense. that many SSDs in RAID 0 would be super unreliable. what capacity?
nevermind, I can't read today.
RAID5 SSD's is actually pretty reliable and very fast for large databases n shitDoesn't have to be RAID 0 per se, RAID 10 has equal speed
No ramdisk here
Samsung 830: goodSamsung 840 pro: goodSamsung 840: badSamsung 840 evo: lolfirmware
$2 has been deposited into your Crucial employee account!
implying crucial can afford that
Thank mr crucial
RAID 0Samsung 850 EVO
Crucial m4
buying the NAND JewSSDs are a scam. You get negligible improvement over anything and are paying 5x as much as an HDD. RAID some HDDs or get an SSHD you fucking retards.
system boot time improved several 100's in %no gainkeep shilling your ancient technology
Show me a RAID which can be on par with even the slowest SSD in this thread.Not even 15k SAS can reach that consistentlyNot to mention that 15k SAS in RAID will cost more anyway.SSHD is shit. Both in cost and performance
Yeah, it's all hype over nothing, my HDD W8 machine boots up in couple seconds, if i didn't have the post screen stay up for 4 s
$2 has been deposited into your Seagate employee account!
Not him, but SSD's should be used for OS install only, get a HDD for storage.
Told you about those v300s, bro.Just google the v300 and you'll see how dumb you were not to.
another faggot said me: nah don't buy samsung, Intel are the best. Fuck /g/I have both SSD and 2 SSHD. SSHD is better than a regular HDD but not a big deal
Kek. Based retard. Keep believing this.
Can anyone tell me why i get these results from my Samsung 840 EVO?No raids, only SATA3
Samsung have a ram-caching thing with their SSDs. Turn off quicksync or whatever the fuck it's called.
Obviously SSD's should be used both for programs and storage, it's just not economically viable for several terabytes of data yet.
www.extremetech.com/extreme/184253-ssd-shadiness-kingston-and-pny-caught-bait-and-switching-cheaper-components-after-good-reviewsKingstone
Compression? That's how I got the results in 
everything updatedGWX activestill no w10 upgrade anywhereScript and manual start did nothingWhat do
just throw it in the bin
I didn't get it too, funnily enough, my media computer with a pirated version already got it.Not that it's that important anyway.
Just wait a while.Had the same problem but then the GWX icon just magically appeared in the taskbar about a day and a half later. Be patient.I mean, we are not getting it till late July anyways.

So my problem was I had internet explorer disabledFucking reddit, they are wise
Confirmed, here it isGod bless le reddit
Does anyone use it? Why don't or do you? I'm just interested.
yet another company selling your DNS dataDon't be dumb anon. Just run your own caching server on a rpi or a 5$ VPS.
I use it OP. I'm going to admit the amount of interesting content serviced by the special TLDs they maintain is small, and frankly disappointing. There's a lot of dead links in the search engine seek.geek which need culling. Frankly, there's more stuff floating around i2p. Nobody is using .pirate for an actual tracker either, which is just a shame.The only reason I'm still interested is because I want to start up a .chan domain serviced through them.
You're an idiot.
That's what I thought, indeed. I was fucking around and also found a lot of dead links. Are there some websites worth visiting?
I use it just because of their philosophy. I will try to use one of their domains for one of my projects.
Fuck, looks like the www is a relevant part of the URL.
Mostly personal sites left unfinished or unupdated anon. Maybe .fur will provide some keks for future threads.
yes, mostly for muh freedum and dnscrypt
Aaaaaand speaking of that, here's some Russian furry booru.
Oh, and here's a site for some passed furry convention.
douse yourself in gasoline and light yourself up. Do it.
implying I associate with faggotry
DNSCrypt no longer works with itI'm stuck with OpenDNS now
/g/ how does your password rate?
"Password"
Building my first gaming PC soon, and probably spending about $200 on the GPU. Was thinking about getting the R9 280x rather than the GTX 960 and had that all panned out, now I'm seeing a 300 series of cards. Should I wait a few weeks and buy a 300 series and even if no will there likely be a price drop on the 280x?
Suck my cock and I will kindly answer
Nay, I say unto the.
Just buy whatever. This gen is yawn worthy unless you have more than 500 bucks to spend.
waiting for better tech just means you don't have tech while you wait. Everthing will always get a little cheeper and a little better over tiem.
I'm getting a 290 for like $215 bucks cause I'm sick of this waiting shit. I'm sitting on a 6950 after upgrading my entire system and I can just bring it back in 28 days for a refund anyways.Worst case scenario I sit on it for a while, but for 215 bucks I'm cool with it, and can actually upgrade later when shit is not refuckintarded in terms of offerings. Probably just gonna give the 6950 to my poorfag buddy, otherwise try and flip it to a dummy on craigslist for $150, which in that case means I'm practically doubling my video card for $60.
This.
its like 2-3 weeks away so I'd say wait unless you can't. Prices on the 2 series will probably drop a bit until then
Buying a GPU even to run shit at medium settings would do because nothing good is coming out till next year
I figured so.
don't waitsomething better is always said to be around the cornerif you wait on the gpu, then you're going to wait on the cpu, then on the ram, and etcwhen you're ready, go
That's a good point.
Not when the new AMD gpu is right around the fucking corner.
Lmao, true. I mean literally 2 weeks.
rebranded  2xx gpu
So what? OP will either get a price cut on the old card or a better one for the same price. Rebrand or not, he can only win if he plays the waiting game now.
are you sure that the jews will even cut prices?
No, you should wait for an APU, GPUs are about to go the way of VHS
Worst case scenario, OP will get the the card he originally went with for the same price.
Kek. And now I play the waiting game.
300 series is nothing but rebrands and higher prices because AMD isn't willing to subsidize AMDfags anymore because they're losing money
amd isn't bothering to rebrand the 280x, best you'll find is 285 tonga rebranded to 380, or hope that the 370 performs well. just wait til june 16th and pray this pricing model is wrong. and the 960 is poor valuewccftech.com/amd-radeon-300-series-pricing-leaked-expensive-200-series/
more rebrandingThey're really putting all of their eggs in the Fiji basket, huh?
shit is grim. hope E3 is a big surprise for the sake of competition
While it's true the 300 series is mostly rebrands, don't fucking use wccftech as a source.
i'm aware the rumormill shouldn't be trusted, which is why I phrase it as hope this rumor is false. the rebrand models are considered accurate
It fucking hurts to wait thoughseriouslybeen waiting since likejesus it's fucking june already
I can't bring myself to spend money on either a card released in 2013 or on one with 3.5gb vram
were releasing cards in quarter 2 of 2015!wait til the last week of the last month in Q2 and we still dont know shitFuck, ive been sitting here since March thinking "any day now"
June 16th. That's the day.
HBM yields have obviously been pretty low.Luckily for AMD that's Hynix's fiscal loss.Unluckily for AMD it's meant their product has taken longer to deliver in volume.
why not the 290x tho?
$200 is the budget.
Or they could charge him more, because why not.
I'm only excited for Tonga XT380x as it's a newer chip compared to the others that haven't been fully realized.
Well the delay is costing more money than anything else.Can't measure how much it's costing, but you can tell that people are just buying nvidia cards in fucking droves.
implying there ever has or ever will be a period of time where purchasing a GPU will free you from the upgrade cycleJust fucking get whatever and expect to upgrade in a generation or 2, damn. The "just wait and see, things are gonna change for real this time" meme is getting out of fucking hand and will only cause people to sit on their hands for three months until the much-anticipated release happens, at which point they'll buy the card they already planned on getting for $15 less.wait til 3xx3xx releasesman dont buy this shit, wait til FuryFury releasesman dont get a Fury, Magmaspewer  is like 6mo away, tops/g/'s advice to you is to never, ever buy any components since incremental upgrades are always under development.
Are you gaming at 1080p and 60hz? get an R9-290Are you gaming at 1440p and 60hz? get an R9-290XAre you gaming at 1080-1440p and 120-144hz? get a GTX 980Do you have a cuckolding fetish? Get a GTX 970 or 960
Only the fury is hbmThey could of released the rest
I tought that was the pc lifestyle choice
The correct time to buy was last year970/290xand then skip this generationnext year is HBM2 cards and new architecture
Why bother? It's mostly rebrands and slightly tweaked cards.
price for sapphire 290X's jumped to 400$ so the buying window is gone sadlyYou wont have a truly OMG awesome chip until the Arctic islands 400 series when AMd has HBM gen 2 paired with a samsung 14nm process
next year is HBM2 cards and new architectureKek.No way. You're not seeing HBM2 until late 2016, early 2017.
late 2016 is next year'it's guaranteed happening next year
class="quote"$299
You can probably get a 4gb superclocked 960 for about $200 very soon.
, 
, 
have a monitor, keyboard, mouse, and Seagate Barracuda 7200 HDD. Is this build the best I can get out of $400?
The answer is 6, not 6!9gag
The answer is R
No, it is not good.
Not on a Volkswagen, or Opel.And who's to say my car doesn't have a 6th gear?
get a better CPU. that one is shit for games.
That's a terrible puzzle, the answer is arbitrary since there's legitimate, logically consistent reasons why it could be 5 and R.
I plan to upgrade later. That CPU will do for now. It can be OC'd to 4.5GHz stable and I won't be multitasking too much. Sooner than later I'm sure all games will require a better CPU, but for now it'll do what I need it to.
That is the stupidest fucking picture I've ever seen.Also, that CPU is great for Facebook and low/mid gaming, but I'd go with a quad-core like the AMD  Athlon 860K.
But then I'd have to switch motherboards... I don't even know where to start with AMD CPU's. It's my first build, and my brain is exhausted from learning as much as possible as quickly as possible. Haha, and I agree. That picture is dumb as fuck.
It's really shit for games though. Even when overclocked. Sure, in benchmarks you will get good average frames, but it will stutter like crazy when playing. And many newer games just won't launch with 2 cores.
Also, do you plan on overclocking to 4.5 with the stock cooler?
860k, R9 290860k, R9 280XFX-4350, R9 290FX-4350, R9 280XYou can try one of those.
The answer is 5.2 + 3 = 51 + 4 = 5But nobody will ever fucking know because the person who knows the true answer isn't here.
start by utilizing anything but amd hardware
My PC has a VGA and a Displayport on integrated onboard graphics.it has a VGA on the discrete graphics card.the graphics card is a little more powerful than the integrated.My TV has HDMI input.What kind of adapter cable do I buy?Do I need an active adapter to go from VGA  HDMI or Displayport  HDMI?
uhh i kinda forgot the rest of the OPpost dumb questionspost snarky answerspost loliuse google faggetredirect other people to this threaddo not respond to /v/ cancer babbies that flood the board with gayman PCs, laptops, and smartphones
Why not plug the HDMI in the graphics card?  No HDMI port?  If not, I'd go display to HDMI.
Yeah, the graphics card is VGA only.That doesn't tell me whether I need an active adapter or not.
Bump
Can you poll location through the web on a phone if your website asks for permission somehow? I know HTML5 is offering location service.I have an idea I've been tossing around, and would rather make it web based for a couple reasons, mainly cross-compatibility and my hatred of Java, and the idea involves polling the user's location as a sort of check-in and giving points for staying at a certain place for a length of time. I'd like to, say, every five or ten minutes, have the site grab the GPS location from the phone whether the screen is locked in a pocket or not.
what's the right storage solution for me /g/?My 2tb HDD is almost full and I meed to buy more storage, the thing is, I don't really know what should I buy.external drivenormal hddnasbuild a RAIDI need it to store mediamusic, movies, photos, pron, etc. and  seed said stuff.ATM I have only $100 to spend.
Windows says my shit is all up to date, Windows 7 SP1, and I've got auto updates turned on, but I still don't have the little Windows 10 upgrade notification. Am I missing something or do I have to do something else?
Can I safely run 2 780's on an AX760? The rest of the system is a non-OC 4770K, 16GB memory, 3 drives.
Should be fine.
/g/sqt
Save up a bit and buy a WD 4TB drive. Manually install all the updates and reboot.
what search terms should I use to look for a monitor stand that I can change the height of the monitor easily?
How easy can an SLI bridge go bad? I unseated my video cards and SLI Bridge to access the SATA ports for installing a new hard drive. This was the only physical change to my computer.I re-seated my video cards with the bridge and now SLI is not working. It is greyed out as an option in the NVidia control panel and below says "Connect the SLI Ready Graphics Cards with an SLI Connector". Both graphics cards work fine on their own and are both recognized by my computer. I uninstalled the drivers manually and did a clean install of the drivers with no luck.My only idea is that somehow my bridge went faulty when I disconnected it but it seems highly unlikely.
being autisticway to go!
Are there any portable dual screens for laptops? I mean, I can just use a tiling window manager, but I don't feel like learning the shortcuts for i3 at the moment, but I doubt it's hard, but the configs might be difficult for me since I'm settled in with xfce comfortably right now.
Save up a bit and buy a WD 4TB drive.ok thx, for the answer, now which one should I buy? AFAIK there are many versions of WD HDDs right?
just got majorly fucked, /g/. I have a laptop with two SSDs in raid0. Is there any way I can salvage it? It seems like /boot got ruined. How can I recover my Linux system and saving my data?There was only one gloaty post about this in the archive.
/g/sqt/g/sqt/g/sqt/g/sqt
How do I remove the exif data from the photos I take with my iPhone/iPod/iPad? I tried to remove it manually and I get an error.
Why does my IT guy always tell me to reboot my computer if something doesn't work?
I still don't understand why does my nexus 4 freezes when I try to play certain webms in clover or watch certain videos with any type of video player. Already turn on GPU rendering. What else do I need to fix it?
Thinking of buying a cheap 690.  Anyone know if that card sounds like a jet engine?  I haven't seen any remarks about it online.  700W psu should be just fine too right
What are the benefits of overclocking?Let's say i overclock my processor right now, knowing that my GPU is the bottleneck in my games, what would be the benefit of it overall just not in games?Would i be able to open more applications with less impact on performance? Would i be able to switch between a game and my desktop faster?
I'm running Ubuntu 15.04, and IntelliJ keeps fucking up. Sometimes it'll just freeze and I have to kill it, sometimes the menu bars stop working clicking on them does nothing. This is the only program that does this for me.Anyone have any ideas?
Displayport  HDMI VGA is shit
How can I play sound on the mic input? I mean, if I want to put sounds on mumble for example.
I need to buy my SSD to replace my six year old HDD. However, I heard that in late 2015 SSDs will lower in price. Is there any truth to this, or should I just buy one?
Can anyone recommend me a good brand SSD?Currently I have a Crucial M4 128gb but I'd like to buy a 240gb or more for PC and put the 128gb in laptop since I have a shitty 5500rpm hdd in laptop currently
Dunno if there is something better now but I always used Virtual Audio Cable. Set it up like so. Program game  - Speakers/headphones Program media player - line 1 Line 1 - mic input Optional Line 1 - speakers/headphones this makes it so you can hear what you're playing over mic too Can also make batch files to save however you set it up. Just google that shit though.
It's going to sound pretty basic, but have you simply triedsudo -iapt-get updateapt-get dist-upgrade
had this drive about two years now, and it's fucking flawless as of yet.

Nice. Thanks!
100 dollars for 250GB is still a lot in my book. My current HDD has 300GB out of 500GB installed. Chances of it going to 50-60 dollar range within 2015/2016?
I downloaded a bunch ~8 GB of videos on my VPS. Is there a way I can stream these to my laptop? Server is running Ubuntu. My internet is way to shitty to download them.
*too fuck me
i did one not too long ago. guess i'll try it though.
I wanna get a MBP , but I wanna get it riced to look like it does in desktop threads specifically the arch ones Is it possible to run osx programs on any variant of Linux? Or can someone show me a really good rice guide for osx
I would say try SSHFS, how bad is your net?
Can you have an Android phone operate without a SIM, or does it need to be a tablet? I'm looking for a cheap Android device that I use solely for development, not as a replacement for my phone.
How do I make a bootable usb drive when its a 128 gb flash drive
yes you can use an android phone like that.you can use any phone like that except for an iphone where you need a sim to set it up, after that you are good
omg help me /g/everything was finethen something smell like burningit's from my computerpanic.jpeg, unplug computer from powersmell has gone, i don't know where it came fromdissasemble computer, clean everythingboot, everything work fine, check tempcpu 100°, panic again, unplug computertomorrow i'm gonna renew thermal past, i am fucked already ?
What the fuck are you using in your computer?
what did you use to check the CPU temperature?the sensor could just be wrong
For your information, my PC uses an CPU that has an max. Temperature of 105°C, so i guess it's fine?
speecy
How do I configure GNOME Screenshot to ask me how I want to save the screenshot when I hit print screen instead of just saving it wherever?
is it true that intel "unlocked" cpus are essentially a scam and that say, a 3570 and 3570k are the same, except intel put effort into blocking the oc of the 3570 with silicon or some shit and charge less for it?
New AMD gaming PC buildeverything runs fineInstall some games, all work fineall of a sudden all my games except for minecraft and SMBX which run off flash I believe  will not start up. batman arkham city = no error messages, loader never loads game other games like nba 2k give me no video card found, or direct x blah blah blah errorsteam really has no answersI uninstalled all games and re-installing has helped nothing. only option as of now seems to be re-intalling windows and re-installing games
did you install the latest drivers
DIrect x 10 and 11 are and have been installed when the games worked and didntmy raedon 280 video card drivers are up to date
I believe the k version has a better integrated GPU, but yes, Intel is a bunch of jewish fucks with the OC'ing capability of their chips.
I'm using NetCat as a ghetto webserver to respond with an HTML page which works fine.How do I get netcat to respond with actual headers along with the served data.Currently it's only giving back status code

I lost the charger for my cordless power screw driver, it was rated at 5V 200mA. The closest I've got to it is 5V 400mA, would that work or would it blow up?
Will work. It'll only pull 200mA, so don't worry.
Thanks, anon.
Is Shareaza a good P2P/Torrent program?It's not open source and it's also not on the /g/ infographic.
Does the latest version o  AMD Catalyst have problems right now with Multi Monitor support? Every time I plug in my other monitor it's forcing the idle memory clock to be stuck at my max memory setting.
best gpu around $250?
With any method you'd make a small flash drive bootable. You might want to make the boot partition smaller thou.
Where can I find Win7 Pro x64 ISO? MS pulled them all and I don't know popular torrent sites anymore. Does Win7 Pro x64 upgrade to Win10 Pro? If I upgrade will my license only be good for Win10? My license is OEM Lenovo and I would rather not pay for recovery disks.
What the heck is this? I just wanted to install Designdoll, and I did, but when I try opening the application I get this message and then the application freezes and I have to close it. Platinum mad.
Looks like a .NET error message. Are your .NET packages up to date?
What in the fuck are the differences between different GPUs that are the same model?i.e ASUS GTX 970 HURRDURRSPECSANDSHITvsEVGA GTX970 HURRDURRSPECSANDSHITLike don't they do the exact same fucking thing?
Build quality, amount of memory, fan type etc.It's like buying a chocolate cake at two different shop. You still got a chocolate cake, but they used different chocolate to make it, baked it for a different time etc.
Is it safe to buy coffee from eBay?  I'm not going to get some counterfeit or tampered shit am I?
Yeah but a chocolate cake taste you can taste the difference. If you blind fold me and put two slices of chocolate cake next to each other, I'll clearly know which one tastes better.
How hard is it to compare specs?
Recently received an old PC with pirated Windows 7 installed. I've been getting "this copy of windows 7 is not genuine buy this shit you cheap fuck" notifications and I don't want to format the drive. Is there a way of disabling this, the "slmgr -rearm" method of reactivating windows is already at its max limit editing this value in the registry doesn't seem to work, rebooting changes the value back.inb4 "buy it", install Gentoo, etc.
Just.... use the DAZ loader?
do i need my motherboard to be compatible with that specific kind of Integrated Graphics HD4400 or i can just jam that cpu on the cheapest mobo that is socket-compatible?I need to Build a pc for my parents. Just basic office stuff, web browsing, on a 720p monitor.
Upgraded my old 7850 card to a R9 280 card. Ran the old card with duel monitor and I never had problems. Put in the R9 and suddenly I am noticing flickers and when I go to Youtube or Facebook or whatever video stuff plays on those sites it causes a pinkish artifact on my main monitor, while my 2nd monitor is un-affected. Anyone else have this problem or possible solutions?
Will all of my eroge work in Windows 10?
Can someone tell me that the $5 difference is here and if it's worth it?
should be this link
fuck i was just the sensor that was wrong, now i'm 38° on idle, and 50° when cpu load get hight, i think i can get a constant 40° with thermal past.damn it scared the shit out of me
I-I think so.
Why is my idle memory clock so high when I have duel monitors going?
Check Windows update. .NET should be included with them.
I checked it, there are no updates there. I updated 4 things an hour ago, there was nothing .NET related there.
Just gonna post once more to see if anybody knows this is possible. Will I need to learn the clusterfuck that is Java? I'm a C++ programmer and just hate jumping languages.
Reboot and check again. Often more updates will show up, check the optional tab as well. If nothing comes up you should be up to date.
Can't connect my PSU to my new GPU.6 years ago I built a computer with a 520W power supply and a radeon 5770, the setup came with 1 cable to attach them together and the radeon had one power socket. It worked out fine.Now I have a GTX 960 and it has 2 power sockets. I have nothing for the second one. What do I need to buy?
Because you have duel monitors going?
Say I have a webpage. On this webpage, I want to be able to display in real time updates from RSS/Atom feeds from multiple websites.How would I do this?
Jumping languages is good for you. You are a programmer not a code monkey correct?
what email services does /g/ use?
Can anyone tell me how to install the latest version of android on my SGIII? Currently running 4.3. Kernal 3.0.31-2168382 with TWRP, locked to EE/orange.
If you already know C++ Java shouldn't be hard to pick up
Did you write this page? Put everything in a timed loop that checks for an update, if there is new content it clears the feed and reprints it?
Guess that's normal? Because I'm running into a problem where watching Youtube videos or videos in general cause the main screen to artifact/flicker at pure random. Had an old 7850 that didn't have this problem. Got a new R9 280 card and I'm running into this problem.
is 850 the best SSD? what about PCI:E and stuff?
Having trouble with my network adapter.I'm trying to install a new driver to see if that's the issue, I'm currently on version 12.12.80.19, intel says the latest is version 20I have downloaded it and installed, but my device manager says I'm still on the previous version. What's the deal?
My new R9 280 recommands a 750W PSU as a minimum. I have a 750W PSU in my rig. Is this a problem or am I good?
You tried going into safe mode, uninstalling the driver through device manager then installing new one?
Remove the driver from device manager and reinstall?
It is as up to date as it can be. I also reinstalled the application, but it still throws the same error at me.
Right now I just have an empty subdomain.I know nothing about feeds really. I want to be able to check more than one site's feeds and have them all display together on the same page, while just bumping the old ones lower until they "fall off" metaphorically.Any idea how I would get started on this?
So I'm looking to back-up a partition of mine. On the arch wiki the command that is given to clone a partition is this# dd if=/dev/sda1 of=/dev/sdb1 bs=512 conv=noerror,syncAfter reading the man pages of dd I have some questions. bs=512So apparently this is the amount of bytes it can read and write at a time. What does "at a time" mean? And why 512?conv=noerror,syncI didn't understand anything the man pages said about conv or sync
Are YouTube videos having A/V sync issues for anyone else?
I've uninstalled the driver in safe mode, I can't install the new one in safe mode, so I go back into regular boot and install it?
I'm sorry, unfortunately that's all I would think to do. I think there is a .NET repair tool that may be worth running, but I'm not sure.I'm not too big on webdev, what languages do you know so far?
Is there a way to get notifications on the lockscreen on Android a la iOS?
I take it it's a .exe then if you can't install in safe mode? If so then yeah try reboot.
I'm not too big on webdev, what languages do you know so far?I'm not particularly experience either. I took some classes ~6 years ago so I have some experience, but in practicality it's just general programming ability. I'm going to look to see if there's some pre-built tool that might be useful, otherwise I'll check out Google Feed API.
Ok, well, apparently version 20 is version 12.12.80.19 because it's back and that's what it says. Thanks anyways guys.I had this issue a while back and it solved itself somehow, I'd just like to fix the cause of the issue.
bs=512 conv=noerror,syncUnless your hard drive is broken and you're getting read erros, you don't need any of that. Use bs=2M or something similar instead, a low blocksize like 512 is incredibly slow.Also it's usually a better a idea to backup the files instead of creating an image of the partition.That command is for cloning a partition, it's not gonna work if the target partition is even one byte bigger than the source partition. If it's the other way around, you're wasting space.If you're gonna make an image for backup, write it to a file instead.
You may want to learn Javascript first, check out codecadamy. From there you can search "Dynamic RSS feed with javascript" or something on google. The Google Feed API looks like something you want but as stated you should know how to use JS first. They also have a class for JQuery so you can make it sexy too.
Never really used iOS extensively besides muddling through when my mom or sister has some problem with their phone and assume I'll have an easier time with a device I've never used before than they who have been using the brand for years but one of the semi-recent Android updates added something like that I think, as far as lock screen notifications go.  Don't know if it's exactly like iOS uses though.
I'll look into it. I have done Javascript, but that was 6+ years ago.Well, it'll make a nice project at least.
If you're gonna make an image for backup, write it to a file instead.Oh holy fuck thank you, I thought that's what I was doing. So basically what that command does is copy that partition to another partition? All I want to do is make a disk-image of my linux partition and save it in an external HDD for back-up purposes because I'm going to resize and format some partitions.
I noticed that every time I loaded a page or opened a new tab in Chrome, the browser would display a banner at the top of the screen for a few seconds showing the width of the page. Turns out it was downloaded in my extension w/o my knowing. Wondering if anyone knows what kind of Spyware it is. Does it truly only provide an exploiter my screen width information? 
Is that a link to the suspected spyware? Cause I ain't touching that shit.
What do you guys think of the X1 Carbon?
of=/dev/sdb1That would overwrite whatever is on that partition. You would probably want something likedd if=/dev/sda1 of=/media/your/external/hdd/somefile bs=2MAlthough I would recommend something like instead. It's faster, more efficient and harder to fuck up.If you're gonna use dd, make sure you're using the right partition, sda1 might not be the one you want to backup. lsblk or fdisk -l are useful to find out which one you want. Also, dd doesn't have a progress bar or anything, if you want to see the progress, you'll have to send a USR1 signal to it. And make sure you're using if= and not of= for the partition.Resizing partitions is usually safe and by formatting you lose all data anyway, but well, I would never recommend against a backup.
Reviews says spyware, would uninstall and scan your pc bro. Also check to see if any other extension may have installed it.
Nah its a link to the chrome app store page all the reviews said it was Spyware
Live pen driveBackup to external HD
Yeah reported the account, hopefully google will take it down soon. Hopefully.
Yeah I uninstalled as soon as I found out what was causing it. I have a chromebook so I don't know a good way to scan it for malicious software lol. My other extensions seem fine though
Wait so it can be any file? do I just touch randomfile.iso and use that as the destiniation for the diskimage?
I'm moving to China.1. Will an unlocked phone allow me to get service from a Chinese cell phone company?2. I'm under a 2 year contract with ATT in USA so ATT won't unlock my phone. Can I get it unlocked through a third party? I have a Samsung Galaxy S5.
What app should I use to backup apks if I don't have root?
You don't need to touch it, dd will create it for you. Make sure you have enough space on your hard drive. Also I think the .iso extension is used for optical disks, but you can use whatever you want.
I'd like a hard drive that's pretty reliable, is $125 for a 3tb HGST deskstar hard drive on Amazon a good way to go about it?
I also used the .NET repair tool now, didn't werk. Nothing werks. Fuck computers.
Yeah take it to a mobile store, they are everywhere, and they'll do it for a fee. as for being able to use a Chinese sim card for service I am not too sure.Ahhh to be fair I don't have any knowledge of chromebooks either so not sure how much it could have affected your laptop.
I was looking for a 2TB hard drive for long-term storage. I don't really need the speed of an SSD, and I don't mean to start a brand war, but what would a reliable choice be? Preferably one with a low failure rate and low cost  500usd. Any suggestions?
"iso" i meant to be used for images of iso9660 filesystems, as used by CD-ROMit doesn't make much sense for a non-iso9660 hdd imagethat said, the extension won't change the result, a common generic extension raw disk images is .img
Wanting to sell my Thinkpad s440. How much do you think I should sell it for? It had no damage at all and works fully. Looking to buy a tablet with the money I get and also some cash to spare.
I was about to say Samsung but you want low cost, Wise-san made an image comparing a bunch of HDD including failure rates, I'll see if I can find it.
Please don't take note of the 511degress on my GPU, that's a beta driver issue for ya!
it has no damage511 Choly shit nigger
How good is newegg with lost package claims/how likely are they to accept my claim?
I have wanted to sell my laptop almost similar to yours for a while, CEX would take mine for £140 and other places for slightly more. So possibly in the £180 area to £200?.
After some more tinkering, I now get this.
Why the fuck does my root/filesystem device say "2.0GB of 9.9GB 80% used" when I hover over it?? How is that 80%??
Yeah I was thinking around the £200 mark. I might advertise at £250 and take offers also. Cheers.
Is it a good idea to keep an operative system Windows 7 in this case on an external hard drive so when I want to use it I just connect it to my laptop?
os? program you're "hovering over"?
It most likely says 2.0GB free of 9.9GB total, which is 80% used.
windows 8.1 is a lot easier to run from a usb hdd, though you can get 7 going too, if you mustand no, there's no problem with doing that, just be careful not to unplug the disk while it's running

I doubt that's gonna work. I tried this a few weeks ago with windows 7 and got a BSOD when trying to boot.
radeons can melt steel beams
Holy shit that's hilarious, I'm a fucking idiot.xfce window manager
Ah sorry the image was purely for SSD's, not sure about reliability but Kingston are good bang for buck.Not a problem.Would advise you just stick windows 7 on a small partition if you really want to keep it for some self security atleast 30gb's and just use the rest of the partition for whatever else.Over 9000Also shameful self bump 
That's actual OC. I just finished a build with a Sapphire 290x and was running Unigine Valley and I think a bit of /g/ leaked into the temp sensor.
What's this I hear about removing old kernel versions to save disk-space? Also how would I do that?
So I was reading some fan translated manga, and overall the quality of the translation was fine and it didn't have many typos, except for one thing.  Every time an apostrophe ' was called for, the text used a quotation mark " instead.  I'd chalk it up as a typo if it happened once or twice but it happened literally every time.  It made me curious.  Why would a typesetter do something like this?  Is there some sensible reason for it, or was the guy probably just a foreigner or something that doesn't understand the civilized world's punctuation?  Just too lazy to press shift?  I don't get it.
7's a bit tricker8.x has usb booting in mind already, due to the addition of "windows to go", plus it has usb3 drivers built inyou can get 7 and older versions to function, but it's not so plug-and-play
can you post the ssd one anyways? just curious
Uninstall any packages that start with linux-image or linux-headers that you're not currently using.
Sure. There is another about errors too, which I'll upload next. That sounds pretty sweet, might have to try that myself.
Second. Think these maybe a year or so old by now but may hold some relevance to you.
I want to connect a 980 Ti to a XFX 550w Pro Core Edition PSU, with 44A on the 12v rail. Will this burn my house down?
atleast 30gb'sAre you sure that's a good size? The reason I asked about that is because I have a 62gb window partition that is full and I only had like maybe 7gb worth of things I put/downloaded on it. I suspect the rest was filled because of my lazy update management but I'm not sure.. To be honest I only want the windows partition for office and maybe some games nothing fancy, just casual nes/snes, maybe psx emulating and halo ce Was 62gb supposed to be a good size?
pls respond
New thread:
You might be right, I have been using windows 8.1 on a 50gb partition for a while and only when I download a bunch of crap do I have to begin worrying about deleting stuff. Win7 may be larger so either switch the OS or go for 50gb with win7 and just keep an eye on what you have on your storage. I can't say what is a good size as I have 640gbs to play with, but when I had win8 on 50gb it was fine till I wanted to download vidya. Probably better to go with more legroom.
pls respond
NEW THREAD HERE:Stop bumping this.
we're not even 200 replies in you idiot
windows alone shouldn't get much bigger than 20GB, you should be looking to clean it up if it gets much largerthis of course assumes any non-windows folders program files, users are put elsewhere
People is making new threads because OP here didn't write /sqt/ in the first post and /g/sqt gives no results and this was a duplicate thread from yesterday to begin with./g/sqt/g/sqt/g/sqt/g/sqt
I was thinking the exact same thing. I was going to do it, but my friend gave me a 600W. Day saved. You can try, I would.
I could run that card on my 500W. Don't worry.
Do are Bluetooth mice laggy?
what are some good reasons for first time linux users /g/?
gentoo
It's free, it's more secure, it's more light-weight than windows, package/update management is heaven compared to windows, the filesystem makes 10 times more sense than NTFS, it's customizable as fuck you literally own your system and can do whatever you want with it, you can know exactly what goes on behind the scenes of your system, repositories.
Is there any Linux program that will allow me to take pictures and view the viewfinder stuff of my Canon Ti3? I'm getting a telescope and the adapter for the camera to attach it to the telescope soon, and I'd like to allow people to view from my laptop which is running the latest #!. I'd also like to be able to take pictures via the laptop's control so I don't have to touch my camera. Any ideas? Am I being too stupid at descriptions?
Guy with ethernet problems here again, at my wits end with this shitI've had this issue in the past and it somehow fixed itself, not having much luck today thoughI have windows 8.1, ethernet cable connected to a router/modem network.Other devices have access to the net.My network icon has a red X, cable port on PC has an amber light.Troubleshooter says "The IntelR Ethernet Connection 2 I218-V adapter is experiencing driver- or hardware-related problems"When I click on change adapter settings in network and sharing center, the folder is empty.Tried uninstalling driver and installing new one.Google is failing me. Any ideas?
Bumping for this question
can windows 3.11 be installed on contemporary laptops
Who should I avoid when buying a 1TB HDD and who should I be looking at?
How do I disable remote media sharing?On my desktop, my laptop and my xbox one shows up as media devices over the network, and I want to disable that.
yeah, you canpre lollipop: install a third party lock screen applollipop: enable in lock screen options
I'm trying to write a .desktop file that when clicked will launch rtorrent, for the purpose of listing in autostart. Why isn't this working?[Desktop Entry]Name=rTorrentType=ApplicationExec=rtorrentTerminal=trueIcon=terminalCategory=Internet
Obviously a net error. Try again tomorrow.
KernalOkay m8
Where did you save it?
Wiggle the cable, if it suddenly works, it's a hardware issue. Get a new card then.
I downloaded Ubuntu and used it through a virtualmachine, is there something I'm missing? It just seems like a lesser version of Windows. Like I really couldn't figure out a reason to use it over windows outside of the botnet shit. I enjoy my Windows 7 but everyone on /g/ loves Linux so I figured I'm missing something.
How the fuck do radio transmitters work on DC
~/.local/share/applications. It shows up in the applications menu, but doesn't execute anything.
Avoid Seagate, look first for HGST, second for WD.
Didn't fix anything.
is rTorrent on your PATH?
My motherboard is generating a lot of static, is that common?Also, altought it appears to work, I can't get any video from it.
Cleares cache memory
Thanks.
I'm in stalling drivers for my new motherboard. Its currently stuck on realteak 8111/8168 LAN driver for over 30 mins. Can I just restart my PC or is that going to fuck it up?
Alright, I fixed it in the most retarded way possible.I turned the PC off, turned the the power off at the wall and waited for all the LEDs to go out. I then turned it back on and what do you know it worked.
$which rtorrent/usr/bin/rtorrentAdding the full path makes no difference either. Executing the desktop file in a terminal complains line 1: [Desktop: command not found
Will one of these degrade the sound quality in my two headphones?
any idea how to get rid of the border padding without changing my theme completely
Depends on your source, but probably yes.
well, can it?I want to do it even if it'll be barely usable
hmm, I don't really see the problem. Have you tried just modifying an existing .desktop file? I had to do that to get a soulseek desktop file working.You could also try and read the common keys and which ones are required, maybe you're missing something.down a bit and you should see the list.
also, double-check the name of the binary executable. Are you sure it's rTorrent and not rtorrent or Rtorrent or something like that?
I have 2x4GB of DDR3 RAM @ 665Mhz. Is there any significant disadvantage of having 665Mhz?
It's Debian, I don't think they're even able to do things.rtorrent is a terminal program; starting it requires opening a terminal window and running the program within it; something that seems to be much more difficult than it should be. I've seen terminal applications be listed in applications menus before on super-lightweight distros. Does anyone have access to one of those desktop files?
I've seen terminal applications be listed in applications menus beforeWell there's a key that labels the application as running in a terminal or not with the key  Terminal=True/false  so I would assume it's standardized
Fixed by copying openSUSE's mutt.desktop found here: looks like [Desktop Entry]Name=rTorrentExec=rtorrentIcon=terminalTerminal=trueType=ApplicationCategories=Network;FileTransfer;P2P;ConsoleOnly;Encoding=UTF-8
Just from my mobo. I was thinking about splitting it from a dac.
So what's the universally* agreed upon torrent client these days? I saw a lot of hype for some update on one of them a couple months ago and everyone was all "utorrent is finished ehh" but I don't remember what it was... qbittorrent?
rtorrent. You can use the .desktop file I just created two posts above yours.
Can anyone tell me why the LED on my Corsair H100i is now purple?Its usually white.
What kind of decent graphics card has VGA output only?Anyway, that's the port you need to use.  VGAHDMI.  Depending on what you're doing, vgacomponent video is also something to consider.
For windows.
Yes, it is possible in a variety of ways.  Virtual machine is the easiest.
rtorrent in cygwin
Ran out of 4 pins on my mobo for fans.  Is there something I can get that will allow me to plug 2 into 1 4 pin?
A 4pin splitter cable
thanks, splitter was the word I was looking for.  Is there a limit to how many of these I should use?
Don't connect more than 2-3 fans to one header or they may have problems starting on their own.
Can anyone help me with this?
Do your own research. I remember when these threads were a whole lot smarter.
Shameless bump.Ive tried googling this and get pretty much nothing helpful.
What's a good laptop that I could get solely for experimenting with programming and just being educated in general that is also cheap? I would love to immerse linux in my life too.
Your ram is 1333 Mhz Double Data Rate it sometimes shows as 665 instead of 667. Ram speed should at least match the CPU supported speed.
Fair enough. The thing is I'm already working on improving my SQL and PHP coding habits in hopes of doing some sort of web development for local businesses on the side in the near future, so was hoping I could kill two birds with one stone by rolling out my idea web-based first. I suppose I'll have to bite the bullet and get my hands dirty with Java.
/g/tpg
As a followup question. I find that I learn programming best from physical books. With online code I end up copy-and pasting and skimming over the actual explanations. With books, I find that I actually read and absorb the words, and read code line by line to understand better. That said, anybody have recommendations for a book that would be a good starting point for somebody with other language experiences, but no Java, looking to work on the Android platform?
Are NEC IPS panels good relative to other brands? NEC's prices seem to be through the roof but I can get link related for cheap  comparable to the U2412M I currently have Anyone have any opinions on NEC? They seem to not even cater to the consumer market anymore
it'll make most sense to run it in a fullscreen dosbox session1. it'll be fast enough for any 3.11 purpose2. no compatibility issues, and you'll have virtual access to any old hardware you want soundblaster, adlib, old video modes, etc3. still have a contemporary OS in the background, which will be convinient
Can I include the OS in a RAID array or do I need to have a seperate hard drive?
.desktop files are not executable, run them with "xdg-open"xdg-open /usr/share/applications/rtorrent.desktop
Are dedicated sound cards dead?
Just kill the installer  :^
I'm going to go ahead and say using pulsating DC, but I'm no analog wizard.
isn't general practice to just have the os on a flash drive and boot to ram?  we are talking about nas right?
getting a degree in somethingcuriosityembedded systemstinfoilsoftware developmenthosting game servers eventake your pick
why do niggers have yellow eyesare they even humans
They're essentially worthless, unless you have a serious sound set up.
os on a flash drive and boot to ramwill this method work with windurrs7?
Hey guys, I could use some help.I've been googling this first and thought maybe /g/ might have an answer. I have a windows 8 nokia lumia phone. We all know this phone is relatively trash. i was thinking of putting Ubuntu on it, the Ubuntu OS they have right now I think would work great. That or LollipopCan any one help me out?
or do you guys think I have a better chance at unlocking it and then selling it?
My Western Digital hard drive failed it doesn't show up most times when I plug it in most of the time, and when it does show up file transfers are really slow, also it occasionally makes a tic sound. These are WD's options for data recovery, which one is the cheapest?
Also, does the fact that it's a portable hard drive make it more expensive for them to recover? The price info isn't too clear on their websites...
do you know how to use ubuntu live? If so do that. Bring it up and see if ubuntu can do it.If you need instructions ill tell you
Would that help even if the drive doesn't show up in Windows?
I've had a similar issue with this, it's always a good idea to try at least.
I tried, it didn't show up in Ubuntu. I know my data is on there since on the rare occasions it shows up in Windows I can see it and I've copied a few files from it, but it was extremely slow. I think it's probably a problem with the motherboard/whatever on the hard drive. Would it really cost a lot to have them replace that part?
What is the best visual novel?
i dunno anon, your guess is as good as mine tbh
If I scan a website for SLQ vulnerabilities without a VPN, am I going to get raided? If yes, does that also apply to my personally owned websites? Or is it similar to assault, where I can just drop the charges?
I have a problem with Thunderbrid: some junk mails refused to be marked as junk see gif. Every time I set the junk status, it disappears on its own.. Is it because of Thunderbird or is it possible, that the mail itself is somewhat malicious and capable of doing that?Oh, and I don't have any messages filters!plz help
Are Bluetooth mice laggier than usb?
I'm have a nearly unbearable issue. My second monitor stopped working. It was user-error, obviously, but here I am holding back my tears as I can barely even use my computer now.Windows were all displaying normally on both monitors, but whenever I right-clicked something on my right monitor I noticed the context menu was opening on the far right edge of the left monitor. I went into nvidia-settings and only saw one monitor there if I'm remembering correctly, this was about 4 or 5 hours ago. I've been shitposting on 4chan and trying not to kill myself. I decided to hit apply. Maybe I switched from auto to 1080p for the left monitor's resolution so apply was clickable, who knows. Anyway, at that moment my right monitor turned off.So far I have installed arandr and checked there and saw only one monitor, deleted xorg.conf and ran smxi so it'd regenerate it, and even gone from the nvidia-current driver to the nvidia-beta driver. I'm having no luck. I asked in #debian and #crunchbang with no replies. They're usually very helpful but I guess everyone is asleep right now..Please help me. I'm on Debian Jessie, amd64.
What is your laptop running..? I would use an NFS share.
try xfce4-screenshooter instead. You should be able to install it stand-alone.
I'm a ThinkPad lover for life, but it's tough to say if I'd be able to stand the thinness and newer keyboard layout I own a T60p and a T420 which both use the older keyboard. I guess I'd probably be fine with one. Before ThinkPads I was into netbooks, and this is sorta like a netbook with a better pointing device.I'd be more likely to get the latest T series with the discrete nvidia graphics. Not really sure what your needs are.
smxi makes this pretty easy
Do I have to understand everything about a technology or language before getting a job? I'm scared that after I got the job they will put me immediately on a work where I don't have enough time to analyze their codes and end up spilling spaghettis everywhere.
Grisaia no Kajitsu
The proxy at the office is a bit nazi.Somehow it doesn't block 4chan SFW boards.How do I ruse it to browse the dangerous interwebs unhampered?
[solved in other thread]
My kindle was stolen last night. I deactivated the device on Amazon.Is there any way the thief can get my credit card info from the actual device? They made a few Kindle purchases with the credit card that was already connected through the account, but those have since been refunded. I just need to know if there is any menu or anything they can go to and view my actual card number. I can't verify that it doesn't display card info because I no longer have mine. Anyone who still owns a kindle or just happens to know the answer who can help me out? Thanks.
im gay?
Best freeware preferably not trash or adware tool to simply cut a VOB video file?
Are there any decent Android phones on the market that have a useful keyboard?And that isn't massively overpriced.
maybe
hey guys, dumbass here. Want to start watercooling my PC now that summer is here. Where do I go, where do I get started? I want to do gpu and cpu. thanksI understand literally how to get started but I dont know where to buy anything. A combo pack is ideal. I live in west coast USA btw
Trying to make a bootable cd iso from a usbThe files on the usb are payload.exe and autoexec.bat. Do I just drop both of those into power iso and click make bootable ?
What program can I use on Ubuntu to make a decrypted .iso of a DVD?
aaah holy shit how do I make beets auto-u instead of replacing my nice what tags with shitty fucking musicglanz slavshit?
I know one is not supposed to use magnetic screwdrivers to assemble a PC, but what about screwdrivers which use a magnet to hold the bit in, but the bit itself isn't magnetic? Are those okay to build with? Pic related, similar to the one I have.
one is not supposed to use magnetic screwdrivers to assemble a PClol what?  It's like you're asking to lose screws
So the Install Gentoo Wiki is full of shit? I googled the question and it seems like most people think magnetic screwdrivers won't effect anything.
What exactly does Omnicomplete/YouCompleteMe/Intellisense do and why is it useful for programming specifically c++?
I accidentally boiled too many eggs, anyone know the best way to uncook a few of these back to raw?
Doubt this is what you meant but if you get a USB on the go cable you can plug regular keyboards/any peripheral into an android phone and use it like you would on a PC
Will defragmenting my hard drive kill a virus?
Yes, you heated them up to cook them, right? So simply place your eggs in the freezer for the same amount of time you boiled them, and they will revert to their raw, uncooked state. After that, go back to /b/.
OK thanks
Does 32-bit programs use less memory? for example firefox 64-bit vs firefox 32-bits
It's autocomplete and it's useful for autocompletion.
Thats fucking retarded, don't listen to this numbskull OP! When the egg cooked it underwent a chemical change rather than a physical change like ice freezing. You can't just cool it down to reverse the change.What you need is a new chemical reaction to reverse the egg reaction. Take a gallon bucket and mix ammonia and bleach in a 1:1 ratio and throw the eggs in, that should revert them to an uncooked state. Don't worry about any fumes because that's just excess water dehydrating from the eggs
no
I've recently started playing Natural Selection 2 CPU intensive game. I own a PC with a FX-8120 which can't handle this game.What does /g/ recommend?1. Buy proper cooler and OC;2. Buy new mobo+CPU;3. ???
Overclocking rarely makes a huge difference.  Sometimes it can help if you're right borderline to where you could run it comfortably, to get yourself some extra wiggle room, but if it's just totally fucked I doubt you'll make it work great.
Is there an easy way to import passwords from Android chrome to Firefox android? I don't have access to a PC right now so I'm stuck on my tablet. And chrome/adblock is garbage on Android.
I only have trouble with big fights really. In the beginning of the game I can play at 60fps no problem.
But late game there is a lot of shit blowing up. I get around 24/25 fps.
Well, you can always try it I guess, you sure the CPU is what's bottlenecking you in those fights though?Might want to try a very small overclock on stock cooling and see if it helps any, then if it does go for the decent heatsink/fan.  I think water is usually overkill.
Which smartphone should i buy?
Yeah, NS2 has a great way to diagnose this. You run r_stats and it says the amount of ms that the game is waiting for the GPU.Beginning of the game = 2~3ms waiting for GPU 60fpsLate game = 0ms waiting for GPU 24fpsI might try to OC a bit then. I have one of these it is decent enough for me to get some extra MHz in? My CPU reaches 63ºC when playing at stock clock. Might be a bit too hot for it don't you think?
Implying Firefox has a x64 versionAre you talking about Waterfox?
Had this PC since 2007.Upgraded it a couple times since then.Friend says I cant upgrade it to a point where it is still relevant for gaming.Is he right ? or is there anyway i could get more out of this machine?I have 600 euro spare and willing to spend it on an upgrade if possible.
Well try a proper benchmark like Prime95 or something.  I wouldn't start to really worry until you get up to 80 or so.  Most CPUs are rated up to 100 anyway.
Can I use 2 graphic cards with this motherboard? Currently my GPU is in the slot next to the word "Gigabyte", and the only other slot is next to the words "Ultra Durable". Is this just random text on the board showing what it has?
read the fucking spec sheet on the site Should say SLI/Crossfire ready motherboard Make sure the PCI slots are both full bandwidth
Does the slave GPU in a SLI config still give output to monitors? I want more monitors than one card can give and was wondering if I could be running both cards with monitors plugged into them in SLI mode?
I like to use Stardict on Android. Do you know of any similar program that reads .dict files for Windows?
, 
How can you convert this? I've tried everything?is it just not possible? It was sent to me in this format and i was told to convert it to another format, preferably mp3.
ffmpeg -i "Input.wpl" -c:a libmp3lame -q:a 1 "Output.mp3"
this
Can a .mp3 file be used as playlist?
I didn't even both to look it up, that's hilarious. This belongs in stupid questions general.
trying to convert a playlist to an audio file
not bait, I know its dumb but its what I was sent
I'm looking for a new laptop, for portable office applications excel, outlook, chrome browsing & general programming following IT studies.What is /g/'s opinion on following laptop, bought refurbished?- T420s- i5 2540m- 4GB ram DDR 3- 130 SSDthis would cost me € 400. I'll add in an extra 4GB ram and maybe a new SSD.My plan is to use this as main workstation, with a docking station I'll enjoy a better screen when at home.My main concern is the battery life though.So /g/, is this build still powerful enough for current standards? Can I somehow get better battery life?
An x220 is more portable and with a 9 cell battery you can expect about 10 hours of battery life.I love mine.
I've got one, and it's great for the stuff you want to do, but battery life is disapointing. It lasts 5 hours for while doing office stuff, but for internet browsing and more intence use don't expect more than 3 hours. You can extend it with an ultrabay battery and expect around 4 hours.
mine only lasts 4 hours under normal use, and according to HWMonitor, the battery charges up to 80% of its max capacity.
so, get an x220? Battery life is quite important for me.Also, how is performance? Is it still on par with current standards? i.e. against i5 4210U 4GB + SSD etc
Its never been a problem for meI mostly use Office, MATLAB, National Instruments software, and can even run Dark Souls 2 at low settings quite well.With an SSD it's plenty fast.
i7 master race
Performances are really good, especially with a SSD, but if battery life really matter, it's not the perfect laptop
found one for € 350i5 2520m4GB DDR3320 G HDD For € 500 I can probably get it with SSD and extra 4 gig.Good bang for bucks?I think I'll go for x220
thats way overpriced, specially € 500.These are 4 year laptops
The T420s has pretty bad battery life, at least when compared to the T420 and X220. The reason is because it uses thinner batteries rather than the usual cylindrical ones, they just do not last as long.But a 9-cell with a T420 or X220 will give you plenty of battery life.
nvm i found € 290 for x220 with i72620m 250GB SSD4GB DDR3sounds like a great deal
I'm on a 420s right now with 8 gigs of RAM and an SSD and it's great.  My only complaint is that it runs around 60c, which is pretty ridiculous.
If you need even more battery life you could get the slice battery for your x220.
Are we getting shilled at by paid Windows marketers or are people legitimately this excited for more Windows bullshit?
is this the official Win10-tan?
What do you mean bullshit?Microsoft® Windows™ is the best operating system used on most computers in the world.Of course we would be excited for such a great product!Not shill, btw.
I honestly don't see a reason why would someone on /g/ use windblows. Unless they are a gaymer or do some video editing.

combination of winplebs shilling for free because they're genuinely excited for more botnet dog shit from M$ and some ebin memesters who know it gets a rise out of /g/
Yes, she is a qt.

People on /g/ are honest to god shithouse crazy nut jobs who see conspiracy and paid shills everywhere.  So yes, of course Windows marketers are spending time in their posh offices with their seven figure incomes posting on your insignificant little "technology" board.
Windows 10 is looking exciting, but no one is talking about the good stuff. Most people just shitpost in bait threads.
Le package manager face.
Le SSH face
There are more computers running Vista than all Anime/OS distros combined yet you deny a new Windows version to be not important?
That doesn't excuse knowledgeable, tech-savvy individuals like /g/ from not knowing better.
Shilled of course4chan is a great place for marketers, they only need to hire one guy to shill 24/7 and huge number of people will receive the message
le le face
THIS is why windows is better in Japan. 10 Does look amazing and a serious future glimpse
Having a hard on for MUH FREE SOFTWARES means you're tech savvyBeing a paid programmer does not
Isn't there some anime to watch? There are half-normal people that at least understand new Windows releases are interesting, especially if It's going to be the last for quite a while.
The stench of self-importance....
Why would I not be? I don't like Apple and I have a job so I don't have enough time to learn abstract bullshite to navigate Linux and get stumped at every corner because no useful program is actually made for that OS.
knowledgeable, tech-savvy individuals like /g/It isn't 2008. represents the average poster nowadays, which is why I rarely visit 4chan any more.
But /g/ is full of FOSS retards, why would they even bother shilling here you stupid fuck.
i don't have to be important to be targeted as a consumer, there's multiple marketing strategies, spray and pray strategy works best for places with huge number of people, like 4chanIn fact, there's not a single reason for companies to NOT shill here. It's free, it's anon, what more do you need?
implying you don't have /a/ open at all time
implying micro$oft covets a userbase of meme spouting retards
Experience says otherwiseFOSSfags are often the loudest here and they're for /g/ is muh special club reputation, i believe there's much more win users who just don't mention it as important thing
Reasons for companies not to shill here:- Nobody with money reads it- People here are literally retarded
Nobody with money reads itWindows 10 is freePeople here are literally retardedWhy would you exclude a demographic?
I don't think I've ever read a board that hates itself as much as /g/.
- People here are literally retardedcontrary to...what place with high number of people? Find me a place with huge number of people that are smartBeing stupid a plus for marketers, you'll easier swallow the shit they feed you
Do you expect me to preface my posts with, "I have a penis and I use Windows and I live on the greatest nation on earth but ..."
Congrats on missing the point
Windows 10 is freeNo it is not. There is no source code available, and I'm not free to redistribute it however I want to.
Most of the good posters left.Some of stayed and just shitpost now instead becuase there isn't anything left./g/ turned into a shithole.pawl diedfucken traps everywhere pissed off some postersfucken traps being removed pissed off otherswhere is ineliteapple threads hate or lovemuh desktop threadsmuh battlestation threadsmuh homescreen threads
how do you "shill" something that's free?
I didn't say it was Libre, I said it was free.you cannot commandeer the word 'free' to mean whatever the fuck you want.Free means 'Free of Charge' or 'Free as in Free Beer'Even Stallman realised using 'Free software' as a moniker was bad and since changed it to 'libre software'Windows 10 is Free.
No worries, happy to miss the next one!
The price is not money, anon.
le le le face face face le man face
free means what I want it to
7-tan was cool8-tan twins were cool10-tan isnt
using an OS that watches you masturbatenot having a chameleon in your computer
No he hasn't changed to libre software. He will happily use the term "libre software" but will use "free software" by default. He normally distinguishes his language with the phrase, "think free as in free speeh, not free beer"
Well actually it is, MS are playing the long game, get more people into the Windows Store ecosystem then they get 30% of every software sale like Apple.This isn't the same as Facebook or Google being having free products which sell you - it's the same as Apple or Xbox or Playstation - having a free OSor subsidized console, the OSconsole itself is loss-leader to sell Appsgames.
Oh, ffs, it's obviously the only thing that matters to people and businesses who aren't obsessed with "much freedums" like most of /g/.
Free means 'Free of Charge' or 'Free as in Free Beer'It can mean 'Free as in Freedom' too, but he certainly can't say it's *not* free while quoting you without first confirming which sense of the word 'free' you're using.
Hey, Cortana Do you like hardcore porn?
chameleons also have eyes mate
We're on /g/, so "free" means "free as in Stallman's crusty old pecker."
Actually yes. If you look in the dictionary, there are several meaning under "free". The vast majority of them refer to liberty while normally one definition refers to price or cost.Whenever I go down to a free market, I pick up one of everything without paying because I know it's a "free" market.
Sperg, the post.
sure, that's exactly what it means.
Pecker's a funny word.
Post, the sperg.
Yes but they don't care about you masturbating and they don't send that shit to some dubious company.
Microsoft shills are crazy, it's not uncommon to see them commenting on blogs that get single digit page views. I think they just check search engines and well known websites for anything related to MS.Their marketing strategy sort of relies on them completely saturating every social website possible. Typically they try to create the impression the product they are shilling is unbelievably popular rather than advertising it directly.Windows phone 7 and surfaceRT were blatantly shilled here, everyone hated them but /g/ was inundated with infatuated users that appeared then dissapeared as soon as the marketing push ended. It use to be even worse early 2000, the slightest mention of linux on any website that allowed comments would summon a horde of MS shills to try and convince you linux violates so many patents you will probably go to jail for installing it and that free software is the work of evl commies.
Dunno mane, chameleons often have hidden motives
I suppose it's too much to ask for proof of this supposed shilling when "it's so obvious, man!  Open your eyes, maaaaan!"
linux violates so many patents you will probably go to jail for installing it and that free software is the work of evl commies.This is all true, though.
anyone try out oneget yet? i don't have the resources to try out the tech preview
There are no shillsGood goyim
if you like what I don't like you're a shill- /g/ and /v/
Not what I said, retard.
Find me bigger tech board on the whole internet where you can freely post every few house WIN10 WON, IT'S OVER GUYS
houselel*hours
Reddit.
I suppose it's too much to ask for proof of this supposed shilling when "it's so obvious, man! Open your eyes, maaaaan!"Sometimes they get caught, Florian Muller comes to mind as an recent MS troll/shill that became infamous. I'm sure all the big tech companies do it but MS often seem to get caught out more than others. It's not clear if they are just clumsy or do it more often.Windows phone 7 threads were pretty funny, everyone ended up asking for pictures of the supposed fans phones but of course they could never produce anything besides pictures taken from google image search.
Go ahead, try to post IT'S OVER W10 WON every day
She looks more Aero-Themed than Nanami.
Video devices everywhere..why would someone edit videoI've always had dual boot for this sole only reason.Still, I’m puzzled that there isn't even a basic video editor on Linux where you can cut up and rearrange a few minute video without crashing or stalling your system. Even something virtual-dub tier would be welcome.
I'm thinking shills.Major market share is all MS has going for them. That erodes, there's no way they compete against superior alternatives. No doubt there's a fandom of useful idiots, but most of their talking points are provided by shills.
No shilling needed, because MS knows exactly who to pander to here already
bump
well, MS of Japan does, anyway...
Japan, Taiwan and Singapore so far
jagged fontlow quality jpegsabsolutely disgusting
It could be marketers or Windows children. They're here anyway if you haven't noticed battle station threads.
Not my fault microsoft can't into larger images themselves
waifu2x to the rescue
I am genuinely excited. But I'm a massive MS fanboy, rock hard over c#, .net and windows phone.6 years as a dev with MS stacks and counting
I tried, looks like ass
I have only a crummy old ultrabook, if anyone wants to resize I can upload the original pictures that I used so that it can be properly resized and fitted in again?
what is 30 cents per hour Vietnamese worker shilling windows to tech literate boards so that advertising can spread further for free from appeal to authority fallacyIt's like you've never seen a shill on /v/ and don't know how cheap shilling really is.
So /g/ is the epitome analogy of the gay rights movement or new atheism?
DIRECTX12
Is there a Japanese mascot for Microsoft Edge spartan yet?
I've been using Linux exclusively for the post 5-6 years, but I'm actually excited to try windows 10. I have to buy a new laptop anyway, so I'm just going to take everywhere of the free upgrade.Shit looks cool as fuck, I don't know why some people here are so butthurt about it or find it unbelievable that anyone here would look forward to it.
I don't think so.
he have a dick too
that's for compability reasons. Didnt' you know it runs iOS apps?
xray version
I'll try it in a VM out of curiosity. I've been using GNU/Linux since the end of 2014 and I don't think I'm going to go back to Windows.
Win 10 is the only thing I'm looking forward this year
10/10 best os confirmed
he thinks a major corporation would actually pay people to shill on /g/I'll take delusions of grandeur for 800, Alex
This is perfectly fine. I can fuck her ass and grab her tits. Then she can fuck me in my ass while she rests her tits on my back.
/d/10 user confirmed
De gustibus non est disputandum
Windows 10 looks pretty nice.The command console window has been improved, but it's still a retarded piece of shit.  You still can't do proper Unicode output.  Say you want to write Japanese characters.  You have to set your SYSTEM codepage to Shift-JIS, reboot, THEN you can display it.  They only care about their retarded fucking Powershell.For the most part, Windows 10 just gives you what you already have with Windows 8 + Classic Shell + VirtuaWin or similar virtual desktop switcher.I think my favorite aspect is the tablet vs desktop mode switching.  They finally pulled their heads out of their asses and stopped trying to shove one uniform UI on all form factors.
Why would the most popular and most successful operating system on the planet need people to shill it?
is windows 10 a theme or an actual new OS?
This is just so that windows can have you take her home, have a nice meal with her, talk about your feelings, and, when the time is right, she can turn you around and fuck you right in the ass.Well played, Microsoft.
Pegging is pretty hot, don't knock it till you've tried it. I'm not sure I can orgasm anymore without prostate stimulation.
I will have my pucker remain un-probed, thank you.I don't want my ass drooping or dripping.
People have started to install gentoo
linux users seem upset because they like how it looks and the new features lolbtw linux user here. i tried it out. buggy and had issues with my AMD drivers. but it wa smuch better than 8 and 7
I just got my first big boy IT 9-5 job. It pays pretty well, it's not too hard, coworkers all seem decent.But it feels wrong. I get home by 5:30, bed by 12ish. Feel too tired and drained to go work out anymore. Make dinner, slump at the computer for awhile, maybe take a shower and do some chores. Go to sleep and it starts all over. No girlfriend, no real friends either since they've moved away. Just some office job that gives me money for things I'm caring increasingly less about.Maybe that's life, maybe that's being an adult, but what's the point? Another 40 or so years of this? I don't know if any of you feel what I'm saying, I just wanted someone to talk to.
/adv/
I've been feeling like this the past couple of nights. I think part of it is because I haven't exercised in about a week. One of the saving graces is going out to the bar on the weekends with one or two friends, but even that can be hit or miss. Fuck it, I'm getting off my ass right now at 11PM and going to the gym
 tfw no gf
life isn't worth living
well I posted here since it's a /g/ job, but idk how much that has to do with itI wanted to do that too but it'd put me past my bedtime and then I'd have not enough energy to work tomorrow. Maybe you're right, I'll try to make myself go tomorrow after work.
take tomorrow off and do some peyote
/zone/
Make yourself an exercise regimen and stick to it. That actually will help a bunch. Next step: Do some networking and find friends. If you have any interest outside of computers, this is easy.
Welcome to the grind OP, now stop being a pussy. This is reality for people who want to pay their own way in life.
Start an internet black market and get rich.
Your job isn't your life, your job is an income supplement for your life.You have to make life worth living, don't fall into the trap of waking up when you're 50 and wondering what happened.Being tired sucks, but I guarantee if you go out and do things after work like gym and meeting new friends, you'll be significantly less tired.Be careful anon, spending every evening alone in a routine that is making you feel unfulfilled can easily slip into depression.
That's what it looks like, and it looks pointless. Work to live and live to work until you die.I wonder if there's a way to make a living in technology without having this cycle, short of making the next Flappy Bird.
IT9-5tiringnice joke
tiredboy, you work help desk. the fuck do you even do but look at funny pictures all day?
Are part-time IT jobs common? I've been thinking of working part time and living really cheaply so I could avoid this situation.
technically it's IT but it's not help desk, I'm a systems engineer
white sheltered baby complaining about his desk job and life
I work IT help desk, it is tiring for sure. Not tiring like playing a sport, but as in doing little to nothing all day. I worked warehouse jobs previously and its about the same feeling at the end of the day, sans muscle soreness
You must introduce a new pattern into your banal, banal life. Another read a new novel or something.
wageslaveryNot. Even. Once.
This x1000You fucking pussies working 8 hour/day office jobs complaining about being tired need to man the fuck up.Try working 12+ hour shifts as a trades worker, then kill yourself because you can't do it. It's like every person on here is either a fat, physically useless blob or a skinny, physically useless stick. Truly pathetic.
See if you can occupy your post work time by some club or something that your interested in. I started playing MTG at a store instead of online when I realized I was becoming a recluse. It  made me a few friends.
I am a fat stick. Call me Sticky Blobbins
9-5Home by 5:30cryingI work 7-17 and 8-18, I leave home 5 in the morning, I get home from work 19:30 if I'm lucky, 20:30 if I'm not.
Everything is relative. I'm extremely grateful to have this job and financial security, but it feels hollow. It doesn't seem constructive to say I should stop being a pussy because children are starving in Africa or because at least I don't have cancer - it's not that easy. If you've had a harder life then I can totally understand if it doesn't make sense to you.
tradies usually work only 3-4 days if they're doing 12+ hour shifts, or get paid OT which'll make ANYONE excited about working.their work is also more active for obvious reasons, its just a different type of tiredness.
you're an idiot for taking that job if you don't like it. the more likely situation, if you dont think that you are an idiot, is that you aren't qualified for a 40 hour work week like OP, which is pretty pathetic if you live in the USA.OPs situation isnt any less shitty because your life is even shittier.----------------------i know the feeling though. but i'm also an anarchist and dont have a job. if you are smart enough, just do your work freelance and remote. it's the only solution. don't get sucked into the idea that you have to give 33% of your weekdays to interests that aren't yours. it's human nature to do so, but exercise your ability to think creatively for yourself. stress is the main reason that humans do not live their full possible lifespan yes, it is even worse than heavy drug abuse. don't give in.
working fulltimeWhy do this to yourselfIf you've got experience / a degree you can earn enough money in a job you only work for half a week
I know this feel now as well. I'm thinking of biking to work starting next week to at least passively get in better shape. Also im trying to get my sleep schedule on better track so I'm not so tired. Idk why I was so quick to get out of college.
I have done trades work HVAC mechanic, software developer Python, PHP, postgresql, and a McJob produce clerk at a Superstore. When working 40+ hours a week the trades work was the best. When working part time the McJob was the best. The developer job was far worse than the other two, quite often I enjoyed the other two jobs but never the developer job. I now work as independent dev which a decent compromise, I make a lot of money though I miss the social aspects of work.
shut the fuck up, this isnt your blog. i bet this is fake and you're either trying to inspire us why? or you're trying to rile us up.
I'm almost considering going for my Master's like a previous employer suggested just so I can prolong it, but that'd mean more debt and the loss of this current, overall good job.What do you consider to be 'enough money'? I'm only 21 and this job brings in ~70, more than I ever had working internships and other part-time jobs. When I was little and in high school, I always wanted a high-paying job. That's starting to feel less important.
I think working 9-5 is kinda bad time.In my country, the job starts at 07:30 or 08:00.That way, you get more time when you get home. Also, you need to find purpose in life. Something where you progress.
I would agree. You also get more time to cook yourself a proper meal which pays off healthwise in the long run.
implying .onion sites aren't real
Sounds like some depression man. I definitely understand where you're coming from though. Life is kind of pointless, you work and live for the 1%. Accept it or change it. Don't be an hero on /b/ though you sound pretty alright.
You just got the job. Allow your body to normalize to the new schedule. Find out if your workplace had a gym and workout there before you leave work. It will perk you up and get the blood flowing for the rest of the night and it will keep you out of rush hour traffic.
I live in yurop. I live in a country with no jobs available outside of the capital, no apartments and no possibilities to get loans unless you're filthy rich or have a house already.I'm just glad I've got a job but I get quezy when people complain about being forced to work 9-5 jobs because they're so fucking full of themselves
Move to a civilized country.
It sounds like you are depressed. Get yourself checked out at the doctor if you can. I used to have recurring episodes of sadness, thoughts of the pointlessness of life and ideation of suicide through my twenties. I thought it was a regular part of the human condition. I thought that's what people were referring to when they said to just "snap out of it" because mine never lasted long. Then, when I was 27, it hit me hard and lasted for a year until I decided to man up and tell a doctor that I had been having suicidal thoughts. They redirected me to a psychiatrist and I was very shocked to find out that how I feel is not normal and that I actually had depression.Go get yourself checked out.
I had that problem when I got part time work.I was hauling rocks on a construction site for a few weeks, it made me so exhausted that when I got home, I didn't feel like doing anything.Usually I'd be gaming, and enjoying games, 16 hours a day pretty much, with breaks to eat and browse, movies and TV shows here and there.After working hard I didn't have the energy for anything, all I'd feel like doing was watching reality TV shows on Youtube and then sleeping early.It basically changed my personality.Fortunately it was part time work and I was able to go back to being a worthless NEET soon after, but it really made me understand how little energy people with jobs can have at the end of the day.
I know that feel and I also know the feel when you have zero money and HAVE to get a job to survive.Reality is quite sad for the most of us who don't have exciting jobs, you learn to live for the weekends and make the most out of your free time. Depending on the people around you, you might even enjoy coming to work.Either way, for the majority of us this is life and you have to accept it one way or another.
Go to bed, wageslave! You have to wake up early to work for my NEETbux. Also don't forget your boss needs a new boat. So be sure to work extra hard tomorrow for the both of us.
Hey OP, what job do you have?
that pic is way off.at least when comparing it to me.
Your body will get used to it and you'll have more energy after work in awhile. I had the same issue when I started construction work. Force yourself out our you'll get fat.
I'm in a similar situation, quality tech at a food manufacturing facility. Not especially hard or anything. Have a gf, but don't really have time or energy for her. All I do is get home, sleep, rinse repeat. At the moment I'm working full time and she is part time and going to uni. It sucks because I have dropped so many projects that I either lack the motivation to start them or continue where I left off. Only 'break' I have is on the weekends and I'd rather drink and play some vidya.If you ask me, its part of growing up. Or it could be that we are cursed to be wageslaves. Trust me, I was much happier when I was broke anf it was just me and gf in a tiny 18x12 room and my pc keeping the room warm during the winter watching movies or animu. Tbh, part of me wants to go back to that but reality is that it is wanting more, better things, and having to work hard for them that makes us miserable.Unless you have a gf or family, you have nothing holding you back. You can go out, explore, move somewhere else. Nothing is worse than wanting a change of scenery and not able to because others depend on you.
This is why people have kids even though they're a complete drain in every way imaginable.It gives them a purpose to the slavery they're in.I'm the same as you except a gf. I think I need some friends but I'm not very sociable.Just be glad it's only 40 hours a week. I've done 50/60 hour weeks and that's really shitty.People who think office jobs are sweet and easy 24/7/365 have obviously never worked one. Give me some trade where I use bugger all grey matter any day.IT can be fucking horrible when shit goes wrong, especially mission critical stuff that you cannot leave until fixed.
where does NEET man live?
Damn, I'm about to be feeling this whole thread in a few months. I just graduated college and am going to start looking for a job,time to hit real life I suppose.
I never want to start real life.
complaining about employmentcheck your privilege, there's people even in this thread right now that would kill to be in your position
MasterWell here's my two cents. Don't go for the master, there is no point. You don't learn anything you don't already know unless you want to go into research or something.Sit tight at your job and just look for other opportunities. Maybe think about how you could start freelance work or something. Just think about it, you really won't be able to get started with it while you are in this state.
I had this problem as well. Believe me OP, 9-5 office jobs, whether they are related to IT or not, are pure cancer. I've avoided such environments since and instead started my own company. Basically I just go around and help people with their computers, occasionally making a website for them or some script or program for something they want done easily. It feels more like a hobby than actual work, the only really boring part is the administrative work that you have to do yourself. I can't say it pays loadsemone, but it's enough to live on, and I have the freedom to just do whatever the fuck I want.
Op. I think this is less about your job. Anybody should be able to do 10 hours of doing things without feeling tired. Depressed and worthless, sure, but that's life.Do you eat 3 meals a day? With all your nutritional requirements? Do you drink half a gallon of water minimum every day?I think op is complaining about not having a life outside his job. Not how shit his desk job is. So focus on things outside his job. Like lack of energy or lack of sleep.
Try working 12+ hour shifts as a trades workerLike a plumber?I thought people who knew a trade were paid tons of money and felt great about it.
Get paid loads of money to wear your joints out by 30.
mfw I do contracts during the day and work a comfy quiet IT support job at night playing games and browse the chanHelps not having a gf to spend my hard earned money away.
Anybody should be able to do 10 hours of doing things without feeling tired.u wot
2015not being a third world wage slavenot working 10 hour daysdo you even live in a slum, bro?
9-5 life is bullshit, OP. It's time to wake up.
My brother works 60-80hrs per week welding. He loves the money but hates the job.
save up dosh enough for a year to pay for your living expensesself financed neet, all the time that you could want, throw in a vacation or two to sunny places in there as well.its easy. Just part of good terms and make sure that you leave with enough experience to find another job in a years time.
real talk, uplifting response.faith in /g/ restored.
bed by 12ish9 to 5 jobFocus more on your sleep. Dont stay up that late. Sleep is very underrated these days, but it can make or break your life easily. In the longer term it can give you brain damage. It can help to trigger Alzheimer even. Sleep should be your first priority. Everything else should get the fuck out of the way for it.Get them melatonin pills, shove a couple of them at 10pm. If  that aint enough, get some strong alcohol. Intoxicate yourself so you can sleep. If you havent got a gf, fap even to sleep better.I know I am doing these things. Every day is a struggle to sleep more hours. Booze, pills and fapping.Yet in the end its worth it. Good sleep, some exercise and a good diet made my life much better. Lay of the soda's, sugars and artificial bullshit and you wont get up out of bed with a frown. The rest should come natural as you are in your best state to make decisions and pass judgements.
 Lay of the soda's, sugars and artificial bullshit and you wont get up out of bed with a frown.
Its easy to get into a breakdown once on this path and most people will just discard this advice and merrily continue on it, hey, its all science as well but apparently its important for people to learn every time how nice it is to fuck themselves up with bad eating habits and horrible sleep.enjoy your downfall because of some manner of solipsism.
start climbing, first go to indoor gym,then proceed to go to outdoorsyou will sleep betteryou will get excerciseyou will get ripyou will get climbing friendsyou'll be in nature, where you suppose to bepeace dude
tips fedoraunsheathes catanasips mt dewthey up your insulin hard which makes you feel like shit
I was implying that a healthy diet isn't going to improve your life significantly unless your current diet is really fucking terrible.
catana
catanaplsnobully im not well versed in neckbear
man up and tell a doctor thatyou got it wrong, pussy nigga. Depression is part of the life, every time you lose purpose or control over the situation or feel weak, in other words if you are not man enough you deserve to be depressed.So man up and fuck this girly things like depressions and suicidal toughts
more than half of the population is obese, its something to 64% who are obese. Which pretty much correlates to bad diets mostly.So its fair to tell that the majority of people do have terrible diets. Coke and sugary water is normal to drink. So yea, thats why I told him to stop doing that. Because people here are not special in regards to diets, nerds are bad with food i know because I used to be one myself who loved computers but didnt know shit about food
There are two types of mornings in this life I can surmise;I wake early in the first to help supply the second type
this girly things
 Fucking 9-5 office jobThat's not *that* tiring.Make a point to sleep 8 hours set a "go to bed" alarm if you must, eat well yes, that sometimes means 30 minutes to one hour of cooking, hydrate and also work out a little.If your body is getting what it needs, you'll be fit for like 14-15 hours a day close-ish to the entirety of the time you're not asleep.
you need some companionship.get a catmake some friends and hang out with themget a girlfriendeither of those things could help.
Yeah, I'm sure that works out great when they ask you in an interview what you've been doing in all these years off.
Give it 2 weeks and you should adapt.I spent my first fortnight being absolutely wrecked when I got home. Eventually I barely felt tired after unless I'd been worked like a dog that day.
fuck me. that NEET man and wageslave pictograph fucking says how it is.tired of being the wageslave.someone should write a book on how to become neet and stop being a wageslave.
Hey, I got a picture too! Maybe you can get it etched on your tombstone?
How do I start this myself.Also any tips on some IT interview? I'm interviewing with the Owner and HR. Not sure of their technical background, though I have reason to believe it's quite limited. Job details working with networking which I have exposure too but am not a master of it for example never worked with switches what do/tips?
yfw those 15% consist 100% of drug addicts, yolo gang members and degenerates that nobody gives a shit about
Not all of us are autistic enough to qualify for government money
NEET man and wageslave pictograph fucking says how it isno, it says how neets wish it were
How did you get started on being an independent dev?
I got a job in January. Working is overrated. I miss the NEET life but I can't go back because I'm no longer in college.
i cant dew this anymore
no energy to workoutSuck it up buttercup, I work a 9-5 and I still get gym time in MWF. Just get a decent preworkout that has low caffeine so you can sleep at night. Dr. Jekyll is good, N0 Extreme is expensive but OK. Dr. Jekyll is $30 for 30 scoops on Amazon.
in a fantasy world
This is because you are a pussy.Just did a 7 month deployment working every day for 12 hours a day. You don't know tired faggot.
How to become a NEETGet disability/SSI/WelfareStart hoarding cheap useless crapDowngrade to a small room/basementLive the rest of your life adding to your useless crap collection using some of your welfare checkRepeat until you die in a pile of Mountain Dew and Doritos
That's what I said too. I quit my full time software engineer role about 2 months ago. I got a job offer for part time doing the same shit. I dont believe in slaving away just to work. Now I have to put in about 20-25 hours of work a week with the option of working from home to enjoy my life. Fuck digital slavery, mah nigga. Reshuffle your cards after you put in your one year.
Fuck dude. I'd kill for a 9 to 5. I'm in level 2 Redhat/Solaris support--both shitty niche OSes, but the pay is well. My grippe is that the job is adjusted to the Pacific Time Zone and I work on the east coast. It makes going to classes, spending time with family, appts in general nearly impossible.
Note that my shift begins at 11officially at noon and ends at 10officially at 9 with a 40 min drive in either direction. Plus our team doesn't get weekends off. Hopefully getting the hell outta there soon.
this.
Agreed.
There is no reason to have a job in 2015.
Maybe if you worthless sacks of atomized, indoctrinated wage slave shit got organized and demanded a shorter work day you wouldn't face this predicament. Reduction in hours hasn't kept pace with the vast productivity gains of the 20th century, despite it being a cornerstone of the labor movement before then. What the fuck is going on?
Except for eating and living somewhere, right?
9-5 is fucking easy. Workout at 7h30, go out at night, you having fucking plenty of time.
It's pretty common where I live.Just be careful that they don't hire you as part time, but then expect you to put full time into your assignments.
"Quit your job if you don't like it! Fuck income!""I don't have a job, but please listen to my advice about jobs!"Jesus christ
This a thousand times.Exercise breaks this routine if your friends can't do anything or if you have none. I got myself some glorious K2 Il Capo blades and have basically been "demonstrating" at the riverfront with them.
How's that art history degree going for you?
Food and housing will be provided for you if you live in a civilized country Read: A western country other than America.
Only until your precious neet bux are taken away from you.
Some of us have aspirations greater than fucking government housing
That's life. At least you have a career and an education.
NORMIE REEEEEEEEEEE
get a catNo thanks I don't want toxoplasmosis
Dude, I do the same as you.But I've got all my friends still here, and a gf.I would suggest making new friends and getting a gf, then you'll be sorted!CHIN UP STALKER, YOU CAN DO IT. BE STRONG IT
K2 Il Capo bladesI've been wanting to take up inline skating since my high school m8 showed it to me, too bad i moved away and the only skate park nearby is filled with "stoner plankers mom pick me up at 5".
I used to work as a picture framer and before that a sign writer; but those jobs got monotonous once I head learned mostly all there was to know about them. I prefer my IT job because there's always new stuff to learn, it's a much more boarder field.
People keep suggesting exercising, gyming, going out and climbing and shit. But the problem is, when and how the fuck do you do it?
when you arent at work
So 6pm to 8am?
yes
Yes and on weekends.
yesSubtracting 8 hours of sleeping and 2 hours of driving, that leaves 4 hours remaining, not even nearly enough for dinner, showering, taking shit and posting a thread on /g/.
if you really wanted to do something you would make time for it. dont make excuses for yourself and then whine, like people who say "well I wanna get fit and eat healthy but I just dont have the time for it"
Scrap out posting a thread on /g/ that probably saves you a few hours wasted.
Join a bowling/darts/billiards league.  Half the people are complete amateurs, everybody drinks, you meet lots of people.  Not all of them are alcoholics just because they're out at the bar.Professionals, service industry people, blue collar folks.  You'll make friends, know who to call for services or to fix shit you can't or won't do, and might even get laid.
do u work? its so easy to spout bullshit like this but actually doing it is whole different story
maybe if you work 12 hours a dayotherwise its just lack of willpower
muh will powermuh motivationShits NEETs say.
lolcarry on making excuses for yourself if you want, its not my problem
Yeah dude, I feel you. Now that I'm way more busy I have less time to work out and that directly ties to me becoming super lethargic. Also, I'm really close to reaching my goal body so I don't feel as motivated anymore. When I had classes every day it was super easy because I'd just go to the gym in between classes.
What a life. I'm jealous.
NEET life can be pretty depressing. Not enough income to do much anything meaningful and it's easy to fall into a routine of poor sleep, poor nutrition, and too much video gaming and other low forms of entertainment. Day in, day out. But there's more. You start to yearn for the working life. But once you have a job, you miss the NEET life. There is no escape.
bawwww money and assets aren't real happinessHow fucking helpless are you people, actually? A job is the means to acquire money and influence, which is the only way to accomplish your dreams.It's nobody's fault but yours if you don't have any dreams to accomplish.
I was NEET by choice for 6 months living off residual savings from my last job. By the end I would work anywhere if I could. Now I'm working 50+ hours and making good money again, but have absolutely no time for the vidya or computers especially since I want to keep working out, the most Internet I get is on my phone during work. Feels kinda bad, going to save up another 6 months of livelihood and quit again I think.
working in a modular business where you're just another swappable componentYeah, this is where most people fuck up and wonder why their station in life feels so transient and inconsequential: because it really is.You want a paying job that's fulfilling, makes you important, irreplaceable, and makes you willing to work extra hours unpaid just because you take so much damn pride in doing things right?Join or found a startup. Get into a small business where there's no bloat or overly-defined way of doing things beyond "get it done correctly". You see the effects of your work ripple through the company, people will rely on you as an expert and an irreplaceable pillar of the company because there structure that manages your department is the one you created and are currently powering. It's obviously less secure and more risky businesses can and will fold over small oversights, but the success is so much more... yours.I go home exhausted, but feeling like a million dollars, because I'm integral to something bigger than myself, and I make a very comfortable living doing it. Plus, we've had a great deal of success recently, and there are way fewer mouths and infrastructures hanging around to eat up that extra profit, compared to say, anything corporate. I'm out-earning the fuck out of my formal education level GED, with full benefits, because this company would be in serious shit if I up and vanished, and that same factor makes my work fulfilling as fuck.If you can completely fuck up your job without really hurting the company you work for, and the worst consequence for doing so would just be you getting fired, then yeah, you're gonna feel pretty inconsequential overall. If you're not gonna make any best-bro-tier friends there, then you should actively be searching for something that would value the role you play.
Fuck. I was NEET by choice too for the longest time. When I was in college it was basically NEET life too since I only had to attend classes for 10+ hours per week.I've been working for close to a year since graduation and I'm missing having all the time to myself. I have enough savings to return back to being NEET for a long, long time because of my parents resources, but it just feels like a step back.I just don't know anymore.
Could Microsoft's biggest Windows 10 feature be AllJoyn powered interoperability?Are you ready for smart homes anon?
no
Can't change primary dnsKillme.jpg
Does anyone else just not save passwords at all? It feels like such a purposeless and dangerous luxury.
passwords? no I use phrases.
Use something like keypassX to store a local encrypted database.
If a site has password recovery then I barely even bother to remember my password. Just have to know password to my email account.
I just don't like saving them at all, when in general I can remember most all of them.
your password must be between 4 and 6 characters long and contain exactly 2 numbers, 1 capital letter and 1 symbol
You forgot to tip your fedora.
sounds like a security flawand 1 symbolno not THAT ONEnot that one eitherjust fucking use the dollar sign
Passwords aren't as bad as security questions. I got so fed up with my bank, which asks one of my security question even after entering my UN and pass. If you dont type it exactly like I did the first time at the bank, it wont let me in. I've started standardizing my security questions, so no matter what question it is, the answer is always the same, like another password
I use my own custom combo of uebonics, 733t, and elements of pig latin to create a 3 word phrase no spaces describing what i hate most about each site or app each passwod is for.  Without committing any to memory, I am have a 99%+ first try success rate.
Non critical sites I just save the password and move on.  The critical sites for banking and other money related activities are set to never remember the password.
How does XKCD stay SO relevant, all the time?How can one man be so based?
A good plan if you use different passwords for critical sites. This is why the oft-cited XKCD scheme for generating passwords -- string together individual words like "correcthorsebatterystaple" -- is no longer good advice. The password crackers are on to this trick.
How to make a good password that you can remember assuming you have any semblance of muscle memory:Randomly type 8 characters or so on the keyboard, be sure to hold shift for a few of them. This ensures that the password isn't extremely awkward to type. For every website you use the password on, add an abbreviated version of the site to the end. If the site has weird rules and doesn't allow whatever symbols you produced, just don't shift those on that particular site. Now you have a unique password for every site that you can still easily remember.
 This is why the oft-cited XKCD scheme for generating passwords -- string together individual words like "correcthorsebatterystaple" -- is no longer good advice. The password crackers are on to this trick.AKA bullshit; proving that the author has no fucking clue what the xkcd comic was even going on about
relevantbasedrandall, please leave.
I just use lastpass, generate a random password, login with it then confirm that as the password with lastpass.
I remember all my complex passwords but my memory is shit in every other regard
letmeinThis one is just pathetic
the only issue with saving passwords in your browser is if you get your device stolen or someone uses it who isn't supposed to.so physically secure your shit and it wont be an issue
Mfw no words in the English language are allowed so I use my ebin memes
 Password crackers Implying "password" is the same difficulty to crack as "thisismypassword"I guess they're aware people are generating random passwords that they themselves can't even remember, guess I should just give up and make my password "123" since they know all the ways I make my passwords now. No point encrypting anything since they know how I make my encryption passwords too... Wow, I am so fucked, better get rid of my debit and credit cards since they know how I make my pin too.This guy literally says to use a password manager when he claimed hackers will index and look through ever file on your harddrive to find your password... That makes cracking 10 passwords into cracking 1 password, but this guy knows what the fuck he is doing right?All this really boils down to is if your password is in the cracker's dictionary, if it is, or they are bruteforcing it, then they will crack it given enough time. This guy is literally trying to scare all the sheep into thinking some guy in Africa really wants to waste processing power for months just to get access to your banking info which most banks have safeguards for when someone tries to clean out your saving account into some shitty Syrian bank.
The best password is the longest password. Length gives better protection than complexity and is easier for humans to remember.
, 
I read, a while ago, a white-paper which described someone doing something similar to this. Haven't actually tried it out yet, but am curious if anyone has experimented with this. Concept: enable network data to be captured, in-line, with little packet loss. Say, for example, you only have access to a portion of the cable as it's routed through a wall. Ideas? Thoughts?
**Note: In the paper, the user described using a USB Ethernet port along with his onboard port, and compiled the data from both into wireshark.
If you had physical access to the line, why wouldn't you just cut it, splice both ends into cat5 connectors, and plug them into a router? you could monitor all the traffic you want without loss.
Someone's going to notice that their line got cut. Also all the error rates will skyrocket.
Lets say that the line is in constant use and that network security would detect the downtime between both points. Cutting the wire would be a huge red flag that someone is tampering with the line?
What I thought was cool, about this method, is that it simply exposed the wire, but didn't cut it. In fact, when you're done capturing data, simply stuff the wires back in and cover with color electrical tape.
when did passive mean cutting, lol
I have a feeling that OP is a crappy spy who forgot how to do his job.*Meanwhile at Hotel Moscovitz*Ivan! We're through the wall, I see the cable!Now wat do, how we look at data?Don't ask me Vladimir, I don't know.I'm just the driver.Well, no worries Ivan. I go to 4chan and ask them!
Haha. No. LoL. Just a CyberSec student who is bored of what they're teaching me in class. I just wanted to prove to the class that this is possible, and then, try to work in justification for motion detection, in ceiling tiles, near cable routing--- on job sites.
7/10
Hey, I studied for, but did not complete, the CCENT several years ago and have maintained passive interest in networking since then, so I feel qualified to answer your question.I feel like you need a special decoder for the tapped data. To listen passively, it shouldn't send any data out, not even ACK, so it shouldn't be connected to any device with a MAC. I'm not even sure it would listen, since it's not addressed to it. And if it DOES have the same MAC, then your device might screw things up by saying "Yes! I'm the computer! I got your message!". You should probably just record the data line pulses by connecting the wires directly to GPIO pins on some microcontroller. Then later, you can try to interpret the pulses of electricity as data. That way, you won't interfere with data transmission.
Thank goodness. An intelligent internet. 3 Much appreciated.
 You gave me an interesting idea. Utilizing a device, such as the one you described, would really wreck havoc in an environment which utilizes power over Ethernet, or Ethernet over power networks! Fun ideas! Good times!
Hey OPWhat you need is 2 network cards that can operate in promiscuous mode, Linux, and WiresharkGood Luck
Couldn't you just crimp a couple RJ45s onto the two ends and plug them into a computer and tunnel all the traffic that goes across, dumping all the traffic that goes through the tunnel?Somehow I don't think you have to go that crazy of a hardhack to do this.
Are you sure the wires can never be disconnected? Would network security really notice that and not attribute it to a glitch or maintenance? You could even use a specially configured hub to do it.You're really over thinking this, what you would need is this...I think this would be sufficient for all networks except high security DOD. You can even buy things off ebay that do it. It's even easier to tap fiber, but with specialized networking equipment its possible to detect the tap. With copper its impossible.
The easiest way to do this is using an old ethernet hub. All traffic is forwarded to all ports.
definitely would not work. What is wrong with cutting the cable and attaching connectors to both ends then using a network switch with a cable to a computer that creates a man in the middle attack?
Ask NSA.BTW, it is illegal and you'll be thrown in jail.
I use to carry passive network tap in my old EDCpic related its the one with 4 ethernet connectors on the faceplate.It does work.

Might as well plug a hub if you're going to physically interfere with it like that.They're the loudspeakers of networking, the retard who shouts when you're meant to whisper.
motion detectioncosts a bomb and you'll get false positives every time a dust bunny blows from one side of a ceiling tile to the otheryou'd be better off with STP and some kind of impedance- or resistance-change detection on the shield weave to detect cutspromiscuous mode
I feel like you need a special decoder for the tapped data. To listen passively, it shouldn't send any data out, not even ACK, so it shouldn't be connected to any device with a MAC. I'm not even sure it would listen, since it's not addressed to it. And if it DOES have the same MAC, then your device might screw things up by saying "Yes! I'm the computer! I got your message!". You should probably just record the data line pulses by connecting the wires directly to GPIO pins on some microcontroller. Then later, you can try to interpret the pulses of electricity as data. That way, you won't interfere with data transmission.Holy shit you are clueless about fucking everything. What the fuck?
you can punch cat-5 conductors down into a keystone jack as in OP's pic without cutting the copper, that's actually how it worksyou have to be careful patching it back up since it does nick the wire and you can easily snap it if you flex it too hard, but OP's pic is totally plausible, at most you might drop a packet or two unless you're ham-handed enough to cut the wires instead of punching them down properly
Isn't that a vampire tap?
ninja now.
I made one of these before.  It works, however, lots of errors leading to lots of tcp resends even on 100mb. 10mb probably ok.
If the network had high bandwidth the hub wouldn't keep up and the line would suddenly be hugely congested.If it was a place where security was an issue the switches the cable is plugged into may note and flag any loss of connection.
connect a router? onto a network that already has a router? WTF sorry, you must be retarded, and therefore this is not the board for you
2routerLOL!
are you being serious?
Get fiber faggot
You can even buy things off ebay that do it. It's even easier to tap fiberI've got a fiber line running through my front lawn, is it really easier to tap than coax? Connecting fiber to something else without any specialized equipment is near impossible for what i've seen.

How does the internet work if you can only have one router on a network?
Tapping a fiber is possible. I read somewhere that the NSA does this, already, on cross content submarine communication lines;however, they're just collecting meta data. As far as tapping a residential fiber line--- probably would have to scope the bundle.
they're just collecting meta dataKekThey're scraping everything. They're not keeping everything, but they're scraping and collecting everything that's likely to be worth keeping- like encrypted data, audio and plaintext.Something they're going to be doing soon is audio parsing, and storing audio as text with the audio for their algorithms.

Actually not illegal unless it's a government line.Technically you're free to capture anyone's traffic, it's only illegal to try to do something with it.
Or you can just use a fucking hub note: hub, not switch and configure your firewall on your pc to not allow data to be send.
With the right equipment, sure fiber can be tapped.But definitely not as easy as coax
This. You cant rip metadata with out first having the entire file.They just throw away what they dont want later.
I saw a security talk once by a guy who explained how to build an ethernet wiretap. It looked like a little device with three ethernet ports and it allow to spy transparently on the traffic.I wanted to link it here for you but I couldn't find it.It was from a security con.
That's the most ignorant thing that I have ever read on 4chan.
but what about two freaking things sticking out like a sore thumb atacched to a wire?Ah come on now
Keep in mind this only works for 10/100.  Won't work for gig.  For gig - since it uses all 4 pairs - you have to have an active tap.  For 10/100 though it works fine.  I build them from a 4 gang surface mount box.  You get in, out and 2 monitor ports.  Run those to linux/bsd and put your two nics in bond mode i.e. on NOT lacp.  tcpdump on that bond interface.
this one will kind of tap on Gig-e. It will degrade the link down to 100mbit, but it will still workThe target may or may not notice.
Hey /g/Looking for someone who could help me out getting the cell ID for a mobile phone number.Sadly, me and some others are being harassed by this said number and finding out the area where this person is would mean a great deal to us.Thanks in advance.Skype = pcjb90
Is there a reason to not just use Windows Media Player for playing music/ripping cd's? Is there any better program for this purpose? I don't know much about music programs /g/.
At least use EAC when ripping CDs you fucking faggot
no FLAC supportNo thanks.
These.
Does windows compress it even when it exports to wav?Isn't wav just as good though? They're both lossless?
if youre not gna bother with quality might aswell listen to your music the same place you download itmp3 rocket
I don't know much about music programs /g/.Then Windows Media Player is perfect for you. Enjoy.
Yes.Now go away.

Alright give it to me straight /g/.Im building a budget pc and Have the option of getting a 770 2GB maybe 4GB if lucky 960 2GBr280X 3GBWhich one is the best choice. Theyre all about the same price +/- $10. The r280X seems to have a slightly better performance but uses twice the power which could be used towards overclocking the 960 the achieve the same results. The 770 is a little cheaper than the 960 and it seems that they only differ in 2fps on average. Ive always been an nvidia shill so I know that the 770 and 960 have shadowplay and downsampling to make 1080p look even better so Im leaning towards the 4GB 770 if possible. Does AMD have their own equivalent capabilities. Furthermore I feel like the 960 would be a better investment since I could just get another one later when I have the money and buy a new motherboard and not have to switch out the psu since 2 960s consume as much as the r280x
GTX 960 4GB
As a general rule, you don't want to SLI cards that low.You'd be better off trying to cut costs where you can and bump up to a 970 or 290x.Downsampling also will take an extreme FPS hit with a 960, a bit of a hit with Shadowplay as well.I'd probably do a 960 with those options.
help!r7 265 or 750 ti?
265, isn't it GCN 1.2?
960 4GB is not an option. Why do you guys suggest the gtx 960 over the r280X when the raw performance of the r280X is higher.
Hi, I have an LG G3 with 16gb, and a 64GB Samsung microsd, 46 mb/s reading -18 mb/s writing.I was thinking to set the microsd as the principal storage but, besides the procedure, I have few question:Since I have a hig end smartphone, would the sd affect the performances? Would you recommend me to do it, or it's a stupid thing?
shameless self bump
Hi /g/,Any help with finding stories of journalists, activists or scientists who's laptops have been owned? I need strong examples for a workshop on the importance of security. Think of people who don't believe it is possible or that "this will happen to me". Something that could scare them and motivate to learn.
eh I'd frame it in terms of financial losses. 'Do you want to be the guy held on the line for millions of dollars of damages?''You lock the door to your house don't you?'
scare themmotivate to learnPick one and only one.
Thanks, financial losses is a good line. But real life examples would work the best. Videos would work the best and yes, I did search but found nothing strong enough.
OP, I want them to learn, but it is almost impossible to make them understand why. They are not grasping the threats even people who work with activists in Egypt or China...
What's better and why?
Linux Mint
Arch is more usableGentoo has more street cred
/thread
Arch is tiny and bleeding edge. Gentoo is an ever expanding tool box and more for testing and breaking things.
Ubuntu.
That is the most accurate take on this. Also, Gentoo will always lose to arch on embedded or if the user only has light weight systems. They're both great and I've played with both, but one is focused as a tool set and the other is focused on minimalism. Ubuntu and derivatives for basic desktop and beginners. It receives a lot of shit, but Canonical actually helps give legitimacy to the community Arch for tinkerers and embedded machines Debian & Red hat for enterprise Gentoo for computer engineering and the obsessed Elementary OS for asshats
This is a very subjective subject.I like Arch more, because I'm not patient enough to compile every piece of software I use. But I like the idea behind Gentoo and I don't think it is a bad distro.There's no better one. It boils down to preference.Both aren't named Arch GNU/Linux or Gentoo GNU/Linux, which is ideological choice that I don't like very much.
Every time I tried to install gentoo I got a kernel panic, it's a meme distro, so Arch for me.
Gentoo because ease of use
WHO THE FUCK USES ANY OF THOSE PIECES OF SHIT WHEN YOU CAN HAVE WINDOWS HAHAHAHHA FUCKING RETARDS
Fox grapes
/thread

If you want simplicity, you have *buntu, Fedora, Debian.If you want customization and complete control over your environment and software, you've got Gentoo.Where does Arch fit in? How is it different from a stripped down minimal installation of anything in the simplicity category?
You forgot about AUR.
Linux from scratch if you a real nigga
Layman's overlays and portage in general are superior.
 option A or B?C.
It gives you almost all the advantages of Gentoo, and is a fuck of a lot easier to install and maintain. Often ends up running faster and being smaller IME
elementaryOS is for asshatsprefers unitygtfo
That's why /g/ is indeed a special board./thread
Trisquel because RMS aproves it.
They're both memes.
back to /s4s/ namefigs :^
funtoo
slackno broken dependency shit.arch is for spergelords.
DebianI enjoy packages from the last 5 years, no thanks
Arch. I haven't installed or used funtoo. But imma vote Arch anyway.
arch is for spergelordsjudging a distro not on its own merits but on the merits of a fictional userbaseNo Anon, you are the sperglords
Arch: write every config file from scratchGentoo: compile everything from scratchThe difference: in Gentoo portage does everything for you, in Arch you have to do it yourself.tldr; Gentoo is less effort and Sabayon even less
How to distinguish a Linux user whose opinions are safe to be discarded: he defends Arch Linux.
Great argument, kid.
How to distinguish a Linux user whose opinions are safe to be discarded, Part II: after being insulted he will reference your lack of 'argument'.
seriously, why is there SO much scripting add crap on sites nowadays? #soundingLikeGrandPa
#soundingLikePaLet me guess. You just finished finals and you're preparing for your comp sci 101 course in the fall?
YAY FINALS IS OVER!!!....only 4 more days till summer courses -.-upvote for being college cool comp sci major!! :D
actually former physics major, but stumbled into this web thingy corporation business
kinda, halfway through some certification .... x
Ouch, good luck with that, unless you get a PHD you're basically going to be underpaid working at some low end company in a glass ceiling position. I once knew a kid who was a Physics major...then he failed Physics.
payment probably won't be an issue since those dudes recognize demand.clients want fancy shit and this can only be build with certain frameworks, if you know them you're gonna get paid... just last year a quarter of our team left the company to work somewhere else, they all still work on the same stuff, in the same city and get $$, so either raise or you're off to new adventures.... meritocracy ftw.unless some international trade agreement fuckes things up -.-
, 
Hey there /g/, I'm thinking of getting into some algorithms and data structures but Cormen's Introduction to Algorithms seems pretty packed with a lot of theoretical information and a bit lacking in practical exercises.Is it a good idea to supplement it exercises from sites like USACO? Maybe even Topcoder or any other programming competition website.I'm pretty new to this and I'm a bit lost at the depth of information that exists in this field.I'm a first year CS student btw.
, 
I just got a 1 inch scratch on my couple of months old Dell Monitor which bothers the shit out of me and I can't stop noticing itREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yes, this deserves its own thread.
Fuck off, normie.
Lucky of you, I got a new laptop with a hair already inside the screen and the seller says warranty doesn't cover itwhat do I do?
At least tell us how you managed to do that.
ebin tweet m8 upboated 👍
What country?
asspain
/r9k/
I have a private practice orthodontia business and several employees that do work on company owned desktops, and I have suspicion of some sketchy things happening, and i want to set up some sort of monitoring system where I can easily view all Internet usage on my network by each computer with times. I was told about a pf sense server. But do you guys have any better options to suggest before I commit to that, I'd love for it to be user friendly so I can have some less tech savvy management easily access it and know what they are looking at. Got any ideas?
Nice cover story. It's summer, so this is probably for your parents, not your school. Right?
shrekt rekt disrespekt
He wants his sister's n00dz
Actually it's for my brother in laws business, but it was easier to just say it was me, same goal though, I need a nice gui for him to be able to see his employees Internet usage. He said he would pay me whatever I think is fair, and I'd like to do it for writable experience
OP you are going to get charged with wire fraud.
It's illegal to monitor network traffic of your own computers? I could always have a user agreement prompt on login that says they understand that Internet usage will be logged
Install squid and turn on access logging, and cover your ass by getting a lawyer to draft up an internet usage policy that waives any expectation of privacy.
tell him to hire a contractor who knows what the fuck he's doing, because you don't and you aren't going to learnsource: if you were, you wouldn't have come and asked fucking /g/ of all places how it's done/thread
Wireshark, or set up a squid proxy and caching server to monitor all traffic. There is probably a setting in windows server to monitor traffic on your domain.
Of course not. Every medium to large business worth their shit monitors the web traffic of their computers and users.
Pipe al connections to a router / VPN.MOnitor logs. Bonus: added security layer.
How much would he be charged for that?
Force all machines through your own DNS server.Only have entries for work related sites, everything else just routes to some lulzy imageNo more malicious behavior
I think he was more on the side of catching a suspicious person he has in mind in the act, rather than adding security to where nothing bad could happen
Or recommended books? Also, why do you think assambly is needed for CS CE SE majors?
CE major hereJust think how the fuck do computers work?How do we manipulate data as machine level?You have your answer there.
Install Gentoo
While a bit basic this is a fun way to do some Assambly style coding.

assambly
Assembly for what architecture?
this looks fun
why is learning assembly important? will it make me a better programmer?
I started with Lena's reversing tuts
It's not in most cases. Generally a compiler will do a better job than human written ASM.
Basic pic/atmega assembly is really fun imo, plenty of stuff online and you get to know why the hell would anyone do this in their right mind.
Surprisingly enough, this looks really neat, thanks for the recommendation
CE should know it they're the most likely to deal with low level language considering they're hardware oriented. SE are unlikely to use it. Modern software isn't made in assembly languages. CS are least likely to need it unless they decide to get into actually designing new languages.
I recommend this book.To follow this book straight through, you will need basic knowledge of a programming language, else you will get stuck on simple things like syntax.I had learned Assembly before C, but after lua.This book also talks about how to integrate asm into C. That is the most important part imo
SE are unlikely to use it. Modern software isn't made in assembly languages. We had a computer architecture course so we could learn how write efficient programs.
I'm ripping custom checksum algos out of muh vidya gaems to mod the gamesaves.I don't care for ppc asm very much.metal gear solid series has some pretty fucked up encryption algos.Frequently need to get help from others.
that's like saying auto generated html is better than human written html, which is wrong.
That's not true. Compilers don't have that level of understanding.
Well then most guides I read on ASM are stating falsities
I learnt in college, so I can't speak for the guides.
A compiler may not 'understand' what it is doing, but it is generally the product of incredible refinment, by people who do have that understanding. A compiler is a really, powerful, excellent tool that probably not only expedites coding, but improves overall quality. Perhaps if you worked extremeley to optimize, you could do ASM better that C, but the time it would take makes it absurd to do it for execpt some very essential functions that need hyperbolic efficiency.That said, I started learning x86 Assembly before C. The value, in understanding what is actually physically happening on the CPU makes it very worthwhile, in my view.
Other Anon here. I found this out while I was researching the Demoscene.
Can you explain how the guys at the Demoscene do it? Here is an assembly program written in 4 KB. 
Indeed.It's quite trivial to beat the compiler, especially if you have a more specific cpu family you're targeting.What a compiler is good at is all the tedious shit like register allocation, inlining and constant folding stuff.
That is most likely done entirely in a fragment shader by ray tracing/marching some distance function.
Videos like this always make me wonder how highly sought after demoscene practitioners are in the actual video game industry.They simply have mountains of experience with coming up with efficient ways to generate pretty-looking procedural geometry/textures/effects.
Humans can understand the specifics in much greater depth, but compilers can understand the overall picture much better than humans.Sure, you can give 10 lines of assembly to a skilled human and he will probably find some way to make it more efficient given enough time.But you can't give him 100,000 lines of assembly and expect him to find patterns and global-scale optimizations that require tracking hundreds of subroutines and cross-inlining foreign parts of the code base.Basically, humans can't into supercompilation, of which we are on the advent. Some compilers, like Haskell's GHC, can already do large-scale cross-library optimizations, and it's only getting better.
A lot of video game companies were actually started by demo groups Dice, Remedy, Starbreeze for example.If you have a couple demos released or won at some demo party on your CV you're pretty much at the top of the pile in terms of programming jobs, should be no problem at all landing a graphics/engine programmer position at almost any company you want.
Here's something for you to read/watch if you're interested:starts at around 7:55A lot of bits and pieces from one of the guys who made Elevated including a 1k/4k intro framework:compressor used in a lot of 4k intros:as a pixel shader:
trap?
whoa looks cool, will buy, thanks anon
But you can't give him 100,000 lines of assembly and expect him to find patterns and global-scale optimizations that require tracking hundreds of subroutines and cross-inlining foreign parts of the code base.The solution is to use simpler code bases.
yes, and a pretty disgusting one at that.
how do i use inline assembly in C++ if i need to target multiple platforms like x86, x86_64, ARMv5, ARMv7, ARM64, MIPS? would i have to write 6 different versions of the same thing? how do i tell the compiler which one to use, or do i need more than one code base?
#Define architecture = ARMV5if architecture == ARMV5 {inline asm;}else if architecture == MIPS {inline asm;}
that if you want to change per compileotherwise you can write a bit of code that detects architecture and loads the correct one from there
Lena 151 and Goppit tutorials
this is a great idea anon. I just bought the game and I think I'm going to have fun and learn at the same time. thanks.
No. I even work in a company where we need every single cycle and there's maybe 1 place where we have inline ASM and I'm not even sure it's even there anymore, and that is part of an outdated module that we're trying heavily to phase out. It's simply not worth it unless you keep using the exact same CPU over many years. The cheapest option is usually just to buy another server rather than ultra optimizing shit.
Learn bitwise operation and make a nes emulator.There is no other way.
Cluelessness: the post. Those aren't even occupations. As for the respective degrees, you wil come across assembly language in all of them.
Go back to python you faggot
this
Assembly for what architecture?If u want to learn asm for x86 I strongly recommend the book Assembly Language for Intel Based Computer by Kip Irvine. That's how I got started with assembly, it's a very good book and very easy to understand. It'll teach you MASM.
Atom or Sublime Text?
vim
Web browser or real application?
Atom.Dem packagesDat CSS ricing
Atom in the future, but right now sublime. Atom has too many crashes/errors and can't handle 2 mb files without seconds of delay between each operation opening, scrolling, etc
emacs of course
sublime
Atom will never touch my MBP and I have a SSD and 16GB ram which are pretty much the system requirements for it
code by hand and use an ocr program, you pleb
/thread
Let's start thisatom
Sublime.
Sublime for sure.Personally think its prettier and atom lags.

brackets
is that an old version of sublime or what
fucking macfag
Why is this even a fucking thread?
That
I tried them both, and then I choose Vim
I'm going to write a new text editor using node webkit.It will be faster than the atom shit.It will have an integrated terminal.Will have a stripped down vim - keybindings, modular editing, no macros, asynchronous, etc.It will support the plugin architecture of sublime textIt will have a modern design, buffer management will be a breeze.Would you use it?
v3 build 3038ColorScheme: iPlastic best for php/java/javascript
No because vim exists and if I could I'd do everything on vim but unfortunately java exists
That's what I'm saying though..Take the vim philosophyfuck the mouse and stick it in a modern development environment. Active development, without an old man opposed to change maintainerBram.VIm has many faults. I want to take the good parts and give it a sublime-esque ui overhaul.
Active development, without an old man opposed to change maintainerBram.That's neovim
Visual Studio Code
So atom
that project is just about stacking more and more shit on top of vim, refactor followed by bloat.
Sublime Text?ST is abandonware. It's now one guy working part time on it. And he's being killed by all the free editors from GitHub, Facebook and MS all based on Electron. ST can't survive much longer. Atom it's horribly bloated. it will never get fast. It will always be programming in slow motion.Just fucking learn vim and you'll never have to learn another text editor ever again. 20 years from now, if world is still around, vim will be around.
Obviously all existing text editors suck.Someone should really go make a new one. One that fixes all the complaints people have with the existing ones.Dunno why nobody has done this yet.
Atom or Sublime Text?Have used both. See no difference.
The hackable text editorThe hackableTheLook, if they want to use it, fine. Just leave the shitty tag lines out.
Vim
np++ boys ww@
They heave, and they called it Visual Studio. I'm not sure when linux will catch up. probably never.
VS is not a text editor, it's the best IDE currently for sure though.
free as in freedom web browser or proprietary abandonwareI pick vim or emacs+evil
vendor-lockeddoesn't support the most popular programming languagebest idei laugh evry tiem. it's still very good with resharper though
microsoft word

slash fucking thread
emacs + sublime master race.
fucking kek1 Insert/Edit mode causes split brain2 Need to define a whole bunch of macros/plugins to do basic things like bringing up a shell/moving to the end of a brace3 Shitty dependency management el-get/melpa  fucking pathogen
Textastic
emacs
I use a pirated copy of Sublime at home and a legit copy of RapidPHP at the office.
chlamydia or gonorrhea?/thread
Does anyone on /g/ code like me?I use a:- Fast simple text editor for writing scripts Sublime mostly, but doesn't matter to me as long is can load in large text files fast. Because I am in Natural Language Processing and I sometimes have to deal with huge text files.- IDE for mostly OO work and larger programs: I use both emacs and Eclipse.
IDEIn my limited time trying to use NetBeans I found it gets in my way more often than it helps. I like text editors that highlight syntax and thats that. Everything more is an annoyance.
java on sublimeyeah no
Anyone tried Nuclide?
Atom sends data to google analytics by default'nuff said
nice
inb4 "vi-Too late
probably. I can't say for sure. But I'd at least give it a try I guess
GNU nano :^
Sublime atm, Atom is fucking slow & bugd.I would like to master vim but yeah... not sure it worth that many time to learn.
kate is miles better than both so why even use sublime?
yes, it's worth that many time to learn. you'll be editing text for the rest of your life, unless you switch proffesions
I use Sublime text for all web related stuff php,html, css, javascript etc., visual studio for C# and Eclipse for Java.
Atom because it respects my freedom.I don't wanna spend years learning all the features of a text editor and then see it being discontinued because of some stupid commercial reason.
GNU Emacs
Sublime Text until Atom fixes the performance issues. Once they're fixed, Atom will be a fuck ton better than Sublime Text feature-wise, it actually is already.
Are you just too much of a normie or something what the fuck does "split brain" mean.  If you spent more than 5 seconds using vim you would know that insert mode is not independent of edit mode, and insert mode is an extension.
Sublime text is master race.
good to know someone knows how to use a constructor pattern correctly
The fuck is split brain? Is this before or after my time?
I want to like these new text editors but they're just not there yet. Sublime all the way.
Vim
notepad++
Notepad++
It's daunting at first, but I can't even imagine going back now.t. ex sublime fag
Your point being?
its like having someone standing behind you peeking at everything you do at work.
Any vim experts know a way of making vim into just a regular editor? I despise the shortcuts. Like why do I have to press I to actually edit something?
text editor that requires 300 mb of ram and 600 of disk space
"text"  filenamemaster race.
It would have been more believable if he was looking at the OpenSSL sourcecode instead of this shit, as they work for a security firm.
Fuck-mook
 using a mac for anything other than niggerdry,this guy could be 10x as productive if he wasn't being bottlenecked by his shitty OS.
Exept for the fact that GA doesn't care about individuals, neither does it track anything you type into the editor.
phpstorm
literally more than 90% of developers that work with high level technologies that are not made by microsoft use macs
more than 90%
VSC.
Notepad++
All of Atoms disadvantages, plus a worse UI. Perfect!There's a Vim extension for Sublime Text. Haven't tried it though so don't know if it does quite what you're talking about there.Visual StudioTEXT EDITOR
class="quote""This is my mugshot...hehehaha..."
nano is the only thing you need.
He meant visual studio code.
"Why don't you have a skype anon? Just download it!"Tox is a secure, decentralized multimedia messenger aimed at replacing Microsoft's proprietary and NSA-ridden Skype. It offers video and audio chat, group messaging, and file sharing, as well as a robust platform that can allow for endless possibilities, including your own personal version of Dropbox."We're not downloading that app lol, just use Skype!"Why are normies so selfish?
Aren't you the one being selfish in that case?
Congratulations, now your friends know you're autistic
I'm not, why is it ok for them to force me into instalingl their "app" and I have to be the one that bends over for them?
If you want to talk to normies, you need to do it with their language in their channels/tools/apps/whatever.Why do you want to talk to normies anyway?
because your asking more than one person to do exactly the same for you but when you do it it's justified for no reason, how can you not see that
skype is so secure that ms couldn't stop that bs
I managed to convince some friends to videochat using Firefox Hello instead of Skype. I think it was easy to do this because this way they didn't have to download anything. It's disgusting: normies tell you "Just use Skype" as if it was easy to do so and had absolute no implications.
normies want you to be a normie
i'm honestly surprised you have friends if that's how you think irl
normiesautist
All of your friends already use Skype, but you're being the autistic asshole that is trying to force everyone to use software that looks and feels like it's from the late 90s, just because it's open source.Do I give a fuck that there may be back doors in Skype? Not one bit, because no law enforcement agency gives a fuck about me, I'm not fucking Tony Soprano.I care that Skype is currently the best video chat software available, with the best quality and most reliable video, and the best features and support.inb4 shill
is tox available on android???!!??![spoiler]?[/spoiler]
looks and feels like it's from the late 90sI don't remember software looking like that back then.
send the following to them via skype imwatch as they can no longer use skype due to continual crashing
stop using that I hateLiterally autistic
Why? It's not like I'm an autist that try to impose the program I use to others. I just suggested that option and they accepted after trying it. A lot of people often use one program instead of another by pure inertia but if you show them an alternative most are willing to listen you and try it.
It has echoes of MSN and ICQ.
it was more the It's disgusting: normies tell you "Just use Skype" as if it was easy to do so and had absolute no implications.
Skype fixes the weird “crashing bug with the latest update for all platforms
Why are normies so selfish?Why are you autistic? Is it really that hard to click the download button?
If you're so autistic that you take MUH FREEDUMBS bullshit to heart, then you don't deserve friends.
there are peoplebrowsing /g/defending skype
normiesThat was just a meme, don't worry, m8. Not everybody is moderately tech-savvy in this world, and that's perfectly normal. I'd prefer that everybody cared about the privacy at least to some extent, though but it's not like I can do a lot to change the current situation.
Shit ton of people use SkypeLike 8 total use toxJust add another piece of bloat to your computer cuz muh freedomsAutism speaks
*their privacy
No ones defending skypePeople are just laughing at someone trying to force their autism on others
SourPls
Skype is also already built in for everyone with a Windows 8 or above computer.
Only the shitty Metro one, oh wait the desktop version sucks balls too.
Fucking autist
To be fair, tox is shit. Say what you want about centralized messaging but it works. You don't have to pull from more than one source to see if you have incoming messages. Tox uses so much battery that it can never be viable for communication. If it only works on the desktop nobody wants to use it.
100 is the average IQhalf of people are even dumberthey're not selfish, they simply lack the brains
I just don't like skype as a software even without the NSA spying.using your bandwidth to host other people's coresusing so much RAM and CPUbuilt in ADS
lmao
Either version still does the job.Even my senile mother knows how to use it.
AIDS*
100 is the average IQhalf of people are even dumberDUH HOE DOES AVERAGE WORK?
because that picture is a mockup and the real product is nonexistent and forever in alpha
using your bandwidth to host other people's coresWhat the fuck does this even mean?
calls*
still shilling for Tox
I use Skype on my phone
reading comprehension: 0/10this is exactly what I was talking about
that's nice phil
don't people use these then?
There was a IRL discussion recently about security and some Russian guy was boasting about his skills and saying he was untraceable because he uses Telegram and was encouraging everyone else to use it. I raged a little inside but chickened out of mentioning Tox.
le I have nothing to hide and neither should you may may xDEven Rome fell...
Totally the fault of Skype
some very weird reason, I could never get in touch with people through this software.It always showed me people as offline and they didn't receive my messages/wouldn't answer the phone even if they told me to call them. I stopped using it after two weeks or so because I simply couldn't fix it.
Uses hardly any CPU/RAMYou can block the adsPosting on /g/ and being this dumb
The measurement system for intelligence is broken,it been proven multiple times.Women astronaut  with IQ of 150 passed all NASA tests and went to ISS just when she got  back to travel on the other side of the country by car with no stopping to chop the dick of some pilot.IQ doesn't means shit,I tested 129 and still lack basic social skills and cant blend with the normal people.Im fucking autist and society reject.Normies are great I am not.
Thanks, name's not Phil though
:-i'll b ur friend

Since Windows 10 has a key logger built in, won't "secure" messenger services be useless anyway? It's going to get logged regardless.
what's your name then son?
I have few people like you that said they will be my friends,we have each other on skype but they never talk to me.Keep your friendship to yourself.
stop being a memeing dick
Tox is a secure, decentralized multimedia messengertox is a securetoxsecureThis is a load of bullshit and you know it OP.
there it is! that kind of interaction is why you don't have friends
You lost your opportunity, anon.
If you're so autistic that you would give up your privacy and freedoms, you don't deserve either. You're probably a fuckin macfag too. Faggot.
My friends forced me to make a fucking fake Facebook to talk to them even though I showed them how we can use IRC to make a chatroom for us. Retards, at least I didn't access it from my machine but I still feel physically ill whenever I log into it. They keep telling me to keep it cos being social is good for me and my health. Deleting it now, don't care if they stop talking to me. Fucking normalfags.
23never had a single friend that timeAt this point it doesn't matter.
You won't find any friends here anon, people here are even more selfish than normies that's why you see so much attention whoring on 4chan.
Or maybe you deserve better friends.
class="quote"skype
and again
implying Facebook deletes your shitThey don't even have a way to delete your account. It's only "frozen" or something like that.
k
one more time!!!
There is a real delete button its just hidden, but no they don't delete the actual data, not that I uploaded any anyway. As for scraping other data I used it on other machines and don't care about anything they got. Its kill now anyway.
k
all this hurr autist yelling at OP just because he presents superior alternative to his friendsWhat the fuck is wrong with this place nowadays? What the fuck? Seriously?
flatfag genocide, best day of my lifenothing-to-hidefag genocide, second best day of my lifeskype-isn't-a-buggy-piece-of-shitfag genocide, thirty-second best day of my life
Normalfags ruined it, business as usual.
ringThat actually looks cool. Have you tried it?
Any Retroshare users?
 MicrosoftWas any other reason necessary?
yeah but I don't have anyone added so I'm just calling myself on a seperate virtual machine
:
wanting to be a part of irg and stq's homo circlejerk network no thanks I'd literally rather have your government spying on me
joining the botnet when you don't have toIt's your fault the world is a shitty place with no freedom.
I had a older laptop Ideapad Z575 that skype would overload by using ALL the cpu
I remember when I used to talk to my crazy ex gf she would always complain about how her boyfriend is looking at porn, I asked how she knew this since it was a long distance relationship and she told me her dad was friends with someone who worked for Skype and he was able to find out everything he did on his computer
 best video chat softwareHahahahahahahahahahaha.Oh wait, your serious let me laugh harder.HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Last time I checked yes.
If your friends aren't willing to install tox to talk to you, they don't want to talk to you.
Is that the new tox slogan?
I mean, I like my friends, but sometimes I really wish I had some /g/-like friends who talk with using Tox...
Oh wait, you're autistic.  Let me cringe harder.There are people outside of 4chan.  Make some neckbeard friends to talk to on tox, stop bothering normal people to install your paranoid laden bullshit.
ayy lmao
So much cringe, holy shit you're gay.
Tox needs marketing like this to attract normies
 I want them to download a software which I will use to communicate with everybody else. Why are normies so selfish?Tek lek pek.
I won't use skype outside of talking to them so why do I have to be the one that compromises for them?
Because you are going to be alone.
Why do they all need to change to tox when only their autistic "friend" uses it?
friends that don't care about their privacy are no friends of minefriends don't let friends get spied on and logged
This is also why you don't have friends you know
The best kind of b8 is the b8 that no one notices.
Is he the greatest man alive?
I think anon is the greatest.
not rmsFuck off, CUNT.
He's okay.
He's not me, so no.
greatest man aliveFor what reason?
nope
No. But he seems pretty smart, clearly got lucky and therefore rich, and has since spent that money to hire people just as smart to do some awsome stuff. So a good guy.Quite why the media in the US has such a fetish for STEM entrepreneurs is beyond me, though. It should be obvious by now that Musk's greatest talent is gathering smart people to do smart things, rather than engineering everything himself in his garage like fucking Iron Man.Got nothing against the guy, I hear he gets involved with the engineering himself. But the cool stuff at SpaceX and Tesla is happening because there are thousands of engineers working overtime because they think they're doing something cool.
i'm not being difficult but what did he do?i'm not an American and i believe the whole Elon Musk obsession is mostly an American thing. Like, I get Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg etc. I just don't understand what's so special about Musk? He basically sold shares in Paypal before joining Tesla?
trusting in homeopathyPlatinum elite kek
He's trying to revolutionize the automobile industry by making objectively amazing cars. He's pushing space industry despite it not being really profitable any time soon. Then there is hypothetical Hyperloop project which will allow to travel about 1000 km/h and it could be free to use. Also, he made all Tesla and Powerwall related patents free.
He made more money than you could ever make in 100 lifetimes. Kek on that, motherfucker.
What's money worth if you don't even get to live one lifetime?
imo, he's on the list. Space travel, Internet Business man, and Automotive Engineer, I say why not? He's Great at getting it done.
alive
He will live in our hearts forever.
, 
Why do Arch users make me cringe so hard?
This site sums up Arch OS pretty well:
Just install gentoo

Stop hating on the meme
it's basically the same autistic shit
No, Gentoo actually runs something useful NYSE
I've been learning java because i want to learn how to make websites apart from html and css. I know some php and mysql because of uni. I'm still a bit lost about which should i learn first, should i keep learning java? more php? any other that would be useful in making a webpage?Actually i'm lost as fuck help...
/g/wdg
websitesjavayou're doing it wrong. learn html, css and then javascript.
/g/wdg
websites in javayou're doing it wrongand I bet you use gmail, amazon and ebay too. top kek/g/wdg
wut
Why wouldn't someone use amazon or ebay...? Are you just naming popular websites?
gmail, amazon and ebay don't use java, fuckface
How can you tell ? My dad works at gmail and he told me they're 100% java powered !
My dad works at nintendo and said if you go to the waterfall and press abbab left up left down up right you can catch mew!!!
Did you mean JavaScript?
What the fuck is this shit /g/?Is there a way to make Firefox eat less fucking ram?
Right click- end process.Or would you rather have your programs use less ram and just run slower?
What? Are you too poor to afford more RAM?
Yes.
Just download some more.
Yes! You can use a real OS with 64-bit support. And having a lightweight adblocker also helps. Here's mine on a Linux distribution with 9 open tabs.
SeaMonkey doesn't have this issue.
do you even know what is RAM for?the more RAM used, the faster application works
I suspect it has something to do with my extensions.
Download the 16 bit version of firefox
what wrond with you
People still use Firefox?
buy a mac and use compressed memory
install gentoo
I'm more concerned about the svchost memory leak one of the windows updates introduced a little while ago.Traced it back to wuauserv, stopped it and bits, deleted the software distribution folder and it worked for a time.netsvcs is still occasionally being a bloated cunt again.I'm also not the only one so I suspect it's not malware, ran tonnes of scans.
Not my fault if Mozilla ditched 64bit support for Firefox on windows.
Maybe if you weren't using your PC to run a disco you'd have more resources to spare. Try turning off a few lights/smoke machines, maybe reduce the rpm on the disco ball and play mp3s instead of flac. No-one will notice the difference.
Nice. Here's mine. Only 27 Extensions.
autism
Turn off memory cache. That's what it's there for though.
superior apple engineering.
How many fucking tabs are there?adblockµBotnetAvastautism
My firefox is using 1GB of memory with only  2 windows and 28 tabs between them, and most of those tabs aren't loaded. The only addons I'm using are flashgot, adblock edge and noscript.
for me firefox will reach 2GB of ram and need to be restarted at least once a day.
I switched to Pale Moon.
adblock is the botnet brah, since they're literally getting paid by the jews companies to whitelist ads.
Use Firemin.
MemoriaDiscoRedLiterally what the fuck. Also check your addons m8 cuz firefox doesn't use this much memory by itself.
It's called Spanish.
You even only use 33% memory, who the fuck cares.
I just find these words amusing. Especially the Disco part.
lmaostop being poor
not using english
Not OP, and while my mother tongue is Spanish, I use all of my software in English.
Well thank fuck
chrome!I don't understand the resource hungry meme
kek
post a list of your extensions, hermano
subtle, but I giggled
Download more then, fucking nooblord
32 bit
nobody enables status column
is there a way to make your lungs breathe in less air?same concept
I don't speak sergio
that's not much, chrome uses like 2-3gb depending on how many tabs you have open
What the fuck is Jinrai Slut?
65% Free memoryHURR DURR HOW DO I WASTE MORE RAM
Holy shit sergio, learn how2memory managment
RAM that's idle is wasted RAMLet it use all the memory it wants unless you're trying to multitask and Firefox is literally eating up all your RAM but from your picture it seems like you're only using 35% of your total RAM amount.
Yeah, don't use it.
jokes about neo-latin languages Oh /g/
mfw I'm a Spanish native speakermfw I post sergio jokes on sergio threadson the internet, nobody knows you are sergionobody
But we notice you're a spic when you make kindergarden-tier typos
I'm Guido as I understand but I prefer Italian over English, it just sounds better. Those jokes were funny though.
Me no understand. I only have ABP and ZenMate installed, I guess?
i hate people who claim this. it isn't true. this ram is wasted on caching for sites you very likely never see again and very well never even visit as it caches all pictures and pages found in links regardless of your visiting. you browse 4chan where content dies daily. so the only thing it is doing is hogging ram from other programs which actually IS wasted ramjust because more ram is used doesn't mean it is efficient
愛してるさわこtranslate.google.commfw
For those who are too lazy to do it themselves
He could also be a retard. Don't judge a book by its cover.
I still dont understand what that means
in this context 愛 is pronounced ai instead of ito
trying to understand a weeaboo tripfag
all those unloaded tabs
notice firefox using ungodly amounts of ramgood ol trip to about:memory3rd party objects from google/facebook/twitter/etc. on every page taking up more memory than the page itselfAt this point I think it's fair to say noscript isn't sufficient, as it whitelisting a domain or IP whitelists it globally and not just for that site. I'm guessing I want uBlock nowadays?
Firemin.Brought down my RAM usage from 2GB to about 100MB.
how much deditated wam do I need to wun Fiwefox?
It's only 32-bit so it can't take that much. Just add more ram and git gud
In my experience, amerilards from fly-over states make the most typos and grammatical errors. Like "than" instead of "then" and "could of" instead of "could have".Respek u're language, fagetz
Good thing uMatrix exists.
Thanks, I couldn't remember the name and was getting sidetracked by ublock though that looks to just be a better replacement for adblock edge. Can I or should I run umatrix alongside noscript, or does it outright replace it?
Mind sharing those extensions?
How is Paidverts going for you? It's seems like I stucked in group 1
Why have done that to your start menu?So much wasted space.
something more important than memory usage: the intermittent hangups of an indeterminable source. it's a very old issue. once it starts doing this it doesn't stop until you close firefox. it affects the entire application, and lag is incessant; as frequent as what you observe in this webm when you watch it loop. i've seriously tried everything from resetting my profile to running it straight vanilla, and it still happens. i've ruled out add-ons and extensions and have just come to the conclusion that it's firefox being badly programmed.what's worse is there doesn't seem to be a fix. mozilla claims it was fixed in 38.0.5. it was not. i'm actually confused as i seem to be the only person on /g/ complaining about this. it's literally the biggest firefox experience killer.
I have this, I assumed it was due to my crap pc.I will now try uninstalling it and using chrome
Reinstall it, then download and install Pale Moon. Set Pale Moon as your default. Use Firefox only when something doesn't work right in Pale Moon, it does have some js compatibility issues but only because it's based on an older version of firefox a version from before it was trying to compete with the other bloated, RAM-hog browsers like Chrome.There are some other options besides Pale Moon. WaterFox and Sea Monkey are also very good.
, 
Fujitzu lifebook u772 w/ 16gb ram upgrade.will i be able to render cinema 4d and play gta v at the same time
Sure but it will be laggy, on low quality 720p
intel 4000 graphics card is shit?
No, It's great for It's purpose.However that's not gaymin
lolnoyes you retard
no or yes? you fuckin cucked shit
Sure is summer in here.We're just trolling man, the laptop is one of the best laptops out there. It can easily play GTA V on medium, maybe high
msi gs60 it is then
Would mass surveillance and predictive analytics of politicians be something that anyone would be interested in? Is it even possible?
They are already doing it, how else do you think those kikes get to keep their spy toys?
mass surveillance and predictive analytics of politiciansThis already happens
Well how else are you supposed to stop politicians from cutting your funding?
I meant more along the lines of so.etching voters have access to so the average person can see what their politicians are going to do next.
I haven't touched JS or Webdev in over five yearsWhat the fuck is this shitWhen does anything happenI'm old
Learn Python
no, just forget PHP learn node and angular + some scaffolding tools
Angular a shit
I have worked with Angular over the last year, what do you want to know?There's a few basic settings you define in your Angular setup- routes- controllers- other stuffRoutes tell your "webapp" which way to go and what functions controller to execute when a user visits the site. Let's say "/", that goes to "homeController", loads the "home" template. Then "/info", open "infoController" with some fancy page about yourself and a contact form specified in a "info" html template. The concept is fairly easy to understand, but sometimes a bitch to set up and get right
It's good if you're not gonna handle things with ASP, otherwise its shit.I've had to add digest cycles basically refreshes angular context for it to update certain things when i was receiving data asynchronous.It's not bad, just confusing.
If you've worked with Angular over the last year, then you won't understand a shit about Angular 2. Thank you Google.
no, learn python
why did they do this
not that bad
Why do I need a megabyte of code just to do stuff on a pageWhy is everything a promise
Web "dev":400 new JS frameworks every day, Sass, Less, Dogshitstrap, Handlebarcrap, Angular.Just stick to writing real backend code not node or mobile development. At least you need to know basic CS concepts for either of those
Web dev is bloated with thousands of frameworks and somehow the more you cram into your shit the more "professional" you seem.The rare times I write web stuff I stick to pure html only.
What typefaces are your favorite? Which do you prefer to certain technology?Pic-related is my favorite to read for paragraphs and messages.
Consolas for editing.
They're called fonts.
, 
, 
/g/, can we copy/pirate ps3 games yet?Just curious.
Go back to /v/ please
Since 5 years ago.
How is this achieved?The question is more about technology than video games.
Dear whoever you are, if there was a way to hack a playstation /g/ probably would not tell you step by step.Even if /g/ did tell you, you would most likely receive the best or only  answers if you posted this in the stupid questions thread...If you don't see the "Stupid Questions Thread" look in the FSCK'ing catalog please.If you are too stupid/rude/impatient to look in the damn catalog and post your stupid question in the stupid questions thread everyone on /g/ will probably hate you, just sayin'Theoretically if you were to be able to run pirated games on a PS3 you would need to install modified firmware, or install some kind of hardware like a chip or bypass that may even need to be soldered onto the board of the PS3... also some versions of the PS3 would probably be harder to mod, or even impossible to mod.If you were going to figure this out you would probably be best served by researching this information on your own, for HOURS on various forums so that you could understand the process for yourself.If you don't thoroughly understand the mod process, and can't answer these question yourself trying to mod the system would be... ill advised.If you are a chill person, and totally awesome you can:1 Not reply to this thread again.2 Delete this thread.3 Re-post your question in the stupid questions thread.
Snark aside, point taken.I understand the complexities of modding, I was just unaware as to whether it has been done yet.Thread may die. Mods may have it. I will report to sqt.
you can't jailbreak a ps3 if it was update past firmware 3.55, unless you the flashing tools for downgrading, even then it's questionableif you have firmware 3.55 or lower, then go to psxscene and find the tutorials there , it's pretty easy
yeah you can just get a e3 flasher and downgrade to 3.55 if your not 12 you can do it fairly easily and there's tons of stuff on youtube about it
Smallest atx case? Doesn't have to fit a full size gpu I can just use a riser. Wanna put it in my suitcase. Pic related, it's mine.
if you want small, go mATX
Smallest matx case then? It can be a piece of shit with awful build quality it's fine.
Guts of the poverty station.
Amd inside cardboard box with no ventilationDoubly housefire
Alright /g/ I've decided to say fuck it, not waiting for Freesync/Gsync prices to go down/get less shitty. What's the best 1440p IPS 60fps or 144fps for the price right now? Leaning towards this one, but I kind of want a smaller one for better pixel density and to match my other 24 inch one:
Install Gentoo
144024"FW900
look at the dell u2515h, i know its 25" but with these small borders it still may be for youhave mine for almost a month, has a little ips glow but other than that i like it
QNIX 27inch 1440p $300
Seconded. Have one clocked @ 120 Hz. It has a shitty stand tho
Woot is selling BenQ XL2430T 24" monitors for $240 right, now, I'm feeling pretty tempted.I know VA panels are supposed to have ghosting issues, though.
I got mine yesterday. I love it.
I don't recommend the QNIX simply because of 1 input and no scaler so you'll be forced to use 1440p on DVI forever unless you get an active adapter and the panels come from S.Korea so you're fucked if you have to deal with them. And always a chance you might get charged customs so yeaDon't get me wrong they're great panels but they are very limiting. No OSD, shitty audio no extra inputs and the stand is shit great that there is vesa support at least
none of those things are even necessary
Also I see you are from Canada like myself OP I bought my panel when the loonie wasn't completely shit so I wouldn't even go for a Korean panel since it's the same price as the BenQ and you wouldn't have to pay customs and shit like I did. Maybe the environmental fee but still
MG279Q or XB270HU, you have to play a game of panel lottery though, some get shipped with horrible back light bleedI'm thinking of just making the plunge and going AMD-sync, it's non-proprietary so it's got to be better than g-sync right?inb4 not reallyinb4 capping at 90Hzinb4 killing yourself because decent monitor never
what types of anti-viruses do you use?I haven't used any in about 10 years and think it's time i should get some again.i used to use avg, malwarebytes, hijackthis, and spybot search and destroy. I don't know if those are still the best options for free antiviruses so id like some more opinions.
bump
I'm going to assume your a Windows user. Anyways, I just use security essentials from microsoft because its free. Its also pretty lightweight and doesn't constantly annoy me like every other av. Its been a while since I've gotten anything bad but if I did I would probably attack it with malwarebytes. Windows makes it easy enough to deal with your average virus/malware by just being able to restore your os to a time before you got the virus.tl;dr I use security essentials because I don't like shit bothering me.
Jar of gypsy tears on a necklace hung around my PC.
Still using Malwarebytes and Spybot.If you're using a non IE browser, some form of adblock, and have at least a mild sixth sense for sketchy downloads, you're 95% of the way there already.
This. Adblock is honestly one of the best ways to prevent accidentally clicking some shitty piece of malware, it just saves the inconvenience of having to remove it. I literally installed it on my grandparents computer because they kept clicking dumb adds and filling up their computer with shit.
Windows 8/8.1/10 now includes a built in real time AV that is always using 300MB+ RAM. It is labeled Windows Defender, but is really a rebranded MSE. Apart from that, Malwarebytes is probably still the best all around scanner. Search bleepingcomputer.com guides to remove specific malware.The majority of viruses can be prevented using common sense, ad block and disabling javascript when visiting unknown sites in your browser.
I don't use anything. I'm not an idiot about what I install and download. I reinstall Windows like once a year.
MSE is worthless, horrible detection rate.
have headphones onquiet stuttering static comes incellphone goes off
playing vidyapc turns offfeel the searing heat of the gpucome on im sure you guys have some coding ones
I don't understand this memeprogramming in pythonrun my programCPU use goes to 100%check processes5 python processeskill them offnothing bad happened
computer speakers start buzzingoh, I'm about to get a callphone starts ringingI remember this shit in 2005 but I haven't seen it happen in a long time . I'm not sure what had changed
Speakers are shielded better
Probably. Used to happen with some speakers from the 90s. Now I have $200 computer speakers that are modern
This use to happen to my tv's speakers
Programming in C++ and SDLRun program100% CPU usageAdd in a Sleep function3% CPU usage
3G happened
sitting at PCthings happenthey're not actually that interesting
making a program that gets the newest message from a radio station's chat and saves itforget to put a sleep-function into the loopaccidentally send 200 requests in 5 seconds to the radio channel's servermfwIt was a governmental radio station too. I'm glad I noticed my mistake so it didn't run for too long.
You still get it a ton with microphones, usually I can hear on voice chat whenever somebody's phone is sending something on the other end.
open taskmanagerphysical memory: 99%open resource monitorsvchost
What are some good programming books for people that have difficulties with programming?
a high school calculus textbook you piece of shit now fuck off
nice b8Learning Python the Hard Way.Don't worry, the title is a misnomer. It is actually really easy. Just do it.
href="#p48326477" class="quotelink"says it's bait but tell them to use python
oh yes because someone who is having difficulties with programming is really going to want to deal with pointers and shit in a low level language.bloody hell
same anonBesides, he can learn C afterwards. We all know python isn't going to be enough, it is slow as fuck.

Thanks
I think many of us here are stuck in the same boat OP.Weve learned programming and have advanced to a certain extent but we have reached a point where we can go no further...I can do basic stuff with loops, some IO functions, data manupulation but thats about it.
I'm currently looking at buying the Motorola Moto E second gen. My only concern is if 8GB is too little or if the device is gonna navigate slow after a while. Also am generally interested in some comment regarding the device, and if it's worth the money. I'm not a heavy user, I don't play games on it or anything.Pic Related
ZenFone 2 $199
Moto g 4gWill get lollipopLTE and SD card slot200 from Motorola new US
Sorry, I forgot to mention I have rather small hands, and I find anything above 5 inches too big. If there's any better alternatives when it comes to small devices i'm interested.I couldn't seem to find the ZenFone 2 in my country eitherNorway.
I upgraded my 4 years old HTC Wildfire S single-core 600MHZ cpu to Moto E 2nd gen and it already feels like I stepped into a modern age.And it's just a $120 entry-level phone... that's probably the best $120 I have spent
yeah finally getting lollipop when they promised it for january lolmotorola is the worse
I've owned it for one month before I dropped it and the screen shattered.Overall: Exceeded my expectations.I'm going to get the negatives out of the way since there aren't many. Lacks 720p so YouTube auto's to 480p and it doesn't look good. Netflix doesn't have this issue No flash -- I use my phones as a flashlight.  Microsd support up to 32Gb -- I had a 64Gb and needed to format which works, but is limited to 4Gb max files. It has phenomenal performance and actually runs quicker than my current Moto G 1st gen Republic Wireless. Heavy games like GTA 3 on max ran very well. My moto G couldn't keep up. App multitasking was a little restricting but it had 1Gb of ram so its reasonable. Screen colors are great and a huge step up from the original moto EBattery life is typical. Front speaker is nice and loud and the quality is okay. I watched several seasons of The Office on Netflix and never once bitched about speaker. Sure its better to have dual speakers but its servicable. I bought it for $100 on Boost Mobile -- which isn't unlocked.I think $150 might be much and Moto G $200 is more worth it. But honestly you should wait for Moto G 3rd gen. We are nearing releasing anyway.Snapdragon 610 is excellent :^
OP hereI just took  's advice and bought a Moto g 4g online. I realized after I ordered it that it's almost a year old. Will this be fine or should i cancel? I never play games, but would like to be able to use multiple apps, like facebook, spotify, twitter etc.thanks for the breakdown.
Cancel the order OP. Lollipop is great but we are heading into the age where 2Gb is now necessary. My old Nexus 4 2Gb ram still held up well to this day. I could multitask between Chrome and GTA San Andreas without problems.Cancel your order and wait for Moto G 3rd genI hear it will have the Snapdragon 610 which is awesome and 2gb of ram.
But i would only use it for facebook and those kinds of apps. Will that need 2GB RAM to use in the near future?
tfw Turbo ownerCombined with Verizon, I've been on KK for 8-9 months
I play my games on my Ps VitaMoto E2nd gen is a very decent device for websurfing and other social apps...
what's best of Moto E2nd gen and Moto Gsecond gen ?
nothing wrong with KK really. What are you actually missing out on?
Yes anon, future proof yourself basically. If your needs dont change then you are set for 2 years. 1gb is good but not for multitasking or having multiple browser tabs open. 2gb solves any multitasking issue.
Does Firefox still lag on Windows?I don't mean loading pages slowly, I mean UI lag. Right click menus, hamburger menu, switching tabs, scrolling. On basic webpages, even with only 1 addon, an adblocker.I switched to a different browser not going to name it because people will accuse me of shilling, which I'm not a year back. And while I want Firefox to git gud again so I can switch back, I'm losing hope that it will. I can't even be bothered to download and install it again, so little is my faith this time.So can someone else tell me, has it improved?Or is it still horrifically unoptimized?
It never lagged for me like that. Running uBlock Origin and Ghostery with no problems. The problem is somewhere on your end.
GhosteryAnon who cares much about web privacy. 'tis good thing to see, sir
Fag
ghosteryayy lmao
 using WindowsFound your problem. Firefox has no 64-bit version in stable release for Windows yet. However, it is already available in the developer release and should be in stable by the end of this year.
Is there any reason to use the 64 bit version of you never go above 1GB RAM with your browser?
Yes.Beyond the additional memory, Mozilla says the 64-bit browser is simply faster, speeding up JavaScript code through new hardware registers and instructions that aren't available with the 32-bit version. In one test of certain JavaScript applications, throughput improved by 8 percent to 17 percent. 
Is that the only reason though?Since I ditched Firefox I've usedIE11 64-bitChrome 32-bitChrome 64-bitOpera 32-bitIE was mostly fine. The Blink-based ones were flawless not lagging.andPale Meme 32-bitPale Meme 64-bitWaterfox 64-bitall lagged as bad as Firefox.So isn't the underlying engine the root reason, not 32/64-bit?
64bit is faster by a little bit. It will use more memory on average though.
Maybe mozilla should add some fancy tab animations to appease the mouthbreathers who think chrome is faster because it runs a service at all times and has purdy animations when you open a new tab. If you use chrome, you should consider killing yourself.
Why the fuck did it take them so long?
They had a lot of issues with the win64 builds and there weren't enough people testing against them or actually fixing the bugs. Linux and OSX have been 64bit for years now. OSX doesn't even have 32bit builds anymore.
not using multiprocess nightly
It has been 4.5 years since the last good cpu was released. Why has Intel been dropping the ball?
There is literally 0 pressure from the competition
This was the last good intel CPU:
AMD is self destroying itself
What's the rubric for a "good" cpu?
because why innovate when you can milk your customers?
4.5 years using decimals to express timeWhy don't you just use binary
For OP it's 'Best for poorfag gaming', which is the whole world apparently. Haswell gave us pretty big leaps in battery life for mobile, Intel is practically giving away Atoms to allow dirt cheap Win 8 tablets, hell even some of AMD's APUs have a place.
Fits into older socketsGood overclockingGood performance increase from the last generationNot terribly expensive like most i7 ones right now
Bought a used 3770K for cheap and could have gotten a 2600 for much cheaperAlmost 13K firestrike physics the same as the 4790K @4.4New Intel CPUs suck assI'll wait for the first -E entry octacore.
Fits into older socketsGood performance increase from the last generationIrrelevant except for people that upgrade each generation.
man those were the times... cheap, easy to oc, powerful as fuck
Nobody to put them in their place.I can even understand why they have commercials, nobody cares.
bought a used x5650 for $40. Overclock to 4.0ghz and benches similar to a stock 3770k. My lga1366 board will live forever.
Intel atom is garbage. I would never use one over a quallcom
slap onto old mainboardunlock two extra coresunlocked multiplier, underclock to 400MHz when idle, 4GHz when workingOf course, some people afforded Intel placebo.
Last good CPU was released 7 years ago, Core i7 920:- Work horse- Easily hit 4.0+ ghz without breaking a sweat- Can still flawlessly run anything fast, even today- Was $200
not bad, though that puts it at only 2/3 the per-thread performance of a stock 3770k, so you're losing out fairly significantly for anything that only runs on a few threads.
Haven't  u seen the new quallcomm snap toaster it totally get his ass kicked by the 7420 from exynos but u r just to poor for a s6
 I'll wait for the first -E entry octacore.The Haswell octacores had a release price of $1k in the US, more elsewhere if you could even find them. You can put together a pretty nice gaming system for less than that.I'm holding out for AMD Zen - just one more year...
cheapI paid 450€ for that fucking shit when it was released and it idles at 70c with some OC
More like 5.0 m8
920 MSRP was $299 wasn't it?Also if you're still on 136 try a Xeon X5650 for $80 off Amazon as a server pull.It's a 32nm 920 Way better thermals with two extra cores and can take the same voltages.
those tempsprime95 or linpackis this love?
f-feels good being poor, r-right? even a mild OC when fully unlocked kills it now though. also 34c ambient right now both fans busted on my 212+ idles at 48c with just f/r case fansam i being tricked?
being this autistic
You might have one of the few 555s with bad or less good bonus-cores.
it went 4 years being auto-OC'd to 3.5 without any voltage fuckery so maybe it's just getting old, i dunno. either way the GPU is starting to annoy me, simply not enough memory for even decent textures any more.
Look at a video card for now and wait for Zen.Unless you know you need SSE 4.2, AVX and AES features, there's no notable gain besides wattage.
Thanks for the heads-up, anon. I will look into X5650. It might've been $299, I do not recall, but there is a store near me called Microcenter that had the 920 for $200 from at least 2009 onwards
yeah i've been looking for used 660/750tis to tide me over for the next 2-3 years. gpu aside i'm not really feeling the need to change much - assuming the 555 doesn't sudoku. it's just a cheap gaymer pc that i barely game with any more, but it's still annoying to have to crank everything down when i do find something fun.
Thanks. Me again. This is probably the most helpful comment I've ever read on this site. Just picked up a X5650 from ebay for $75. It's crazy that it's 6 cores and was $1000 when released, lol
No prob man.I was honestly floored when I installed this thing and saw the difference in temps especially OCed.It only requires 1.5x DRAM clock for the uncore BTW so you can use a way lower VTT voltage. I have C-States and Speedstep turned on with VCORE in offset mode, so the voltage adapts to frequency by VID, at +250mV. Idles in the fucking upper-20s as a result on h100i. My 920 idled in the low 40s.
yesterday thread was a bust, so I think I'd start a new one.what do you think about getcocoon?
go to siteget privacyneed to sign upyeah... no
they use google analytics, so they don't give a fuck about privacy.
Please go shill your bullshit service elsewhere, marketer. You stepped into the wrong neighborhood.
For a second I thought that was Coursera logo.I was disappoint.
How do I enter this ugly dvd menus to choose scenes etc?I have this in input.conf:# For dvdnav:// and bdnav://# navigation controls during playbackENTER  {discnav} discnav menu        # DISCNAV MENU BS    {discnav} discnav prev        # DISCNAV PREVIOUS menu in the order chapter-title-root# navigation controls when showing menu additionally to the controls aboveUP    {discnav-menu} discnav up          # DISCNAV UPDOWN  {discnav-menu} discnav down        # DISCNAV DOWNLEFT  {discnav-menu} discnav left        # DISCNAV LEFTRIGHT {discnav-menu} discnav right       # DISCNAV RIGHTENTER {discnav-menu} discnav select      # DISCNAV SELECT okMOUSE_BTN0 {discnav-menu} discnav mouseMOUSE_MOVE {discnav-menu} discnav mouse_movempv enters dvd menu when I hit enter button, but only for about 0.5 seconds.
bumpI need tis
Works for me.
Oh, so the dvd is fucked. Or not all dvds work properly.
Why do you do this to yourself? Why not use a front end like a sane person?
Actually, this is simpler than it initially looks.
, 
Good morning guys im trying to root my Samsung galaxy ace 4 but i get this when i trying to hard reset
bootloop
Yeah, you're gonna have to flash the stock ROM with fastboot or whatever Samsung uses
Is pic related safe, /g/? I tried it out and when I started playing a movie it started downloading something. I thought this was a streaming service? What is it downloading? Is it okay to use?
You should probably just leave.
WHAT? IT TRIED DOWNLOADING THE MOVIE FOR YOU TO WATCH IT? CALL THE FBI!
doesn't it use BitTorrent? of course it's going to download.
Do you think that stuff just magically appears in your computer whenever you stream something?
Use movietube, showbox, playbox or Genesis instead of Popcorn time.
It uses torrents, so has all the risks of downloading torrents.
wtf just set your torrent client to download in sequential order, there's no need for this shit.
It doesn't torrent any torrent, just from a given repo that has a certain reputation.
And how do I set VLC to stream it?
Just open the incomplete file.
If you live somewhere with borked Internet laws like the USA, UK or Germany: probably notIf you live elsewhere: go for it
Just open the file it's downloading
obfuscated torrent clientonly downloads impossibly shitty Yify ripsshiny interface for mouthbreathers
It's for normies, it's better than using netflix, it doesn't feed the copyright industry.
It gets them subpoeaneaeae'd, though.
it's dead in the water, it's become way to popularpeople don't seem to understand why this is a bad thing and the word of mouth train never stopped
I'm using it right now. How is it dead?
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:class="quote"Here's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:class="quote"To foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:class="prettyprint"Challenge:Implement a function that produces formatted output, Format being one example. This can be as simple or as complex as you want. Build off of other posters if don't know where to begin.
what's the point of ?is this supposed to produce really fast code since it only focus on one OS+processor architecture?
is this supposed to produce really fast code since it only focus on one OS+processor architecture?That would appear to be the reason to use this implementation.Apparently, much of it is hand-optimized assembler.It's a shame that it's only available on Windows.
Am I making a mistake by learning Common Lisp instead of, say, Haskell or Rust or C++?
defpackage #:formattter  :use :iterate :clin-package :formattterdefparameter *format-grammar*  '#\t . #\tab    #\n . #\newline    #\b . #\backspace    #\^ . #\^;;; Print shit based on the `*format-grammar*' variable;;; Control characters are prefixed by the `^' characterdefun format-print format-string &key fmt-grammar *format-grammar*  flet pchr x princ string x    iterate for curr in-string format-string      with prev = #\space      let control cdr assoc curr fmt-grammar         cond char= prev #\^               setf prev curr               pchr control              char= curr #\^               setf prev curr              t               setf prev curr               pchr currGood times, for everyone!
You may upset some sperglords by not learning whatever their favourite language happens to be, but it's not a mistake.
No.I don't understand why you would honestly ask this here of all places.Are you just learning so you can get a job or something?  That's a shallow basis for learning most things.
Yes, but you're making a mistake learning any language "instead of" the other. Learn them all and form your own opinions.
Why is the LISP general always so reasonable compared to the rest of /g/?
No, I'm a student. I'm learning it out of interest.why ask hereI wanted to provoke you guys a little.
We enjoy our topic of discussion.Also, Lisp tends to either tame or educate the fuckwads such as myself it attracts.
I've already explained this other times, but it's a relatively obscure topic that requires some knowledge or initiative to actually talk about.  I've spoken with people that didn't know it even existed, yet browse here a good bit.  I also didn't want my general to end up like every other general here, which is why I made an identity for making threads.  I'm not going to provoke people in the OP or anything like that.  I keep things consistent and nice.I wanted to provoke you guys a little.That's what I figured.
Lovely.I was trying to learn Scheme a little while back with SICP, but it's written for math-native MIT students. I haven't had the time to get into it properly and also understand the maths they use to discuss it. What other resources are known-good for it?
The Scheme Programming LanguageThe Little Schemer and sequelsThe Lambda papers themselves if you're brave, and other papersI own Programming in Scheme by Eisenberg and Abelson. It's decent, and rather short, though it doesn't go into much depth.
You can generally skip the math-intense bits if they're too much.SICP isn't really about teaching Scheme, it's about teaching CS topics and programming techniques that exploit Scheme's unique capabilities.This is a good suggestion:
Thank you kindly. I think more than anything I just need to get into the LISP mindset. I'm quite happy with a lot of the concepts LISP is lauded for in other languages, but essentially not the syntax and idioms that make a program good LISP rather than just a transliteration.Thanks
This!Learn them all! You won't regret it.
I think more than anything I just need to get into the LISP mindset.The Little SchemerThe Scheme Programming LanguageOn LispLet Over LambdaLisp, Lore, and Logic.
The Scheme Programming Language is the most straight forward book for learning Scheme. No fluff, no theory, no math, just straight syntax. You can read it for free online.
Implement a function that produces formatted output, Format being one exampleSo reimplement format?
#lang racketdefine myfmt str . params  define to-string param    cond string? param param          number? param number-string param          char? param list-string list param          list? param           apply string-append                  flatten list ""                                 foldl lambda p acc                                          if = length acc 0                                              list to-string p                                              append acc list " " to-string p                                        '                                        param                                 ""          else " ??? "  define placeholders res str    let loop pos 0      if = pos sub1 string-length str          reverse res          if and char=? string-ref str pos #\~                   char=? string-ref str add1 pos#\a              begin set! res cons pos res                     loop + 2 pos              loop add1 pos  let pls placeholders ' str    cond not = length pls length params           raise myfmt "Malformed format string: ~a" str          else foldl lambda param pos acc                         string-append substring acc 0 pos                                        to-string param                                        substring acc + pos 2                       str                       reverse params                       reverse plsmyfmt "~asda~~~c~d~a   ~a" 7 35 '4 5 "asd"= "7sda~~~c~d35   4 5 asd"Maybe it's too complicated. I do not care.As a special bonus, the thrown exception uses its own function to format the exception string :
Am I making a mistakelearningpick one
Ay lads. Just started watching the 1986 lectures and I have no idea about what I'm getting into. Loads of websites tell me that scheme is useless and won't even tell me where you can get a compiler from though I did end up finding one. How different are Common LISP and Scheme because I want to be able to transfer all of my knowledge from one to the other easily and not have to worry too much? I'm just concerned that my time would be better spent learning common lisp.inb4 blogpostinb4 spoonfeeding
IMO time is much better spent learning CL but in all honesty from what I've seen so far the knowledge is really easily transferrable when it comes to the base language. Only a few things are different syntactically, e.g. function declarations, and those variations are small.
Scheme is good if you want to learn programming. If you already know how to program and want to learn a language go with Commin Lisp or Racket or Clojure, choose accordingly with what kind of things you like to write.
Which dialect do you prefer?Surprisingly enough, Racket at least currently due to all of its libraries and documentations.What was your first experience with lisp?Started out with Common Lisp and the excellent Practical Common Lisp book, but man the documentation on various libraries could really use some works. Currently trying Clojure. I like how it derives from Common Lisp and has many good ideas, though I'm also shocked at how much it relies on Java. Those people who tried to downplay Clojure reliance on Java should be shot.
How different are Common LISP and Scheme because I want to be able to transfer all of my knowledge from one to the other easily and not have to worry too much?I started with Common Lisp and the knowledge transfers to Scheme just fine.In fact, once you know one Lisp dialect be it Common Lisp, Scheme/Racket, or Clojure picking up others are easy. Like, it took me months to finally grok Common Lisp, but once I do, I pick up Racket which derives from Scheme in about a week, and Clojure in just 2 days.
Don't forget Practical Common Lisp, which is a great book to read if you already have experience in other language and want to see how to practical solve problems in a Lisp-y way.
Those people who tried to downplay Clojure reliance on Java should be shotshit, I really wanted to give clojure a try
though I'm also shocked at how much it relies on Java.There's a reason all non-JVM implementations are essentially irrelevant.
Yeah, the amount of Java methods and libraries that you _need_ to call to do even the simplest thing are insane.Those I guess this is by design, and they make it really, really easy to call Java methods in Clojure.
ya dun goofed
Thanks for the thoughtful explanation.
Anyone here ever written a 2D game in Lisp? How'd it go? What did you use?
I have written game of life and snake using lispbuilder-sdl. lispbuilder-sdl is well documented and there are some code examples out in the internet to learn from.Might interest you.
xelf seems really interesting. thanks anon.
bump
FORMATTTER format-print "hello ^nworld!^n^^_^^"hello world!^_^NILI don't get it.
I took a break from my larger project and started writing an image viewer instead. The surprising thing is, I'm having fun! Like, I seem to have forgotten that the reason I program is because I like to program, but my larger project has been nothing but headaches lately and it seems to have jaded my whole programming experience.
Clojurescript is actually gaining a lot of popularity. I've never heard of anyone actually using the CLR version, though. And I'm pretty sure no one really cares about it, seeing as how almost all work is done towards JVM Clojure and Clojurescript as far as tooling and language improvements go.
Clojurescript is actually gaining a lot of popularity.I'm not really a fan of Clojure in general, but Let's hope it sticks.
playing around with opticl with some neat results pick related has been through several different filtersql:quickload 'opticldefun main file  let img read-jpeg-file file         typecase img           8-bit-rgb-image            locally            declare type 8-bit-rgb-image img              with-image-bounds height width            img            time             loop for i below height                do loop for j below width                     do                       if zerop mod j 3                      multiple-value-bind r g b                          pixel img i j                        declare type unsigned-byte 8 r g b                        setf pixel img i j                          values - 255 r - 255 g - 255 b         write-jpeg-file file img
Does anyone know how to make the modeline thinner?
Neato.Have you tried looking for any functions or global variables that may control that?
Yeah, I didn't explicitly find that, but I found calling powerline-reset gets its size back down, so I'm good. The issue I was having seemed to be with a powerline plugin, not the modeline.
Those people who tried to downplay Clojure reliance on Java should be shot.How is that any different from how CL relies on a fuck ton of libraries to do anything useful?
How is that any different from how CL relies on a fuck ton of libraries to do anything useful?This. For a stupid executable you need in my case SBCL installed or you end up with a 50+ MB file. Fantastic.
Most of those are written in portable ANSI CL, not whatever the implementation language happens to be.That's not what anyone is talking about.
I like clojure a bit, but wish there were something a little more standalone. Maybe with the same ethos as golang. It'd be cool to be able to have a fuck ton of functionality in the stdlib, and able to ship static executables.Java reliance is a blessing and a curse.
Most of those are written inI don't see how it matters which languages the libraries were written in as long as they work.
But then that shatters every Lisper's dream of "Lisp all the way down". SBCL is definitely a step in the right direction by having the compiler/interpretor itself being written in CL.
If only they worked outside the JVM
I don't really care how an implementation is implemented so long as it behaves like it was written in Lisp.Clojure lets Java bubble through.
every Lisper's dreamSpeak for yourself, please.If only they worked outside the JVMWhy would they need to? The libraries are available and the JVM is required to run the Lisp anyway.
That's not really the point.Sure, having the tools you use not be an opaque amalgam of foreign functions/methods is nice. But being able to move from one implementation to another, without having to reinvent shit is a better goal.Because sometimes a multi-second startup that pegs the CPU and leaves a multi-hundred meg memory resident VM image isn't ideal on some platforms
leaves a multi-hundred meg memory resident VMBecause having a 60 MB SBCL VM is so much better, right? Anyway, this isn't even an argument in 2015 where every new prebuilt computer comes with 4 GB of RAM.
I'm not him.Because having a 60 MB SBCL VM is so much better, right?SBCL compiles to native code.Anyway, this isn't even an argument in 2015 where every new prebuilt computer comes with 4 GB of RAM.My main computer has 2 GB of RAM and several of my computers only have 1.  I expect to be able to use Common Lisp on a computer running at 1 Ghz with 1 GB of RAM, which it is more than capable of doing.The language has been running on normal hardware since the 1980s.  There's no excuse to ignore efficiency in situations like this.
SBCL compiles to native code.Which takes up 60+ MB of RAM for even trivial programs.
Anyway, this isn't even an argument in 2015 where every new prebuilt computer comes with 4 GB of RAM.There's more to computing than desktops or laptops, anon.
Might as well use C++. Lower memory footprint, more libraries and faster.
Thought about the ram usage and ran time on few languages printing the language name.It prints the maximum ram usage of the program in Kbytes.#!/bin/bash/usr/bin/time -f "%M" java Test/usr/bin/time -f "%M" python test.py/usr/bin/time -f "%M" ./a.out/usr/bin/time -f "%M" guile test.scm/usr/bin/time -f "%M" sbcl --load test-sbcl.lisp/usr/bin/time -f "%M" ccl --load test-ccl.lisp         java21488python6192c968"scheme"7560"sbcl" 93884"ccl-lisp" 16156
Can you post the sources to those programs?
That's a pretty shitty comparison since for a single tiny program the runtime overhead will be huge of course.
currently working on htdp2e and realm of racket. Should i bother with the little schemer afterwards?
runtime overheadmemoryThat's not how memory works. You would have a point if a single one of the implementations employed shared memory, but they don't. Or rather, the shared memory they use is the one provided by the OS which is the same for all of them.
That's a pretty shitty comparisonWhich takes up 60+ MB of RAM for even trivial programs.Well shit nigga I don't more trivial program than hello world. public class Test {    /**     *     * @param args - Arguments passed from the command line     **/    public static void mainString[] args {        System.out.println"java";    }}#include stdio.hint main {printf"c\n";return 0;}print "ccl-lisp"terpriquitprint "python"print "sbcl"terpriexitwrite "scheme"newlinealso here's for ecl using the same source as for ccl 29364
Thanks
What? The test measures the resident memory size, which can include memory that the OS shares with other processes, so runtime overhead does come into play here.
which can include memory that the OS shares with other processesBut it doesn't count any memory that's not actually used by the process. So if it's shared then it's used and should go into the statistic. Additionally, all implementations have that shared memory counted towards their number as it comes from the underlying OS which is the same.
You're missing my point.All the test does is measure how big the one-time overhead is, since the actual program barely uses any memory on its own. You can't see from that test how memory efficient the things your program actually does are handled.For example, I'd wager that Python would fare much much worse if all the test programs would do much more complex things.
Might be. Might not. Why don't you test it?
Too lazy.And I rather not post any test results than post highly misleading results.
but Let's hope it sticksIndeed.Despite liking Common Lisp Racket is the close second more, I'd be more than happy to be able to use Clojurescript instead of Javascript.
highly misleadingNot really. Chances are you're not running multiple Lisp or multiple Java programs at the same time anyway nowadays.
Chances are much much higher that programs, for which you care about memory usage, do more than just print a fucking word.
I have written a program that analyzed a binary file and pulls some information from it SBCL. I start four instances. Each uses 52.2 MiB of memory NONE of which is shared.
Now you defend shitty tests with even worse anecdotal evidence?
You have exactly nothing to show or contribute. Go shitpost somewhere else.
Except valid criticism of flawed benchmarks.But your personal story about the time LISP ate all your RAM has so much more worth!
Lisp fanboys are truly the worst. Can't even accept the truth when it's in front of their eyes.Your argument is that is MIGHT be flawed. Burden of proof lies on you.
Lisp fanboys are truly the worst.I don't even like LISP and on a whole find functional programming to be overrated.Your argument is that is MIGHT be flawed.Might? It definitely is flawed.Those flaws MIGHT not have skewed the actual results too much but that's a wholly different argument.
damage control
Because having a 60 MB SBCL VM is so much better, right?yes it is actually, having a compiled executable that has runtime compiling capability is the strength of Lisp. you should really go back to C since this is too deep for you
Are you seriously defending a 60 MB VM when the same could be achieved in 8? lol
Which VM is that?
Compilers aren't VMsAnd you can actually switch to a more lightweight compiler if you want, like CLISP, which has a very small footprint.T'was sort of the point when I mentioned having your libraries be portable.
T'wasOh, t'was, t'was it? Splendid, my good man! Or art thou m'lady?
Thanks for the well-reasoned response, you've really changed my mind.
If I really need high memory efficiency, why wouldn't I just use Forth?  Threaded code is very small.Forth supports metaprogramming and other nice concepts also found in Lisp.
The Little Schemer talks to you like you've never seen Lisp before. That being said, I would say it'd still be good to skim through in case you find something interesting or new.
Forth and Lisp are very different languages. I guess if you want memory efficiency Forth is a good idea, but writing applications like that is very difficult Forth lacks memory management, floating point numbers/operators, high level compound data types, etc. I've heard people say that Forth has true macros but the language isn't really homoiconic so I wonder how nice they are to use.
It's a fantastic resource if you have trouble with recursion.
Forth, Ada, and Lisp seem like the holy trinity of languages to me.Is that weird?
Compilers aren't VMsyou dont understand Lisp's runtime compilation. for Lisp to do runtime compilation there has to be a compiler presentAre you seriously defending a 60 MB VM when the same could be achieved in 8? loljust go back to C, if youre going to cry like a bitch about Lisp having a large executable runtime all the time then there is no reason for you to be using Lisp, is there?
You dont need Forth, there are lisp implementations with tiny memory footprints, like PicoLisp can run in a few kilobytes of memory
Is that weird?I don't know enough about Ada to comment on it.just go back to C, if youre going to cry like a bitch about Lisp having a large executable runtime all the time then there is no reason for you to be using Lisp, is there?The thing he doesn't seem to understand is how the Lisp executable is capable of significantly more than the C executable will ever be able to do.It would be like comparing C's printf to Common Lisp's format and preferring printf because it's simpler, but frustrating and almost useless in comparison.Good enough is the enemy of great.
I just found out about starting emacs as a daemon, this editor is so fucking dank.
Forth's window of opportunity came and went. There is no other language that gives realtime interactity with bare metal hardware like Forth does. It would have been the perfect shell language for home computers of the lates 70s and and 80s, but instead everyone chose the horrible abomination of BASIC. Embedded engineers still use Forth to test their hardware, like Lisp machines, Forth is really an operating system unto itself. But for running on modern operating systems there is no use for Forth. Stack juggling really gets tedious for complicated data.
SBCL including the compiler with the application doesn't make it a VM.
every programming language has a runtime for doing language specific tasks, even C has a runtime. guess what, that runtime is a barebones VMagain, just go back to C, no one here cares about the size of the executable
The problem with Forth is that it makes people juggle the stack. It's the same thing with juggling stacks and registers in assembly.Most people prefer to have a compiler or interpreter do that for them.
Emacs is the best. I've been using it for erc, emms, gnus, reading pdfs, writing pdfs, tramp, term, eshell, slime, org-mode, and to control stumpwm.  Sometimes I even do some text editing! I usually only have it and a web browser open now.  Once Lispkit browser matures a bit more, I might even be controlling my web browser from emacs.Switching from vim to emacs was one of the better life decisions I've made.
I've been having a really hard time switching from vim to emacs
But I'm not the C-fag, and I don't generally care about memory footprint or executable size.In fact, I bumped SBCL's dynamic space allocation size from 512MB to 4GB on my machine.I really regret bringing up the JVMs memory considerations to begin with, because every retard in the universe gets hung up on this shit. The point is that with multiple, largely compatible implementations to choose from, you can make the same code work in many places with very few modifications depending on your needs; not that high-memory usage = bad.guess what, that runtime is a barebones VMThis is a fucking stupid point to make if you're attacking my actual position.
I feel you.It's hard at first because you feel like a crippled idiot during the transitional phase.Very frustrating.
yea i keep pressing :wq
Pic related.Then go through the tutorial one or more times until you really get a feel for the basics. C-h t After that, read the introduction to emacs lisp.  You will improve rapidly as you go through it, and really start understanding how to extend emacs on your own. C-h i ^ ^ ^ m Emacs Lisp Intro I recommend not using Evil or other non-default keybindings to start out with until you understand how emacs works a bit better.
I wish spacemacs had an ergoemacs mode. I really like the way it manages configs and already comes with everything you'd need by default.Another former vim user here too, emacs really is great.
what would be emacs equivalent of search, like vims /findthiswhat about search and replace?do you guys use vim-pager?
Does Emacs' isearch bound to C-s work for you?Find a good binding for replace-string or regex-replace
C-s is incremental searchC-r is a backwards incremental searchyou keep typing C-s or C-r to increment/decrement.are a few options for replacement. See that link or the emacs manual/help functions.
query-replace is default bound to M-%I highly recommend reading the full manual and the intro to programming in elisp - The latter being wonderful and highly accessible even for people with no prior programming experience.Emacs is not a text editor.It's the closest thing that's ever existed to a humanly usable universal machine.It's the most beautiful thing I've ever had the pleasure of encountering.It's a way of life.
so you can open and close files within emacs without exiting. can you move directories? list directories? etc?
can you move directories? list directories? etc?Yes and yes.
so you can open and close files within emacs without exiting.Yes.can you move directories? list directories? etc?You can run any shell command with M-!.  Also, look into dired.Emacs really is preferable to using several small tools with their own incompatible ways of doing things.
If you're used to programming with Vim and a shell with e.g. tmux or screen or whatever, Emacs replaces both of those, rather than just Vim. When you use the shell it'll be from inside Emacs.It's a bit of a perspective change but trust me, being able to modify and inspect every detail about your programming environment is worth it.
using emacs and vim through a terminal emulator20151993 called, they want their old people back
dired modeopen dir instead of file using C-x C-fyfwthen try opening an archive of some sort and see what happensthere's so much it can do that I don't think even most power users know about or usebut it's not about what it does, it's about how it does itthat's why it's so powerfulemacs is a concept, an approach, not a thingit is processive as opposed to productivefocus being given to the process, not the productthe product then easily becomes whatever you want or needwhen you truly come to understand what exactly emacs is, the rest of your OS just becomes a bootloader for itcan't wait till I can 3D print elisp machines and run emacs directly
Not that anon, but I think he was just talking about running term or eshell inside of emacs and not using a terminal emulator to run emacs.
Emacs works great in a terminal emulator.
That's definitely true but you lose some really great functionality that is not easily recompensed, like X clipboard and other integration, pdf reading, and image viewing within emacs. Eww, for instance, is vastly superior out-of-the box when running the emacs gui, and you can make the emacs gui look virtually identifcal to how it looks in a terminal emulator with little trouble.
I will never understand the kind of people who use emacs for everything web browsing, reading pdfs, listening to music, editing text, ... when specialized programs can do it better.It's like they WANT their emacs to be like UNIX. They're back in the old days of having to use keyboard shortcuts to achieve anything and a mess of poorly documented extensions which might or might not lose compatability with emacs during the next update. Want to do something new? Better go look up some packages, read their manual and hope it compiles. Because clicking a few buttons is way too easy and fast, that shit is for casuals.Well, it's not completely like UNIX. Now they're not doing one thing as good as necessary but not better but now they're doing a lot of things as good as necessary but not better.
give it to me in english because i don't understand
It's not just about keyboard shortcuts or doing something just as necessary.  It's really about extension and interoperation.If I want to write a function to filter a certain person on IRC, I can easily switch over to *scratch* and write a small function to do so in 20 seconds.If I want to download every image in a *chan thread, I can do the same thing.Doing these in stand-alone programs would often mean having to use different ways to interact with the programs, and restarting the program to see changes.  It takes longer, is more involved, and is often less expressive, limited by what the program supports unless you want to recompile your own version.I can use org-mode and LaTeX to make pdfs within emacs very efficiently. Why wouldn't I open them within emacs to see them as I'm working on them?The reason you don't quite understand why people love all the emacs packages and modules so much seems to be that you don't understand the power and expressiveness of your text editor also being a lisp interpreter.
I will never understand the kind of people who use emacs for everything web browsing, reading pdfs, listening to music, editing text, ... when specialized programs can do it better.Specialized programs usually aren't written in a way that allows you to dynamically customize them.  Emacs offers a consistent interface too, so everything you've learned is still applicable, whereas learning a new tool is a pain.As an example, I'm able to display all of my playlist with EMMS in a single screen by adding more vertical windows, resize text, and enable follow-mode.  I'm also able to more easily adjust defaults in the same config .emacs file for the rest of things and add extensions without recompilation.  It's much better than CMUS ever was.It's like they WANT their emacs to be like UNIX. They're back in the old days of having to use keyboard shortcuts to achieve anything and a mess of poorly documented extensions which might or might not lose compatability with emacs during the next update. Want to do something new? Better go look up some packages, read their manual and hope it compiles. Because clicking a few buttons is way too easy and fast, that shit is for casuals.You're conflating UNIX with all of older computing.  Emacs usually deprecates features before removing them entirely.Well, it's not completely like UNIX. Now they're not doing one thing as good as necessary but not better but now they're doing a lot of things as good as necessary but not better.I don't see what you mean.  It sounds like you made a mistake here.As it stands, I use st, Iceweasel, mupdf, a Common Lisp implementation, Emacs, and StumpWM, along with other miscellaneous language implementations and tools.It provides a nice enough abstraction over the mess that is UNIX.
when specialized programs can do it betterth.. they can't thoughAnd if they do, that's no one's fault but your own.Instant, easy, unlimited customization and extension for everything is what doing everything through Emacs buys you.You are only limited by your knowledge and imagination.I'm exaggerating of course.I don't use it for \emph{everything}but I resent the times I do have to leave it.It's not about casual avoidance or adhering to some kind of style - It's about making everything in your life easier and better.Some pick up on this right away and never look back - Others like maybe you unfortunately never will.
If I want to write a function to filter a certain person on IRC, I can easily switch over to *scratch* and write a small function to do so in 20 seconds.Or you could be using a decent IRC client where you can just right-click and hit ignore.If I want to download every image in a *chan thread, I can do the same thing.Or you can just install a browser extension to do that for you and click a button to do that.Doing these in stand-alone programs would often mean having to use different ways to interact with the programsOh no!and restarting the program to see changes.No.It takes longer, is more involvedHahahahaand is often less expressiveYes, that image downloader with its predefined wildcards for various file types sure needs its expressiveness!limited by what the program supports That is a real problem with open source software, it's so hard to modify it!unless you want to recompile your own version.How terrible. If only I could get my Linux distribution's exact config for the program compilation so I could create an exact copy except including my modifications.Oh wait.I can use org-mode and LaTeX to make pdfs within emacs very efficiently.Or you could do it in TeXmaker/TeXstudio which offer more.
Or you could do it in TeXmaker/TeXstudio which offer more.Don't criticize org mode/emacs in general if you don't understand it.
Or you could be using a decent IRC client where you can just right-click and hit ignoreThen I'm limited.  How do you /ignore someone until they say "sorry" in a query to you?Or you can just install a browser extension to do that for you and click a button to do that.And again, you lose the power of fine tuning the function to exactly how you want it to be.Oh no!Well if you like having to look at a manual, reference, or wiki every time you want to hack a different program, more power to you.Yes, that image downloader with its predefined wildcards for various file types sure needs its expressiveness!Yes, because functions exactly duplicate regex.That is a real problem with open source software, it's so hard to modify it!It really can be.  Have you seen some of the terrible code in some projects?How terrible. If only I could get my Linux distribution's exact config for the program compilation so I could create an exact copy except including my modifications.Oh wait.Yes, because downloading a config file, modifying it, and recompiling is so much more efficient that evaluating a function in another buffer.Or you could do it in TeXmaker/TeXstudio which offer more.Does it now? Care to elaborate?
And yet another thread proving that Lisp is only used by hipsters and editor zealots. As soon as one person shits on it everyone goes into a nerd rage mode.May Lisp rest forever in the past. Good bye, thread.
nerd rage modeIt's called debate.  Sorry you can't deal with being called out for what you say.
If you can't handle basic discussion then you're probably not contributing much anyway.
You obviously have no idea what Emacs is or how it works.RTFMIf anything, Emacs is the best example of the most pure implementation of `the unix philosophy' there ever was.Emacs itself is nothing and does nothing.It is a language and a way of thinking about how you interact with your machine.There is no bloat, just other peoples ideas manifest, removable or changeable, extendable.Everything isn't a file, it's an idea.Emacs is an idea translator.Emacs is a human and humane interface for making thoughts tangible.Sorry, I can't stop.Just thinking about it gets me wet.
I highly recommend reading the full manual and the intro to programming in elispI think a lot more people would be interested in the inner workings of emacs when GuileEmacs finally gets finished. Its really kind of annoying we still to have to deal with elisp in 2015
oh pls, elisp is fine.They're all pretty much the same.I actual rather like the super minimality and quirks of the original elisp spec.
its not fine, I have no problem with minimalism, I prefer minimalism, but dynamic scoping castrates Lisp as much of the power of Lisp lies in clojures and other high order function abilities that lexical scoping brings. Im not going to waste my time learning elisp
clojureshe he, whoops, I mean closures
but dynamic scoping castrates Lisp as much of the power of Lisp lies in clojures and other high order function abilities that lexical scoping brings. Im not going to waste my time learning elispThis is a myth setq lexical-binding 't This was added quite a while ago to Emacs proper.
somehow I dont believe that config converts all of elisp to lexical scope
I agree that elisp isn't quite as nice as CL or Scheme, but really if you know either of those learning elisp will take you a couple of hours at best.
Although I thought it really stupid at first, I've been thinking a lot about that talk when an experienced emacser talks about embedding webkit or a similar browser toolkit into emacs and I really like the idea now. If emacs could become everything for the internet that it currently is for text I would never use another program. I know it'll never happen in GNU emacs they can't even get lldb into GUD because stallman it would be the first change I would make if I ever made a big emacs fork.
It makes all elisp code in the file/buffer lexically bound, I believe. So all code you write can have lexical bindings, but it doesn't instantly break all your packages that happen to use dynamic.
I'm just worried about the security of it. I trust Icecat/Iceweasle dev team to fix things in a timely manner more than a one person emacs plugin dev.
Wouldn't it mostly just be merging patches from upstream? If it were sandboxed properly, I don't think there'd be too many exploits. Especially since no one would specifically target the emacs fork.
Good point.
In this moment, my code is anaphoric. Not because of any phony Blub syntaxes. But because, it is enlightened by read/compile-time macros, quotes/backquotes, and s-expressions.
 loop print eval read 
jesus fuckin' christ are we really having the god damned editor holy war in herewhy are we just shitting up /lisp/ this way
Friendly reminder that Racket is adopting a much simpler syntax hygiene model come next release so check for compatability issues. Complex macros will be a lot easier to write.
what does this mean for ror and htdp?
How do I get started using emacs as a vim user? I already installed evil-mode.Also how do I properly get started configuring emacs, and what are some must-have extensions? For vim it was always really easy to find good configs online - for emacs, not so much.
take a look at spacemacs, i gather it's sort of a better evil-modeas for must-have extensions, here's the ones i use constantly i guess?- magit, amazing git integration- if you write javascript, js2-mode - a true ES5 parser for syntax highlighting and validation- lusty-explorer, fuzzy-matching selection of files and buffers based on a vim plugin- if you write html, emmet-modethat's most of it off the topone thing to avoid is stuff like helm and prelude, you don't really learn emacs that way so much as emacs plus a bunch of other stuff, and then it's a headache later to figure out how to customize stuff outside whatever frameworkbest just to take it straight, and expect it to take some getting used to, vim and emacs are both good but very different
class="quote"what are some must-have extensions?Depends on what you're editing. Emacs Rocks on youtube is a good start, or just search for "emacs language of your choice". For a rundown of basic functionality, you should watch jekor's .Emacs.
wow, i might have to switch my init over from init.d to org-babel, that's pretty cool
Clojure's CLR port has been ok.
yes it is a buffer local variable, so it rarely make sense to set the variable globally.instead you typically put a declaration in the first line of a file like:;; -*- lexical-binding: t; -*-
... and it would be nice, maybe one day, to put a safe-recursion declaration as well.
i know
Anybody play with the knowledge-representation or reasoning packages for Common Lisp?
What are some must have OSX apps for monitoring your system? Kinda like task manager in windows, or process explorer, tcpview?
Why don't you use the built in monitoring tool?
There isn't one.
I don't even know what that is, im a windows fag.
Activity Monitor.
It's called Activity Monitor, and it's in the utilities folder.  So is Console, which displays every log on the system in realtime.Unless you're a dumbass and said "OSX" meaning, "OS 9", which you posted a picture of.
There isn't one.Hahahahahahahahahahaha. Good one.
Flat loading barThat's System 7.
tfw used windows all my lifepretty confident using the osmove to maci have no idea what im doing.exeshould i bother learning how to use terminal / console etc? im lost
Good eye.
You should use it like a normal computer.  Just because the terminal is there doesn't mean you ever have to touch it.
Use only as needed. I jump between Linux and OS X, so the terminal is always handy for menial tasks.
The filename claims it's System 8, yet there's no Platinum.
tfw navigating somebody's mac with bash because I don't understand the osx gui
You'll get used to it.
You have to be literally retarded if you can't figure a mac out.
Today's OS X switcher protip:Command-Tab works like Alt-Tab in Windows, but if you're wondering why it doesn't unminimize your selected app from the dock, try holding down Option before you let go of Command.
You use the Console in much the same way you use cmd on modern windows computers.i.e. to do something slightly hacky or abstract, or to monitor a process without the GUI getting in the way.
lol @ switching to mac instead of just switching to linux and being done with OS switching for the next 5+ years.
what is distro-hopping autism
switchingimplying you are limited to using one OS at a time
Activity Monitor does what task manager does.If you install XCode you can also have an app called "Instruments", which can attach to certain processes on your system and offers a whole lot of inspection tools, pic related.If that isn't enough, then there's still the obvious solutions that work on any system, like Wireshark, Valgrind, etc, and the typical bash commands you can use to list processes and which ports they are using, etc.Also, alternatively you can use ctrl+F4 to just switch between open windows just on the current workspace.
OS X usually has more useful stuff built in tbo
System 7.5.1 and later have a Mac OS splash screen
quick question, are there any OS X alternatives to Wireshark that don't require X11 to be installed?
tcpdump :^
instead of just switching to linux and being done with OS switching for the next 5+ years.But that's what it's like to switch to OS Xbe distrohopping for yearsvarious distros on various computersswitch to OS Xupgrade other computers to Macsnow, 4 years later, all either run OS X or an OS X / OpenBSD dual bootFeels great. However I did just pick up an IdeaPad S10-3 for a dedicated OpenBSD laptop
I was afraid you were going to say that :/
Yes, Wireshark. I'm pretty sure it doesn't need X11

No Idea buddy, whats wrong with installing X11?

Then install X11, kiddo
open terminal.app and run top
ITT mac os shills when they know that mac has no advantages over windows or linux
I know that feel.the DE is shit, it's like using Ubuntu with UnityYou use the Console in much the same way you use cmd on modern windows computers.wrongi.e. to do something slightly hacky or abstract, ...more wrongwinbabbies please go
a disease common among people who don't know you can change your desktop environmentmight as well be, dual booting is the worst hell I ever experienced in my life
mac os shills when they know that mac has no advantages over windows or linux It just werks
no advantages over windows or linuxplease don't group these two together. Windows is a cancer. Mac OS and GNU/Linux are pleasantly crafted unix-like operating systems.
Yes and I almost believed that. I used a mac almost all through my university but had to switch to windows for socket programming because BSD has retarded level gcc support for packet sniffing.Linux also just works for what I needed but mac os is just good for consumer-level stuff and web development, not much else.

 might as well be, dual booting is the worst hell I ever experienced in my lifeWhy?I'd probably be fucked if somebody held a gun to my head one day and told me I had to pick a single OS to use.
In what ways is windows "cancer"?In terms of security even though mac and linux shills love to talk about how windows has so many viruses, there are more vulnerabilities left open in the mac and linux OSes than in windows.
I'll start by saying that I was dual booting Win8.1 and Debian, or maybe it was CrunchBang at the time, doesn't matter.I mained GNU/Linux of course, but Windows was there "for games", I told myself. Really, I just wasn't ready to let go of one, Terraria. The months in which I suffered through dual booting consisted of friends making me switch to play a game. Dual booting is like having two computers but having to shutdown one to use the other for _any reason_. Torrents stop, you have to deal with a different interface and programs, etc. Eventually I just took the Windows HDD out of my computer and told everyone to fuck off.
It's a special snowflake OS. It dumbs things down with over-simplified guis, errors that don't make sense bluescreens, horrid problems that can just go unsolved forever people who tell you to reinstall Windows to "fix" something, constantly has to be rebooted annoying and unnecessary, muh uptime, etc., the CLI is embarrassingly bad and hard to understand, it's ugly, it's tough to make it not ugly bblean and cygwin are neat in theory but work poorly in practice, it doesn't support things that are standard on unix-like systems like ssh, rsync, etc.There was a wonderful thing a long time ago called UNIX. It lead to other operating systems made in a similar fashion, but better. We got BSD, Mac OS, GNU/Linux. They're all wonderful. But somehow, Microsoft thought it'd be fine to make their own shit completely different, and a lot worse. It's been a long long time and everything is just as it was back then. Windows is not compatible with anything else. Its popularity has just lead to tears. Incompatible games, incompatible system monitoring tools, incompatible file systems, etc. You can have any GNU/Linux distro, BSD flavor, or version of Mac OS X under the sun in the same house and have them all talk to each other just fine, but the second a Windows machine shows up it's a pain in the ass to deal with. Fuck Windows. I spent over a decade growing up using Windows. I can't even believe the wonderful world of UNIX was hidden from me for so long. To call Windows a cancer is the nicest way I can put it without going into one of these autistic rants.
DE is shitLearn to use it, it's pretty damned nice.Pretty much everything has advantages over Windows.As for Linux, it's more of a preference thing. I use OS X for desktop use because it's a UNIX operating system with commercial application support. It's sort of a happy medium between UNIX-like operating systems Linux, *BSD, etc. and Windows. Many programs for Linux compile on OS X with no modification, and OS X can even run graphical programs with X11 alongside Quartz Compositor. It may not be able to run every program Windows can, but unless you use a lot of niche software you should be fine.
Learn to use it, it's pretty damned nice.Perhaps you're right, but regardless of OS I have never liked having a dock. I also don't actually own a Mac, have just used them in classes or when with friends who have one. Tough to learn it super well when I don't have one. I kinda wanna try to setup a Hackintosh to tinker with Mac OS X.Pretty much everything has advantages over WindowsAgreed. I've been trying to explain this to everyone I know for a few years now, but they're still stuck in the "macfags are shit, I love Windows, muh games, etc." phase. A lot of them have this idea that GNU/Linux is better, though. They can't explain why they think it, but they're always saying things like "I'd probably use Linux if it supported more of the games I play, or this audio manipulation software I use". I actually rarely hear "why should I switch when Windows does what I need?" It's like everyone has a casual hatred for Windows that doesn't get discussed much.
distro-hopping has ended for me when I found arch
ended for me sometime between finding crunchbang and crunchbang dying moved to Debian and used the same setup of openbox + tint2 with same configsSometimes I wonder what the other distros are like, though. Not the 392 flavors of Ubuntu, but things like Fedora, Gentoo, and Arch that are totally different from what I've tried. I figure I should also learn some sort of Redhat so I can put that I'm familiar with it on my resume. I'm hoping to go from NEET to GNU/Linux sysadmin someday.
but regardless of OS I have never liked having a dockSet it to autohide and forget it exists. I have my dock on my secondary monitor on the side and the mouse moving all the way over triggers Synergy to capture the cursor, so the only way I could ever see it is if I tried. Of course you probably don't have a setup like this, but sadly you can't disable it one small gripe I have against the OS, but it's a meh sort of thing. Basically just don't use it.
Basically just don't use it.The issue here is where the windows will go. If I could just install openbox + tint2 or maybe i3 on Mac OS X I'd probably have setup a hackintosh a long time ago. I either need icons for running things in my panel or I need something like i3 where it's tiling and what you see is what you get.
special snowflake osOk... Doesn't really make sense because its the most widely usedover-simplified GUIsSubjective and not necessarily bad.errors that don't make senseblue screensBSOD, I'll admit to you, that doesn't give a super descriptive traceback of the error but the error code is correlated to the problem and can be googled. There are similar vague errors given by Mac OS X kernel panic although I haven't encountered any such thing in linux mostly if stuff breaks, there are no errors even given but in some log buried in the filesystemproblems that can just go unsolved foreverMicrosoft releases updates fixing things on the OS's end just as soon and often as Apple does for their stuff. Linux commonly takes longer to iron out bugs in software. In fact, the "reinstall to get working" thing is one of the main complaints of vanilla linux installs like Arch.CLI is badAgain, subjective. It's not as good as Linux/UNIX CLIs but then, you don't need it or rather need it rarely because of GUIs available for every task.uglySubjective and their are programs I know of one good commercial one allowing users to install themes which make it look like Mac or any other thing the user can script up. Most people agree with windows 8 and 10 design choices.ssh, rsync etc.Those tools also have GUI frontends for free on windows but if shell is a must, cygwin or mingw suffices quite well.not compatible with ANYTHING elseSounds like a highly biased remark. At least at qualifiers to make it more believable like "mostly". Windows has support for everything UNIX does albeit it doesn't "feel" as good because of the use of third party toolsincompatible gamesI don't evensystem monitoring tools, file systemsIt has support for most major file systems and there are third party programs for ext and hfs support. As for monitoring tools, there are too many to count but the inbuilt ones are good enough for most tasks.
quoting a blog post that compares the "amount" of security issues without any further contextdoesn't even do it properly and splits windows issues among different versions while aggregating all other operating systems"news page" literally repeats that shit without any further research. Its kind of sad that people are not critical enough and just repeat this shit without any further thought.Look, even the original source of that statistic has already revoked it as not capable of comparing the security of operating systems in a different blog posts: please stop spreading that bullshit, thanks.
I understand the headache. I've been dual booting Windows w/ OS X on my laptops for a while now, and used to dual boot it with loonix on my desktop. I had the same problem as you at first, but the trick was to make sure I had my workspaces setup properly for each OS' intended purpose. It works out OK for me because most of the tools I use are platform agnostic, with the exceptions being the reasons why I need to have more than one OS ready to go. Cygwin more or less makes interface differences non-existent: I just don't deal with the windows GUI if I don't have to, although I now have a dedicated machine setup for windows programming, so I don't even bother with Cygwin on my laptop anymore.The biggest headache then winds up being the wait between switching OS', which used to be a real pain in the neck with a 6 year old HDD, but now that I dual boot off an SSD, it's rediculously painless.Guess that doesn't help you though, since we dual boot for different reasons. It's been a while since I've dual booted my desktop, and I almost never run any torrents on my laptop. I only ever use windows for CAD, and for software projects where either the existing code is windows specific, or where everybody else uses windows, so it doesn't make sense for me to force myself into a cross platform toolchain.
Those statistics were the number of known vulnerabilities affecting each OS. Meanwhile, you provided nothing to back yourself.
Ok... Doesn't really make sense because its the most widely usedthe OS itself is the special snowflake by being different than every other OS, I'm not saying it's used by special snowflakesAgain, subjective. It's not as good as Linux/UNIX CLIs but then, you don't need it or rather need it rarely because of GUIs available for every task.No, no. It's missing tons of features and it doesn't have man pages. I'd say Windows CLI is objectively very bad.GUIs available for every taskhaving to learn a bunch of different GUIs and counting on there being a button for every task you need to do is ridiculous and not possibleIncompatible gamesI don't evenMicrosoft creating shit like DirectX, .NET, C#, etc. that only works on Windows is the reason most games aren't compatible with the unix-like operating systems.
So the worst case, from your own source, is that all platforms can be said to be equally secure.I asked about specific advantages Mac and Linux have over windows and am just trying to say that security isn't one. You haven't refuted that point.
I'm glad you can understand the headache, but it still sounds like you just had more tolerance than I did for the whole situation. Every time I explain this to someone they legitimately believe I'm complaining about boot times when switching over, when really I couldn't care less about that. The issue is that I'm switching operating systems and I can't leave background tasks going on. Also the fact that I'd gotten so used to a lot of nice CLI things with GNU/Linux that just weren't possible on Windows, so I was gimping my computer every time I switched over.
Where do you need the windows to go that you need the dock? Cmd+tab cycles programs, Cmd+` cycles windows of the current program. iirc F11 shows the desktop although I normally just switch to a different virtual desktop if I need to see it. Also there's Mission Control if you need to see everything you've got open
I had the same experience as a systems administrator primarily Linux, and a bit of Cisco and Windows. Took me twenty minutes to figure out how to install a program until I worked out it just wanted me to drag an icon onto the hard disk. Mac is fucked for people who know how to computer.
So the worst case, from your own source, is that all platforms can be said to be equally secure.No, that does not follow from that source.
I would argue that both the open source nature as well as higher number of _known vulnerabilities_ actually shows that as far as GNU/Linux goes, they're better at finding and fixing issues than Windows is.I'd say major issues going undetected are similar to Nuclear Reactor meltdowns. They're extremely rare, make the news for a week, but then everything is okay and only a few people take it more seriously than it was. e.g. heartbleed/shellshock.Windows has all sorts of known exploits that are being purposely left open for things like government spying. A lot of people will look at this and be like "wow that's fucked up that it's easier to spy on us", and that's true, but you also need to realize that there are horrendous issues that go unfixed because of this. Imagine if someone besides the NSA is documenting these unfixed exploits. This kinda shit is probably why Windows has so many security issues.I can't speak much on specifically Mac OS X unfortunately. It's not something I'm super well-informed on.
Ok ill give into the bad CLI because I myself have not used it much and at the same time haven't heard it's praises from users.But everything else you quoted is simply personal preference. The issue of games being incompatible with UNIX-like OSs because of them trying to be compatible with windows is that of ideology - you believing that windows should try to go out of their way to remain compatible with other OS architectures for no feasible return.having to learn different GUIsIt's easier than having to learn different formats of CLI arguments for different tasks. There's a reason for this too - people would rather not spend minutes looking up man pages to do that which could be done with a menu option through exploration in seconds.
So which platform is more secure?Probably the one you’re most familiar with as it’s not just about the underlying platform but also about how it’s configured and set up.   A secure system is not achieved by selecting the solution that has the least issues. It is achieved by choosing a system you’re familiar enough with to know how to properly secure it. A poorly configured Linux Server can be at risk as much as a poorly configured Windows ServerWhat does this say other than "use what you like"?Why doesn't the data support the argument that "linux is more secure"?
It's really about comfort and efficiency when we get down to this issue. On any of the major OSs you can alt/cmd-tab your way through all your shit, it's just not usually very efficient. I frequently argue that nothing is faster with a mouse than a keyboard, but sometime just going up to my panel and clicking on the program I want to view is nice.So, let's say I come to terms with this issue. My next issue is that due to the panel at the top not showing what windows are open, it's useless to me. The clock and battery percentage are helpful, but those aren't really the main features of a panel to me. So now that's more wasted space. I hate the persistent menus thing that Mac OS X has going on. I have titlebars hidden on Debian. I hardly ever need them, and I like my windows to have no border. If I ever need to maximize or something I can hit alt-space to open the menu, and I can move/resize by alt-dragging with left and right click. All these issues come down to the DE being made the opposite of how I'd want it.
Please tell us specifically what "known" exploits are being left open in windows? Also, is there any data on time to fix exploits which compares microsoft with say, the linux kernel?
I'm not sure if you want me to reveal the exploits themselves or tell you some edgy codename. What exactly are you asking? Snowden leaking documents revealed that there are exploits being left open on purpose for the NSA. I don't really see why it matters if I have a way to specifically refer to them. Perhaps you're just misinterpreting something I said.
Stay on Winshit if you feel comfortable with it
Give me any source on it? Literally anything to support your claim is what I am asking.snowden leaking documentsI am very very familiar about those documents and have actually read through several hundred of the presentation documents he released.They were about open access to Microsoft, Apple, Google, Yahoo and Facebook servers for the NSA. They DID NOT give anything to believe that there are holes left in the operating systems themselves.And by your assumption of open vulnerabilities, is it not safe to assume also that OS X has them too given that Apple has been cooperating with NSA also?I just want to better understand where you get your basis for your claims from and that's why I asked for examples of vulnerabilities hoping you'd provide some source for your claim.
Fun fact: The computer in that GIF is a SPARCStation, which ran SunOS UNIX, which was command line based.
easier than learning different formats of CLI arguments for different tasksthe thing is, unless you're on Windows, you don't have to. This unix-like compatibility I'm talking up so much mean that a terminal on a Mac, BSD, or GNU/Linux will use almost exactly all the same utilities and commands that I've come to know. Typing "eject" into a terminal to eject a disc is way easier than trying to learn some new file manager on an OS I've never used before.This problem isn't just with operating systems either, and Windows isn't the only one doing it. I once took a web design class in which we were using Adobe Dreamweaver. It is the worst GUI I've come into contact with in my life. Basic tasks were extremely difficult to figure out, so I operated in a split view mode where I was able to input my own html, and I only navigated my way through the clusterfuck of confusing menus for the CSS stuff, since I wasn't well-versed in CSS.As for you implying reading a manual is a chore, you can just type "man vi" and then hit / and search for what you're looking for and usually find what you need without reading the whole manual. Tons of commands I use on a regular basis are ones I didn't read the whole manual for, but sometimes if I have free time I might look through some man pages and learn some new cool things about a program I use regularly. Man pages are on all unix-like operating systems as far as I'm aware. They are not on Windows, and funnily enough, Windows also has the most complicated CLI. Sometimes it feels like Microsoft is punishing me for trying to use their OS for any reason.At this point I don't care what you pass off as personal preference. I'm still just a young adult and until probably 5 or 6 years ago, Windows was either all I used, or what I used mainly, and I've been using computers since I was very very young. I'm not biased because I grew up with macs or had some grandpa who showed me GNU/Linux or something. I found it on my own much later.

Those statistics were the number of known vulnerabilities affecting each OS. Meanwhile, you provided nothing to back yourself.The amount of know vulnerabilities says nothing about the security of said system. When a vulnerability is found and patched in development without public knowledge of the issue and the change to exploit it didn't do any harm. If a bug is known and abused for a long time it is dangerous. A more accurate measurement would be the amount of "exploited" vulnerabilities, or the delay between release of a zero day and the arrival of the patch on the installation. Microsoft had issues delivering bugfixes on time [1], or fucked up patch deployment all-together bricking the installer [2], which leads to people not patching systems properly.[1] from the blogpost:Another aspect to consider is that Microsoft is undeniably the most popular operating system but Linux is also the most diverse. Windows runs on a select few architectures whilst Linux runs, well… everywhere – inside your watch, TV, fridge, mobile phone – even inside your Large Hadron Collider if you’re lucky enough to have one. All the different hardware adds to the complexity and that increases drastically the chances for vulnerabilities to develop.Linux also tends to go for a lot more experimental development where new concepts are tested and, at times, implemented into the operating system itself. Take File Systems as an example. Windows supports three different file systems whilst Linux supports a much larger number. If one person is using the standard ext4 file system does it really make their system less secure if the vulnerability was detected in the xfs file system implementation? Not really.
And by your assumption of open vulnerabilities, is it not safe to assume also that OS X has them too given that Apple has been cooperating with NSA also?Yes, Mac OS X is also compromised. It's a real shame, but security isn't actually something I argue about when deciding the OS. I'm one of the people arguing that Windows is a cancer and any OS would be better to use, the security discussion was a separate one that I only just recently chimed in on.I do not have a source for my claims, and I understand if you choose not to believe them. I'm afraid I haven't been able to find what I'm thinking of with a search of my history, nor my bookmarks. Feel free to do your own research if you care any more about this.
Fun fact: The computer in that GIF is a SPARCStation, which ran SunOS UNIX, which was command line based.only on /g/ would you find a post like this
Heh. Not many other people would have recognized it. I own one myself from my days at grad school. It looks like the artists of that series put quite a lot of attention into detail, including the distinguishable 3-button mouse and side floppy/tape drive.
No fucking shit
OSX does not require X11, you can compile directly...,you can compile directly.compilemaybe you should trade your mac in for some baby proofing materials and a speak and spell
The fuck are you on about? He wants the Cocoa version of the program and the photo clearly states that this is possible.
You can't simply compile Wireshark to use Cocoa. There are dependencies and the UI would have to be rewritten with cocoa libraries. That guy was just shilling for his IDE.Why do you think wireshark doesn't offer a simple "compile it for cocoa" option and instead is spending a lot of time to rewrite the UI in qt?
develops and shills Gnome 3abandons development and uses Mac OS Xgives shit adviceWho would've thought?
I forgot to mention, the solution that guy was talking about involves using GTK-cocoa library instead of GTK+ and significant code rewrite, just like for qt.
You can't simply compile Wireshark to use Cocoa. There are dependencies and the UI would have to be rewritten with cocoa librariesI'm not retarded, I only skimmed the link. Regardless the program doesn't require X11 which is what anon wanted.
I'm not retardedI never implied that. It's your own subconscious which is troubling you with that one.
le look at me all deep and philosophical
deepreddit
redirecting an ironic reddit post to redditAre you new?
No, but I'm probably not was young as you.
Given I'm 19 there's a good chance of that.
top
play with thisif you hold alt and have finder selected it opens your home foldermind blown
Holy shit guys! You must be retarded or something.The op is only asking for information about programs for monitoring, but you are discussing things that have nothing to do. Go fuck yourselves!OP, I recommend some programs. You can use the IStats for hardware monitoring, temperature, voltage, clocks and etc.To monitor the connection, you can use Little Snitch, which also serves as a kind of firewall.It also has the HWMonitor, which serves to monitor the hardware. It is not as complete as the IStats, but does the trick and it's free.
It's bash dude. It's there's a single shell you want to learn how to use it's that.
In NSA USA, OSX monitors you.
Latest development releases of Wireshark available on their website.
Not OP, but what should i use for temp monitoring?
IStats
Highly recommend iStat from bjango, really great customisable menubar status icons for a variety of different stats.I use mine for temperature monitoring, live GPU status monitoring to see if the system has switched to the discrete GPU from the Intel Iris Pro, processor/memory usage and battery charge time.
htop dumbass
I had forgotten to install htop in Yosemite. Thank you for making me remember with your post.OP, for you install htop, simply install the homebrew and then give the terminal command:brew install htop
If you can find an alternative that works as well as Time Machine, I'd be glad to see it.
Shadow Stream Pro from the Mac App Store...
Winshit users, ladies and gentlemen.
OS X comes with Activity Monitor. You can right click the icon on the dock when it's running and it will show the usage of your processor or disks. Leave the program open when you're tasking so that it can record your system resource usage.
phone layouts post em!
, 
What the fuck A laptop gpu like a gtx 970M which is weaker than a 960 but a little bit better than 680 Gets better fps than gtx 690 and 780 TI in witcher 3 and a few more titles. WHAT THE FUCK.
Makes sense.
The GTX 970M, along with the GTX 9xx series in general are better suited to run witcher 3 because of the way that Nvidia's gameworks is optimized.  That's why it runs way worse on last gen hardware that is more powerful, and on AMD hardware that is also more powerful.
have mobile gpu's been fixed yet? I got a 650M a couple years ago and still have the laptop, it plays game alright but it always goes fucking nuclear when it does, seriously cut my laptop's life short to the point where I finally realized I couldn't get around without having a desktop to take care of the heavy workload I put computers through, if you want to put gpu's in a laptop companies need to prioritize energy and heat above all else, having models that are specifically designed to handle the type of cooling help but I essentially just stuck and gaming-pc gpu in a standard laptop case and it suffered for it, companies please make these more universally easy to run with
Carlos Alquezar is using Muscle Sensor V3 from Advancer Technologies to control his InMoov arm. If you have access to a 3D-printer or know someone who does, I used a guy on eBay then consider building this robot yourself. Check out all the documentation right here: 
Thanks OP
You wouldn't 3D print a waifu
neat. might just try this.
Cool.
wow this is cool, now people with no arms can hook these sensors up to their arms and have the ability to do things they couldn't do without arms.
This is good for telerobotic interfaces you cynical cunt. Imagine a highly specialized surgeon in the US operating on someone in Germany without actually having to fly there through a pair of mechanical arms.
This is nothing new at all/there is a much better systempic related, hospitals been the "da vinci" robot for years.
alsooperating on a constantly moving body far enough away that ping is a factorlolno
does that even have opposable thumbs/fingers in different positions or can it only make a fist?
guys ive tried them allchanucloveroverchanmimireaderchantdashchanleafand by far i think chanu is the bestlooks classy as fuckthumbnails are not neededsave all images as oncereplies as listability to filterprobably the only app with picture captchasbuilt in webm playerreliable as fuckhowever there are some cons such asinability to see if someone replied to you ex. Youvery little to no options for the thread watchercant even post webms what the fuckbut overall man, top choice. what about you guys, what do ya'll feel
Just use a web browser you fucking autist
not a lot of features made specifically for a good mobile experience
I use chanu also. I think it's the best option
I use a web browser faggot
Still a clover fanboy for when I'm in class, Chanu is a close second. I've always been that guy who prefers efficient over nice UI design. same reason I've always used tiling window managers and command line programs on my computers.
Can someone link me to chanu?
same reason I've always used blah blahNobody asked.
search it up man. website is fdroid i believe
classyOpinionthumbnails not needed What? replies as list If you mean cascading, you can view the replies through Clover and navigate thempicture captchas Aren't people constantly complaining about these? webm playerClover has this as wellreliableClover is as wellIn addition, Clover gives you all the cons you listed. So why are you still using chanu?
If any AppchanX developer is here, fucking hell fix the fucking bugs, half the time the board doesn't even load and I have to reset the entire fucking extension.
cant filterugly as shitsometimes the captcha inkblot comes back and i have to wait it outi could care less about notifications if someone replied to memostly just preference. anyways by thumbnails not needed, i mean that the pics are already shown at a high quality from just browsing, i dont need to tap it unless i need to zoom in
I used to prefer clover because they track threads better than chanu, but after the new captcha it just broke and only allows me to post once and the captcha won't load again until I restart the app completely.
This. Clover is efficient as fuck. I tried many other clients but they are lagging features all over the place. Clover doesn't look that great currently but that will change soon.
Fair enough. Butsometimes captcha gives me the inkblots There is a reload button on the captcha
thats the thing. you would think reloading would make a difference, but nope. even if i spam reload the captchas are all inkblots and i have to wait at least around 20 minutes to post again. one of the few things that made me start finding other apps to begin with
Chain is still the best browser. Too bad you can't post cause captcha is broken and the dev is apparently dead
Interesting. It doesn't happen to me. Whatever works for you I guess.
I just want /pol/
Consider suicide.

Fuck off
Meh
they fixed that a few weeks back
Just checked, still not fixed for me.Clover also has a much smaller cache than chanu and images are more troublesome to load and save.
Why cant i find chanu on google Play!? Using Clover right now.
f-droid.org u fat shitChanu is shit anyway.
I'm not a fan of Clover's design even though it's really efficient. Chanu's design made it feel like I was browsing something that wasn't 4chan which is helpful especially outside of the house.I use it and Chanobol depending on the situation. Chanobol has potential to be a successful Chanu sucessor but doesn't have enough features at this moment.
helpful especially outside of the housenigga wat? nobody gives a shitI agree about Chanobol, although I use it and Dashchan. Chanobol is kill though, the developer isn't working on it anymore.
Why not use 4chan X?
multiple apps perfect for using 4chan uses browser calls other people autists
needs an app to use a website
You forgot Can't go back to board catalog view from a thread view
I'd use chanobol if:-you could pin threads with a dedicated button like Clover instead of needing to go into a button then press in-the button to exit a reply chain was easier to access currently it sits at the top of the screen-the arrow to jump to the bottom of a thread also doubled as an up arrow although this is no doubt being worked on by the devI'd implement this stuff myself since it's open source but I don't know how to program :^
U s e a f u c k i n g b r o w s e r
I didFagggott
Chanu master race, aldoe it needs some serious bugfixes. e.g. the you can't see the replies posted on a replied post on the small pop-up.
and ofc randomly updating catalog when you leave a thread, reorganizing the entire fucking list.
I agree with your thinking.Tiling is the beast.
chanu master race. No but really I use it but it sucks you can't post. Can't someone fix this shit?
Are people really too poor to afford a 4chan pass?Anyway, just use clover. Has literally everything the other apps offer and doesn't crap out with captchas if you're too cheap to use a 4chan pass.
New clover best
picture captchas Aren't people constantly complaining about these? not on a phone mate
what is this cancer, I'm replying from chanu right now
Gets mad over apps that other people use.Tell me, who is the real autist here?
no updates for 2 weeksit's killI think dev is just taking his sweet time with implementing reply feature. When it's done all other apps are kill.
what is this cancerI could ask the same about you. Facebook, Whatsapp, Skype, Cyanogenmod, Shitload of notifications on top. You are literally the reason 4chan is so shit.
There's a new one? I hadn't had updates for more than a month.
nah I think you got that one covered yourself mate
Are people really too poor to afford a 4chan pass?good goy
It has been fixed a long time ago.Get the newest version from fdroid or github.
How do I download all pictures in a thread? Windows-fag here
Is that the beta? I'm in the testing group but haven't seen it pop up yet. I'm only asking because I know floens said a beta was coming soon a few days ago
I'm fairly sure I've tried every Android 4chan app. Easily 15 of the goddamn things. Two stand out:ChainThis one would be top tier apart from the captchas being broken and the app occasionally crashing for seemingly no reason.ChanobolThis one is new, and works great so far. Smooth, no crashes, simple features. Watch threads, favorite boards, basic stuff. No reply feature implemented yet. After a few updates I can see this one becoming the go-to choice.
The dev version of clover misses a catalog view and has no tablet support.
classyLeneckbeardmeme.png
Because the official version isn't updated anymore and the replacement is so-so?Seriously, appchan x is the best, warts and all.
floens is that really all you got? it doesnt even look that nice cmon man
It's a dev version, not finished
Chanu best
Where is everyone getting this version of clover?I haven't seen anything come up even for the beta
I compiled it from source.can tell you how, if you want.
What's wrong with the mobile site ? Oh yeah nothing
lack of a decent browser
All Overchan and Chanu needs are notification alerts for when someone replies to you/automatically watch a thread you make. Also Chanobol needs replying implemented period.
Does Chanu still shit the fucking bed of you turn your phone sideways while using it? It was pretty off putting.
Overchan needs to allow you to reply, and the layout is very inefficient, as if their main goal and focus was aesthetics and function was an after thought
When will they have material design? All the other apps are doing it.
Did they fix the capatcha? They used to be long as fuck and impossible to read
Just started using Dashchan recently, really digging it
I'd appreciate that although I doubt I'd be able to do itI'd also appreciate uploading the apk somewhere

where's that material design one that was getting posted here for weeks?
Thanks a ton anon, I really appreciate it
No problem, Enjoy.
Hello /g/, I have these two mini Televisions. I bought them this year and have sort of an idea on how to work them. Theyre fully compatible with red/white/yellow, audio/video cables. They need to plugged in to work, unless they need batteries. What im asking here is this: how can I contact a signal strong enough to reach my tv's antenna? Im going to start collecting them btw. Its really exciting cause technology is super interesting and ive always wanted to know how to get reception from a smaller tv.  Any tips?
buying obsolete outdated technology
, 
Why do these things run so shitty for even basic web surfing? Is it the slower RAM or is OS X really that shit? You can't just write it off as age, I've daily driven shit far older that they will theoretically blow the fuck out, but don't.Also, old/hipster shit general I guess.
Bro that's a 13 year old computer. No un-upgraded PC from 2002 will handle modern web browsing any better.
its running a g4 from 2002. its like running a p4 1.4ghz in comparison.its also running a processor type that isn't supported anymore, even by third parties like mozilla.
It was a perfectly fine computer in its day. What's changed is that webpages are massively massively larger and more complex today.
Websites are utter shit today m8.And the web browsers are getting slower and more bloated with each iteration.
Have you tried installing gentoo?
To add to this, I have Chrome open with one tab. It's currently eating up 346 MB of memory.The baseline models of that Mac had 128 and 256 MB of memory.Consider further that those old browsers of the time didn't offer the performance that browsers today have, plus the fact it's an ancient PPC processor, and that explains it all.
What is this and why do i want it?
Install a linux distro with ppc support. I use an ancient ibook that works like new. I ofcourse upgraded some of the parts but kept the ppc for the fuck of it. My clamshell even works as a webdev machine. Sad that there arent many working batteries but I manage.
i want one
use linuxuse midori + recent webkit13 tabs openuses 103mb of ram
My basic web surfing daily driver aside from my W520/X200 is a 1.3 GHz P4 with 1 GB of RDRAM and it still handles the web pretty smoothly don't really watch videos or anything, much better than this 800 MHz shitbox with 768MB of PC133, I can't imagine the 256 MB would make that much of a difference.Not that I really expected it to handle amazingly, but even a site like this takes a little longer than it should to loadtfw I kind of want toother than the slow web surfing they're still pretty good
stop using shitty websites and they'll stop making them
Your browsers there aren't even remotely modern. It was only within the past few years that they've been in an optimization race.
its OS X faultGNU/Linux solves that problem
I'm conflicted about the modern web. On the one hand I'd say 4chan, as an example, has improved immensely with the inclusion of a tonne of javascript. On the other hand I can't stand all the super-fancy bootstrap.js type websites that take over your scrolling and are the 2010s equivalent of Flash.
buy a m.. oh, wait.
Do it. Installing linux to an older machine is currently the only way to get the most out of it. I've been thinking of installing freeBSD to my  old mini for a while.
m..icrosoft windows PC
swap through the fucking roof
So nothing made by google then?They even added "lite" mode to google maps since the full version is too slow now. Opera 9/10 launched instantly from a HDD, now I need an SSD to have my browser open instantly, or install Chrome and have it run all the time in background just to compensateWeb pages loaded faster because they were smaller, and I have 100MB internet, no need for "prediction" and loading pages before you click on the link just to compensateOpera had the nicest smooth scroll that worked beautifully especially on a 100Hz CRT, now major browsers other than IE don't even have it by default because it's horribly taxing on the CPUI could watch 720p video in youtube on my laptop, then 480 and now I'm down to 360 if I don't want skipped frames, needles to say I just download the video and watch it with mpv.
Since Yellow Dog is discontinued, what is the go to Linux distro to install on ancient Macintosh computers? Also good idea or not to buy a Powerbook G4 and use it as a word processor slash dumb terminal?
I think Google has lite version of almost everything they serve up to 3rd world countries. There's probably a way to trigger it.
I used to run Ubuntu on my PPC Macs no problem. I even have official Ubuntu PPC CD's somewhere they mailed to me for free.
netbsd runs on everything
That's definitely a problem, I've just tried Camino even though it's discontinued and botnet now and it seems to be running a little better. Forums say Classilla running in classic mode is pretty good as well.I'd consider 4chan a good example of JS that doesn't go over the top, the site is still usable even on some of the oldest machines you can throw at it.As long as you have enough RAM anything is possible.yeah, I feel kind of attached to OS X but I might do it anyway since I'm currently using this thing as a web surfer/RDP terminal and the latter on PPC mac is absolute garbageI routinely use Google on a PC running a Pentium 75 and 8 MB of RAM, only the search though, I haven't tried anything else of theirs on it.
they serve up to 3rd world countriesI don't think that's it. I don't have the option on my desktop i5 3570, but have it on my laptop 2.1GHz Athlon X2, so it probably detects the hardware. Either way I feel like we're wasting more and more computing power to do the same tasks.
Forums say Classilla running in classic mode is pretty good as well.Running a browser in layer of emulation will not improve anything.
pretty much, there's too much modern software that uses 500 MB of RAM to do the same exact shit we did with 4 MB 20 years ago
Because the web is a completely different platform than it was back when the thing was released. Webpages are chock full of scripts, plugins, redirects, etc. All running in the background, chugging up resources.
emulationClassic mode actually boots a copy of OS 9 and runs applications natively, and Classilla is extremely lightweight since it's designed for older G3/604 Macs as well as G4s
Maybe we shouldn't be too extreme and want 2015 software to run on a 486 but come on a 2.1GHz Athlon 64 with 3GB of RAM should be more than enough, at least it was in the Windows XP days.Now Skype alone uses more resources than the entire Windows XP.
well yeah, "bloat" is inevitable with more advanced features both in the software and the hardware it runs on but yeah, when you look at what the shit does it has no reason to be as bad as it is

Other than moving to 720p to 2160p I don't see any other practical reason to need better hardware. Everything else we do is exactly the same as 5 years ago.
i know that feel. i recently upgraded my imac g4 to 1gb of ram to try and save it.the thing boots in less than 10 seconds, but web pages are slow and youtube doesn't play minimum quality video at more than one frame per three seconds.
Still doesn't do much? fug, well I guess that means I don't have to worry about sourcing a 512 MB stick and opening this shit-tastic thing to get it in there
If I were to put together a Linux distribution designed for old Macintosh computers, would anyone be interested?
use midoriuh, yeah, no thanks.
how old are we talking?
yeah, I feel kind of attached to OS X but I might do it anyway since I'm currently using this thing as a web surfer/RDP terminal and the latter on PPC mac is absolute garbageYou can configure linux to look like anything, even OSX. Pic related, its my current setup, I normally make my laptop look like OS9.
Most current PPC linux distros are primitive and unsupported as fuck. I'd say don't bother.
Today every web page is so loaded full of .js, flash, and umpteen cookie/web bugs for tracking you up the wazoo that the G4 processor is swamped.Try and find as light-weight a browser as you can, block ads, block or disable flash, add a suitable SSD.I still have an old MacBook Pro G4 as my "reserve" if ever there is a problem with my main laptop. Web browsing is pretty slow on modern chock full of shit sites, but Email and even word processing etc is still fine. Obviously CLI stuff works as well as ever. Added a PATA SSD though.
4434 packages Jesus man do you have every single program from the store installed
I doubt my plan of being able to run a web server off a 128k would ever come into fruition, so let's say at least making an iMac G3 usable in 2016?
I do a lot of work, keep my packages fresh, maintain old packages, and contribute code to others. I need almost every package.
sure, why not. i've always wanted to get one of those.
You're alright, doing god's work, anon.
Sure, especially if you put effort into customizing the WM.Yeah, I'll have to give it a try on my other G4 before I shitcan itUse a Mac Plus or SE for that, the 128K can't get on the internet anyway since there's no SCSI port for an ethernet adapter.
Debian works great on PPCI tested myself on my iMac G3
dank memes
say goodnight /g/, read it and weep for humanitythis is happeningwhile you're sitting here eating cheetos and drinking mountain dew with your waifu in hand, know that this is what's going on right under your nose. this is not a conspiracy, this is real life, this is happening. everything you know and love is being regulated, privatized, and all the information that you try to hide is being handed over to corporations.this is it for usgoodnight sweet prince
bump
As long as my iphone works and poor people can't have one I'm fine.
Do you have some better summary? I'm looking for one, will post if I find it.
This one is a little better:
The cartoon is not that accurate, as none of the BRICS is included in the treaty.
This shit has been happening for a while, and it's just Jews being what they are.There's nothing you can really do to stop the Jews because even if you say something like "Oh I won't contribute to what they're doing with my money", they'll still have a lot of other people behind them - and for things such as telecommunications; you aren't going to have people join your cause even if they're told because they would rather suck it up to the man than be without their internet.America's cable and internet companies are examples of maximum Jewery, and nothing gets done. The Governments wont even step in and say 'hey knock this shit off, make competition' because oligopoly.
so is it safe to say /pol/ was right again?
but anon, iphones are more attractive to poor people than to middle class people.
Even if you look past /pol/'s racism and 'heil hitler' type shenanigans, they're not wrong.While I say Jew, we both know what I mean - money hungry corporations, and obviously the man who runs that in the upper levels is the head of it all; The Jew.Like seriously there's fucking nothing you can do as an individual, and I'm not talking "one vote makes a difference!" tier shit that someone's bound to say, but you need it to be something that becomes critical before people and the government, if they give a shit begin doing anything to help with how out of control things get.I'm trying to fucking remember what the history behind it was, and I completely forgot all of the names and everything just parts of the story - about how the American Government wanted to stop greedy Jews being able to control things, so shit was done and obviously in the end failed; about the history how it starts in closed door meetings and shit I fucking forgot the rest.It was basically jews banded together to do jew things, tried to invade from other countries like England, but America's president or higher up person said 'no fuck off' and wrote something about how it shouldn't be that way
Quoting nazi propaganda verbatimBelieving people who lost the warGoebel is proud of you
Even if you look past /pol/'s racism and 'heil hitler' type shenanigans, they're not wrong.I actually take a look at /pol/ every once in a blue moon and aside from "muh happenings" and other forms of shitposting they do legitimately have some interesting points on some stuff.I's kind of scary that you can have some diamonds lodged in a humongous brick of shit, but I guess that's all of 4chan for the most part now that I think of it.
What if Nazis and Allies had worked for the same guys and you're falling for the divide and conquer shit by thinking it's da joos?
is what I was talking about, except in cartoon form. Oh well.The end is falsified though.Yeah, same.And that's also why I still browse 4chan with intent of reading and not just looking at pictures to save now days, if it's a shit thread like "why is windows phone the best phone of 2015?" sort of thing I just ignore it and move on.
/pol/ is always right.
alwaysNot always.
gg, gonna do some psys and meet some chill-ass spirits
I just spent a week testdriving different kinds of desktops. This is my conclusion: everything else except KDE, GNOME and Unity is completely irrelevant. Yes, even Cinnamon and XFCE are irrelevant. Those three will not be irrelevant niche shits in next 10 years.
I love this meme
the "only things that other people use matter" memeIt's a DE. As long as it has active development, who cares if you're the only guy in the world using it?
Wow, where can I hire your consulting company?
Unity is only relevant since it ships with Ubuntu. The only relevant desktops are GNOME and KDE, and MATE, son of GNOME.
LXDE just werks.KDE is still bloatedGNOME3 is still a really bad joke.Unity is a horrible joke.MATE is a somewhat bastardized GNOME2, it's still alright.
Innovation is good regardless if it is popular. If unity, gnome and KDE is the only places where development is relevant then you are going to miss out on a lot of things.
the only relevant desktops are the ones using WMs instead of bloated environments
Xfce? That code base hasn't been updated in like five years now.I prefer openbox with dmenu.
2000 + 15 - 1 + 1still not using i3
 + * 3 5  * 1000 2using the word not out of context
What about Xfce?
Using brackets for Polish notation
DEsrelevant
Good, I prefer my taskbar at the bottom though.
The Nkorean military is also inclusive of civil servants and builders, and their budget is not public knowledge their infant mortality rates are completely unknownthat GDP only takes into account trade, in actuality nobody knows their actual GDPNkorea uses a nation wide Intranet, adding that would increase that number significantly.
Isn't Xfce's default panel on the bottom?You can put it wherever you want.
if you hit the "use default" when you first run it it will be on top
what's useful to one person is bloat to another.kde and gnome are also relevant for the suite of apps they include.Install a lightweight window manager over top and Bob's you're uncle.I would not be at all surprised if a great percentage of people who complain about de bloat are completely unaware of most of the extra features that create that larger footprint, nevermind how to turn off the features they don't  want.
This.
posts on /g/ having not read SICP
I just picked this updid I make the right choice?
SonyTop kek
If it's compact then yes you made the right choiceIf it isn't then you still made a pretty good one
flimsy port coversself cracking glass backright choice
yeah? do you even own one?
That cracking happens on the Z3 too. In fact it's been known notorious among all Z series phones; the runner up being Z1, then Z.I'd say you did okay if you enjoy it OP. But give it a month and see if your glass cracks.tfw you've had it for a whilenot a single sign of cracks or issues
9Yeah, you made a good choice
If z3c. That colour is horrible though.
Yes, but you should have bought the Z3+ which fixes everything wrong with the Z3.
Kill yourself for making yet another shitty phone thread
I've had the Z1 for almost two years now and the glass hasn't cracked. I drop it almost daily because it's so damn slippery.
Yeah I owned a Z and I never had a crack with it until I broke it. I'm lucky though, I've had my Z3C for a while now and it's still fine.Also get a tempered screen protector for the back if you find it too slippery.
Yeah. Sony probably has the best Lollipop out of all OEMs.
i had the z3v and loved it but traded it for a note 4 which i don't like as much but its still p. good
p. good/tumblr/
I think a new one was released, anyone able to figure it out?
Is this a good deal? I'm looking for a barebones-ish prebuilt that I can add components to later, mostly for games. Is the i5 at 3GHz ok for modern games? I'm not looking to run anything at break neck speeds
It's okay, but the price is too high.
refurbishedI wouldn't tempt the devil.Besides, it doesn't looks like this build includes a graphic card, so if you want to play anything modern with decent graphics/framerate, you'll need to throw at least another 150-200$.
That build costs about the sum of its cheap components, with the added benefit of having no idea where they cut corners until its too late.Most prebuilt cases are awful for expansion btw, theyre geared much more towards being small and less expensive to ship. My old HP case aimed my PSU intake and GPU cooler directly at each other and had no cable management options so I had to keep the panel off and let a spaghetti monster of cables fall out the side psu was mounted an inch behind disc drive bays and the gpu cut the case in actual halfFuck dude, you already know the answer. Build one.
bought this at my neighbors yardsale, any one know what the fuck it is?
neck massager
A back massage device.
Massage stick.
it's a vector for herpes
anal dildo
Hitachi's secret money maker that still earns respectable revenues, ver. 001 Overheating after 20m
hes never watched a S&S videohes never looked down the side of mums bed
Its for applying thermal paste
Magic wand.Marketed towards stiff muscles, primarily used for squirting orgasms.
Tongue stimulator. They're quite nice actually, helps to loosen things up before a good tongue scraping.
Is it a legendary fingerbox?
Everyone knew.
i got one of these i use it to mix battery for cakes, and brownies n stuff. I like it it adds more fluff then the other mixer i have.
Gross

When you first buy it, the head is white, it takes on a tan or yellow coloration from absorbing sweat after being repeatedly pressed into erogenous zonesrip OP you bought used goods


Show me how this works.
It's an hitachi, girls on adult webcam sites use them all the time to masturbate.
You should ask this question on /pol/ or /gif/.You'll get ALL the redpills.
This thread has reminded me of this
Oh god, I recognize that from my aunt's houseI wish I was making this up.
It's like seasoning a cast iron skillet, it makes it better.
It's a medical device that sits at the end of a table.It was believed if a woman didn't periodically achieve orgasm, they'd go "hysteric." So they'd visit the doctor to literally get fingered.But before you think doctors felt, "fuck yeah, I get to finger chicks." it was seen strictly as a medical procedure, was tiring, and consumed time that could be spent on other procedures.Look up "chattanooga vibrator."
Huh, never knew these weren't made to be vibrators
dammit, meant to respond to oh well, here's the Chattanooga in use.
This works for a man too btw, you can just put it under the head of your dick or against the base of a dildo in your ass if that's your thing. Don't be fooled by the "women's vibrator" part, you too can take pleasure from this unique device
there's a very ribald comedy sketch in this post, someone just has to write it
Looking for pics of of it, I found there was a play written around the procedure. Even a photo of the prop someone built for it.an image search for "hysteria women" for all kinds of pictures of devices and medical literature of women allegedly afflicted with the condition.
That fucker was steam powered, required 2 people to shove coal in an adjoining room.
Her Excellency the Countess of Aberdeen writes: "That the Saddle has given her complete satisfaction."not even being subtle the little slut
I bought one similar to this for my friend as a gag gift, except that the head was fuckhuge, and it sounded like a reference Fermi when running.
Looks like some sort of mixer for smoothies or some such.
But before you think doctors felt, "fuck yeah, I get to finger chicks." it was seen strictly as a medical procedure, was tiring, and consumed time that could be spent on other procedures.YOU JUST HAD TO RUIN IT, DIDN'T YOU
I'd drink that smoothie ;
A massager. I own a few.
The X1 Orgasmatron is better
was tiring, and consumed time that could be spent on other procedures.How they never outsourced it to the sextoy variant of a shoeshine boy is beyond me.Those are the very same reasons the husband never did it in the first fucking place.
the sextoy variant of a shoeshine boyIt's called a "nurse", if you're taking it into the medical context.
But before you think doctors felt, "fuck yeah, I get to finger chicks." it was seen strictly as a medical procedure, was tiring, and consumed time that could be spent on other procedures.bullshit
Woman on woman action I would personally categorise under entertainment but if you want to give it a medical label you go right ahead.Do you think obgyns still enjoy vaginas after staring into one gaping maw of the abyss to many? Some of those things are unkempt and just plain unholy.
That is literally the reason vibrators were invented. Look it up
There's actually a large following of women who genuinely believe their obgyns are exploiting them by recommending visits and examinations unnecessarily often. :^But for what it's worth, I believe there are some parts of biology we just can't turn off, even if we hide it and make it as professional as possible.
I know, I'm just calling it bullshit because I believe they secretly enjoyed it no matter how much they portrayed the image that they didn't.Heck, the concept of Hysteria which is clearly bullshit and its “treatment” was probably invented just so they could do this.
I can confirm this whole heartedly.
as a doctor , what  said is trueyou really feel nothing, its just work. the average woman isnt even attractive and the majority of vaginas don't look like the ones you see in porn. after you've seen enough diseased ones its almost enough to turn you off of them for good
its “treatment” was probably invented just so they could do this.Well yeah. And you know why? Because money.
ask your mom
As a doctor have you ever treated androgynous boys? Or traps? I need to know.
An Armish dildo
HGST = Hitachi Gay Sex Toys
uh no, that stuff is still a bit socially unacceptable in my country
3d manipulator ball, you can use it with Maya
A salad mixer
Why would you need to know this, anon?
How the fuck do you get redpilled on a vibrator?Mmhmm, yes, that right there is a penis replacement tool, an object used by SJW Feminists to convert previously breedable women into Dykes like them. It's existence is proof that the arisch male is being conspired against, made obsolete, and forever cucked.
I think anon was implying he'd get a thread full of 100 webms/gifs of it in action.
Dildo
Taste the tip. My mom had one of those and I sure did.
Tonge and gums massage device. use vaseline for better results.
Since this is a massager thread, perfect time to ask. Is there anything out there that's the equivalent of this but for sale? Niagra MassagerI've owned two of these but both broke, and while I bought the second one cheap, after googling it they seem to be intended purely for medical purposes - And not "medical ;" but for elderly people with aches and pains. They also seem quite expensive and their site asks you request a fucking brochure if you're interested.I bought one something like OP's but it seriously just doesn't compare. It's also noisy as all fucking shit so I barely ever use it.
Electric omelet beater.
be about 10 at walmart looking for something for aunt's birthday with momthey have a display by the pharmacy in the middle of the isle with these thingsread "personal massager" has pictures of woman using it on her backremember aunt complains about sore back all the timepick up a box of one of these and say to mom "Hey how about this?"mom gives me funny look and says she doesn't think sok, whateverrealize what I did years laterWhy the hell did they put those thing in the middle of the isle like that?
So some time between 1900 and 1970 people forgot what a clitoris was.
It's a case of a dirty mind verses a clean mind. Or get your head out of the gutter. Your mom is a slut who craves sex.But seriously these things do have medical applications and that's what people are thinking of when they sell them or manufacture them, it's everyone else who's using it differently not wrong since you can call masturbating with it a medical purpose too
Blue yeti microphone.
look at catalogno /mbg/Disappointing! MacBook General Thread now. Post screenshots, tell us what your favourite software is, whatever floats your boat. iMacs are acceptable as well.Poorfags need not apply

Stop being a jew
/lgbt/
/lgbt/
Anything wrong with getting a fully upgraded Late 2013 rMBP?Need something that's relevant for 3-4 years perhaps.
Can I rice osx?
should be fineoh please, it's not that i don't have one, it's that i don't pretend to myself that having one doesn't make me just a little gaybut it's like pic related, everyone's a little gay that way
Can you output 4K@30Hz from the mDP port on a non-retina mid-2012 i7 MBP?I know you need DP1.2 a.k.a Thunderbolt 2 for 4K@60Hz, but my new 4K screen for my desktop is currently in shipping and I'm just wondering if I can use it for my MBP too or if I need an upgrade.According to wikipedia: in my MBP can do 8.64 Gbit/s and 4k@30Hz needs 6.18 Gbit/s. 60Hz is obviously not possible, but I'm not planning on playing any games on the bloody thing anyway.And calculating that bandwidth: 8.64 / 6.18 * 30Hz = 41.9 Hz. So could I do 4k@40Hz then?
My favorite software is VirtualBox because it lets me run a superior operating system.
idiot detected
no idea but i bet you can find out pretty damn quick once your new display gets there1. plug it in2. see if it works3. [spoiler]dragon dildos[/spoiler]
No. The gpu isnt powerful enough iirc
idiot detected detected
The non-retina MBP from 2012 is not listed to support 4k, not even at 30Hz: you'll probably have to bite the bullet and upgrade to a rMBP it's worth it anyway or run it at 2560*1440 which isn't bad at all either if the screen is = 27" and you're coming from Full HD for example.
I know, but I'm an impatient piece of shit.well shitbut I'll try it anyway.
does it just work? does it really just work?
The HD4000 should be able to push 4k.The problem is that it only has Thunderbolt 1 DisplayPort 1 or 1.1. iirc. You might be lucky to get 4k@30Hz it should be technically possible, but maybe Apple disabled it in their drivers.
MBA 13 here - max i7 / 8g / 512gCouldn't imagine using something else.  Used to be Thinkpad-fag but LInux broke my heart with all it's brokeness video, 802.11n, etc.  Switched in 2011 after using Linux full time desktop for ~ 10 years.If I want - this machine really does "disappear".  It gets out of my way and I actually just use it.  If I want though, I can dig in and drive it like Linux.
So my brother, for some strange reason, gave me Windows 8 for my birthday. Question Macbros, is 8gb enough to run OSX and Win 8 in Parallels/VMware smoothly or will it be lag city? Should I just use bootcamp?
What is a cheap used Macbook I can buy in $600 range? Just want to buy it for websurfing and some programming.pls no bully
depends on what you want to do on both of course.I often use OS X + Windows 8.1 in VMware Unity mode for Office 2013 on my 8GB MBP and it still runs butter smooth.If you decide to whip up some shit in 3DSMax or whatever I could imagine it could go to shit though.
If you don't mind a desktop, then pic related. It's a much better price/performance value and you'll get software support for longer.
I want a MacbookMac BookBookAKA PortableHoly shit macfags are retarded
Should I buy a macbook on ebay guys? Seems like I'd save a shit load of money.
8gb really isn't enough for 3dsmax even native afaik
a mac mini is portable

But its not a "macbook".Macbook by definition would be a portable computer that doesn't need any accessory to work.A mac is a desktop pc that need mice, keyboard, display, etc to work.
REKT
You cannot use the mac mini on a train, on the bus or in any place that doesn't have ac sockets. How "portable" is that?
magic trackpad bitch
I clearly said "IF you don't mind a desktop"...
u wut m8?
Only on /g/ would people be so unnecessarily pedantic about a totally unimportant point.
you've clearly never been to hacker news
 have amiga .mod files from  20 years ago install mikmod from brew live la vida loca
I want a Macbook Bro, the 15Inch 2.8ghz with 1tb. Should I get it now? Will they be releasing a new one any time soon that I should just wait for?
Favorite Mac app
The aluminium full usb keyboards are the same as macbook keyboards, right? excluding the stupid 0.5mm travel ones on the RMBP and the oneportbookI'm asking because that's the only Apple keyboard I actually tried typing on you can't really judge in stores because you can't sitI hated it by the way.
That's in pretty bad shape. Would a cleaner one not be available in this price?
Macbook Brojejbut srsly go for it, they aren't going to drop anything new at WWDCmine's pic relatedpretty much the same, yeahlaptop keyboards are for laptops, i use an RK9000 at home
whats the best bang for buck macbook pro nowadays?wanna drop 1.5k ish eurodollars on a used piece
anybody thinking about buying any Mac with WWDC so close and the next OS likely to be revealed should just hold the fuck offand there's USB-C to think about if you're going for future-proof
refurb 13" 2014 rMBP with as big an SSD as you can afford for the money you've gotnigger whatthey've already dropped the new hardware, WWDC will just be OS updatesand the only macbook where ports are a concern is the new MBA aka "2015 MacBook", the new MBP has all the same ports last year's did, calm your ignorant tits
looks like dirt mostly to me. Probably. Just look around ebay.
yes, an OS where we don't know what systems will be compatible with it. hence the "hold the fuck off".
sure, because your only two choices with a mac are updating to the latest released OS and having it melt down into a puddle of glowing slag right before your very eyes?shit nigger, i wait a year or two before i update just because i never trust any brand-new software release, it's not like shit just stops working if you don't bump to the latest the day it drops
in fairness, if they new OS X doesn't support some older models, then those older models would be a good bit cheaper the next day.
this seems suspect
Who needs Apple? At least it can run a superior operating system.
why?
webm related
In what universe is Malware, back doors, constant update pop ups, slow boot up, 0 optimization for older hardware and no file permissions system better. Get Linux faggot it'll help you play less call of duty so your mom won't be so disappointed in you
Everyone uses it so it must be good.
Implying you would ever wanna touch windows 8
Malware, back doors, constant update pop ups, slow boot up, 0 optimization for older hardware and no file permissionsMalware is only a problem if your dumb enough to run malicious exe's in my experience.None of the other things are a issue on Windows.

Not using parallelsdisgusting
not using vmware or parallelshow dem graphics faggot
Just fine. Why do you ask?
virtualbox's hardware acceleration support is shitty. I used virtualbox maybe 6 months ago, but found it shitty for anything that used directx or opengl. Switched to parallels. Everything works beautifully not.
Malwarecommon senseback doorsedgyconstant update popupswhat because this doesn't happen on a majority of linux desktop environments as well?slow boot updo you windows 8+0 optimization for older hardwarei dont know if you know what you're talking aboutno file permissionsCRIIINGE you have no idea what you're talking about. windows does have file permissions you fucking idiot
windows does have file permissions you fucking idiotUnfairness maybe he just hasn't used Windows in awhile. like... since windows 98.
It can get a bit slow at times 2009-era mbp but it's not enough to make me pay for vmware or parallels.
you spelt pirate wrong
Welcome to the botnet.
Hey fellow mac fags. I have a question.My macbook is quite old macbook 7,1 2010. 120gb SSD, 4gb RAM, and sometimes it tends to get warm when i watch youtube video or streams on twitch. How can i solve this problem? Should i try to change the termal paste, because i haven't changed it in years... Would downgrading to mavericks solve the problem? Should i add more ram for performance increase?
Where were you when sourceforge was kill?seized so far: GIMP, VLC, nmap, ...
GIMP, VLC, nmapAnd nothing of value was lost
Using repositories to install stuff.
in your mum
The Android API is the shittiest piece of code I have seen in a while. Examples:- Want to do something with a file from the sdcard? Guess what! To pick the file, you need to go through a "Content Provider", which, oh wait, only shows Google Drive and Downloads not the folder, but the application and Recent by default? Welcome botnet! Call a file manager app if you want to do the dirty work!- Get a handle to a preference in the preference fragment. You want to read/edit its value? Oh wait! For that you need a DIFFERENT object - the SharedPreferences object.I was not even going to write stuff for iOS and their shit unportable crap, but after this garbage, I have lost all faith in Android as well. I can only hope Linux on mobile becomes a thing some day and I'm not talking about Ubuntu's shit.
shut the fuck up nigger it's a fucking phone, not a pc
I hope linux on phones becomes a thing one dayyou're only one youtube tutorial away.as to say, its been done mate.
 To pick the file, you need to go through a "Content Provider", which, oh wait, only shows Google Drive and Downloads not the folder, but the application and Recent by default? Welcome botnet! Nope. What content providers show is dependent on the actual content provider. You want to read/edit its value? Oh wait! For that you need a DIFFERENT object - the SharedPreferences object.Are you always just calling the wrong thing?
Yeah. And these are the content providers listed.
To edit the description, you need a handle to the preference object. To edit the value, you need the SharedPreferences object.This is crappy encapsulation.
Yeah?W-well Apple and Windows can't play Anime!Hah
I know the feeling...In the other hand, WP yes WP development is a breeze....Microsoft might be shitty at everything, but the know how to make a good development stack
This is what happens when you get college graduates to develop system Apis. I really don't know what you expected OP.
I would expect Google to get their shit together with writing some APIs, given all this fancy talk of "deep learning" and "friend AI bots".
Open handle to a file I want to read/writeWrite it/Read itClose handle???Profit!How is that hard for you? Holy shit what you expected to be?
If you didn't install anything other document provider with suitable permissions, then I guess it's just those.But then that doesn't really seem strange or bad to me?! To edit the value, you need the SharedPreferences object.Uh, no? SharedPreferences are for shared preferences, they're separate from the specific preferences in Preferences.Conceptually, it's even a read-only thing too, and only editable through a controller class which -I think- ensures consistency on the updates you make.
Have you ever done this? Example or you're talking shit. This is not Linux you baffoon.
To pick the file, you need to go through a "Content Provider"which, oh wait, only shows Google Drive and DownloadsWrong.
The system should provide a default Content Provider, to pick files from accessible areas. The fact that it's not there is disturbing.Also, reading/writing preferences should not be this complicated. Design a plugin for chrome and it's a breeze to do with the same handle. Are we saying  Chrome is less secure?
var file:File = new File"/mnt/sdcard/new/new.apk";fileStream.openfile, FileMode.WRITE;fileStream.writeBytesfileData, 0, fileData.length;fileStream.close;Just a random example I pulled from internet.
I can do whatever the fuck I wantOn androidwith javalelulz
Hardcoded path? Where do you get this crap from? The whole idea is to let the user pick the file.
Not the same guy, but I have experience here. The method Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory will return a File object pointing towards the primary shared storage on the device that you can then use the same way you do in java. Will require the app to have atleast Read permission for external storage.Though if your device has multiple external storage devices such as having 16GB internal + a microSD card slot, then the method above only points towards the 16GB storage.
You can write on whatever usermode directory you can access. There is variables to determine where is the "Home" directory, documents, etcApplication/data/data/Application-storage/data/data/air.applicationID/filename/Local StoreCache/data/data/applicationID/cacheDesktop/mnt/sdcardDocuments/mnt/sdcardTemporary/data/data/applicationID/cache/FlashTmp.randomStringUser/mnt/sdcardOr you can hardcode the path.
I want the user to give me some data in a text file. This makes assuming the file name, or restricting the user to make a file with a specific name, quite annoying.
Still not conducive to the user of the app being able to pick the file they want to supply.
Can you put instructions like "Put your TXT files on /mnt/sdcard/MyAppName/random.txt" then you could just scan that directory for all TXT files and present a list for the user to choose from or if there is a specific formating you choose the right file.Or, scan the whole /mnt/sdcard but this would be a problem.
Honestly Android support for developers is pretty bad.Their documentation seemed to get a bit better with the latest Android M announcement though.
The system should provide a default Content Provider, to pick files from accessible areas. Your app only has access to its own folders plus the media store getExternalMediaDirs and external files directory getExternalFilesDir, unless you get more permissions, no?Request root on a rooted phone, if you want direct filesystem access.
How do you mean?
OP, forgot to ask, why do you users would need to pick a file to feed to the app?Most android system dont even come with a default file browser or text editor, this sound pretty counter-intuitive.What is your primary goal or where is this txt you need made/generated?
ITT: idiots who know nothing about android development
 cont'dActually, I forgot the shared preferences, sqlite and network data. Those also should be there by default.Either way, I'm pretty sure that for filesystem-level access, you need root or a content provider that has the right permissions itself.That's just the sorta "sandboxed" environment of the apps. It's only broken when you have root or a specifically authorized content provider. [Having either of these by default available to all apps on Android would obviously break the sandboxing.]
That's the whole point. The system should provide a default picker. In this case, the app has some preference that is user set. To jump through hoops or ask them to use a specific name in a specific locations sounds like pretty bad UX to me.
I have access to the external sdcard in code, but not through the default picker - that's where it stinks.
Seems like bad UX to impose a specific restriction on users.In anything like Gtk, one can open a selector to pick a file. Why can't Android have a similar thing built in?
But, that problem would be with the app developer design, not android.You can scan files, pick them manually, whatever you want and you are willingly to code.Make your own picker, scan files, present the ones you need to the user, etc.
Design my own picker for a common use case when I should instead focus on my app's logic? Puh-leeeease no.
Know I fully understand your problem, read belowIt has, but its more complicated than that.When you tell android you want the user to pick a file, you ask the system "Hey, let the user give me a JPG file", then, Android check wich apps can open and manage JPG files and it then use that app to provide you with said file.If you Ask android to let the user give you a TXT file but no App can browse or edit them, then you wont be able to ask for said file because no app can "see" them.Giving an User a prope File Browser so you can choose any file isn't user friendly and thus it isn't implemented as such.
I have access to the external sdcard in codeYou mean by a third party software like a file browser that you installed with the permission to read/write/access basically the entire filesystem?Or some other way?
I do Android and iOS development and actually got my employer to hire other people to do Android, because developing for it makes me want to change profession. iOS development is 1000x times more enjoyable, and iOS's API design is vastly better than AndroidAndroid users wonder why their software sucks compared to iOS, or gets released later, it's pretty obvious if you've ever done any development
Having an user browse the file system isn't a common use case on Android.Client applications generally present the relevant data in folders they have access to in their special fashion, and access to such an app's own data to other apps is provided  through a document provider that sees to it that nothing goes wrong.Basically, your app probably should look for the .txt files of the right format in the folders and relevant document providers it has access to, then present the choice as a list or something. For which you already have UI tools.
Sigh. Having the user browse to a file is a pretty common case on the desktop. Don't know why mobile has to provide any less transparency.
getExternalMediaDirs
Why should the picker have to go through an app to check the file in the first place? I know my app can handle such a file, so ideally, I set the right mime type and look for such a file. Why should there be a mediator content provider for access to "public" system resources such as a folder on the external sdcard?
Its that, if you want to do that, you need to make your own picker in the first place, the default one you can call dont support that much file types.
It's not "less transparency", it's easier administration and better security for people who profoundly have no clue what they're doing, through sandboxing of the individual apps and their folders.For example, random apps  won't change the search engine in chrome or firefox, install an adware plugin, and steal the passwords now.And applications will now generally stick their settings where you know they belong to the app and where they can be backed up.And stuff like that. It's the better way for most users.
There isn't a default one without a content provider, and if there were to be one, it should support any supported mime types. Anything less is a piece of shit.
I am pretty sure you can invoke the default file picker on that...
Relax man, its all in favor of being more user friendly, and, at this point, there should be plenty of plugins or free code you can pick for your project out there.
Valid points, but you're talking about other app settings. Something like the external SD card is fair game. If an app randomly changes files on the external SD card, then it is malicious and should be banned. It is no different from a desktop app screwing over random files in the user's home Dir.
I do not want to fundamentally trust another app aside from the system API itself - this is important from the point of security.
What is this unicorn of a default file picker that you're talking about?
 Something like the external SD card is fair game.Nope. Only the shared folders on it are.Because Android can also put application data and stuff on the SD card. If an app randomly changes files on the external SD card, then it is malicious and should be banned.You can regard the requirement for having proper permissions or access to a document provider that does as almost a "ban" on every app that randomly accesses or changes files in non-standard locations, yes.
Im not saying you should use another app, Im saying that you implement an already done picker that is free as in freedom, like, games implementing box2d for their engines doing only design and art work.That way you can see the code and change it to your needs.
The one you get from Intent.createChooser. The intent itself will allow specifying a MIME type.
We Stackoverflow now.
Full solution
SD is proprietary faggot. It's because of licensing stuff it is the way it is.
Got to agree with OP on that one.Android's API is OO API done wrong in any way possible. Java is partly to blame.Had they made a language for dalvik bytecode that resembles C but kept track of the arrays they would have went somewhere developer wise.I know that you fags will bich about what I'm going to say but the objectively best API to work on is Windows API.
That chooser will choose from the default content providers, which is what I'm doing anyway. That's where the problem lies.
Great. That's what I'm already doing after looking at the crappy Android documentation, and that brings us to the content providers. If you'll notice, for Clover, this provider is the gallery. Maybe that's the problem - random text files in Android do not have a "gallery" for them, such as a Documents application.
the type sets what you can open. Clover can open all types. You'll see the "Open from" pane from a downloads like screen where you can choose between Images, Videos, Audio and Downloads, and some invididual apps.Using content providers was a good choice, because now you can open an image in Clover from your Google Drive without you having to download the file first, for example. Drive has a content provider that streams the file. That's also why you have to use a ParcelFileDescriptor and create an inputstream yourself to some temporarily file because the content might not be a local file at all, just an input stream.
The question is not what you can pick - the question is why I can't pick from a shared folder on the sdcard by default - there is no content provider for the system itself, such as a Documents one which I could add, without succumbing to looking into Botnet Drive and such.
Winder why 
Want to do something with a file from the sdcard? Guess what! To pick the file, you need to go through a "Content Provider"A "file picker" isn't part of the standard Android design elements. Most apps have their own file list, usually made by first searching through the SD/external storage for the types of files they can handle. They also let the user use them as handlers, so that users can use a file manager app or open Downloads and have it open your app when they select that type of file.
Did anyone remember seeing that app. Called ion cannon that came out awhile ago that spammed messages to phones... Does anyone know any apps or anything that I can use on my computer or prefer android phone that I can fuck with my friends lol. Thanks!
fuck off back to /b//f//u//c//k//o//f//f//b//a//c//k//t//o//b/
kill yourself
daily reminder that people who use ganoo will never have a cute os-tan to call their own. 
It moves when I touch it!

lewd
There are no Linux distros that support any form of multi-touch, the software that was available is now so massively obsolete that it wont work at all.Ubuntu has a single point touch feature built in, that actually runs analytics on your use of it.
Nanami wasn't a bad person or anything, I was just never able to love her after I lost XP-tan...
implying you can't use win 7 ! and ! Linux.
Who gives a fuck you virgin
multi-touch/g/ - consumerism.what the hell is that ? Sounds like two faggots touch each other.
Who is that character anywayI have a bunch of r34 of her and I don't even know her name
She's the goddess of waifu.
hestia from anime with name so long that i doubt anyone remembers itsomething that translates like "it's a bad idea to date chicks in dungeons" if i remember correctlyjust google r34 hestia and there you are
DanMachi
whoa rude
/thread
why was hestia google theme removed from top on userstyles.org
Noel looks much better in that sluts outfit.
sword art online: fat fucking titties edition
Why does she have USB drives in her hair?
public access points
ayy lmao


Why is this MC such a fucking faggot.Wasn't he supposed to be getting all the girls already? That was the whole purpose of the show.
Does wangblows 10 still have a waifu mascot, or did they scrap that when IE became Edge
It does, she's kinda ugly compared to her sisters though

They should have just made Inori the mascot for the entirety of windows
No clue anon, but here's another place to get it though different in a way, but still the same theme.  dot ws/style/118936Error: Our system thinks your post is spam. Please reformat and try again.Oh fuck off.
Well I could easily make one.
She's not ugly, she actually looks a lot better and more "mature". However, I will agree she is more generic than all of her sisters.The "10" hair braids are a cute feature though.
Is this an os-tan thread?
no dildos
Oh well fuck, found the Github for it. 
Aw fuck, forgot to post this with it.
using the botnet
Windows 10-tan USA Edition
She's too slender.
lewd
I didn't know you wanted it that badly.
Is Microsoft ran by pedophiles?
I want to cum inside Hestia.
Why not outside?
lewd
fucking pigeons
please search for the definition of pedophilia.
Gentoo-tan candidate #5

Is it wrong that I consider her a valid reason for getting win10? She's cute and the OS actually looks pretty good. I have to buy a new laptop anyway, might as well get windows 8.1 bundled with it and then get the free upgrade to 10.
Gentoo/Funtoo isn't bloated.
She's been replaced, Windows releases new qts every OS.Someone posted 10-tan somewhere. There she is. Not as cute, but still a pretty big qt.
but most of its users are
No it is not. It is run by businessmen and they're doing their job.
fuck.
Why windows, why do you make me feel this way. Windows is truly the cutest OS.
those are further down
This is false.
iframe width="560" height="315" src="frameborder="0" allowfullscreen/iframe
they know how to market
Thank you demo bro
mfw no shiny teeth despite brushing
hestia from anime with name so long that i doubt anyone remembers iteverytime I search for it, i just google for dungeon anime and it pops up the nyaa link for the latest epit's cool, it's been a while since I've followed an anime episode by episode

lelbut dungeon is greatthe main guy went from pussy to awesome in 8 episodesit has cute waifus but isnt stupid or overbearing about itthe first waifu and waifu in question does not give a shit and says she loves the guy all the timeanother one is funnyit's entertaining and I can't really ask for more from it, maybe beter music beause i only like the outro
Even Amiga has an OS-tan
That's not Amiga-tan.
Furfag girllmao, freetards btfo
tfw no x86 Amiga-like OS that isn't run by furries

not from penguin drumTerrible mascot choice
Linux isn't a bad OS.I have it on my other desktop and chinkpad, Ubuntu 15.04 on both and it runs really well.That said, on my main PC, I have Windows 8.1 and will continue to use Windows until a better alternative pops up. I think most people would love to have a free OS, but why should I stop playing muh games because Linux and Apple can't get their collective shit together. INB4 Microsoft bullies manufacturers. Ganoo is nice, but Windows has qt animu grils and games. That's going to catch the attention of your average PC user.
underrated post
demo d my nigga.
i want to hug sabrina's butt.
What is Android?
Sadly, this is true. I think Windows is shit, but I have to use it because of gaymen.Wine is getting pretty good, though, and game devs are taking an interest in Linux systems. I can't play all games on Linux, but I can play enough that I only have to boot up Windows every few days.
Windows isn't bad for what it is, it's marketed towards casual PC users who just want something that werks. You pay for convenience with Windows.Ubuntu isn't bad, hopefully I can play CSGO and Dota when the Vulkan drivers come out. Until then, I'll always have a copy of Windows.
this shit is still updatingand is still being done on a fucking amiga
plan 9-tan when
casual PC usersIt's used in corporate offices, government facilities, servers, and universities.
I'm talking mostly about personal use.That said, you have to assume most places run it based on ease of use. If Macs weren't so expensive, I have to assume that they'd be used over Windows. Most computers come with Windows already installed, it's easy to use, it's versatile. So of course it's going to be used.

I have a bunch of r34 of her and I don't even know her namewtf how is this even possible? are you illiterate?
damn that bitch is kawaii
Watch Yamada-kun
Ewww ewwww she's so fat in that picture, this must be the American version of Hestia
No, this is! hehehe
Jesus christ that's disgusting, I don't even think Americans are that fat...
Ever seen My 600 lb. Life?
Those people are so exceptional that it's actually worth someone's time to do a documentary on those freaks.
lost
Keep. Reminding. Them.For several months.Go right ahead.[looks around self]I can draw but don't have a scanner right now. So.. KEEP. FUCKING. REMINDING. THEM.
Every day. Go on, OP, remind them every day..I want the satisfaction of just wrecking things for you some random day.
there is already a linux-tansomeone can post it and ruin the day for OPbut nobody cares enough toI think I went a bit crazy while trying to draw OS-tans of the old unixes when I was a teenager.
There's so many of them. Just like how there's so many Linux distros. It's maddening. Nobody can draw OS-tans of them all. LOL.
OP STFUand is probably just cowering under his deskbeing scared of the screenYeah, I thought so.
hestia a cute
cant wait for her nendoroid
she should be linux-tan
Is it Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?
, 
Hello /r/, this might be an unusual request, seeing what's usually requested here, but I need a keyboard macro.I've got to edit about 2000 files in the exact same way in Irvanview, where the keystrokes are;Control+RTab250EnterShift+VEnterAfter that, I'd save it manually to its position and begin with the new one. Can anyone help?
GOOGLEOOGLE
It's called "programming"
wrong board OP this is /g//r/you're welcome.
autohotkey, use the autoscriptwriter and just bind it to a key stroke, or write a loop but i prefer holding down a key and babbysitting it so it won't turn into a trainwreck if something goes wrong with the loop
I've tried, and I'm too stupid to make it work
open autoscriptwriter, click record, do your stuff, click stop, copy and paste the code into notepadremove useless things like winwait and mouseclick, add F12:: at the top to bind it to the F12 key, save text file as a .ahk filerun the .ahk file
I got this, WinWait, 01.jpg - IrfanView Zoom: 694 x 982, IfWinNotActive, 01.jpg - IrfanView Zoom: 694 x 982, , WinActivate, 01.jpg - IrfanView Zoom: 694 x 982, WinWaitActive, 01.jpg - IrfanView Zoom: 694 x 982, Send, {CTRLDOWN}r{CTRLUP}WinWait, Resize/Resample image, Set &new size as perIfWinNotActive, Resize/Resample image, Set &new size as per, WinActivate, Resize/Resample image, Set &new size as perWinWaitActive, Resize/Resample image, Set &new size as perSend, {TAB}250{ENTER}WinWait, 01.jpg - IrfanView, IfWinNotActive, 01.jpg - IrfanView, , WinActivate, 01.jpg - IrfanView, WinWaitActive, 01.jpg - IrfanView, Send, {SHIFTDOWN}v{SHIFTUP}{ENTER}sWon't work for me, however. Tried removing all the winwait lines too
F12::Send, {CTRLDOWN}r{CTRLUP}{TAB}250{ENTER}{SHIFTDOWN}v{SHIFTUP}{ENTER}save as nigger.ahk, right click on the icon and click "run script". then it should do the keystrokes every time you press F12. i'm not well-versed in autohotkey but i think this should work.
Thanks man, it works. With this, I'm sure to be done much faster
what is /g/ using for data encryption and DFS software?
BitLocker on my Mac.FileVault on my PC running Linux.dm-crypt/LUKS on my other PC running Windows.
dm-crypt/LUKSlooking into this
Just out of curiosity ... what are you hiding?
nice try fbi
data
Think you got filevault and dm-crypt mixed up when typing them.
i second this
Truecrypt. Proven to be very secure in all cases, except the most extreme oneI don't like it's derivatives, because those ofcourse have been tinkering with TC's code, potentially bringing in new bugs.
that's what I'm currently using. Truecrypt in addition to freespace wipes and hidden volumes seems to be the advice from most tech blogs
Why isn't there a secure messaging solution that:1 is open source2 is actually properly encrypted by default for all users.3 supports all features that people want like read receipts, file sending, VOIP, group chat, privacy settings, etc.4 works on the major mobile platforms with dedicated clients for each one.5 is robust enough to become a true global messaging standard like Email.Telegram came so close, /g/.Will anything else ever become our true messaging platform to end all messaging platforms?
Nobody cares about your furry roleplay chats.  Just use skype.
Why dont you do it OP?
The true messaging platform is the one your friends use. By the way, iMessage fits 3 and half of your requirements.
Peer-to-peer secure and private instant messaging is a very difficult problem to solve.
Will anything else ever become our true messaging platform to end all messaging platforms?Look, okay.  I'm going to drop some reality on you.  Everyone already uses Skype, SMS/imessage, Whatsapp, and Facebook messenger.  The people that don't either have nobody to talk to, or are autists obsessed with privacy and encryption.Nobody cares about this telegram/tox shit.
iMessage is actually great. If it were open source and not tied to Apple, it would be perfect.
This is /g/ you are talking on. Please get out, shill.
If Telegram fixes their end to end crypto with some proper implementation using certificates it would be our best bet.Ive worked with their protocol. They currently do end to end on application layer on top of their other protocol anyways, so they could basically just create a new set of API calls that can upgrade chats with compatible clients while others remain unencrypted till upgrade.I just honestly doubt they will do it.
I would say Textsecure but that is unreliable.
Which one of those is it lacking? 5?
2, 3 and 5. Still no VOIP.
Five is subjective. Telegram is "robust"; not sure what standard you're asserting.The devs have created VOIP, they just have not implemented it yet. Who knows if/when that will happen.Using encrypted chat "by default" is a matter of the client, not the protocol.
Textsecure/Redphone for android and Signal for iOS
this, there's a desktop client on the way, as well.
It would just be so simple to create that no-one's bothered yet.
Surespot
What about BitMessage?It doesnt fit 3 voip and file sending at least are missing and 4 afaikBut I personally could see it replacing E-mail. Well not really in practice, since most people will just stay with what they know and are comfy with, which is E-Mail, but I can see it's potential.
require phone numberno thanks
no free phone number yeah poorfag
why the fuck a phone number should be required?why can't you use email like every other service?
Because they store a list of "textsecure enabled" phone numbers. Then, when your buddy installs text secure later and tries to SMS you, the server notices that you're in the list, and his messages are automatically encrypted to you.
i believe i/we can actually create a good messenger.i've written up a nice design doc for an encrypted messenger, i can do all the server/web stuff, just cant do anything android related.anyone here know how to use RSA/AES on android and want to team up? i've already built an awesome json API.
sorry to burst your bubble mate, but I've already got = 50 phone contacts that use Telegram I live in Germany.
git gudGerms actually believe this shit
Its a better messenger than WA , facebook vor Skype doesnt even need proper encryption for that. End to end chats should be fine they support PFS now and at least they use secure basics like AES to implement their protocol. Its shitty that its not used by default though, but its still the best option right now due to Plattform support.
With my closest bros we have a identical telegram group to our main whatsapp one and we always switch to telegram when someone talks something secret or shady ie nothing really.It serves no purpose and it's just running joke. We got telegram and ditched it because nobody uses it.
this thread
And doesn't force pictures to be 800x800 for no reason other than "well some people still have edge/GPRS devices" and also won't even put in a button to choose compressed or full size.FOR NO REASON.
What is the problem with a well done XMPP client? The protocol supports all that, no?
the well done part.for example i don't know of a mobile xmpp client who can do video chat. and xmpp on ios is just a wasteland.im glad that i dont need video chat and that im on android; conversations is breddy good
pretty much this. I use xmpp with close relatives using chat secure or conversations on mobile. voice messages/text or images.  has been working fine for a while
I agree that's hard to find a well featured XMPP client.But the good part of XMPP is that if fills well that intermediaty step between completely centralized and completely p2p, which I think is a more realistic solution nowadays.
there is a jitsu client for android that can video and voice.  but it looks like they gave up on project a while back and it's buggy as hell
What does /g/ think about Wiko Getaway?
THIS IS THE CANCER THAT IS KILLING /g/ THIS IS THE CANCER THAT IS KILLING /g/ THIS IS THE CANCER THAT IS KILLING /g/ THIS IS THE CANCER THAT IS KILLING /g/
I think you should stop importing chink phones and use a normal phone like a normal person.
Hey /g/, I've just installed an SSD in my computer. When reinstalling the OS both my SSD and HDD were options to install my OS too. After the install the HDD is no longer visible. I double checked all the wiring and it's all fine. What do?
install gentoo
It got fried, sorry anon
Type diskmgmt.msc into Start and tell us what you see Anon.
Assign letter to had in disk management
Look in BIOS -HDD there / OS issue -mount drive
OP here. Nevermind, I figured it out.
If the other hd not pictured is white, make sure you have the slave/master switches set properly.
It's not appearing in disk management. Computer won't pick it up.
slave/master switchesThose still exist?
It's displaying my SSD and optical drive
You took the bait
Maybe your HDD died in the process.
Open diskpart in cmd and type "list disk"
install gentoo
At least don't be a cuck and not tell us how stupid the fix was so we can point and laugh.
not op. im still trying to fix it...
partition the drive
Maybe the hdd still has the previous windows in it and wont be recognised, try switching the boot order
Vertex 2 or namely older ssd's with sandforce controllers are not compatible with my motherboard
, 
do idiots still think that Tor is anonymous?
TOR is anonymous
I sure hope not.
no, it's not.
i like these fud threads. they keep the idiots away from tor.
hey fuckface, Tor DEPENDS on people to work well. the more people there are using Tor, the harder it is to trace them. why would you give a shit about who's using Tor and how smart they are, dumbass?
created by US militaryanonymous
hey buddy, i'm not talking about node operators. why dont you think for a minute before you open your fucking mouth
any yearrunning exit nodesbelieving tor is safethinking alphabet gov'ment agencies don't own or camp exit nodes2015on /g/being this fucking retarded
then who are you talking about? in what possible scenario would you care about how smart someone who's using Tor is?
then whats /g/'s best alternative
he doesn't realize FBI/NSA runs mule tor nodes
the users you fucking moron. do you really want an influx of retards coming to tor out of nowhere? shit would be rife with problems and it would be bad for tor's image in the long run.
pls respond
First one to call the other *IDF loses.

why would Tor be rife with problems as a result of new users, you fucking idiot?
he's probably talking about correlation attacks
i2p
As long as you don't download anything who cares? I mean unless you care about being on some shitty watchlist.
Oh yeah, he always walks around with that funny mask.
You should ask the creator of silk road
 Thinks US military doesnt want an anonymous system for their undercover agents
yes idiots think it is anonymous
Daily anti-tor threads. Interesting.
2015not using i2p
Let's make this thread something good. Anyone that claim tor is anonymous, explain why. Those who say it's not, explain why.
No, idiots think it's been compromised. They base this on the lack of evidence of any compromising, and the overwhelming ream of evidence that it's not. Yeah, the government does camp exit nodes.Luckily for tor, this doesn't compromise anonymity. Unless you put unencrypted plaintext through it saying "Hello my name is John Retard and I live at stupidville".
Don't know don't care I just rig polls with it
Anyone that claim tor is anonymous, explain why.Read the tor documentation, that explains most of it.Then read the source code and compile it yourself so you know that it's doing what it says it's doing.Then read the NSA leaks that say that they hate tor and their strategy is to make tor unusable by making bad nodes that gum up the traffic and spread  rumours about how it doesn't work.Most of the confusion comes from a misunderstanding of what tor does. It's not a magical shield. You're as vulnerable to attacks as you are without tor. Like a pipe that leads to somewhere underground- you shout down it and you get shouts back. If you trick the guy you're talking to into revealing where he is, you've made it so the pipe no longer hides the guy you're talking to.Tor does what it says on the tin. But someone can, over tor, get your browser to run javascript code that sends your real IP to them. In that sense, does that break tor? You can claim that it does. I say that it's a fault in the browser's security. Or Javascript. Or the user if they log onto facebook through tor while buying drugs and wonder how drug buying got linked to their real name.
Go away NSA shill. Stop being mad about the freedom act.
and spread rumours about how it doesn't work....like OP...is doing...right now
Hey pal I'm not your buddy
I2p
When I go on one of those websites who say your IP I'll get a false one so it's good enough for me. Saying they're tracking you either way so you might as well use tor just to fuck with facebook and all that shit.
muh supa sekrit club
You should check nsa-observer.net
 Thinks that they still use Tor for that Thinks anyone not involved with the military even knows what they are currently using
 do idiots still think that Tor is anonymous?Of course idiots do. That's why they are _idiots_You could also call them low hanging fruit and easy targets.
So, what do you motherfucker suggest to use instead of tor?
I don't personally use anything for anonymity. I'm just not idiotic enough to believe that Tor still is anonymous. If you want true anonymity on the Internet you need to do your own homework.
If some Asian or Europoor government wants your ass,  you may be anonymous with TOR as long as you the NSA don't decide to give you away.
The NSA isn't some magical fucking wizard agency. You've been sucking down every word of that CIA limited hangout fag, snowden.
I thought he got caught because he left a bunch of shit on his Box account and they got into it
Tor is perfectly anonymousIt's just that the users are often idiots
Sick chemtrail
It's anonymous, that's why you keep seeing low subhuman pedos using it and not getting caught
no, idiots think it's not
Do idiots still think that anonymous is legion?
I just use tor for shitposting on obscure chinese cartoon image boards so I don't care.
There are thousands of people in iran that would have their legs broken before being executed that rely on tor working.
A volunteer ran TOR network is non-anonymous, but the Tor network is anonymous.
I occasionally also browse using IceCat via Tor. I think that is enough to prevent my browsing from being connected with me, since I don't identify myself to the sites I visit.Stallman says it should be. As long as you don't identify yourself you should remain anonymous.
as long as you don't identify yourselfAren't your browsing habits kinda like a finger print?everyday this random IP clicks a certain newssite, goes over to 4chan and shitposts, then watches porn for 5 minutes and then clicks through bible article on wikipediawho might it be
yes, you're anonymous. if you're not careful and let sensitive identifying info go over the surface web in plain text no you're no longer anonymous.
I don't think that Tor always uses the same routes to every website.
that's why you get a new identity every time you switch websites. the latest tor lets you view the entire circuit from your browser, through every tor node complete with IP till it reached the internet.
Alright, I think I'm ready to build my first PC. But I'll admit right now that I don't know shit, hence why I'm asking you guys. I have a budget of no more than $750. My goal is for it to, at least, be able to run Skyrim at Ultra with mods, and be able to handle Dying Light and GTA V. I've got nothing but a laptop right now, so anything is a step up. This is what I've come up with thus far:
At this price point it's best to go with AMD for you processor. You get more bang for your buck. Parts all fit together in that list so that's a good start dude!
If AMD is out of the question let us no now so we don't have to waste our time. No if this or that. Just fucking pick Intel or AMD right now.
Even with AMD this is kind of a hard budget to hit because OP wants a monitor.Anyway though:-Get a better case and power supply, that case will be painful to build in and the power supply might wreck your expensive parts. Coolermaster N200 would be a better choice of case, for power supply maybe an eVGA 500B would work.
Just get a console faggot, use your TV and keep the money saved for the start of a new PC that is worth half a fuck instead of blowing all this money on something that sucks at everything.
gtx 960Obviously you arent trying to run games at uber settings, so take a look at AMD A10-7850k cpu. It would suffice as it can run BF4 on medium setting easily. JayzTwoCents did a benchmark test on it.
Forgot to mention in built gpu. Kaveri isnt that bad.
Alright, updated build:have no idea what the difference between AMD and Intel is. I've been getting mixed reviews.
at the completed builds costing under $650 total leaving $100 and choose the parts to your liking and see what the builder commented on it's results.
Do you care about upgrading it in the future?If not, you could just get one of the Alienware Alpha SFF PCs that are currently on clearance everywhere for about $400.
Never buy Alienware. OP, dont listen to this guy
So I've heard.  I've been told pre-made computers are terrible in general as far as "bang for your buck".
Only recommending because it's a good price for the parts core i3, geforce 860m.
Alienware takes that one step further. I think your updated Pcpartpicker is pretty solid. Go for it. You wont regret it at that price point. But since you have a bit extra, change the PSU for maybe 700-750 for extra headroom for the future. And dont cheap out. Buying a cheap PSU is the shittiest thing you can do
860m Mobile part on a desktopfucking "gaming desktop" too10/10 alienware gets me everytime
Update 2:video card, different PSU.
I would recommend you to buy the monitor second hand,  you could easily get it for $40 and use the money to buy ssd.  It really makes a difference
Get a quad core, seriously
True
Ordered all of the parts for my first pc today actuallyWhat do you all think Intel Core i3-4150 3.5GHz Dual-Core ProcessorTeam Elite Plus 8GB 1 x 8GB DDR3-1600 MemorySapphire Radeon R9 280X 3GB Video CardNZXT Source 210 Elite Black ATX Mid Tower CaseCorsair Builder 500W 80+ Bronze Certified ATX Power SupplyHitachi Deskstar 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard DriveASRock H97M Anniversary Micro ATX LGA1150 -Motherboard
Looks similar to what I will be getting
I'm going to jump on this so I don't clutter up the board with a separate thread.First buildKnow nothing about computersThis is what I'm going with after research and a fair number of revisions:I buy all this and put it together, is there anything I've fucked up on?Any advice is greatly appreciated.
but muh i3 is fasterbtwshitrock board because m.2
Great selections, actually. An i3 will usually outperform AMD chips for gaming overall, and destroy them in emulation. I'm using the same one you chose right now, and it flies along. The 960 is a great card, too.One severe problem, though: PSUs included with cases are, without exception, utter shite to the point of being borderline dangerous. Choose a case without a PSU and get a separate one.Also, 21.5" is kind of on the small side. Maybe see if you can get a 23" at least.It IS faster, though, with some niche exceptions like rendering.
Looks perfect to me, good job. I can't comment on the keyboard, mouse, or headset though.
No point asking when you've already ordered, the answer can only disappoint you.But fine, you asked for it:* CPU is fine but you should have gone for the 4160, it's a few percent faster and usually the same price.* You should've got 2x4GB RAM rather than 1x8. It runs faster in dual channel, plus if one fails, you could keep using the working one.* The video card is probably okay, but I would always got for an Nvidia one myself. AMD's drivers are getting worse and worse.* No comment on case.* PSU looks fine.* Hitachi hard drive... well, it doesn't ring immediate alarm bells, but I would usually go for a WD or Samsung.* Mobo is good but overkill for an i3 unless you plan to upgrade the CPU.
I personally wouldn't buy AM3+ new in 2015 because it is outdated. I use a 8350 now but's because I was I got a am3+ motherboard in 2012.
I plan on upgrading whenever zen and shit comes anyways, I just needed a desktop to last until then without spending a lot
I'm not really disappointed. I asked for comments and I got them. This gives me upgrade ideas for down the road anyway
Also I forgot to update as I switched the video card to an NVIDYA actually. That was copied from the unchanged version. But out of curiosity. What's the difference
Thanks, man. This was with a lot of help, and I'm probaly going to get it all tomorrow. People, particularly those here on /g/, have been really helpful and have given me a lot of good advice.
Babbys first build thread?looking to build an overkill box and this seems correct. Thoughts?
You have to copy the link in the box labelled 'Permalink' mate.
I don't have a reaction image suitable for my idiocy!
I did the exact same thing when I first linked to that site
I've heard stories of the 840 SSD being unreliable. No personal experience of it myself. Consider an 850 instead.
Any immediate problems with this build?trying to build something that can run current gen games as well as emulation. However, it'd be nice to reduce costs wherever possible and perhaps get a new monitor. Any tips?
Done. Anything else?
You've selected a K overclockable CPU, but you haven't added a third party cooler. You won't get much of an overclock out of the stock one.Also, you might want a 9-series motherboard Z97 for compatibility with Broadwell in future.Unfortunately, both of these suggestions will increase your price, when you wanted savings. You could definitely choose lower end parts and still have a great computer, but not without compromising current games, emulation, or both.
Thanks for the advice. I intended on buying a cooler somewhere down the road. I figure I'll only be playing things at 1080p, if that makes a difference.
Resolution only matters when deciding on a graphics card, not CPU/Mobo.
So perhaps I could scale back the graphics card and while leaving room for a future upgrade? I'm mostly looking to build this PC for MGSV.
Don't listen to people when they say it's as easy as legos. I personally was never middle-class so my family couldn't afford the good legos with complex instructions, I did play with the shitty cheap legos though before. You can seriously fuck things up and ruin your parts if you don't pay very close attention.
I'm also planning on building a new computer and I've decided to get an SSD. I already have a computer a buddy helped me build back in 2012 and plan on using the hard drive from that. Will I be able to boot up the OS and everything from that and use the SSD has my main
Then why would you sacrifice the GPU?
You will probably need to do a fresh OS install since you're changing all of your hardware. I'm not an expert though.
Hey guys, does the cooler matter too much? As long as I'm not using stock I shoudl be good right?
READ THE STICKYOP, do you know how many threads we have on building a computer every day? There are dozens. And every time it's the same thing, "/g/, new to computer, do everything for me and I buy" or the classic "I want to play videogames so build me a computer". Well OP, as a seasoned /g/-browser, I'd like to tell you to go fuck yourself. Have you ever heard of Logical Increments? Well then go google it, you lazy worthless sack of shit. And as I sit here eating my Subway Tuscan Chicken Melt Sub I come to wonder, why is there such a constant influx of idiot aspies? One can only wonder, but I'll assume you are either from /v/ or /b/. I would also like to take a minute to tell you to go back to your cesspool of shit and to kindly not come back to /g/ unless you have something worthwhile to contribute. I'm not trying to be offensive to you, it's just that I hate lazy sperglords like you. You do know that the internet is a very large resource with a wealth of information right? Well did it ever come across your mind that somehow, _somewhere_, there might be a place that is actually dedicated to helping people with their first build, that isn't /g/? Of course it wouldn't, because you're a thoughtless shitstain. Your specs are shit, your build is shit, and you're shit. But what else is to be expected of a cock-mongling niglet of such status as yourself? As I stated before, go back to whatever cesspool of shit you came from, and please, never return here again.
A stock cooler that came with the CPU will suffice, unless you are planning to overclock the CPU to any significant extent. Since you're asking this question it's best if you don't think about overclocking.
The last time I had a non-prebuilt computer was like 9 years ago. I remember barely anything, but I did overclock back then
Because a 970 might be a little overkill for MGSV. I don't know, just spitballing here.
Can someone make a build for me that won't be too difficult to put together? I'm decent with tech but when it comes to hardware I'm scared to fuck something up. Most I want to do is light gaming CS, maybe Day Z possibly some InDesign and Photoshop work in the future.
build videos
does this one look?
3.5 meme card
Wifi adapterUnless you have no choice, go with wired. Besides that why a 2.5 for your data drive?
Those probably will be changedThe wifi is for scenarios in which I won't be able to be wired.What's wrong with the card?
BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT BUTTHURT WALL OF TEXT
2015.5LAN parties
You're better off buying a USB wireless adapter for those scenarios when/if they arise. There's nothing wrong with a 970 if you're planning on only playing at 1080p. Though the 290x is probably a better option.
as opposed to the browser threadsas opposed to the OS threadsas opposed to the Linux distro threadsas opposed to the Android threadsas opposed to the iOS threadsas opposed to the DPT, Stupid Questions and Questions That Don't Deserveshill/antishill threads with Jewish blood libelI really hope that's some obscure copypasta...otherwise you're going to have a rough go of it around here.
GTA 5 on a dual core?GTX 960?WTF are you doing OPGet a higher tier CPU and get a R9 280X = same priceor R9 290 instead
implying it's lan partiesIt's more just the fact that my roommate has a bunch of his stuff plugged in, and I only use it when I need the high bandwidthThat's fair. This computer is mostly for coding and some random games. I don't actually play video games that much.
This is what I would do OPcould probably squeeze out a R9 290 and still stick to ur budget
Update 3:is a bit over my budget. I don't know if I'm comfortable with that, but if the quad core really is worth the extra ~$100 then I'll make peace with it.
Pic is GTAV @1080 high/vhigh settings w/ a GTX760.First bit is with CPU affinity to 0,1 2 cores. Later part is 0-3 4 cores. Was flying around high density areas in a besra for the test, 2 cores definitely playable and better than consoles but 4 cores was almost perfectly smooth.I hope this helps you with your decision.
Oh wow, thank you. Yes, that's very helpful. I'll eat ramen and stay home for a while, but it'll be worth it. I guess my only question now is if 500w will be enough. The site is showing 423w necessary, and I was told that if you go crazy overboard, like 1200w might actually hinder performance, not to mention unnecessarily raise your electric bill. The rule of thumb I've heard of is to go 15% over what you need. So that'd be 486w, still under 500w but not by much. Though I'm not sure what you'd call "much".
What about this? ;href="#p48320652" class="quotelink"I'd go higher.
 actually nmd about that build intel socket leaves better upgrade path if needed
DO NNOT TOUCH MOTHERFUCKIN UNWANTED CHILD

Underrated post. Gonna be playing shitty console ports anyway. GLHF!!! :^
This is misleading. Four hardware threads are still available on i3s, they have hyperthreading.
hyperthreadingof any relevance
/r/buildapc
Whoops I didn't mean to bump the thread
If you say so, but I've personally verified that it works wonders in current multithreaded game engines.
Update 4:way over budget now, however, I've noticed that prices are subject to change very often. I've compiled a more detailed budget of each part. With each component at its record lowest price, the build is only $788. At their max, $1000. So my question would be is it worth buying the parts over a period of time as I wait for each of the prices to go down to their record lows? They could just as easily go up, and there's no telling how long I'd be waiting for each part.
I don't think you could get very high FPS in dying light with an i3. If in i5 is too expensive, you could get an AMD processor. But then you'd have to get a compatible motherboard, too
Just discovered this. Any other fun presumably unintentional Google suggestions?
UEFI SecureBoot will make it impossible to install linux on future computersnobody will be able to switch to linux once windows 10 becomes a monolithic walled garden OS where microsoft has more control over your computer than you dothe price of old thinkpads and decade old x86 computer hardware will skyrockethaving any semblance of privacy or control over your physical computer will become a thing of the pastIt's happening, and we're all helpless to stop it.
Good thing I have nothing to hide, otherwise I'd be fucked.
he thinks you can't dual boot with secure boot enabled
and we're all helpless to stop itbullshit, if you want to change things then convince falcon and all the buildfags to stop throwing money at uefi enabled mobos
implying I want to dualboothaving windows to waste harddisk space
And Asus and Gigabyte and so on will still be happy to sell you motherboards whose BIOS contains an off switch for secure boot, since that'll be a selling point to the kind of people that buy their product.At least one major laptop manufacturer will do the same, since all it takes is one big customer whose devs need to run Linux to scream "HEY! Knock it off! We need that!"
stutteringwhy do weebs do this
Usually I just completely replace the os, if i get bored of windows I'll install linux.
I agree with everything exceptthe price of old thinkpads and decade old x86 computer hardware will skyrocketIt won't because nobody gives a shit anymore.
Linux has never worked on Windows. Works on GNU, though.
once windows 10 becomes a monolithic walled garden OS where microsoft has more control over your computer than you doFreefucks have been screaming doomsday and saying that this is going to happen for at least the last 10 years.And it still hasn't happened.
He won't be able to dual boot if Linux bootloader isn't signed by M$.
But its happening now.
Because of secureboot? kek. You said the same shit with Windows 8 and UEFI when they were released.
I have wangblows 8 and Debian Jessie dual booted, required 6 packs of Marlboros and 3 pints of shit bourbon.
it hasn't happened means it will never happenI bet someone said this when nobody had went to the moon before.
It WILL happen because I say soheheheh
implying we went to the moon
You can only install universal apps from MS store, win32 is considered "legacy".Clearly they are going for walled garden. Windows has always been a very open OS, as open as it can get without being open source but since 8 they are going full retard with their minimalism. They want to out-Apple Apple.And even Apple allows you to install software from anywhere on OS X.
Secure boot is useless anyway. It doesn't protect shit.
most of the mobile computers in the world today are locked, even if they're running the linux kernelpersonal computers are slowly going in that directionit will never happenhuehueJust fuck off to /v/ already.What do you think it was made to protect? The /v/irginity of /v/indows users?
Install custom keys on uefiBoot whatever shit you want???Profit!
The way Microsoft wants it is so every key secure boot uses has to be signed by them. If you use custom keys you probably won't be able to boot into Windows. Although I suppose most Freetards won't care too much.
No point of Secure Boot, then.But all in all, when you don't support freedom, you deserve to have to hack the UEFI to even reinstall Windows.
helplessNo we're not.You can all do one simple thing to stop it:STOP FUCKING USING WINDOWS YOU GODDAMN IDIOTS.There, wasn't that simple?
Except true weebs don't use linux.
That's actually pretty pathetic how they don't care.
Have you even seen /g/ these days? People don't even know what an SSD is.href="#p48320127" class="quotelink"If they don't have that, they would do nothing all day and sudoku. It's a really weird phenomenon how technology in Japan was accepted and developed so fast during the 90s and 2000s, that it has come to a halt now, and it's stuck back in time.
what do you expect when linux has no programs
welcome to summer
Everything Japan does is driven by Gundams and Waifus.The current robotics are all geared to robot waifus.Mechanical engineering are all because they want to make GUNDAMS.Games are for creating more Waifus.It's escapism at it's finest.The world is going to shit, femnazis, extremist minorities, fucking self-centered students that protests against teachers every time they teach or discuss something remotely debatable or hurts a student's feelings.Fucking retards not taking vaccines and letting almost extinct diseases skyrocket back to near epidemic proportions.The world is going to shit, and Obama cuts more Nasa funding, retires the shuttles and now we rely on exploding soviet era rockets to shuttle things to low orbit.Oh and China is taking over everything and killing off quality products with shoddy cheap flimsy knockoff shit.
But Linux is a program, how a program doesn't have programs?
It doesn't help that Japs spend nearly all day working and therefore suck at any kind of social interaction with females.
Like which ones? Photoshop and CAD? Well, it's because of the reason  said.However, when it comes to networking and forensics, /v/indows can only do it in haxxor gaymes.Fucking retards not taking vaccinesStopped reading there. Opinion discarded.
Get a Mac, unlocked bootloader forever.
You missed the point
anti-vaxxerI can't believe I share a board with people like you.
Just run linux in virtualbox or buy server hardware
ARMRMboots only from the flashNothing like BIOS or UEFI.Take this as your chance to leave x86 CISC garbage behind for good!
I can't find a reason why you came to this board for this summer.
Will this make those linux selling companies grow even bigger? I wouldn't mind seeing more system76 machines out there.Or will it help to more funding of coreboot?
Motherboards don't come with Secure Boot, nor do servers.  It's only plebsumer prebuilt gear that's going to be locked down.  Even fucking Macs let you install Linux or OpenBSD, from the first m68k Macs with MMUs through the trashcan pro.
Who would want to interact with hambeasts femnazis that want fat acceptance, and cry rape if you even look at them the wrong way?They know what's up and that's why they are throwing everything they have at making robotic waifus.See the return of measles and whooping cough? They are totally preventable, but now measles are making a comeback to like fucking AFRICA levels, which doesn't have access to vaccines.
mfw freetards rekted
You can only install universal apps from MS store, win32 is considered "legacy".Why would they let win32 apps in a tablet store?

The amusing thing is that Linux users think they're making a difference despite having a marketshare smaller than Mac OSX.
A-america fuck yeah...
No, it will make the sheeple follow the regime, just like they always did with macs and other PCs.See the return of measles and whooping cough?They have always been here. But I bet you need a vaccine for it, to lower your natural defence system, just like you need all that mountain dew. The reason you need a vaccine is the reason why you shouldn't have it in the first place.
The reason you need a vaccine is the reason why you shouldn't have it in the first place.Again, I can't believe a retard like you found the way to this board.
You see how there's almost nothing in Sweden? That's because almost nobody falls for the vaccine crap there.Again, I can't believe a retard like you found the way to this board. Go back to /b/.
on the desktop prehaps.
That's because democracy is flawed.democracy != freedom
You what mate? humankind is doomed. Or at least this shitty country.
Whooping cough and measles was almost extinct in 2008, in 2014 it's had a resurgence of near epidemic proportions.All because of fucking fuckups like anti-vaxxers.Kids are dying from diseases they shouldn't be getting in the first place had they had their fucking shots.Fucking anti-vaxxers went to disneyland with measles and not it's spreading everywhere. should not be fucking happening because Measles was declared eliminated from the US in fucking 2000.Now Measles is fucking everywhere again.
you have to be retarded. Vaccines are extremely influential in keeping lethal disease controlled within the human population.FYI: Sweden's vaccination covers around 95% of the population. So vaccines are working and there is clear evidence of it today, and for the past 50-60 years.
...are you talking about the overuse of antibiotics perhaps? I just can't see someone being this stupid when all of the evidence is a google search away
You're not going to win an argument against anti-vaxxers, they're too busy screaming "MAH GUBBMENT IS EVIL" to think logically.
So south america is mustardrace?
I hope your kids die from a cough. Just like all the native americans who were killed by nonlethal diseases.can't into pluralcalling others retardedHumanity is doomed by people like you./b/It must be the outcome of being used as human gilly pigs by the US. They got an apology, btw.
and cuba, which has an amazing record with anything disease related. Good docs etc.
I bet they have the best vaccines!
No one in the East uses Linux. They all use Windows.
gilly pigsThat's it, I'm done. Enjoy your aids.
Except biased Korea which uses some Kim Jun Linux.
It must be the outcome of being used as human gilly pigs by the US. They got an apology, btw.It's not even like those nigs are human.
I could have swore I read something that it will have to be mandatory for them to put an option in the bios to turn it off.
I know for a fact that you can't enroll kids in public school unless they have their shots, do these anti-vaxxers homeschool their kids or something?
Yes which is exactly why they're so fucked up.
calls me out on stupid typohurr humanity is doomed nowGreat response, especially with that "gilly pigs" thing.Also, if the native americans had fucking vaccines, they would mostly still be around. Please, go try and fight off measles, polio, and whatever else you don't think we need vaccines for. You'll end up just like most of they did.What bothers me is that you aren't even trying to listen to what I'm saying, even if you think it's wrong.
Enjoy your death by rhinopharyngitis.People smart enough not to vaccine their kids can afford a private school.
What's fucked is that a lot of the anti-vaxxers are alive because their parents were smart enough to take them to get their shots, but then they turn around and let their own children die from preventable diseases.
hope some disease ridden kid gets transferred to some of these schools so they can die in droves. Awful thing to say, but it's what's going to happen sooner or later.
B-b-but OS X, BSD* for servers and iOS
Please. Fake immunity is not genetically transmittable, so you're just making your grandchildren be dependent on an artificial defence system. Good luck.It's gonna happen to your grandchildren if you keep busting your head in a wall. And from a non-lethal disease by today's standards.
win32 apps
all you fa/g/s will no longer be able to install linux on the desktopall you fa/g/s will be forced to choose between windows and os x, and do all your ricefaggotry in a VM/g/ will no longer be 90% "my faggoty linux distro is better than your faggoty linux distro" and "my desktop is 20% more faggoty than your desktop" and similar stupid bullshitdiscouraged beyond bearing, most linuxfags will leave entirelythe rest will grow up and learn to carry on conversations with people who are more interested in getting shit done than tweaking every pixel of the desktop they never actually fucking do anything withmeanwhile server hardware will continue to support linux on the metal because no motherboard manufacturer is going to tell industry "nah, we don't actually want the 90% of our revenue that your business contributes"but that won't matter to broke-ass neet linuxfags because they can't afford server-grade hardware anywayyou shitty linuxfags BTFO foreverus grownups suddenly find it much easier to carry on worthwhile conversation on /g/the world spins just a little easier on its axisyeah i'm really not seeing the downside here
nycLiterally nothing of value was lost
Your place isn't to tell other people they don't need stuff they want. Deal with it or kill yourself.
Sadly that's the only way this country learns things. Vaccines need to be federally mandated so people stop dying from stupid shit.
You already have a board:/v//b/See, you don't need /g/ and the fa/g/s at all.Everything is an app today. And malware is a feature - comes preinstalled on most gratis proprietary apps.
flash libreboot/corebootproblem solved
us grownups suddenly find it much easier to carry on worthwhile conversation on /g/learn2filterIt's not that fucking hard.
Vaccines need to be federally banned so people stop dying from stupid shit.ftfy
youa grownupPick one and only one.
look at these linuxfags BTFO already and the secureboot transition hasn't even happened yetjust imagine the screeching when it actually happens
read a good post todayits this onemfw
Have a good summer, goys.
Stop existing, you hateful and inferior being.

lel the common cold? cute.That doesn't mean shit. You're just making shit up about shit you don't know about and are afraid of.Tell me, what's so wrong about vaccines? any sources/links you want to share about your superior knowledge to sway me to your side?You do know that disases like smallpox can be and have been eradicated before right? As long as most of a population has immunity or a lowered chance of catching something then it can be removed from the ecosystem.Or have you heard of a case of smallpox in the last 30-40 years? That's thanks to vaccination.I'm mostly glad you won't be having any grandchildren thanks to you not vaccinating them.
be dependent on an artificial defence systemDo you not understand vaccinations?Vaccinations introduce a weakened form of the disease to the immune system, to train it on that particular virus, so the next time a non-weakened one gets there, the immune system has had practice fighting that one.It's practice for the immune system.It might be artificial practice, but next you'll say that athletes shouldn't train, they should just compete based on natural ability only. Shouldn't educate children either, just let them use their natural knowledge.
Shouldn't educate children either, just let them use their natural knowledge.HAHAHAHAHA!
Red Star OS is what they use.
You're totally correct about that on x_86 processors. However ARM is not protected. Thankfully all of the RT tablets flopped, so nothing to worry about. Plus people can install seaBIOS if every distributer of hardware becomes an asshat
Then why does every generation need it, then?Shouldn't educate children eitherWell I don't see many smart people using computers. Or living 2 seconds without a debt. They would probably fit in the wild better.Natural selection should be let to do it's thing. You wouldn't be here that way. And the other people would have been tougher and smarter. If you know what's good for the world, you wouldn't weaken the gene pool with your genes and opinions.
Natural selection should be let to do it's thing. You wouldn't be here that way.
Natural selection should be let to do it's thing.Everyone that says that has no fucking idea how natural selection works. We have evolved brains that let us manipulate the environment to our benefit. One of those things we invented was vaccines. Vaccines ARE natural selection at work dipshit.
heehee more BTFO linuxfagsmicrosoft and secureboot confirmed for the chemo that will cure /g/oh yeah andflash a libre bios, problem solvedyeah-huh, sure, that'll go greati mean, it's not like simple shit that never changes, like ACPI support on laptops, ever breaks under linux, right? nobody ever closes a laptop any more and opens it to find it kernel panic'd when it tried to go to sleepthat's why this wiki page is emptythat amazing track record i can just see how wonderfully well a libre bios will work outthe only drawback i see here is that for a while there'll be a lot of shitposting from idiots who've just bricked their motherboards and want to blame the manufacturers instead of their own stupid selves
teehee i maded ppl mad xD theyre so btfo!Grow up.
lol
Only a matter of time before based ms blocks autism os
Every generation doesn't need it. In my earlier post  I mentioned a virus that was eradicated. Nobody gets smallpox vaccinations anymore, because it's virtually impossible to contract now.Stop acting like a damn edgelord, talking about surviving in the wild and shit. We changed our environment because we are smart enough to do so. And the same goes for vaccines. We created them becuase no diseases care who you are. They just kill you.
oh c'mon who could help it, it's not even that i'm trolling, it's that the real world is trolling and i'm just here to watch and point and laugh
He doesn't know how to import his own certificates into secure bootHe thinks UEFI is some subsidiary of microshitHe fell for the thinkpad memeHe ironically thinks secure boot leads to a less secure system
mfw I will never upgrade from XPMicropenis can eat shit
Irrational.
I thought everyone only wanted to use Win 7 anyways.
he's too poor for the necessary hardware upgrade.
He doesn't know how to import his own certificates into secure bootclass="quote"implying that linuxfag shitposters who can barely into ricing will be able to cope with the above
Grow up.
he spends money on different things than mehe must be poor I prefer functional over new m8my elderly rig probably has your shitbox beat anyway
functionaluses Chrome and iTunes
You know, you can probably just disable Secureboot.mean, can you toggle a switch? Great. Can you make informed decisions about the hardware that you shove in your computer? Cool. Can you avoid installing rootkits? Excellent.Now you are qualified to turn off Secureboot and install loonix on your garage-made PCI vacuum tube.Or, I guess you can just run a VM.
I bet you don't even use toilet paper eitherMy hand is just as functional!You fucking animal, hand in your /g/ card
Chrome is just a backup browser itunes because DRM bullshit
I thought anti-vaxxers was a click bait but holy shit it's real.
vaccines cause autism, maybe thats what caused yours
he doesn't realize that microsoft no longer requires BIOS manufacturers to provide an option to disable secure boothe doesn't realize that windows 10 sp1 will coincide with a strong recommendation from MS for new BIOSes to enforce secure boot at all timesManufacturers will be able enable UEFI Secure Boot without giving you a manual kill switch, as they have to do with Windows 8 systems. If that happens, you’ll only be able to boot Microsoft-approved operating systems on these locked-down PCs.


rektshit postalso manufacturers will probably always have the turn off option.
be using Macsbe unaffected because of SecureBootdoesn't matter anyway because I'd be a moron to use Linux over OS X on a Mac
they didn't buy 2 mirrored high performance $2000 builds to hold on until 2025 so Stallman will have something figured out by thenebic

vaccines cause autismAnd foreskins cause paralysis....
not using computers with ARM CPUnot buying ATX motherboards with 48core ARM CPUsdisgusting
Why not just turn secure boot off?
Why you're such an obvious troll
Speaking of non-Intel computers; I'm glad the SBC scene is getting rolling, it's nice to have some choices in architecture again.
Because on modern computers designed for WIndows10 you CANNOT disable secure boot.
Muh slippery slope.
There is no slippery slope when there is money at the end.
My desktop game with the UEFI, but thankfully I visited the manufacturer's site and they had a bios flashing tool to downgrade.
Then why does every generation need it, then?The fuck does this even mean? Do you think babies are born ripped if their parents were weightlifters? I honestly hope you're trolling because you are mind numbingly stupid. Take a moment and look at your fucking surroundings. Take a moment and learn how to think critically.
go to bios / uefidisable secure bootremove windows install gentoo.
yeah they told us that too.. 
wat niggalink me thatis it good price:performance?
In the long term, is there any way that Microsoft could convince even the boxed motherboard manufacturers to make this impossible to turn off?
Microsoft already offers OEM windows licenses for free so long as you disable the ability to shut off secureboot.
Look at that idiot, he thinks he can't replace Windows with Linux. Ha. Not even UEFI can do shit about that.
us grownupsyoua grownup4changrownupsa weeb anonymous imageboard culturegrownupI agree with linux desktop faggotry, but jezus fucking christ an hero while you still can.
My mum says I'm grown up. She even let me stay home by myself the other day.
Not really, my HP Stream 7 has Windows 8.1 with bing the free OEM version and it has the ability to disable secure boot
Why is MS such fags. Got damn it. I hope my current laptop is going to last a loong time
Does this apply to the Stream 11 and 13?I've been wanting a cheapo linux laptop for dicking around.
Gomenasai, my name is Ken-Sama.I’m a 27 year old American Otaku Anime fan for you gaijins. I draw Anime and Manga on my tablet, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior Japanese games. Disgaea, Final Fantasy, Persona seriesI train with my Katana every day, this superior weapon can cut clean through steel because it is folded over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my sword license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day.I speak Japanese fluently, both Kanji and the Osaka dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Japanese history and their bushido code, which I follow 100%When I get my Japanese visa, I am moving to Tokyo to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become an animator for Studio Ghibli or a game designer!I own several kimonos, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Japan, so I can fit in easier. I bow to my elders and seniors and speak Japanese as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond.Wish me luck in Japan!
It probably does, google is your friend
Nice man, you have your tastes and you follow them. Go for it!
RIP in peace ken-sama
I really hope you don't have children
I won't mind if secure boot becomes mandatory, the only thing that's important is that I can use my own keys.
Neckbeards, uh uh uh uh uh, find a way.
The difference is MS has gone from "Laptops and desktops: give the user the option, mobile: Lock it to shit" to "Laptops and desktops, it's the OEM's choice, mobile: same as ever"Windows phone is par for the course.The Surface RT was uncomfortable. A fully locked down intel x86 device, run. Just run.
Lol, what is coreboot. I'll take a signed Fedora shim for $0. Dude it isn't an issue.
I once got windows XP working on a psp, I don't see this being a problemunhackable hardware/g/decide
Good thing we have the EU
exploding soviet era rocketsThey're reliable mateOh and China is taking over everything and killing off quality products with shoddy cheap flimsy knockoff shit.Chink shit actually scales with price. Don't buy the really cheap shit
But what would be their purpose? The NSA and other organised groups can already access your data if the feel it is worth accessing, or at least the data of the laymen. A free market means there will always be incentive to meet demand. Furthermore, I cannot see anything stopping a more flexible OS entering the market and taking away dissatisfied customers from Microsoft. That's my 3 cents.
It isn't like the fedora project sold out to MS and bought a key or anything thus validating the practice.....
One linux company isn't going to make a difference vs. the dozens of prebuild manufacturers anywaySo long as they have a key. Other linux distros should get theirs too.
ImplyingI boot n00buntu on my SP3
It is hypocritical given fedora keeps its "free" image to this day.
Maybe, but not having a key might indeed make it impossible for the average consumer to ever even try linux, which is probably what MS wants.
UEFI SecureBoot will make it impossible to install linux on future computerskek, someone needs to learn how UEFI works
You dropped your tinfoil hat, tard.
At least they have a job and suck at talking to girls. Unlike you.
yes because most motherboard manufacturers wont make it possible to disable secure boot not building your computer buying laptops in the age of smartphones
kek. Werks for me TM
he thinks Trusted Computing is about the interests of the USER
le dollar sign meme
you're acting like an underage faggot spouting out buzzwords like autism os and btfo. grow up.
As long as there's the /system32/winload.exe it wouldn't be impossible to dual boot. Just type the command path in the boot manager every time your computer boots well that sucks.
Can you help me with changing fields? Or maybe share a story, someone else's experience.be me, 25, graduated law school, working in the field for a few monthsparents swayed me that way when I was 18I wanted to work in IT/SW devt. when I was around 12-17, had hobbies exclusively in that area, helped out with xhtml/css/php at friend's dad's company as a 14 year oldnever pursued that after I graduated high school, terrible prioritiesI am now realizing that I fucking hate my job even though it pays well and I can wear a fancy suit all day and I want to work part time in a low level IT job while I go back to school for a CS degree, then go into something bigger. I don't really have any experience in the field outside of keeping up a few home networks, building computers and general trouble shooting for everyone I know.Will they laugh at me when I apply for some part time/intern positions? What should I do? What would you saw my resume and a cover letter that says this?
What would you DO IF YOU saw my resume and a cover letter that says this?that one got away from me
This is almost exactly me. Except that I have been obsessed with computers since I was 8 years old. Parents claimed that there was no money in tech when I was deciding on major lol. Got bullshit degree from a top university, went to first tier law school, passed bar, hated life. I taught myself how to program and took some classes at a community college, things worked out
Been using this forever, but I discovered that it really messes with my subscriptions page. Strips everything but the videos from the page. So is there an alternative or does any of you fags know a fix for this?
Hey /g/, just looking for some advice on this build:does it compare to this? should I go with an i5 or i7? Any other advice with what is on that build would be welcome, first time builder here.Pic unrelated.
theres not really any difference between i5 and i7 for gamingid go with a 650w gold rated psu at least just to be safe, then you can upgrade other components without having to worry about powerif you arent in a hurry you could save up a little longer and buy the 980 which is gonna drop in price
also the 4690k is actually cheaper so you mayaswell get that
Hmm, thanks I'll do that. As for the 980, I'm not planning on building this until at least the end of summer if not later so I'll look into it. I imagine this build including the 980 is superior to that laptop which is what I have had now for about 2 years?
Heres a better one for a few dollars more
Shit this looks nice, comes to a little over 1700 with tax which is great. I should have come to /g/ with this sooner, I tried this on /v/ the other day and just got shitposting.
mayaswellintel needs to name one of their chips this
Another question, do I need a soundcard or is it unnecessary for this build?
those gpu pricesim sorry canadabros
I have a US mailing address as well for business and could just sneak it over the border, how much cheaper is it in the US?
check the mobo if it has onboard sound
Yep, Realtek ALC887 so that answer's my question.
They just keep getting better/stronger/faster.

Instead of/in an addition to the last one :
Fastest way to make money with a PowerEdge 2850? 50 gigs down, 10 up. 3 terabytes srorage . The electricity is free.
spambot and pornography redirection loops that trigger adsense clicks with every pageview
Rent it out as a seedbox
Thank you. The sounds devious as shit. :^Sauce for resources? I've gotten a few letters for copyright infringement this year, is there a way to make seedbox safe?
ISPs have limited liability for infringements of their customers.
class="quote"PLS4K$437IT'S HAPPENING
PLSshit contrast
Where's the adaptive sync? Where is the high refresh rate?Affordable OLED fucking when?
Affordable OLED fucking whenI'd say almost never for desktop sized screens and up. not enough market there for it compared to phones/tablets that seriously need it.
23.6"It's fucking tiny.
as if it's even noticeable with our eyes. waste of money nice meme
Why would someone want a monitor that's a tiny tv? :^|
call me when they release a 32" 4k at that price range.
Once you've used 30" monitors you'll never go back.
waiting for the following to replace my 2x 20" 1680x1050 monitors30+ inches4k+ resIPS or *VADP 1.3+FreesyncAG coatedthin matte bezels500$Should be happening in a years time I think.
tfw don't feel like i need anything over 1080pi might pick up two of these to replace my aging 23.5" 1080p monitors. I wouldn't want to run them at 4K though, that's just ridiculous with Window's bad scaling algorithms.
Good day ladies and /g/entlemenI'm just just finding out that Hola is actually a botnet . I used to use it to watch blocked netflix stuff with. I went to reset my IP and changed passwords and ran virus scans on my computer. still scared tbhAnyway anybody can recommend me a /g/ verified sweet, fast, efficient and "free" VPN that I cop like real quick? I don't know what to trust anymore.
Uh I don't think I would have installed Hola if it said this when I got it.So it's a RAT now?
If you are not paying for the VPN, then you become the product for the VPN provider./g/ is not your tech support/review site. /g/sqt
no need 2 be a cunt m8
Jesus christ guys, Hola is a P2P program. This means that you share some of your bandwidth. They have never tried to hide this, it's not like this is some huge uncovered scoop. Skype does the same thing. If you had just read their FAQ you would have realized this a long time ago.
I need a coffee maker /g/.Please post recommends.DRM k-cups arguments welcome
Any decent French pressAvoid Stelton unless you're a basic as fuck though
French press or get out.
Bonavita
I've had 'em all, and have settled on a Hario manual grinder and a big stainless steel French press.  No filters to buy/worry about/get contaminated from, and I can make coffee if shtf.Works for me.

Plunger shitFuck no, it's basically just glorified drip coffee, which is the worst kind of coffee there is.If you don't want to shell out for a proper espresso machine, get a Moka pot instead.
gawker medianooooopefuck off with your clickbait garbage
but I am.After all the DRM fallout and my coffee consumpution I can throw a stupid amount of money on this.one time cost  high priced consumables
Seems to taste better than my Espesso maker and Moka potEZ to clean as well
drip coffee is weak and burnt at the same timeFrench press is literally brewing your coffee in hot water and straining it before drinking.it extracts all the flavorful oils unlike a drip machine
DRM k-cups arguments welcomeKeurig machines themselves are overpriced garbage anyways. My $50 drip coffee maker makes stronger coffee than the large k-cups.
Saeco Aroma is good machine for espressodoesn't do any of the crazy personalized shit or automatic cappuccino - if you want that you can pay more.Basically anything higher than that is just the same base machine with extra bits.
take a cupput a big spoon of coffee inpour hot water overlet it sit for 3 minutesdrink
Install WindowsIt just werkzThis is what you sound like
he's not part of our e1337 haxxor ghantuu loonix klub
instant coffee master raceanything else is for hipsters and autistics
 a weathered looking grey middle-aged man in an ill-fitting suit drinks cup after cup of terrible instant coffee in his shabby office, looking out the dirty window at the grey clouds. another dull and overcast day. he's late with the reports. again.this is what i think of when i read your post
Put. That coffee. Down.
fuck offyou probably use the phrase "wage slave" unironically
I have a cheap ass DeLonghi espresso and it's great.  Buy that and you won't be disappointed
Just get a BUNN velocity brewer. Me and my dad have them, there super fast once they warm up duh and they last forever. My dads is almost as old as me. They kick ass. 
class="quote"DripDon't do this OP, I'm pretty sure you wouldn't, but just in case don't.
If you aren't roasting your own beans, you aren't drinking good coffee.
muh nigga
2015not cold drip extracting
Can I use one of those to make anything besides espresso?
like coffeewant to get into good coffeetfw can't figure out what is autism shit, hipster shit, placebo shit and what is notWhat's this meme about espresso machines though? I see it everywhere. But people asked for coffee, not espresso
jimmies: confirmed for rustled
nothing wrong with a drip machine.
not using based espresso machinejesus you guys are fags
Keurig is a bean net.
letting it sit for 3 minutesnot taking lukewarm water and just chug it down immediately
Do you drink the grounds? What the hell is wrong with you?
This. Any decent drip machine with a temperature control is fine. People just need to be special snowflakes.
You dont drink the grounds, you drin tills u start feeling the grounds.
Instant coffee is hot chocolate with coffee flavoring and caffeine. Grow up, manchild.
Two boiling flasks and a pipe to connect them. Create a vacuum and enjoy your coffee.Everything else is shit.
Was going to buy an espresso machine. Any recommendations ?
gale pls
I still use my keurig b30 with the reusable coffee filter. its pretty basic, but you don't have to fuck with drm bullshit.
/g/ I have a coffee maker but how do I get it to grind coffee? Why do I need some paper to put in the machine?
Paper... to put in the grinder? Wat
Don't you need paper to kinda drain the juices out? A-am I wrong?I don't even know how to use any coffee machine so excuse me.
2015having bought a coffee maker unable to grasp the concept of coffee grounds + paper filter + hot water = coffeeI guess thats that, then. I don't know how you've survived this long.
There are no juices, after grinding you're left with a gritty powder. You just dump the grinder out right into the coffee machine.
I drink hot chocolate each morning.
Unless you mean the coffee filter. That goes in the coffee maker before the grounds. Has nothing to do with the grinder.
consumer grade coffee makers
How about a Silvia v3 and a decent grinder?
I have been living off instant coffee tyvm and my family bought the machineHow do I make it grind coffee beans m8

 cont'dThis would be my suggestion for the grinder.
So once I'm done I put the grounds into something like this machine?
 But people asked for coffee, not espressoEspresso is a coffee preparation method.People also refer to the coffee prepared by this method as espresso.So yes, it's coffee. What's this meme about espresso machines though?To many this is simply the best preparation method. Lots of taste, much crema the natural foam on top - you don't need additives to get this with this method.Actually, this is the default coffee you'd get if you ordered a "coffee" without further qualification in much of Europe.
Yep. Or as you can see in , with an electronic grinder with timer, the right dose will fall into this on a key press.Typically, you'd also quickly push it down with a stamp like pic related - or less fancy to pack it more densely, but it's optional.
So it's better to pack the grounds rather than have them loose? After I pour them in I usually shake it a little so they settle.
I have that exact coffee maker. It's glorious.
Plunger shitlinking this shit-tier clickbait siteanon please
Yes.You want to make it as hard for the water to pass through as possible.This isn't a drip machine, you've got 9-12 atmospheres of pressure to blast through that coffee, not just gravity.As you pack it tighter more will be absorbed.Obviously to a point, don't make it impossible for the water to pass
Yes, on espresso machines where pressurized hot water flows through, it's better.It causes the water to pass through the coffee slower and more evenly rather than mostly run along some big channels as it would in loosely packed coffee - the number of and size of which on the latter is a bit unpredictable, making the brewing result vary quite a bit, too.
I'm guessing it's the same story for drip machines? Just not packed quite as much since there is less force?
Anything that isn't an espresso machine exists only because peasants in Italy were too poor to fabricate the pressure vessels necessary for espresso.It isn't the 1800s any more, saying espresso is 'too fancy' or 'special snowflake' is just perpetuating the fox the grapes story from when poor people couldn't afford better methods.
No. A layer of fine espresso grounds is pretty much waterproof to just gravity, you need water pressure to force water through.Filter or other drip coffee for needs to be ground more roughly and can't be packed densely. The water just kinda runs along the loosely packed coffee grounds until it drips out...
WOOH. gotem
