, 
, 
Hey /g/Anyone in here have an IT related job? Im planning on studying information systems in college. Good idea or bad idea?
Anyone in here have an IT related jobAnyone in herehave an IT related jobIT/g/
Lol sorry. I guess im retarded or something?
Fuck If I know, I don't know shit about computers.
No one here has a job.
Aw man. I guess i came to the wrong people.
What is covered in Information Systems in college?I'd probably recommend choosing a field to specialise in instead, like programming, networking, systems engineer, security.and yes i work in IT
Anyone in here have an IT related job? YesIm planning on studying information systems in college.Good idea or bad idea?It's not the worst idea.
, 
Previous thread:Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
I need to replace the whole rear LCD cover magnesium? on my x220. Can i do this without disassembling any of the lower half?Related, how painful is the procedure for accessing and re-pasting the CPU heatsink? Temps are stable now but i managed to hit 93 C on a laggy shit Flash webpage
Hackintosh PovertyBook T60 guy from a thread or two ago reporting in.After many, many failed attempts, I finally figured out how to install OSX 10.6.3 and then upgrade it to 10.6.8 without lolkernelpanic.  I disabled all the add-on voodoo shit for sound, etc. during the install.Thinking logically about how in my understanding kexts are extremely version-specific, I should have realized this sooner.  I just know fuck-all about OSX.  Now I just have to find kext versions that work with 10.6.8 to make everything work.Still using my charge-circuitry-borked T60/ATI board waiting for the Intel board to show up.  Then I'll get to do the install all over again.
My T61 has a very yellow and dim screen compared to my X201. Are they all like that?Basically is it worth it to swap the screen?
Replace the backlight
Wouldn't it be easier to just replace the whole LCD?
You could.
My T420 is arriving today... is it easy to hackinthosh? I need an iOS project done for tomorrow, and I'm not sure if I should just rent macincloud or attempt to install OS X
And an entire lid swap is easierIts best that you wait last minute for that hackintosh install!Though it is more work to remove the bottom screws so you can remove the keyboard & bezel to remove the LCD cable, hinges and lid, it makes it easier imo to work on a screen that way.But yeah, its doable, good thing ThinkPad displays go all the way back so you don't have to worry about the LCD falling much.
What is a good place to buy thinkpads in The Netherlands?
Anyone using a T410 with Lunix? Is it worth getting one with an nvidia card? How's the mobile broadband working?
Ok, so I got one of those butterfly keyboard Thinkpads for free 701c.  I didn't realize how sought after they are.  This one's quite the project though. The hinge that controls the keyboard folding was completely broken and pieces are missing, I superglued what's left and it seems to be working good now.  The battery leaked, so had to take that out, showing bad memory on startup. I continued with the boot but it doesn't go any further than the windows 95 loading screen. Just thought I'd show it off.  Think I'm going to just toss it on ebay because I have no use for it.
Well now it seems if I hit f1, esc, or enter it just gives me a black screen now.
It'd probably still fetch a decent sum on ebay if you make the pictures look goodBut the issues would scare away the first handful
Yeah, now that it won't show the windows 95 screen it'll probably scare more away lol. But I got it for a good deal and rather it go to someone willing to put effort into it.
Still looking for an X220 in the UK. eBay has some good listings but generally is pretty overpriced. Anywhere else I can get one from at a reasonable price?
Why ThinkPad? What's so good about them?
IT'S A MEME YA DIP
memes can actually be dank tho
As dank as your dubs?
cheap as fuck usedexcellent build qualityexcellent keyboards --20 models and earlierglorious trackpoint master race input deviceeasy to service and maintaincomfy features like thinklightIt's the best meme. Thinkpads are love.
What about availability outside the US? Can used models be easily found in yurop?
Prices in Europe seem to be a good deal higher than here in the states, but there should still be good deals to be had. You might just have to look longer and harder than you would if you were in the US.
easy to service and maintainI agree. The only thing I really hate about Thinkpads is le epic one RAM DIMM under the keyboard design decision. That's annoying as shit.
Any downsides of the T430s compared to the T430?I can get one for a good price.
Worse battery life but you'll get a HD+ screen for sure.
Thanks. I can live with that. Outlets everywhere.
I have a Dell Vostro 3300 currently, I want to replace it with a Thinkpad if/when it breaks, what model should I get which is roughly similar?I don't care about games and shit, as long as I can have 4gb on it and do some programming and torrenting and watch films I'd be okay.
x230 for $270 in a country where ThinkPads are overpriced as fuck.i5-3320m, 4GB RAM, 240GB SSD, 6cell bat and a power adapter.Should I pull the trigger?Pic rel is my current x120e. E-350 is a pain in the ass.
chiclet keyboardno.
Fuck off nigger.Any other opinions on this?
Would you say a T520 is worth 60 eurobucks more than a T500?
Yep, totally worth it with the SSD.
I'm gonna replace it with my Intel 520 180GB anyway because of hardware FDE.Fuck samshit by the way.
Absolutely, no question. Sandy bridge is much more powerful and is actually usable with a battery.
check local 2nd hand online marketplaceX series for 100-200 yuroswait a sec are you trying to convert me again
I cleaned my X220 keyboard two days ago and let it dry for 48 hours. I plugged it back in today and only the trackpoint and power button work. I can't enter the BIOS because the thinkvantage key does not work and I cannot input keys. Should I buy another keyboard?
sorry, the trackpoint does not work, but the leds work
8710w
hey /g/uyswhat is the best Intel Penryn/Merom line CPU I can put in my R61i?And is the middle button really only supposed to be for scrolling and not clicking?
Is it ok to buy a T60 for programming?i just want a thinkpad
bump
Yeah, a T60 will serve you fine. Ideally you'd want one with the 1600x1200 screen but you can program on literally anything.
T8300 is best price/performance is the middle button really only supposed to be for scrolling and not clicking?Yes
thanks anon, it's a 1400x1050 t60
thankI'll get a X9000
what distro should i go for ?inb4 T40
That's a good deal, anon. Nice.Ignore le thinkpad keyboard purists. tbh the only thing I hate about the new keyboard design is the placement of keys. Literally no business moving around the scrnshot and pg up/down keys where they are.Tbh I find it more comfortable to type on than my x220.
So apparently the screw on my x220 tablet is too fucking long and it is pushing against my keyboard making the J key and it's area hard to push. Where the fuck do I get a better screw for this? Is t here another solution? Are the screws just different sizes or what?
what the fuck happened to Lenovo's websitehref="#p48295723" class="quotelink"Which screw? One that holds the keyboard?Those screws should be the same size as the palm rest screws. If it is longer then someone screwed up.You could just take one out of the palm rest and put it in the keyboard hole. The palm rest has like 5 screws anyways, not really necessary.
Just cut the screw.
Oh yeah okay, I'll try that when I get home Also what the fuck happened it looks like Etsy or some shit
My X201 Tablet Thinkpad overheats all the time. Get a reset whenever I compile code and CPU temp goes up to 100 C. ;_; Tried to find fixes, but only solution right now is to set fan level to 7 or disengaged and hope it doesn't reset.
X220 IPS, i7-2640M, 850 Pro SSD, UltraBase Series 3. I'll upgrade RAM later because this only contains 4GB of it. I'm quite happy with this thing.
what's your idle and load temps like?
Are those UltraBases worth the money?
After 5 minutes I launched this thing:acpitz-virtual-0Adapter: Virtual devicetemp1:        +36.0°C  crit = +99.0°Cthinkpad-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterfan1:           0 RPMcoretemp-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterPhysical id 0:  +36.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0Core 0:         +36.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 1:         +35.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCompiling retroarch, mpv and having web browser launched up:acpitz-virtual-0Adapter: Virtual devicetemp1:        +78.0°C  crit = +99.0°Cthinkpad-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterfan1:        3880 RPMcoretemp-isa-0000Adapter: ISA adapterPhysical id 0:  +80.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 0:         +80.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CCore 1:         +74.0°C  high = +86.0°C, crit = +100.0°CIt seems I have to make fan control a bit more aggressive under a load.. I wonder if that's healthy.I think you can live without them just fine. I got this cheap. If I have to mention something; it contains 4xUSB3 ports and a DVD drive.
Is the t440 a decent replacement for a dell latitude?
Can a 2TB HDD work in a T500?Or should I go with a smaller SSD?
That's pretty good the ultrabase. When I get my X220 I'll have a look around for a cheap one
Can a 2TB HDD work in a T500?As long as it's 7mm or 9.5mm and not 12.5mm, yes.Or should I go with a smaller SSD?Get both, hdd goes in the caddy.
Ssd for boot speed, HD if that's your only computer
Pretty good. How much did you spend overall and how's the battery life
four usb 2.0 portspls respond /g/ents
I just got issued T440 at work.Why is it so slow compared to my 7 year old C2D?Why is that touchpad so shitty?Why does the display lose colour accuracy when tilted just slightly? I thought this was supposed to be IPS?I am dissapoint.
tbh I'd just get another Dell Latitude if you want something newer. T440 has a really poor touchpad with no buttons, and it isn't hard to get used to but it isn't ideal.
Hey guys. I'm interested in getting a T61 or T61p. Problem is I'm looking for a 14" with a Penryn processor which they are meant to come with and there doesn't seem to be any on eBay. I can't see any whatsoever with Penryn processors actually. So my question is: where can I find a T61 with Penryn? I'm in the UK if that helps. I'd also like to ask if there's any way to get a T61p without any risk of the GPU failing. Thanks guys.
Because CPU doesn't matter, storage device does.Because you should be trackpoint master race, and the T440's trackpoint sucks any way so it sux2buBecause not all Thinkpads are IPS, some are still 768p TN
It's easy if you know what you're doing
Why is it so slow compared to my 7 year old C2D?chinksWhy is that touchpad so shitty?chinksWhy does the display lose colour accuracy when tilted just slightly? I thought this was supposed to be IPS?chinks
Whenever I try to "restart" my x220, it shuts down then the screen and all LEDs just stay off.  The fan is still running gently. Why is it doing this?Also, startup time from my SSD power button to login screen is 2-3 minutes but at least once like  25 seconds.Please help me i'm about to strangle this thing
So I recently came into possession of a Thinkpad T400 for free. It has a 2.53 GHz P9500 processor, the ATI HD3470 graphics card now useless for just about anything other than Chinese cartoons, 6GB of RAM and a 500 GB 7200RPM hard drive. In other words, it's pretty loaded. Battery even lasts 3 hours with the shitty 3-cell. I was previously using a shitty Toshiba Satellite, and the construction quality of the T400 is absolutely awe-inspiring in comparison.The computer also came with the fuckbright 670-nit screen, which from my understanding is pretty rare. And it's seriously fucking bright, like full-on broad daylight does nothing to this screen's readability. The only issue is that it's 1280x800; I cannot be productive on the go and when it's on the dock I end up gravitating towards the 1080p display I have plugged into the VGA port which the main laptop easily outshines on full brightness. But that resolution is so terrible. Is it worth it and doable to swap out this display for a 1440x900 one?
Yes! Two generations newer, better battery life, better performance.14" T60 was my favorite, if only it was IPS.The keys aren't that fucking bad, I admit it is a but awkward to type on a X130e but the T420, 11e is OK, got used to the layoutI embrace the botnet though.Because your work has backdoors and keyloggers, good guy.There might be a UK/EU seller on the ThinkPad forums that will sell you a legit 08/08 date model. You pay enthusiast prices or deals.
The 1440x900 display may not be that be that bright but it will make a difference, I've had a display before and it does look OK compared to shit WXGA
The screw hole for the hard drive bay in my t60p got stripped and now the screw is very loose. How can I fix it?
Cheapest business class thing to get as a drawing tablet? HP and Dell are fine too.Something is wrong with your shit. Startup time for my t410 with a ssd is under 20 seconds. Over half of that is the POST.
Replying to my own post. Looks like a Dell Latitude XT is pretty damn cheap and works decently with loonix.
got a brand new dell precision m2800 for work and it's awful.  Everyone got thinkpad but i'm the first wave to get the new Dells.  They are moving away from Thinkpads :
And an entire lid swap is easierYou could also just buy another machine....[in all seriousness, a lid swap is likely to get you another dim, yellowed, worn out backlight]
Replying to my own post again, the XT has a damn 1.8" zif ide hard drive. Stupid obsolete incompatible dead-end tech bullshit. Let's find a different tablet convertible to get!
anyone diy'd this before?
Are T61 widescreens with Core 2 Duo 1.8GHZ a good work/general fucking around laptop for like £60?
I found a T400 with an LED backlit 1440x900 display. It is also bright as fuck FYI
I've got a T400 with a 1280x800 CCFL, would the LED improve battery life at all?
Oops, my bad.
just bought a T540p, cool as fuck.
get a new keyboard
Yeah sure. If all you are doing is typing and coding, it should take good care of you, especially since that is a pretty okay price considering Eruo poor
guys, im really stuck between two *gasp* newer thinkpads. yoga 14/15+dedicated gpu+rollcage/good construction+good ips display+cheaper ~$600 between ebay or outletx1 carbon 3+better screen+about 1lbs lighter+slightly longer battery life+cooler-more expensive $700-$800 between ebay and outletshit /g/ what do?
also, I don't know at all how decent the keyboard/trackpad is on either. i know both are shit compared to le old thinkpads i already have an x200 and t61p but how are they compared to eachother or modern day macs?
So does Windows 8.1 run well on a Thinkpad X220 when it comes to drivers and what not?I have a X220T and I know Windows 8.1 tends to offer overall better performance, so I'm thinking of just giving it a pirate.Also quell your autism I'll be installing a version of Leese Nuts on it next to it.
I'm running Windows 8.1 on my X220 and everything runs just fine. The Lenovo site has Windows 8/8.1 drivers for the X220.
Oh really? I must just have missed them last time I saw it then. Cheers, anon. tbh you can get something better than both of those if you look outside of Lenovo. Consider Dell Latitude. I have a Yoga 14. It's nice, but I've found Dell Latittudes cheaper and with better GPUs like AMD. Out of the two, X1 Carbon has the physical buttons. If I don't end up selling my Yoga, I'm going to mod in physical buttons on it. I'd look elsewhere and get something that has integrated graphics and a GPU, because I don't believe EITHER of those two have integrated graphics and that is what will eat your battery. Consider the Dell Latitude line, or even the precision line. I don't know I just don't really like this ultrabook trend
I actually really need my laptop to be "portable" as in at least under 5lbs. The yoga 14 is 4.2 lbs which is light enough but the x1 carbon is 2.9 lbs for a 14" machine which is god tierwhat do you mean by physical buttons? for what? the yoga and the carbon have the same keyboard layout as far as i knowboth also habve integrated graphics. do you know about switchable nvidia graphics? the yoga doesn't use the dedicated gpu on battery at all. all id be playing on it is lower end games like cs:go, warband, and poe anyway which the intell 5500 can handle perfectly fineI think I've made up my mind and want a 1440p Carbon but I'm gonna have to pay out the balls for that. gonna save up the next couple of weeks, but thanks for the advise anyways. I'll see what dell has to offer for shits and giggles
How do people even play on laptops? Looking to buy a new one from Japan with 700$ budget and see shit like intel HD 4400 which runs jack shit.Best I saw on Fujitsu's site was intel HD 5500 which also got shit benchmark results.Where the fuck are you getting laptops that let you run vidya?Are IBM ThinkPads the answer?Only ever seen these used in primary schools. Where they hand each student their own one. They barely run notepad.
You can run CSGO on an x220.I mean reason that you aren't gonna play modern vidya on laptop no matter what soAnd to be fair, you really shouldn't because it will shorten your laptop's lifespan with all the heat that fucker will put out.PROTIP TO ALL THOSE MUH GAYMES FAGSSet up an external GPU setup. You can spend the money you use getting a dGPU to get a more powerful GPU and plug it into a port. I even think the T430 has  a thunderbolt port on one of the models.
Never thought about that.So you can plug in a normal gfx card in with a thunderbolt port?Would a converter to usb inbetween work cuz not many laptops seen to have any thunderbolt port.I just want to play League without shit fps or stutters with stuff on the background.
You probably need a new fan, or maybe could get away with reapplying the thermal compound.In all honesty, just tape up the cover, maybe electrical tape will work for the screw threads or find a fatter screw, unless you want to rethread it or buy a whole new base for it.Perhaps, but there are honest sellers on eBay.On my T43p the screen was yellowed on the edges due to the Sun's UV rays.
broaden your tastes m8, there's a lot more to vidya than the latest $60 console ports, as much as steam would like you to think otherwise
Not a Thinkpad but in case I ever need to use my laptop in an acid rain storm or right after a concussive grenade goes off... And that L33T Razer sticker, well. Its to fool people. Because you see the only thing it can play is FTL.

Hey man, Crunchbang is based on Debian Wheezy.  It's only going to get security updates from the Debian repos for a few more months.  It's on its way out or already out depending on who you talk to.If you want a Debian/Openbox setup, install CrunchbangPlusPlus.  It's based on Debian Jessie the new "Stable".
You don't think I won't be able to simply change the repository and go from there?
Check the #! forums.  It breaks some things.IIRC it can be done, but it's a serious pain in the ass.
If I want a small machine with non-shit 6-7+ hours battery life for cheap, preferably 200€, what should I get?
I would say the X220, but then I realized britbong prices.Consider X201, X200, or X60/X61.Or the T series if you want something bigger.
of these worth it?
I was also thinking X220, that's like 270€ here while the X201 is at a comfortable 109€.Are there any big differences between the two models if all I wanna do with it is browse the Internet and write code?
That T440p is priced pretty fucking low, what's wrong with it?
How come Cumpads are so darn cheap in US of A?you this isn't a plain X220 but a X220 tablet.I would've bid but the import taxes and shipping here to Europe kills it for me.
As opposed to Avondale I believe is the CPU line name, Sandy Bridge was a MAJOR upgrade in terms of power consumption and processing power. In general, X201's run hotter, and have about maybe one or two hours less of battery life for the same capacity cell.The X220 also has the capacity of an IPS screen upgrade, and unlikr the X201, has room for a second mSATA SSD and access to a 9 cell battery.On the other hand, the x201 has a 16:10 resolution, and although you can't have an IPS, you are able to pop in an equally as nice AFFS screen into it. Or even the T60/T61 is nice because it has a better resolution all that, so for coding it might be nice. Especially since the aspect ratio is 16:10. Or I think some of them come with a 4:3 ratio.
Not really interested in the T-line because I'm really looking for a portable machine to take to uni.
How is T not portable?
Too big. I had a 13.3" ultrabook before and that was too large.
I think the T series are still pretty portable, and the higher resoltutions will go a long way as far as coding since the X series has shit resolutionOtherwise, yeah I'd just grab the x220 or x201. I listed pretty much the benefits, so it is really up to you. You can't go wrong with either. I would personally lean a little more towards the X220 myself.
is yoga_3_pro nice for someone who burn my ass with "I want a laptop as a macbook fucking faggot style and battery" ?
U wot?
I still have an L420 thinkpad that I got while I was contracted to a company.They never asked for it back.Is there any way for them to track embedded into the laptop it if I swap HDDS and don't run their OS?
Anyone with an X220 got a replacement battery as part of the recall?Which FRUs are affected? 6 cell or 9 cell?
look up used batteries on ebayfind one where the serial is acceptedget a free battery
I got a 9 cell and my existing one was still pretty fresh, KERCHING!I did that for my W510. Didn't find a suitable one yet though.
I spent a bit over 500€ incl. 850 PRO and UltraBase Series 3. It seems the battery model is "42T4940" which ThinkPad Battery 29++ 9 cell. The whole laptop seems pretty much unused and the battery gives me 8-9h of life in semi-idle mode.
It seems like the faulty batteries were Sanyo OEM.Look for batteries with cells made in Japan
My first Thinkpad T410 came today. But its not as advertised in the ebay ad so i will have to return it. Really bugs me. The keyboard really is nice though. Well memed /tpg/.
Has anyone here ever replaced a t-series keyboard? I ruined a couple keys on my t-410 after a coffee explosion and bought a cheap replacement keyboard on Amazon. So far, the new keyboard has been more problematic than the last mute/caps/microphone lights won't turn on, an even greater number of keys do not work. I think I got a crap replacement since the packaging was poor and the price I paid was far below any other replacement on Amazon only paid $10. Any advice /g/entlemen?
Companies buy them by the boatload and dump them after their ~3 year lease is up. The **2* is now starting to get really cheap, hell there's a t420 for $85 buy it now on ebay here in the 'merica.
have thinkpad t430slasted me yearsdropped it tripping over cordslike 4ft+ drophardnow won't go past boothow fucked?
Because CPU doesn't matter, storage device does.There is SSHD inside, its upposed to be "best of both worlds!" I swapped old hard drive for SSD on my dads 8 year old Dell, installed Mint and it fucking flies. HDD never again, in any form.Because you should be trackpoint master race, and the T440's trackpoint sucks any way so it sux2buI disabled touchpad right away for movement but it sucks for clicking. I tried new 50 series and physical buttons are based. Basically I got the worst generation of ThinkpadsBecause not all Thinkpads are IPS, some are still 768p TNIts a 900p display, looks like IPS to me, still shitty in color renditionchinksI agree they suckBecause your work has backdoors and keyloggers, good guy.This is my sentiment as well.
Okay. Don't have much more work to put into this X220T, but it has some things I was wondering if there is a fix for.1 So my SD card slot doesn't eject SD cards when I push on it. I'm gonna open it up and take a look either tomorrow or the next day, but any ideas?2 The little hatch on my express card slot won't stay up. Is there like a cover or something I can get for it, or maybe a better fix? I just don't wanna get dust in it.3 How easy would it be to add a webcam if I ever find a need for it? Mine didn't come with one, but I might consider adding it since I kinda wanna replace the back cover.Cheers, /g/
Try Latitude 7250 or ThinkPad X250. Even HP has some 12inchers in pro league I think.Very portable, good quality, very expensive though.
you need to hook it up to the PCIE bus, which means no USBboth thunderbolt and expresscard are basically PCIE, but thunderbolt is going to be more expensive
genuine ones are going to be around $50 as far as I know
Bummer.  What was wrong with it?
Was advertised as WXGA+ i5 M560 and german keyboard layout im german. Its only WXGA and M520 with some other qwertz language layout that doesnt fit ÄÖÜ etc. Really disappointed. Well guess it was too good to be true at 159€.
Some sellers are just shit.  Good luck finding a replacement, anon.
Will it load the OS at all? If not, then my educated guess would be that your hard drive is fucked or unseated. Turn it on, listen for a whir near the hard drive. If there isn't a whir, or if you hear a repetitive clicking sound, then chances are the HDD is boned. Take out the hard drive and put it back in then test again. If still doesn't work after that, look into a new hard drive.
I had T420 before and i was really happy with it.It was pretty much perfect except i needed something smaller now so i got myself an X220, i expected it to be just as good.My god, what did they do to trackpad in this thing? How could they fuck it up any worse?When i try to left click it randomly either does nothing or cursor just flies away. There is no real distinction if im presing the button yet or still on the pad so its never acurate.Is it possible to replace trackpad in X220 to a diffrent one? like, could i get the one from X201 or something like that since it looks like they didnt fuck it up yet?
TrackpadAs a X220 hard user, start using the trackpoint. It'll make your experience infinitely better.
I am using trackpoint often and i know its great, that doesnt make trackpad any better tho.
But in the years I've had this thing, I've probably used the touchpad for a total of a minute or two. Seriously, just disable it and be better off.
B-but touchpad on T420 is pretty good since it has phisical buttons and i like like to use it when im not typing all that much.
fuck im so angry i cannot into grammar anymore
I'm leaned back on my couch right now browsing the internet on my X220, the touchpad doesn't come close to the trackpoint for casual use like this either.
My Asus x53s from 2011 is frequently playing csgo, lol, hearthstone, and I used to play bf3 on it in lower settings and it does that just fine. The i7 quad core 2670qm allows me to run eclipse, chrome with 25 tabs, Ms office, Adobe acrobat smoothly at once while having games opened in the background. Btw I dropped it once in a wooden floor from 1m height and it survived well one corner is slightly bent now but nearly not noticeable. I ordered my new t450s with sshd + m.2 ssd 256gb, ips full HD screen, 12 GB ram, only internal gpu,... a few days ago. I hope that the performance drop from 2011 i7 to 2015 i5 won't be as huge as benchmarks suggest, but I will welcome the battery life
X220 Tablet anon here. Finally got Windows 8.1 jiving well on it. Glorious SSD, got the screw thing fixed up. Only a few chores left and this thing should take care of me for a while. The 9 cell chink battery I got has made  the laptop unlevel though, so I gotta figure out how to fix it. It is missing the rubber stop on the front left corner, but I don't think that's the main issue. Would anybody happen to know where I can get one of those little rubber stops though?
I know you guys hate the new thinkpads but is $550 a good price for a x240. i51366x7684gb ram500gb hdd
Damn these are some comfy temperatures. My desktop doesn't even run this cool right now.HIGHLY recommend swapping heat paste if you have poor temperatures.
I tell from the way you write that you will fail miserably.There is no plug and play option, lurk moar, git gud, google.
Nah first result I saw on ebay was less than that. I mean, I would ask yourself if you really NEED a newer thinkpad. I just got my x220 and it does everything I need it to for a fraction of the price. You shouldn't expect to do a lot of things on an x series laptop, so I don't really see the benefit of buying new.Also it has that piss awful trackpad with no buttons, so that is definitely worth avoiding.
how are x220 tablets?
1366x768
They are /okay/I have one. I like it because the screen is guaranteed to be IPS, and in my experience, the material between the screen is thicker and more solid.I don't care for the bezel however, and the battery sticking out doesn't do it any favors. Otherwise, just an x220.As for the tablet feature, it certainly isn't that accurate. Wacom tech has gotten a lot better since the X220 came out. So, you can still do some nice things with it, but since the resolution is mediocre and the pen isn't too accurate, I wouldn't recommend it for any serious artists. if you just wanna do some doodles or scratch writing maybe even notes, will report back when I start my next semester in a few months it is more than capable however. It is a lot of fun to use.
I was thinking for drawing and shitposting, also anything after 20's have that macbook keyboard right?
specs are everythingliterally any entry-level acer from 4 years ago can have those specs tooand you can get those for half the price of that X250what's your point
Right, but honestly it isn't that bad. I don't hate it, I just really hate the layout of it is all. X230 might have a better and more accurate screen as far as the Wacom goes although I wouldn't know.Yeah, just for that though it would be fine. As long as you aren't embarking on a super serious art project, you should be okay.
Anybody want to buy two 90s Thinkpads?
Can we ask about Dell Latitudes as well ITT?
Yes.  I have a few so maybe I can help.  But my best advice would be "sell it and get a Precision".
kek. Wrong thread, Newtype.
Ok, there's a local listing for a E6500 at $60. Specs are core 2 duo at 2.53 GHz and 148 GB drive. It has windows 7 installed but I'm planning on installing a Linux distro on it. Is it a good/great deal?
Yes, that's a decent laptop and the price is good.  I would buy it if I had the opportunity and the need of one.
Alright, thanks for the reassurance!
Wow, you're idling at a whole 10C lower than my X220 with the same CPU. The laptop itself doesn't feel warm to me, but lower temps are always desirable.How difficult was it to replace the thermal paste?
What do you use it for?
Not necessarily difficult, but definitely time consuming. The only way to access the heat sing is to remove the entire motherboard.Otherwise if you are better that keeping track of parts compared to I am, it isn't difficult. I used Arctic Silver 5, so I should get a few more degrees down as it cures. Mine easily hit 50-60 while browsing the net now it stays around 45 at the most so far.Definitely worth it. Gonna do
i guess i should replace my paste since my x220 idles ~55c and load ~95c at 21c ambient.
Gonna do it to my dad's T520 soon since the heat sink is easier to access and his needs it more than mine does. I recommend the spread method fyi. For mobile CPU's, I guess full thermal paste coverage is preferred.
Word of advice: TAKE A FUCKING PICTURE OF THE WIRES BEFORE YOU TAKE IT APART JESUS CHRIST. If you don't put them back in right, then you have a lot of excess wiring and it is messy. Just trust me.
MXM GPU?
What's the consensus on the 11e?
how different are the x220 and x220t?
One is a convertible tablet, the other isn't.
thanks /tpg/
Looks retardedly easyBut it would kill compatibility with the other thinkpad chargers
Nothing much more a backup laptop.Yea, Nvidia Quadro FX 1600M with 512MB
You better do it! That's a great deal.
What would be a good ThinkPad that I could use for programming and educating myself with? Also, I plan to install Linux on there don't know which one yet. That's the point of this laptop.
T60
How are the new 11e series Thinkpads?
Any of them. They all work.
They're super portable and quite useful, especially the Yoga 11e. It's probably not worth buying new when you're not a businessman.
I'm looking for a new laptop, for portable office applications excel, outlook, chrome browsing & general programming following IT studies.What is /g/'s opinion on following laptop, bought refurbished?- T420s- i5 2540m- 4GB ram DDR 3- 130 SSDthis would cost me € 400. I'll add in an extra 4GB ram and maybe a new SSD.My plan is to use this as main workstation, with a docking station I'll enjoy a better screen when at home.My main concern is the battery life though.So /g/, is this build still powerful enough for current standards? Can I somehow get better battery life?
T60, T61, X60, X61, X200, T400, X201, T410Any of those will likely be cheap enough to be considered a "throwaway" for learning purposes.
If I'm using an x61s now, what would be the next logical upgrade, a x220? The x61s is fine for most things, but javascript loaded pages are starting to take a toll on it.
Buy the one I am selling for $370Much better than the X130, not as powerful as the X230.Although the keyboard is chicklet, its not that bad. It shares the keyboard layout from the X130 and what sucks about that machine is that the keyboard is moved slightly closer to you which gives you a smaller palmrest, awkward to type on.If this had a trackpoint, it would of been an awesome fucking laptop, but the touchpad is kinda awkward, but at least its not a fuckfest like the T440.
How about the build quality/keyboard?
The keyboard types very well, just like every Lenovo keyboard. The build quality is fine. Lenovo has significant experience in delivering laptops to high school students and they've learned a few things about this experience.
Price checkX220 tableti7 2640m8gb320gb hdd9 cell325$I know the i7 doesn't offer much performance over the i5 but that usb3 port is tempting. Would futureproof it that much more. I have a t520 that I'll swll
Doesn't the i7 have cooling issues?
Does it? I also figures the igpu would play civ4 better than my t520 i5.
For laptops yes. Honestly for that price I'd get it anyway so I don't have to get RAM or a better battery. My X220 wasn't as highly specced and due to the jewish 2nd hand market of my country I had to overpay a bit [spoiler]and it doesn't even have the IPS screen[/spoiler]
i got a x200 tablet and when i turn the system off the battery indicator led still lit up.  Is there a way to fix this instead of pulling the battery and shove it back in to turn it off?  help please anons.
Do you guys think that the latest thinkpads with the old keyboard big delete key, blue enter, etc.. will become cheaper and cheaper or will they become a "museum" thing and become expensive instead?
As long as hipsters don't suddenly start liking thinkpads, they'll probably steadily get cheaper.
Just bought T420S and I'm loving it. I'd like to try Linux, is it possible to dual boot Windows 7 and Ubuntu?
/g/sqt/Yes.  Boot to Ubuntu CD/DVD and during the install it will detect your Windows installation and install the GRUB bootloader, which means you'll have a choice during boot which OS you want to load.  Ubuntu will probably be the default, so use google-fu to edit GRUB to change that if it annoys you.  It's not hard.Select steak, nigga.
Just finished doing a carbon fiber di-noc wrap on my t420, took fucking forever

gay!
those flowers are blue
My wife chose the tablecloth, apologies if it offends you. I hate it too.
What's the point if it's not actually carbon fiber?
being a tablecloth cuck
high speed, low dragadds 15HPtake your pick
How's Linux support on newer thinkpads? Just picked up a yoga and curious if the touch screen will work out of the box
What would you do with a dead t420? Doesn't turn on or bip, so dead mobo, not sure if I should replace it n-and try to sell it/keep it. I have a t430 now.Also another question: is 4000 rpm an ok speed for fans when cpu is 50°? It's pretty noisy but I'm not sure if I should reduce it or not
Did you try the button trick?If it was me, I'd get a mobo, repair, and sell.
is there a nice ultrabay icon anywhere? I'd like one to show up for the HDD in the ultrabay when I mount it
Any ideas where to look for reasonable priced RAM for X220? Europe prices are killing me no matter where I look, so I'm in the verge of importhing from somewhere else if possible without taxes. Also I hear there's a legend X220 can support a higher MHz RAM with an older BIOS, but wouldn't it still run it as 1333MHz?
You can find cheap used RAM on Ebay, although there is a bit of risk to it. I've never done it and wouldn't do it.As for supporting higher than 1333 MHz RAM, yes. It shouldn't matter what BIOS version it is. It is limited by the chipset. As long as you don't use some no-name RAM, then it will also underclock properly with no issues.I have 1600 MHz RAM in my X220, but it automatically clocks to 1333 MHz because that is the fastest speed that the CPU supports.
Thanks for the fast answer, I'll take your advice and try to find RAM somewhere else. Ah, so it's the CPU, it's interesting because there's no much information about that thing at all.
Intel has plenty of information on their CPU'sspecifically mentions the max RAM is 16GB and 1333MHz speed
I changed the old thermal paste and clean the fan of my t420s and it still runs hot. What do /tpg/?
Do T430 models accept 1866MHz RAM? Can the IGP benefit from faster RAM?
How come Speccy reports it as running at 800mhz, then?
multiply it by 2
not linking to the installgentoo wiki as well
Hi /g/I didn't know this general existed, but I just got a T450s so I thought it was a funny coincidence. I really don't know anything about laptops, but I haven't had any problems with it so far. I don't see anything about the model on the wiki, but it's cool that a single franchise ? can have a following like this. Must be nice.
it's /g/'s reaction to apple fanboysthey act in the same way and use the same shill/pressure techniques as applefags since apple is too popular for /g/ they picked the thinkpad instead
I'm sorry but the T450s is not part of the hype anymore.Thinkpad died after T420/X220Chinks ruined it
Yeah, I know that. Shouldn't it report 667 if it's being forcibly clocked to 1333?
What happened?I'm under the impression that thinkpad is still very popular in the business world, but I could be a few years behind.
I'm about to buy a x220 i7 8GB with SSD.Will it be able to run windows 8.1 + office suite excel, outlook et 2013 without a breeze?Also when docked and having to serve a larger resolution?I can't compromise on speed for productivity, the specs sound good but it's hard to believe for such a low price € 250 you can get so much..
Maybe it's not forced 1333 then
What thinkpad do you recommend? I can spend $150 and am gonna use it for Linux obviously, watching movies, and surfing the web.
Hey guys, I'm getting ready to buy a Thinkpad T420 but I have a few questions. 1 Do these have a speed boost over the stock HD or should I just spend the extra money on a full on SSD?2 I've heard people say max RAM is either 8GB or 16GB on the T420. What is it? Thanks guys.
Nope, it died with the T440/W540/X240 series
GUYS and girls if applicable I just got that T420 that dude was selling 70 of...Holy fuck it's in mint condition, apart from the HD screen, it's nearly brand new for $129
What the screen res did you get?
linky dinky?
where at?
Like  I also have a thinkpad that runs hot, already tried various fixes. Should I just buy a new fan?
going to college this fallill be selling my macbook airill either get a retina pro or a carbon thinkpad, convince me in either direction please
Thinkpad for the keyboard, if you actually need it for typing at all in school, it'll be a way better experience.
I'm looking for a thin, macbook pro like size and thickness thinkpad. What would you guys suggest under $1600 CAD?Need: Long battery life1920 x 1080
x1 carbon
I've heard that the x-series of thinkpads aren't as up to snuff as the rest, and I'm about to come into some money in a week or so and was planning on getting an x201t for drawing because of the Wacom digitizer and note typing. Is the build quality really that much different than the rest? And that hinge looks odd, ate there any problems that may come with it?And as far as the specs of the thing goes, Photoshop is the most intense thing I'd do on it, I don't mind the extra bulk, 5+pounds of extra weight should be easily manageable for anyone who isn't a sub-manlet, and as far as aesthetics go, I kinda like the genetic flat like of it. It doesn't stand out.TL;DR: Are there any quality issues of the x-series of thinkpads that stand out? Especially the tablet series?
Yes you should get an SSD. SSHD's are just dumb and pointless.Max RAM depends on the CPU. Look up the CPU on Intel's website.
No, the X-series tablets are fine.
tfw
it's used and old so the battery life isn't good.
I have the x61T and I would say the best thing you can use it for is sketching in something like Paint Brush SAI since it's a pretty light weight program. I would highly suggest you also buy a Fujitsu Lifebook pen since there's barely any sensitivity on the stock pen.
glued onto the laptop itselfnot just getting a female and male plug, some wire, and putting together a breakaway cablehave fun not using that with bases/replicators/etc
what do the docks do?
for the x201 at least it adds a optical drive which can be nice
whoops ignore the name
There are official replacement batteries you can nab up.
looking for a chinkpad on /tpg/Might as well get a rMBP at that budget, but  is your best bet, but make sure it's the 3rd gen model since it unfucked the shitty features of the previous models
I'm interested in a tablet too. I tried an older HP tablet tx2000 with a resistive screen and hated how the pen would constantly be juuuuust a bit miscalibrated. How much nicer are these, and what's the best one I can get for around $100? I'd be interested in Dells and HPs too. Not the Latitude XT, I already ruled that out due to the stupid hard drive interface.
X250 vs X1 Carbon?The keyboard flex on the X250 is astronomical, and that's one thing I'm guessing the X1C won't have since there's nowhere for the flex to go.Battery life is probably a lot better on the X250, though.
Pricecheck, please?x220i5-2540M IPS display8GB PC3-10600 DDR3500 GB Hard DriveFingerprint, Camera, TouchpadWifi  Intel Centrino Advanced-N 6205 9 Cell 44++ Battery new, few months oldUltrabase Series 3 with Disk DriveAlso comes with ultrabase charger.I can get it for $350 maybe. Should I take it?
What's the best replacement battery I can get for a t520?
So I'm planning on getting a 1080p or WUXGA monitor for college, since it doesn't look like many 1080p monitors have a displayport option. The thing is, will my x220's HD3000 be able to handle it's screen as well as the monitor?I don't plan on gaming besides emulators and whatnot.
An official one that's newly manufactured.
I hope you realize, you can just get any HDMI or DVI monitor.
the x220 only has a displayport and a vga port
Question: Does the X220 have a RAM whitelist or something like that?Because when I look, it's like 30€ for 4GB RAM, so that doesn't really seem overpriced.
Are higher-resolution screens possible with the x200 tablet?
So My $130 T420 came in from that Ebay lot sale and I'm having an issue getting the wireless adapter working.I'm going to try and search for drivers with the ThinkPad Update utility, but not sure I'll find muchSuggestions?
First things first - make sure the hardware switch on the front isn't turned off and the wireless adapter is enabled in BIOS.
Displayport, dumbass. Do you know how it works?
Can someone clarify if all x220 tablets are multi touch as well as pen as long as they dont have a glass screen? Or am I being retarded?
uh.no.never used it.
T420's switch is on the side by the DriveI just said fuck it and got a cracked version of Driver genius to use.Worked like a charm. Best $130 I've spent, Now I'll need a charger
Can anyone with an X220T tell me how good they are or not for drawing in Photoshop? Is it a good choice for artwork related stuff?Currently I use a 4th gen iPad and the Procreate app for drawing, but I'd rather not piss away more money for a new iPad, so I thought the X220T might be a good alternative.
I'm sure that the jump from a core2 duo to an early i5 would be enough for what I want. I'd also be adding a 128gb ssd.The programs that is specifically be running on it would be sai, Photoshop, krita, and manga studio.
Not that guy, but just don't fuck yourself and get an x201t with a low-voltage processor.  Otherwise it's not that much better than an x61t.
Convince me not to get an elitebook 2730p instead of an x200 tabletsame specscheaperuses a 1.8" sata drive, but could just use a msata adapter
Good to keep in mind, thanks. I'm sure it'll be fine so long as it's not an LV, because a teacher gave me an old dell latitude, you know the silver and black ones that came with windows XP that every school had.It could run what i wanted it to, like basic Photoshop and sai just fine. The mobo went out with a fizzle and a pop and was the end of that. That was about 2 years ago and haven't had a laptop since due to the fact that most of my mobile researching and entertainment could be done on a phone.pic related, like the one I had
Is this guy retarded
Specs?
400gb ssdNo
720pIts gone, within 48 hoursJust get a converter cable they are cheapOr base your laptop purchase from not getting one, the choice is yours.
, 
that feel when you just switched from standard DDR3 1066MHz RAM sticks to DDR3L 1600MHz ones.I just got additional half hour of battery life, 10 FPS more in bf3 and much lower temps. Thanks Kingston!
/v/
/g/ stands for /g/aming you retarded negroidbe a newfag somewhere else, summer cancer
8 sockets, 20 cores eachI want one despite the fact that nothing I do needs even ten percent of that.
what does that "heat map" graph mean?  16 threads horizontally and something else vertically? cpu load on a timeline or something?
current load of each thread
How did you get an 8p board that doesnt cost millions?
Greetings!A very small GPU update, while we wait for AMD's response.Comments, suggestions, and criticisms welcome!
Looks ok, but the 970 should be removed.Nvidia should be fucking boycotted for pulling crap like that. The only reason they can get away with it, is because AMD offers no competition.
While I will not buy the 970 for ethical reasons, it is important not to let your personal feelings/beliefs take over. The guide stays neutral, and the reader gets to decide.
More feedback, please!
Isn't the 295x2 generally a better deal than 2 290xs?
Please update the Firefox guide. Replace AdBlock Plus with uBlock.Add uMatrix.Replace Request Policy with Request Policy continued.Fix the userscripts links.Remove/replace 4chan X links with actual working builds like ccd0Replace Firefox Aurora with Firefox Developer Edition.
Dual GPU cards have too many problems. At least with a "two card" setup, you can disable or remove one card.But yes, the 295x2 can often be had for cheaper than 290X x2.
Buying a Titan is just embarrassing.
I apologize, but we only host the Firefox guide, we do not maintain it. I have emailed the guy who does maintain it, but he has not replied to my emails in over a year.
kill yourself, kikebuy ad space so i can block it.
buy ad space so i can block it.I did, on /mlp/.
If the game doesn't support Crossfire, doesn't it just ignore the second GPU?
Yeah noNice meme thoAlso add 295x, neither GPU is cut Down, so its a great value.
The R9 290 is directly competing with the 970.
UPDATE YOUR FUCKING SILENT CASES already!!!!!!!!!!!Define R4 is LONG outdated and MORE fucking expensive than the Define R5The Define R5 is pretty much across the board the best fucking case to buy right now, and it's not even on the site when it really should be representing the silent PC option via the main list, in my opinion. SERIOUSLY
I'm going to update it for the hell of it and then email you when I'm done.
You need to link to a better Sapphire 290x. Specifically, the New Edition tri-X OC 290x, which is not only one of the cheapest, but one of the very best 290x cards, and it's been available for $280 for quite a long time. In my opinion, the best overall high-end card to buy right now. now, you're linking to a sub-par page for an older and more expensive sapphire 290x model
The 980 x2 is $400 more expensive then the 290x x2, why remove the 290x instead of simply adding the TI's as 3rd option?And you liked the Ti's so much that you had to suggest them twice on two different categories?
I bought a 970 — an MSI 4G 970, by all accounts reputable — And very honestly, I recommend taking them off the list, or at least putting them above the 290x, with some additional warnings. Putting them below the 290x, on such a guide, as they are now, implies they are more expensive and better than a 290x, somehow closer to the extreme end, which they are not. I sold my 970 for the 290x linked in this post  and I couldn't be happier. The 3.5gb problem is a serious issue. The coil whine reports are more than I've seen for any other card, and I experienced coil whine myself. The 970 offers less performance for more money, and has no significant advantages. The new edition tri-x oc 290X runs just as cool, and just as quiet, while being more powerful, coming with a UEFI switch, etc. The 970 CANNOT be listed as having good price to performance, not in the face of its competition, and not in the face of the revelation that you're paying ~$340 for a 3.5gb card, which is outrageous. And why does your site list the 970 at $305? It is almost always around the $340 mark, including in your very own link, while one of the top 290X models, a better card, has been consistently $280 for a very long time, and has never been linked to. I feel as though your site is misrepresenting the options out there. Now I'm not calling you a shill or anything, I appreciate and love your site quite a lot, but I've had these concerns for a very long time, and they lead me to believe you may be inexperienced with the sorts of parts you're recommending and the varieties of parts which exist out there. The Define R5 is a great example of this. How have you not listed such a popular, reputable, affordable case yet, while you consistently list its most likely out of production, inferior, more expensive predecessor? Don't even get me started on how you STILL tout the 212 EVO so energetically when, in its price range, it has been long beaten
no critiques here.just wanted to say youre doing gods work falcon. steering both veterans and noobs in the right direction in a reliable and trustworthy way.so thanks.
Is there really a reason for dual Titan Xs when OC'd non-reference 980tis are probably going to perform as well or better anyway?
while we wait for the falcon's response more like. he's taking some serious heat.
Why not at least list the 295X2 as an option and give an explanation about  ?Can you adjust the prices of the 290X and 970 to match what they actually are normally today?Why not give more detail about how jarring the 3.5 issue on the 970 is? f.e., stuttering problems, coil whineI know the market is very volatile right now, but could we eventually get an update on the monitors guide?
You might want to add a footnote to the Dell U2414H in the monitor guide that the U2415 is basically the same monitor but 16:10 and can sometimes be found cheaper than the 16:9 model.
Was taking care of the baby actual infant, not a joke. Will go through all responses starting from 
Ok, adding it now. Updating the HTML takes a bit longer than updating the table recommendations, so please hold on.If this is The Fox, then PLEASE UPDATE and respond to me emails :
I'm not The Fox I'm just some anon who decided that an updated guide would be a good thing.
Were we working on a Fan guide a while ago?
Keep it up falcom 3
Even better most modern games will ask. Old ones will use whatever is in slot 0
Done. Thanks!I am not a perfect human being, which is why I always ask for feedback. Alone, I will never be able to catch every bit of news that I need to read. But if you suggest something, I am always ready to listen. The Define R5 should have replaced the R4 by now. Would you like to point me to some 212-alternative HSFs so I can read some reviews?
It is for those who want to throw some $$$ away. That is the point of that tier.290X and 970 prices adjusted. Updates should be live in a few minutes. I will also do a full price update for the USA table next week.The 3.5GB issue is not something that I can explain in a small pop-up. I already note that the 970 has 3.5GB, and not 4GB, and that should be enough. Also, coil whine caused by 3.5GB? I have not heard of this. Since when does VRAM contribute to coil whine?All the peripherals need an update. I am struggling to find the time to update this, but I promise that it will be done.
The vram doesn't cause the coil whine but a lot of the 970's at launch had pretty bad coil whine, I'm not sure if that was just a bad shipment or if it's a persistent problem.
I hear you. I'm sorry, you're right. I don't think the coil whine is a VRAM issue either, but it does seem to be a common issue in the card. I'm not sure if it's significant enough to be worth noting though.I hear you on the limited space in the box though. Maybe it'd be worth including a section down below with a brief paragraph or two about the 3.5 Gb issue? Just an idea.Thanks again for making the guide, it was really helpful to me when I built my first desktop.
Looks good to me, Mr hawk
Excellent. I think you're doing a wonderful job and helping a lot of people.The Scythe Kotetsu seems to be the king right now. Here's a detailed review.a link to it.put it short, it's a great cooler that wasn't available in America until recently. It's 4-8db quieter than the 212 EVO, has a much higher quality fan, and of course returns lower temperatures. It is a LITTLE more expensive than the $32-$35 price range of the EVO, $41 specifically, but it's well worth the few extra dollars. The 212 EVOis aging, but still worth looking at, however, because it's been on sale pretty often recently over at OutletPC. They usually have a $10 rebate on them, bringing them down to $26-$27. I'd probably still get the Kotetsu for overall quality, but that's something to consider. Probably not relevant to the guide, but just so you know.
GTX 980 Ti x2 $1300GTX Titan X x2 $2000wouldn't 980 Ti x3 at ~$2050 be a better deal? obviously tri SLI is very dumb, but then again so would buying a Titan X over a 980 Ti
criticisms welcomeYou're a fucking kike and you need to stop shilling your shitty guide on /g/. Fucking kill yourself.
I will read reviews of recently released models, and if there are still reports of coil whine, I will add it to the popup. Thanks!Reading the review. Any other alternatives? The Kotetsu is listed as "$50 normal price", so it is not a really an alternative if the price goes back to $50 when the 212 can often be had for ~$30.
You're a beautiful man, Falcon, and you've created something more important, indifferent, respected and frequently consulted in the realm of modern PC building than I think you appreciate. Keep it up. You're great.
Let me update the popup description to mention that it is inferior to the 980 Ti when it comes to performance/price. But tri-SLI or tri-CF is not something to be recommended, until the scaling for 3 GPUs is much better than it is now.
Just need to update the userscript links and then I will email you with the updated version.
Seconded.
The Kotetsu is listed as "$50 normal price"I see it listed as $35 MSRP and it's been $41 on amazon as long as I remember it being for sale at all. I've never seen it above $41, it's been stable at that price for months, as far as I've seen.
Alright. There may be room for it along with the slightly more expensive Cryorig. At least I can add it to the HSF table in the dropdown below! Thanks!
camelcamelcamel will have the full price history if you need to double check anything on amazon
Suggestions?
Is there a reason the fx-8350 isn't on the guide?
Lol good idea, let's boycott one of the two asshole corporations in a locked down duopoly.This is how you as a consumer fuck yourself.
do you think it's dumb to buy a 290/290x right now? I kinda want a new card 560 ti here, but I've gone this long, I should just wait till 3XX right?
yup, after 300 series the 290 price will drop and you might see a better card
but won't they just be a rebrand? regardless, prices won't go up, but still
after 300 series the 290 price will dropMAYBEAs has already been said in the thread, one of the best 290Xs is already on sale for $280. There's nothing stupid about a steal like that, and I doubt we'll see any good models go cheaper even there is a price drop.
Falcon, I have to seriously chide against putting a dual 290 in there as a serious suggestion. Dual card setups aren't value efficient at all- they're less value efficient than just getting a higher end card.Anyone considering a dual 290 should shoot themselves in the head.Now, dual 290X isn't as dumb, but you should be going for a single 980 or 980Ti.The titan is the exception though, you shouldn't upgrade to that, dual 980Ti is okay.Also remove dual 980 now that the 980Ti is out.The golden rule of multi card setups is that you should never multicard anything other than the highest end card. The reason for this is that the returns are so pathetic, the support so horrible, the latency increase so bad that you're no better off than with one card in enough situations- it's only when you're sitting around jerking off to frames per second that it matters.When you're considering frame latency and more importantly- what the frames actually are- they turn into worthless pieces of crap very fast.That is if the game you're playing even supports dual cards.
but won't they just be a rebrandwho cares? if they benchmark higher they benchmark highermakes sense that the next generation would beat the price/performance of the previous, doesn't it?
the performance yes, the price/performance, not necessarily
Thoughts on getting a single 290x right now?
if the price performance isn't better across the board, won't people just buy the previous generation for all price levels except the single best? but I don't know, we we'll see
Because the 8350 is just a factory overclocked 8320. Also, at that price point, you're better off going for the i5 setup.
Used your guide a long time ago to build my current rig. No comments other than keep it up.
If you need a GPU immediately the 290x is the best value you can possibly get right now aside from buying used. Go for it.
Why not the 980?
because it's 500 for 5% better framerates?
Where do I fit?Missing InfoCase: Silverstone FT02PSU: Silverstone X850
That's like 8% more frames than a good 290x for around twice the price. Not a good value to say the least.
Ops, Seasonic X850, not Silverstone X850.
i5-3570k
the 5675C and 5775C too
Why does it seem like so few people buy them in comparison? Looking at Newegg, for instance: I couldn't even find a 290x with more than 100 reviews much less one that had a perfect 5 eggs. Also, isn't the preferred manufacturer Sapphire for the cooling system? I think buying EVGA isn't a bad idea for the 980 if you ever decide to use their step up program.I am all ears, though. Convince me otherwise because it would be nice to save $200.
What is the Q6600, i5-760, i5-2500k and i5-3570k of this gen of Intel processors? I built a PC when these came out and it was always suggested for being good price:performance.Basically I want to upgrade, but I don't want to get a piece of shit, but I also don't need something heinously powerful.
And if I could turn this into a suggestion, perhaps have a "item history" option? Maybe people could compare June 2015 logical increments to June 2014 logical increments, so they can find equivalent price:performance in a potential upgrade?
I am waiting for the parts to my new rig to arrive in the mail atm; and I've gotta say, your guide took so much stress out of the process. I didn't take it as law, but it was an excellent starting point, and showed me all the places to look. Thank you, The Falcon
STILL tout the 212 EVO so energetically when, in its price range, it has been long beatenby what unit? I was going to buy an evo but if there's a better one I'd like to know
read the thread
As always, since we do not have an officially confirmed launch date, officially confirmed benchmarks, or officially confirmed prices, no one can make a "100% certain" statement.But everything points to an AMD launch of new cards in 1-2 weeks, max. If you have no urgent need for a new card, it would be worth it to wait.
The golden rule of multi card setups is that you should never multicard anything other than the highest end card.That is not the golden rule. You should only consider multi-GPU setups when the benefits outweigh the cons of a similarly priced single-GPU card. There are two tiers where both a single GPU card and a dual-card configuration are recommended. In both cases, the dual GPU setup offers a lot more performance while being in the same price bracket.
Nearly identical performance, much MUCH better iGPU, much higher price.Sadly, not a good purchase for the tiers they would go in, as you would be paying more for an iGPU that you will not use.Probably the i5 4690K.
Why is AMD comprised of such massive cucks?
How many of you actually use Gentoo?
No one here knows how to gentooIt's all arch fags here
Gentoo went to shit long ago when its devs said "fuck quality control" and computers became powerful enough where you got zero gains from CFLAGS/removing dependencies via USE.
i do
lots of arch fags here have tried gentoo though
Install Ubuntu
I ran gentoo for several months. I actually loved it, much moreso than Arch. It really felt like it was my system, that nothing was on there that I didn't put on there.I spent a couple of weeks away from the system, and ran a full upgrade when I got back. Shit went into dependency hell and everything broke. I'd love to go back to it but I can't be dealing with shit like that happening.Went back to arch. Fairly happy with it but still miss portage.
Fuck off, reinstall gentoo or get off /g/, we don't want you here
I've tried it but I fucked up the installation and my entire file system was read only
I do.
looks like oldfags have left /g/
, 
Why do so many people on this board still use Windows? If playing video games is your reason, then you don't belong here.
Doesn't matter. We do everything in a browser. /thread
/threading your own post
Games and familiarity, haven't been presented with compelling enough reason to switch
/g/ is PC /v/
Rekt /thread
If playing video games is your reason, then you don't belong here.Can You elaborate this thought?Do You assume thath:- people play only video games?- they are not using more than one OS?Yes, among people using Windows, there is a "proper" subset of people who are only using this OS for playing video games.But then, why they are disqualified for using /g/ ?
Last time I tried to use linux on my main computer, the package manager crashed as I was trying to install a decent media player
I'm using it because the 13" screen of my MBP is not big enough when working at home and using the MBP on an external monitor is kind of meh.I lose a lot of productivity when using a non mac keyboard and a regular mouse vs a mac keyboard and the MBP trackpad on OS X.I might buy one of these stupid keyboards and magic trackpads one day though.
There is board dedicated to video games, and anyone who is mildly enthusiastic about computers and technology will know that Windows in nothing but a proprietary shit pile.
I don't want to infest my free as in freedom GNU/Linux operating system with non free vidya so I use windows as a containment area anon-kun.and no, wine or a VM is not the solution.
Cause I'm too stupid to properly get into loonix. Most of my dev tools are on windows. I'm also a C# dev so...
This board is about technology bro, not your opinions. If it bothers you that much, get whoever is running this place now to create a Linux board for you.
People that don't use GNU/LINUX aren't allowed in our special clubLast I checked this was a TECHNOLOGY board, not a Linux board.
proprietary shit pileshit pileIs that opinion OR fact?I understand the reasoning against "prioprietary". But why shit pile?
Your question has the same answer as, "Why do so many people use apple products?", " Why do so many people pay for media?", and "Why do we need a level 1 helpdesk?" Because most people are dumb, anon.
Why ask why?There is no legitimate answer.
But Loonix is a videogame for neckbeards.
I just haven't bothered to switch. I use a vm for my linux needs anyways.
because I cant afford it
Inferior filesystemRegistry is unintuitive and breaks easilyNSA kernel-level backdoorsRequires re-installation if infected by bad malware
windows is technology. this is a technology board, sir.
it just worksand I'm not trying to hide from the NSA it's impossible anyway
Your approach to handling children shocks me OP.These are just kids you're talking about,they haven't experienced life long enough to see the errors they make.
opinionworks for meyet to be provenuse common sense and this wouldn't have gotten infected
Linux doesn't have all the software I need. Not just games but engineering and development software as well.
nice gif, here's your reply
Ah you're another one of those sheep that follow the /g/ herdhurr proprietary everything
Adobe Photoshop.
Videogames are videogames for neckbeards
The main reason being that I'm not a neckbeard.
Windows and windows maintenance/deployment is where the money is at.In b4 chinese cartoons neet fags.
mfw working as wintel supportThat mediocre dosh.
Last time i tried familiarizing myself with linux, it ended up being more hassle.  I tried connecting to my VPN and it didn't work.  Googled for solutions, couldn't find any.  Opened a support ticket, they couldn't help me either.  Asked on /g/ and was ignored.  Went back to windows and connected immediately. Never again.
More like, that mediocre education, the os is the less of your problems neet friend.
I'm comfortable with that.calling employed as neetWhat?
tfw ~50% of my network engineering class runs GNU/Linux as their main OSFeels good, mayne.
I don't
so do you GNU/Linux wizards hate games in general or non free games that don't respect your freedom?
Windows is the most used os in the world,it can yield great job oppurtunities. You can live like Stallman if you want, being a neet your whole life. Just don't force your autistic lifestyle into others
I don't. I play any Windows game I want in a virtual machine, but at the same time get to enjoy all the good features of *nix.
Steam is on linux now.
Why do so many people on this board still use Windows?Because I've been using it for decades and I like the collection of tools I have.And I run Ubuntu in a VM.  What more could I want?
yet to be proven Kek
Registry is unintuitive and breaks easilyThere's nothing particularly unintuitive about the registry.  It does a complex task, and does so in a consistent manner not counting fuckup retard software that might do stupid things.Personally, for things like software installation, I prefer simple drag-and-drop installation using files for configuration, but whatever.
ITT: Baby Duck Syndrome
If you use Linux or anything like it you're a communist.
Windows has a perfect balance of customization with ease of use. Almost every  program I've downloaded loaded works fine, or takes an extra few minutes to get working, and takes less than a couple seconds to install. With Linux, half the time I have to go through tons of steps and processes just to install a single program. It's taken me sometimes hours just to get one program to install and run properly.Macs have an awful file system. In my c++ class, the 2 people that I knew who were using Macs that they got as a gift from their family installed windows on them and prefer it far more.
opinionNTFS is objectively garbage with objective facts to back this up. NTFS relies on an MFT Along with a copy of it to store ALL your file metadata for the entire disk, so if these structures get corrupted then your data is top tier fucked. There are more reasons why NTFS is crap, but if that alone isn't enough to deter you from using NTFS, then you're an idiot.yet to be provenSee pic related. If that isn't enough proof for you then I don't know what is.
I'm not the guy you're arguing with, but is there really any escape? You use all the normie stuff and the NSA has all your data. You use Tails and other secure things and the NSA puts you on their watch list for hiding something.
RegistryConsistentIf it were consistent, then everything would be a file, rather than some stuff changed via the registry and some stuff controlled by file configurations. In *nix, you have binaries and you have config files. For everything. The registry is in no way consistent in comparison.Windows has a perfect balance of customization with ease of use.You can't customize jack shit in Windows, you retard.With Linux, half the time I have to go through tons of steps and processes just to install a single program. It's taken me sometimes hours just to get one program to install and run properly.Mommy, how do I type sudo apt-get install program or pacman -S program ? It's too hard and takes hours to do.Macs have an awful file system.While this is correct, you likely are spouting this without understanding what this means, as the filesystem your beloved Windows uses, NTFS, is equally garbage.In my c++ class, the 2 people that I knew who were using Macs that they got as a gift from their family installed windows on them and prefer it far more.Nice anecdotes, buddy. Also, nice community college that allows you to program in Windows.
NTFS is interesting. I was reading some of the techinical docs one of the head MS engineers released awhile back. It's not the worst idea, and I like certain parts, but holy hell I can't imagine designing that.
if that isn't proof then I don't know what isunsourced ugly Internet graphs now count as solid proof
NTFS is just better than FAT32, and this is the most it has counting for it.
I need to work with Visual Studio.
Debian? That sounds like debian
This image has been on the internet since the snowden leaks, you should be ashamed of not knowing the source.
 If playing video games is your reason, then you don't belong here.Yeah, people into computers, hardware and devices are never into videogames, you goddamn retard.Also, name something more neckbeard than dward fortress, you autistic piece of dog shit.
- Registry hives are stored as file. The data is represented as tree and is used by registry editors.- The major downside is that Windows does not provide built-in tools for proper maintaining and cleaning registry files.
NTFS isn't a bad idea. The problem is that it was created in 1993 for Windows 3.1, not for the modern computers of today.  Continuing its use in this day and age is much like using Windows XP because "it was good when it came out". There's no reason to keep using it when there are infinitely better filesystems available in 2015. Even M$ could theoretically switch over to a real filesystem that is BSD licensed and be able to incorporate it into their code base.
didn't they move to exFAT recently, though?
exFAT is used for removable storage media. Windows is still using NTFS. exFAT is just an extended FAT32, though, so it's still not a good filesystem.
That's not even /g/ mentality, it's just some idiot speaking nonsense. Real, honest /g/entlemen are usually people who work in the field and know that many different tools exist and are needed for many things or are hobbyists wanting to expand their hobby. Stallman-shilling morons are just a random subset who scream into a vacuum until people start taking them seriously.
can't customize jack shit on windowsyou must be a dumbass if you can't even do that.
Registry hives are stored as file.But why even have this unnecessary complicated abstraction in the first place? In *nix, you just have binaries in your $PATH and user configuration files in your /etc/[programname] for systemwide configuration and ~/.programname for user specific configuration. And it's like that for pretty much every piece of software out there.
Because Linux doesn't have a proper waifu as mascot, only a stupid penguin.
my god, did the NSA really make such ugly slides?
Okay I'll leave just because you say so.Wasted a free captcha on this reply.
Linux doesn't have the programs I like to use.Simple as that.
It's obvious you're just trying to get replies, but I'll humor you. Windows has many applications beyond gaming. Primarily, it serves as a good OS to roll out to large business installations because of volume licensing and the very restrictions that make people switch to Linux. Having a company such as Microsoft in charge of their own software, and responsible for it, takes a gigantic load off of the IT teams in various businesses. If everything ran Linux, you'd have IT teams maintaining their own software and if there's a fuck up it's their ass on the line. With Windows, it's one entity, and every business can function similarly.
yeah, but the whole thing is just he said she said that paranoid conspiracy theorists ate up. Once the source code for windows 7 and on is released I'll believe you.
It's 2015, not 1981. Just so you know.
Can't properly customize partitions because no LVMCan't do advanced filesystem configurations because no FUSECan't natively run shell/lua/perl/python scripts as part of the integrated scripting functions for advanced custom functionalityDoesn't have KVM kernel based emulation for efficiently performing custom functionality within a VM of the most suited platform for whatever functions you are trying to performtop bait
I use Windows to develop for the platform and to develop for Windows Phone. I use windows to play a few games. I use Windows as a host system to virtualize other operating systems.I use OS X for school and research. I use Linux Mint on the workstations in  lab.Each serves a different purpose, and if you can't recognize that different operating systems serve different purposes, you're retarded.
being this newYay, summer. Can't wait until you cunts go back to school.
I use Windows as a host system to virtualize other operating systems.dear god why
Stop whining.If everyone on this board had linux, you'd  make another post asking "Why are so many people using linux now".
Its not even about games linux is just better for the stuff I do. You can code and compile with make Regex lets you find and do parsing fastgit and github just works right you literately have to type one command to set up a serverIts a requirement for all my software development classes
To test software on different platforms. It's easier than having each installed. Windows 8.1 is pretty RAM-hungry when it comes to VM's, so it's not exactly efficient, but I have the hardware to compensate.For the record, I don't get as much done in Windows as  I do in *nix systems. I find the command line in Windows to be terrible; Cygwin is a must. The file system and customization are also deplorable.
I use Windows as a host system to virtualize other operating systems.Each serves a different purpose, and if you can't recognize that different operating systems serve different purposes, you're retarded.You're pretty good at figuring out those purposes.
This is exactly the reason there needs to be a pc games board.  Or a board for freetards.  One way or the other, this board will NOT know peace until there's a containment board for winfags or neckbear fags.
- My reasoning is that someone would want to centralize every configuration stuff into one big pile.- What someone did not realize is, that You end up with scavenging in tree structure, just like You would do the same in filesystem.Funny thing is:- while Windows stores for each user separate NTUSER.dat which corresponds to HKEY_CURRENT_USER- they also implement "Application Data" directory, which will store configuration files for most of the programs aswell- so it will turn out, that for given application You might need to look in BOTH structures independentlyNow this is crazy.
So people can have only one interest and can't visit multiple boards, right?
Its 2015 just use the OS thats preinstalled unless you want to do different shit
What I'm asking is why do you have Windows as the host OS? You can get better performance due to better hardware level emulation in *nix, and then just do the stuff you have to do in Windows in a VM.
It's because each baits each other pointlessly. There is nothing good to be had from threads like this. Nobody is going to read anything in this thread and question their views. It's a waste of time.
God , those linux weebs i swear.You literally don't know what the fuck are you talking about and using linux because it's obscure to normal fags.The only thing linux is objectively superior is that its free , as in if you decide to run a server hosting company you can use linux and not pay for windows server OS.Look mommy everything is a fileNot like its any different for other OS'es , It just tends to be abstracted on more serous OS'es like windows
I've given this some thought, but haven't looked into it. When I got into the PC/tech department, it was for vidya, which led to programming, which led to GNU/Linux. I guess it's because I haven't bothered to reinstall. Is hardware emulation in *nix systems really good enough to run games?
It has git so you can actually work on projects with other people and not fuck things up when you merge code
it's obscure to normal fagsLet us assume that *nix is harder to maintain. But does it disqualify? Next thing You hear, that Windows is obscure, because Mac is simpler.Being lazy is not an excuse. You might find different allegories in other real life situation. So either You learn to use it or pay to use it. But You choose to whine about it.
Implying usage was an argumentImplying i don't know how to use linuxImplying that you even make senseWhatever nigger , to clarify most people use windows , some use mac's , linux is rarely known outside the tech field , so youassuming that you're the same linux weeb use it to be a hipsterdon't deny it:^
The problem is that it was created in 1993 for Windows 3.1I hope you realize that "Windows 3.1" != "Windows NT 3.1".There is an ENORMOUS difference.  NT was pretty damn good technology, right from the get-go.If Longhorn hadn't failed, we'd be running a purely .NET based OS with a relational database filesystem.  Relational models were all the rage in the 90's.  BeOS had one, if I recall correctly ex brother in law worked there, I still have the BeOS-branded Timbuktu courier bag.
Well i guess that's fine , not exactly a linux specific trait , afaik visual studio has the same functionality, could be wrong on that one.Personally i prefer to dev on windows since most of my things are centered around it, makefiles and configs are a bich to fuck around with when you could simply point and click on windows and be done with it.
Playing vidyaif your reason is playing vidya you don't belong hereSuck my dick linux faggot enjoy your shitty freetard garbage
i stay on windows because it's much easier to find warez for it
/v/
we'd be running a purely .NET based OS with a relational database filesystemJust sounds like vaporware retardation. How could then have not known it would fail?
my irc bot that i've been running for 15 years is windows based, so my desktop environment will always be windows
OS X stores some configuration in /etc/ and some in "plists" files
windowsplays video games in spare time Linuxis essentially a video game you work on full time just to make sure it doesn't break
I use linux because i think im l33t with terminal
Dunno.  Why was it suddenly so hard to write a new OS?My guess is that developing a new framework at the same time you're developing a new OS is generally a bad idea.But hey, like I said, BeOS had come out with phenomenal features ahead of most or all others.  I think they had a small team of extremely competent people.Microsoft probably had too much retarded infighting.
implying GNU/Linux has no gamesyou /v/ermin sure are stupid.
There's no reason to keep using it when there are infinitely better filesystems available in 2015Compatibility with drives that are already formatted, and the fact it's a proven FS. Even M$ could theoretically switch over to a real filesystemMS already has ReFS in the wings.
ReFS is inferior to modern file systems used in datacenters like ZFS or BTRFS
I really like visual studio. I use ports of unix utilities I need like grep and awk with the developer command prompt. I don't have to deal with viruses because I am not a retard. And I'm not paranoid about the NSA, so what reason do I have to use linux? It seems like I would be trading all the software compatability I want for the ability to rice my desktop.
linux has gamesAnd windows users have friends.Also enjoy settling for second class citizen status for games, Windows will always have more games and have them first. Devs don't care about loonix users.
BTRFSUnstable. Use XFS or HAMMER instead.
can't change icons without shady dllscustomizableok then.
This. I can't play touhou in linux unless i use a third party software and play in silky smooth 20 fps.
And GNU/Linux is nothing but an open source shitpile. What's your point?
That is correct, FreeBSD master race.
Video games and general media. Used Linux for 2 years and simple shit like mp3/4, Netflix and other forms of media are a pain in the ass. The same process done on one instance in Linux does not guarantee the same results in a second instance. It's inconsistent and inconvenient to do all of the workarounds just to get basic functionality. Yeah, programming on windows blows but that's why you get a Virtual machine running Linux. Or set up a dual boot system. I have a 480gb ssd so space and boot times are pretty much irrelevant. Tl;Dr Linux is inconvenient as fuck for every day use and I don't spend 18 hours a day coding.
mp3/4Nigga, what? ffmpeg, mpv, vlc, mplayer...NetfilxCancer.Other forms of mediaLike what. faggot? I have never had any trouble with media files, in fact, Windows is much more troublesome in this regard.It's inconsistent and inconvenient to do all of the workarounds just to get basic functionality. It's consistent and convenient, you're just too fucking dumb to configure it properly. Advanced functionality OOTB with most distros these days.
using a host OS at allnot virtualizing on a hypervisorNigger, what the fuck are you even doing.
right. you mean the shitty AAA DLC ridden games you /v/ermin complain about daily?
Maybe Microsoft could use ReiserFS and make a killing on the filesystem market.
jej
I use Windows to play video games. That's the only thing it's good for. For everything else, there's Linux
Winfags and Applefags don't belong on /g/Neither does smartphone faggots
Also enjoy settling for second class citizen status for gamesI want to play The Last of Us on my Windows PC.  How do I do that?I want to play Grand Tourismo on my Windows PC.  How do I do that?etc.
This. Games are for consoles.
Wrong.  Both of you are wrong.Non-PC gamers aren't second class citizens, and games aren't "for consoles".This kind of bullshit tautological spewing needs to stop.For some things, PC gaming is great.  For other things, console gaming is great.  Stop with the retarded, spittle-splattering infighting and insulting of each other.Seriously, this board represents everything that's wrong with technology.  A bunch of autistic, butthurt faggots talking shit about each other over completely subjective preference.fucking faggot, stop wearing blueblue is weak.  Red Masterrace.Retards.
Welcome to 4chan, don't enjoy your stay.
Adobe Creative Cloud
I used your ganoo plus loonix maymay os for two years back in 2011-12, I'm gonna tell you why I despise it so much. No real software. Where's Adobe suite? MS Office? And many others. Don't even try with "HURRRR DURRRR GIMP LIBREOFFICE"No real drivers. I never got wifi to work until I installed W7 back in 2010 with it's out of the box support, I never got my multiples monitor to work after hours and hours, I even had to run on 1024*768 on my shitty 2006 laptop.No games. Vidya is a form of media just like watching movies/animu/listening to music/reading a book, put that in your fucking head.Windows just werks. I have better things to do than waste my entire day trying to do something that takes few clicks Windows. There's no words to express all the rage I felt during those two years.What's your reason for using Linux ?muh freedumbzYour hardware is backdoored.muh codingNot a valid argument. Find me a good IDE for C++ or C#.m-muh ricingOh yea, spending days to make a copy of every other loonix desktop posted on desktop thread. I can rice with Rainmeter not talking about shitty deviantart skins and simply modifying DLLs.b-b-but muh terminal!It's 2015.Don't expect everyone to fall the freedumz maymay cult about a shitty pile of badly glued packages and preached by a fat neckbeard autist. Come at me with your rage, autists.
I hope linux stays just like it is in terms of popularity, so we never have to deal with faggots like thisholy shit
This. Perfect.Say the butthurt elitist retard with no counter-arguments. :^
mother of god...
You mad son? These NEETs, I swear.
You wont listen to my argumentsyou will shitpost and make le winky faec :^ at me and refuse to acknowledge my points.ebic
run Windows 7 on desktophave Fedora running on a VM for practice/fooling around???????
Adobe package
/threadWindows is the defacto for the enterprise, like it or not. And the enterprise's where the money at.
I used Linux and was too stupid to use Linux so Linux suckswow great argument
More likeI wasted 2 years and was fed up by spending days on google for a piece of shit that won't work no matter what I did and always led me to more problems.I earn my life with coding, I have work to do, not like the faggy autismbux NEETs that most of you probably are.
only 50%
why does every faggot who hates GNU/Linux use a distro like gentoo or arch instead of installing debian/fedora/ubuntu/whatever and call it a day?
"enterprise" does not compute when your life revolves around playing sysadmin with your mom's laptop and ricing your desktop with animay girls all day.
This is /g/, did you expect people to make proper decisions?
Because they're too easy and normie-tier, we want things nobody use, so we can brag about how l337 we are for not using what everyone does. My fellow haxx0rz would laugh and mock me if I ever showed up with fedora or suse on my chinkpad.
Like that makes a difference when you want to do anything other than browsing internet. I was using XUbuntu. I also used Fedora, OpenSuSE, Debian, and Arch for few weeks.
Only Windows users think the terminal is leet.For Linux users,the terminal is a mundane task,a fact of life.
Coming from arch, opensuse is fucking great. I have no idea why more people here don't use it. Just use the net install if you want a minimal installation. Fedora seems cool too. Arch is a fine distro, but doesn't do anything great or noteworthy, and arch users on /g/ are the worst.
Wow, that's so deep anon.
It's not deep,retard.It's like saying clicking icons in Windows makes you leet.Or pressing the fucking power button for that matter.It's how you use the fucking OS!
taking the b8146 posts, 75 IPssamefags
nativelyOh god, it's the "installing additionally software doesn't count!" argument.customizing file systems and VMsNice cherry picking, this shit doesn't matter for desktop use, and no one is arguing that Windows is better for server environments.
It's better for .NET languages.
so i cant play games on pc and like tech related stuff?your argument makes no fucking sense
Are you retarded? All Touhou games up to even ULiL work flawless for me.
Kek no. There's so much money in windows enterprise it's disgusting. As a consultant I once stayed in a single $220/night hotel for 5 straight months with $60/day per diem for food while renting an obnoxiously large SUV, all on an expense account. They just do that kind of shit.
It's a pretty simple fact that most people who use Linux spend more time maintaining and tinkering with it than actually using it and that's just fine and all, but the grown ups need to actually use are OS.The only counter argument anyone can make is that people who don't have the time for the bullshit with having to write half the OS yourself is that you must be stupid. WINE is a half assed solution that hardly works. I don't want to spend forever downloading a game and then spend and afternoon getting it to function I want to actually play it. Now I still use Linux for my home server, but for daily use Windows is a much better solution
this is /v/ - hardware now and has been for a long time
Same. I still use Linux, but I realize it's more of a hobby os when used for the desktop. I never realized how much time I lost in pointless configuring until my girlfriend pointed it out.trying to watch a moviejust let me plug in my laptop to the TV with an HDMI cordno displayread manual, Google itknown problem, have to fiddle with xrandr for a while until I get the right sequence of optionsno soundmore googling, testing, fiddling with xrandr and movie playertell media player to use pulse/HDMI outputstill nothingfind out I need to write a script that swaps out my config files still nothingfinally cave, download a GUI tool and that works no idea whygf is tired, just wanted to go to sleepthat's find"but I feel bad anon, you spent so long getting it set up!"I checked the time and realized I spent like half an hour, at least, getting a movie to play over HDMI. That's shit that should "just work", man.
this shit would just work under Ubuntu you fuck
I'm a retardHDMI just works on my Arch laptop.
I user Arch, the distro for Linux prosTM :^I am planning on switching to opensuse our fedora now though, there's just not any point in sticking with Arch.
Are you retarded? All Touhou games up to ULiL have so much input lag under that WINE shit that it's unplayable vpatch or not for me.
Sour grapes. Freetards are so buttmad that they can't have nice things that they rationalize it away. As if having the latest games and professional paid software like the Adobe creative suite and Microsoft Office available for GNU+Linux would hurt their precious hobby OS in any way.
I had enough luck so it worked without hassle so you're a retard :-
I have a real job.
I actually know how to use my computer.switch display to TVset pulseaudio to HMDIThat's all you have to do.
This. Also I forgot to say that some of them require wine-staging.
bait thread? Bait thread. Macs aren't shit
If no one on this board played videogames, then there wouldn't be so much poop flinging about videocards.
Probably not input lag don't know how to call it but there's at least .5 sec between the moment when I press a key and the game process it. I already had to disable options in the external config thing provided with the game to make it to 60fps, and it's not my toaster because it runs flawlessly in a XP VM.
I actually have a job. I guess I don't belong here.
That work for you, good. It doesn't for me, good luck finding an answer, I got up to page 8 of google before saying "Fuck this shit, Windows just werks and I want to watch my fucking movie."
I'm a retard
because I'm a noob. I installed arch on a vm last night, still trying to make it actually usable/visually appealing. I'll finish it up after finals.
Have you tried wine-staging? I never had problems like that even with normal wine though.
I barely know how to use linux as a headless server, much less how to make it work on my desktop.It's a nice server OS, but I wouldn't bother with it when I just want to browse the internet and watch anime.
He's not the guy who originally posted, that's me. It's a common enough problem to land on the arch wiki though m8. Not that "but it just works on my machine!!" is literally ever a valid argument.
When I'm forced to ssh into a linux box, I end up having to google how to do fucking everything.how do I mount a disk on startuphow do I generate unique disk identifierwhat is a mount pointhow do I create a mount pointhow do I add a public smb sharehow do I make a script executablehow do I run an executable shell scriptNothing is intuitive, I end up having to look everything up.I wouldn't want to do this shit on my home computer.
Muh art software. Though I'm growing more worried about that cloud pricing garbage. I don't use adobe stuff but that sort of greed is quick to catch on.
Too lazy to get a linux distro
fstabuuidgenself explanatorymkdirsambachmod +xbash /path/to/scriptThat's fucking basic shit, what is your job title. faggot?
/g/ is for technologylast time i checked, proprietary tech is still tech.
that's not kernal-level backdoor though....
Because I genuinely like Win 8.1 and I'm the odd duckling out in an increasingly Mac heavy society.
kernal
For Windows users, the terminal is leet because it's so goddamn awful.It's literally like pulling up some hideous application written for Windows 3.1.  Literally.  Because it is.Console2 and especially ConEmu make the situation much  better, but obviously if it involves a 3rd party project, it's pretty much leet and nobody's going to touch it.
because I can just dual-boot windows and linux and just switch over to windows if I ever need muh vidya
You're a delusional retard if you think Linux and googling up mundane tasks don't go hand in hand.
Terminals and the tty style interface suck in general, for most things. They've just been around for so long on Linux, and you need it for so much basic shit, that people didn't have any other choice except try to make it suck a little less. You rarely need it on windows, so nobody bothered to put in the effort.
Video GamesUnity3DVisual StudioSourceTreeAll reasons why I use Windows or Mac over Linux. Reasons I use linux is hosting my own gitlab and meteor websites.Feel free to forcibly remove me from this board!
and you need it for so much basic shitBut that's patently falseName one basic thing you need the terminal for on Linux
I end up having to google how to do fucking everythingThis is the same for Windows, but with Linux at least you find answers most of the time, but if you try to look how to do something for windows, you usually end up with results like "nvm I fixed it" "I'l PM the answer" or "just google it".
Not being an RHCSA and knowing that shit by heartpleb
Speak English
Fuck off, summerfag.
It's really not. You can use GUI tools if you want, but those are usually just front ends for CLI commands and tools.
If I was on windows, I wouldn't have to look everything up because everything is a gui.Mount a disk? disk managementshared hard drives? there's an entire tab in drive properties for thatmake a batch script? every .bat file executes without an executable permission bit
Ching chong wing bow bing?
You can do that with a GUI on a lot Linux distros like Ubuntu.
I really find myself using windows only for vidya becasue all the features i heavily use on linux aren't there like unfocused scroll, good touchpad input, workspaces, font rendering, expose, bash, clang.I find myself lucky that Matlab runs natively and POL handles MS Office just fine.
every .bat file executes without an executable permission bitthat doesn't sound too secure b0ss
the funniest part is that you seem serious
He is  and so are many others.There's nothing but shit over at /v/.Why don't you faggots make the threads you make here,over there.It would be a win for all.
Even if linux has guis, they're never consistent and they vary with every distro, and oftentimes, even within the same distro.Since I still end up having to look it up, I might as well learn to do it in the command line, because at least that knowledge is likely to carry over to other distros.
trill
It's called a GTK theme, you dumb Winfag. The basic layout will remain the same, but the icons or colours will change. GUIs are a fucking crutch. Learn the command line, and you can become a formidable user.
GUI consistency is far greater in GNU/Linux than it is in Windows.
Shut your god damn mouth Debian has the best package manager in the world it says so on their official website
Holy shit bro, please don't be serious. Gtk themes are not the primary difference between Linux distributions.
Many Windows shitposters complain here becasue they have to bear working with a non *NIX OS having to watch the worst font rendering 40+ hours a week just because their programs don't run on Linux, they can't stand if someone can get his job done on Linux.Feels so good to have godlike font rendering.
his second point is right tho
There's really not that much difference between linux distros. The package manager, repos, default DE/WM and maybe the FHS might be a little different. That's about it though.
implying anyone other than autists gives a shit about font rendering
You obviously don't have a job working with Windows.It's font rendering is like running saw blades across your eyeballs by the end of a workday.
I once coded an Excel macro on XP at my job, it was a nightmare.
My job left XP this year and moved "up" to Windows 7. I had such high hopes...only got dull saw blades.
I can watch shit with MPC-HC on Windows.I can code and compile on Windows.I can play video games on Windows.I can do all of my shit on Windows, but I could probably do it on your favorite operating system too. Will I switch? Not likely. Should anyone care? No.
Because Windows actually has useful, productive software, is easier to use and more intuitive while still providing a healthy amount of customization, and works flawlessly with most of the thingies you have to plug into your PC, which boils down to it being ready for heavy usage out of the box. FYI, I'm triple-booting Mac, Win and Arch, and each has its pluses and minuses. Sadly, /g/ is filled with retards like you that actually believe Win and Mac are greatly inferior to Linux.I seriously don't get most of you fucktards. I'm fucking thrilled by PCs. It's how I got interested in technology in the first place. I question, I compare, I form opinions, yet don't feel the urge to spit them out as sanctities. But 99% of this board is comprised of ignoramuses who have only used a certain product in their whole life, or once they've had an unpleasant experience with one, immediately disregarded it as useless, bad, inferior, not worth the time. And playing video games makes you technology illiterate? The fuck is wrong with you? If you're not a troll, I sincerely hope you'll die feeling tremendous amounts of pain and burn in Hell.
You just right click and launch it as administrator if the bat require permission, that's all. Enjoy typing your password over and over on loonix.
Implying I can't get a nice font rendering in 5 minutesIt's called MacType and we install it like any other good old nextnextnext setup. I can't imagine how it would be a pain in the ass to fix on Linux if it had bad font rendering.
Sir,we are trying to purge this board of shit flinging tween gaymers who spout nonsense about anything that isn't Witcher 3 or Windows.Linux and Mac users get irritated and fling back.Theres a board for gaymes and it could definitely benefit from some activity.Please direct all miscreants to /v/.
mac is a church and linux is a hobbyit takes me time to remember that i use windows
Can't properly customize partitions because no LVMActually, LVM on linux was a copy of the NT LVM.Can't do advanced filesystem configurations because no FUSEYou mean we don't need a buzzword for userspace filesystems? great.There are userspace filesystems in Windows though - we just don't need to fucktarded names.Can't natively run shell/lua/perl/python scripts as part of the integrated scripting functions for advanced custom functionalityYou mean installing lua, perl, python, etc as part of your envirnment and then calling it as part of a script - by golly gosh I wish windows could do that-  oh wait, it can.Doesn't have KVM kernel based emulation for efficiently performing custom functionality within a VM of the most suited platform for whatever functions you are trying to performHyperV  KVM
HyperV  KVMI wish more people brought this up The benchmarks check out.
Available software.
I don'tof this boardDon't confuse /g/ with the /v/ermin.
Terminals and the tty style interface suck in general, for most things.Eh, no.They've just been around for so long on Linux, and you need it for so much basic shit, that people didn't have any other choice except try to make it suck a little less.I think you don't understand things like the Unix Philosophy.  The notion of small programs that do clearly defined things, which can be assembled together using pipes.UIs work great for basic things.  UIs are terrible for more complex things.I'm always dropping to command line for things like searching my media library to see if I have a movie, finding receipts in my printouts folder, etc.'find' is way more powerful and faster than Explorer's horrible 'find' feature.
set pulseaudio to HMDIWhat the fuck is that bullshit and why do you think that's something simple or obvious?Thanks for demonstrating why 2015 won't be the year of the Linux Desktop.  Or any year.  Ever.
Holy shit, is this guy actually claiming that Windows has worse font rendering than Linux?  What the actual fuck?Dipshit probably has Cleartype enabled but configured for the wrong subpixel order, or something.
windows 7 explorer search is actually pretty fuckin' handy anononly a linuxfag could fuck up cleartype configuration that's designed to be literally idiot proof
Eh, no.Yes. Nobody uses a Teletype anymore. The majority read: every desktop user, even on /g/ run a graphical environment and even have an x server run at login or boot. The computer is no longer text-only, but the tty i paradigm or style is, it cannot handle images as primitives or natively, and ignores entirely one of the most important ui tools.There is also literally no reason why small tools would be limited to text-only. That's a totally ridiculous and irrelevant thing to bring up.UIs are terrible for more complex things.The terminal IS a user interface. Any interface the user uses to interact with the computer is a user interface. You have literally no idea what you're talking about.
/g/ is a shit pile too, yet you still post your shit pile opinions here every day.
shitty hobbyist os cant run gamesbetter make a thread on /g/ about how much I hate games now
how will they know who you are to even put you on a watchlist?
you need to switch audio to hdmi to play audio through hdmiOMG SO DIFFICULT LUUUNEEX IS SOOO SHIT
rektJune, 5, 2015Kill yourself summerfag
I spend all day at work troubleshooting obscure problems with poorly supported software. Why would I want to do that at home?
someone somewhere who happens to have the same hardware as the hobbyist dev got it to work on the first tryomg its easy anon
GNU/NEETs
Music Production and Photo Editing, but I hate iOS
ext4 is immune to curroptionwhat are backups
Sorry, that exact solution did not play audio through HDMI. I'm not the anon you're responding to though. Just telling it to use pulseaudio/HDMI works infrequently enough that it's a topic on numerous wiki's and forums, so calling him a retard for software that's known to be unreliable is pretty stupid.
Because after trying both Debian and Mint for a couple months, it was just kinda pointless. Unless you have something specific, or you really need/want to modify everything about your OS, why not just buy/torrent Windows?Everything works, has drivers, there's a program for everything. I have nothing against Linux, I even think it's kinda cool, I just don't have a personal use or want for it.
windows 7 explorer search is actually pretty fuckin' handy anonIt's horrible.  Constantly defaulting to searching all subfolders, no matter how many times you switch to "only search this folder".Explorer is horrible.  No wildcard selection, nothing useful.  Just a retarded preview pane that slows everything down.only a linuxfag could fuck up cleartype configuration that's designed to be literally idiot proofUh.  I think you would be shocked at how many people don't have Cleartype correctly configured.  All the people I hear whining about how it causes "blurring" or "weird colors", for one.
Yes. Nobody uses a Teletype anymore.How is that relevant? it cannot handle images as primitives or natively, and ignores entirely one of the most important ui tools.Well, it's a text-based UI.  Period.  If you want to view images, you launch an image viewer.  It's pretty simple.There is also literally no reason why small tools would be limited to text-only. Uh, they aren't.  At all.  Did you even think before you typed that?The terminal IS a user interface. Any interface the user uses to interact with the computer is a user interface. You have literally no idea what you're talking about.It's painfully obvious that I meant GUIs.  Take off your autism hat for a minute.
you need to switch audio to hdmi to play audio through hdmiHm...OMG SO DIFFICULT LUUUNEEX IS SOOO SHITWell, yeah, given that you think it's completely normal to think like:1  I need to switch audio to HDMI.2  I'll justset pulseaudio to HMDIMaybe if you left your mom's basement once in awhile this stuff wouldn't be second nature to you.
No Lightroom/Photoshop/Premiere/3dsMax/ on LinuxOSX isn't supported well on my hardware.No I'm not running my most intensive applications in a VM or compatibility layer like wine.Why do you care what OS I use?
How is that relevant?It's relevant because we're discussing why text-only interfaces tend to be gimped. The current text-only interface is the terminal emulator, based off of tty's.Uh, they aren'tYes, that's why I posted that. Bringing up the Unix philosophy of small tools is irrelevant because small tools are not limited to text-only. It had nothing to do with the discussion.Take off your autism hatThere is literally no reason why a ui would or should suck for complex tasks. You haven't presented any.
REKTEKT
Why is windows so horrible with high res displays? does windows 10 at least try fix it? I made the mistake of paying for a shitty high res touchscreen on my laptop and it just so awful to use windows in high res.
3200 x 1800? I have this and it is annoying, the scaling with some programs doesn't work at all
, 
why is ubuntu the best linux distro /g/?
you mean why is windows the master race?
because by default it sends your local computer searches to other companies
we all know that anon, but out of all distros, ubuntu is superior
not knowing you can disable that
You wrote it wrongly OP. It's written like this: xubuntu
It's going to get even better when they roll out Xubuntu minimal or whatever they decided to call it. Ubuntu MATE is nice, but it needs to chill with adding a million fucking features by default.
"by default"
ayy lmao
is there any reason to pick arch over manjaro? want to install linux but im too lazy to config everything myself
i'm in the process of installing linux. my secondary computer has been in the gentoo live cd boot for over a year
You misspelled Arch as Ubuntu.
arch is a meme distro.it wasn't bad, but I want something that just werks and it took too much time and energy to manage. .
OP has got it right! Arch linux is hands down the most amazing distro by far!
nubuntu is shit. Install gentoo
It's not, that's Debian.
using ganoolmao
I looking to try Manjaro, like or dislike / worth?
who is this semen demon?
some trap
Most popular distro so community support is best.  Unity is best DE.  All the packages from Debian + easy use of proprietary packages.
Also you can write "allahu ackbar, bomb,USA, allah, terrorism, the package, kill, americans, jihad, goat porn" in the ubuntu software center and call the NSA, CIA and FBI at the same time for help Im sure they will answer quickly.
Meh.  Disabled online search.  It was two or three clicks.
looks like that Georgetown girl who got expelled and did abused porn and parents got divorced
and another bait thread. Fuck you OP. report and sage. To close the debate, it's not since you choose a distribution according what you need and your personal taste.
, 
Hell fucking yes. I for one am actually very excited for this. I have a chromebook and don't really need to do anything apart from web browsing and word documents so: 1. won't have to buy a $800+ lap top that will become useless in 6 months when the next tech comes out2. can have this sick little machine sitting nice and pretty next to my tv and just play games from there. No desktop necessary. Non-casual PC gamers are usually autistic, no one wants to come over and see your ass sitting in your dark bedroom playing video games on one screen and refreshing reddit on another. Anyone actually excited for the ease of this machine for casual gaming?
Fuck off to /v/, you manchild. DRM can fuck off too. Just buy a console if you want a DRM box.
My friend bought one of those and now everyone laughs at him.
So a console is better than a SteamBox?
Bumping. I am curious to learn more.
someone actually fell for the steam machine meme?
this is the technolpgy board not dickpad vs. mackbook general. does this thread really bother you so much to post on it when there are fucking 50 phone and "what gaming laptop should i buy" threads a day?
They're both shit.

Seriously though, tell me how I can build a stream machine that does 1080/60fps for $50 and i'll do that instead of steam link.
Wait, wait, wait...Why the fuck would you spend $800 on a laptop for gaming in the first place? Secondly, steamboxes are less powerful than any possible buold of the same price range, and finally, a desktop with the steam os and hdmi connectivity  is a fucking steambox. Fuck off, you insult casual PC gamers while advocating a fucking steam box, HA.
4chan is dead and we have killed it.
Those threads are shit too, but there is no stopping them. The most I could do is say "go to the wallpaper board" or "fuck off." At least here you can take this shit thread for manchildren to the manchildren board!
You can't, but people who already have gaming PCs aren't the intended market.
lmao you're right you win
le anyone who games is le manchildFirstly, there a are lots of women who game, and secondly, there are billions of gamers now. You cannot write us off as "manchildren" since we are so diverse.
I have a 42" in my living room i barely use, and when i have friends over we usually stick around my room for games and stuff. I don't really think i'll build a dedicated rig for the tv so i'm considering a streaming solution it's worked pretty well for my tablet/wirless, played through a few games in bed with it. Using powerline ethernet at home so that's what would be set up with the tv.
that's the thing i have a 32in with just a roku hooked up to it, so it's not being used much for anything but netflixs, gonna hook a steambox to it and finally get some use out of the nice display
stop liking what i dont like!
the cheapest steamOS box can run WoW at 50fps 1080It's pretty meaningless when you can just pay the same price for something better and more versatile, you're literally paying for a nice box, just get a microi-ATX rig for the same price if you really care about it being small, only reason to get a steambox is if you like the style
i dont understand what this is implying but, it's just the ultra modern appeal is what im going for
Shill, please go back to suck gabe's dick
You can have the smallest form factor in the fucking universe, but the cooling on that shit is probably a fucking nightmare.
I was agreeing with you. It pisses me off that people have a vendetta against gaming like it killed their wife just because they don't personally like it.
why would you bother when there hasnt been a single game worth playing past 2012/13.
Steamboxes don't target people who "can just pay the same price for something better and more versatile", Steamboxes are not supposed to be PC killers so it's stupid to compare those with each other. And IF you insist on comparing, because the hardware is just a regular PC, then you need to stick to other prebuilt systems and not that "you'll always be better off with a decent tech background under your belt which enables you to handpick cheaper and better hardware parts from here and there and assemble a cheaper and better rig yourself" because that's clearly not the target group here. There is a market for consoles, there will be a market for steamboxes. There won't be a huge migration from the Nintendo/Sony/Xbox userbase, but it'll be a solid option for new customers.
people who already have gaming PCs aren't the intended market.For the Steam Link, they totally are.
Dunno. The cheapest steambox is probably still overpowered and therefore overpriced if all you want it for is streaming from your gaming pc to your living room tv.
Steam link and Steam Machine are different products, you dummy.
I'm aware of that, i just want to know if there is a way I can get the same functionality out of anything to stream to my tv via steam?
won't have to buy a $800+ lap top that will become useless in 6 months when the next tech comes outInstead you'll be buying an $800+ prebuilt that will become useless in 6 months when the next tech comes out
So instead of buying a PC and installing Linux, you'll buy a marked up Alienware box that has Linux pre-installed?
that's the issue, who the fuck acxtually cares about linux, the steam box is a way to play computer games without having to sit at an computer all day, its for peopelk who dont care about the latest build orders, why cant you guys see this??
The poorfags of 4chan actually have time to be the cheapest bastards they can be. "If it's not the cheapest, it is overpriced". Most people understand the value of time and that it's normally worth paying money to save time.
is avg free software or malware
wikipedia.org/avg
it's a bot net
Shit.
it's a great choice, and works quite efficient.
Whats the best free antivirus?inb4 le common sense
Best
Real time scanner has low detection rate.
let's not forget it hogs ram and is impossible to remove
Last time I used Windows, I had Malwarebytes with Spybot as backup.
Avira is generally considered the best.
Free=/=LibreIt's both free and malware
Avira is shit Free version consistently bugs you to upgrade.
All the free ones do.
Malware because its harmful and doesn't respect the 4 freedoms.
not MSE :^
anti virus that is supposed to remove malwareinstalls malware unless you uncheck the boxesit's shit
AVG has done a good job of fucking up Cygwin for me in the past. The interface for the warnings is fucking retarded to. Why the fuck should "More options" also default to sending my shit to quarantine?
"As of 2014, there are numerous reports dating back to 2012 that the AVG SafeGuard Toolbar installs itself without the consent of the user, as a side effect of installing other applications. The toolbar program appears to cause significant RAM issues. Once installed, the toolbar is virtually impossible to remove: Its uninstaller does not function, and it re-installs if manually removed. There are many discussions and blog posts that describe complex procedures for removal of the AVG toolbar, with very mixed results."
, 
Bought an S6 haha ur dum lol here in Japan.Look at this shit they put on the back of the phone.I understand the company logo 'au' I guess, but the others?The top is an instruction on how/where to pull the sticker off, and god knows what the middle thing is.A permanent 'pull here to remove sticker' engraving, rather than a separate adhesive with that printed on it?  Are you fucking kidding me?Bloat can be removed with a root but this shit is disgustingYeah, image is shit. Work mirror is dirty and I dont have a separate camera
Here's the collected wisdom of /g/ from 100s of threads we've had on Samsung Galaxy S6.Save it, spread it, post it to S6 threads!Smeary glass not aluminum backFlat back, terrible ergonomicsKnockoff factor: everyone knows it's just an iPhone 6 ripofftouchjizz... looks like iOS, not AndroidEdge gimmick increases cost for no useful functional advantage2K screen results in crap game fps compared to othersamloled screen has severe burn in issues, yellows after a year, and causes motion blur way more than LCD2K screen saps batteryBattery life isn't good enoughBattery is non removableFast-charge battery means it will die quicker.... and when your battery dies within a year from all that fast charging, you can't replace it and need to get a new phoneNo microSD card slot... while more storage costs an extra fortuneIt will shatter when dropped. class="quote"over $200 in damage from a single drop!bends & breaks more easily than even iPhone 6+ class="quote"Expensive and looks like iPhone 6 yet it can't even send blue text!Samsung has horrible customer service: class="quote"... and they will flat-out refuse service if you root the phone*gasp*Front camera not good enough in low lightBack camera protrudes by a lot & more prone to scratches due to protrusion and no sapphirePhysical home button wears down after a yearWeaker GPS signal than competitionNo double tap to wakeYou can't ok google from anywhereEdge screen distorts images and suffers from color shiftingEdge uncomfortable as a result of sharp cornersWildly inaccurate colorsBezels larger than previous phones and competitionHard to rootWhile touchjizz makes rooting and a custom rom a mustToo big to comfortably type one handedMany people are reporting scratched screens and dead pixelsUSB downgraded from 3 to 2Branded by Samsung on the front and back making the design tacky
here in Japanyou are dumb. no one uses Samshit in Japan and that's why they don't even wanna put their name on it because their name is like cancer over there. when I visited Japan 4 months ago, everyone had iphones. everyone! I only saw few old people with Docomo flip phones.ps: you fucked up.
mememay maymeemxdmememay maymeemxdmememay maymeemxdmememay maymeemxdmememay maymeemxdGreat argument ;
i fucked up because everyone uses iphone?uh, ok lol
Samsung's Galaxy S6 Sales Disaster in Japan is Embarrassing!According to a new report by Japanese market research firm BCN, the Galaxy S6 Edge ranked 26th in the Japanese smartphone weekly sales rankings from April 27 to May 3. The sale of the model appeared to be smooth at first, ranking 10th the first week of its launch. However, its ranking went down by 16 notches in just one week. The Galaxy S6 also suffered from a drop in the rankings from 17th in the first week of its release to 30th place in the following week.This phenomenon is said to be somewhat relevant to Apple's good performance in the Japanese market. The iPhone 6 is the number one smartphone model in Japan. A total of six models made by Apple are in the top 10.
the collected wisdom of /g/ from 100s of threadsIt's full of memes because of posters like you.
what is blue text?
One under the "Galaxy" branding just looks like a generic "touch here" icon.One in the middle looks to be for wireless charging."au" is to denote that you spent extra cash on  the gold version.
spam memes and nonsensical ignorant shit'posters like you'yep, im the problem ok lol
yep, im the problemGlad we're in agreement.
Welcome to Japan.Everyone does the same thing.Not sure how or why it matters or how its relevant to the conversation but ok, if you feel the obligation to contribute then by all means.
Seriously, the lack of Samsung branding is really weird.Is Japan actually anti-Korean I thought it was just that Korea was anti-Japan
le xdI start a conversation, you start spamming memeshit/b/
Jesus Christ. The OP doesn't stand a chance out there.
i fucked up because everyone uses iphone?exactly. good luck sending blue text, retard. you'll be a social outcast.Watch... yes, this is a real thing at workplaces:class="quote"It’s Kind of Cheesy Being GreenA few months ago my friend Edd Dumbill shared a discovery. He pointed out that if you search Twitter for the words “green bubbles” you’ll find very consistent results. People hate green bubbles.are all about imessage. so good luck getting some of that tight asian pussy.
see the two links in this comment: I've experienced this discrimination myself in the US. My social circle of friends has dropped off slowly and it's all because of the fucking imessage shit. they're all on it, I'm not.
Japan gets it.
this is what braindead iToddlers actually believe
being friends with subhuman iScum2015
Almost all Asian countries hate Japan, for multiple reasons.I think Japanese people tend to look down on everyone who isn't Japanese. Unless you're some weeb faggot, chances are you'd hate Japan too.Like another anon said, they all use Iphones.
Really?I've had iPhones for years, and while I use iMessage quite a bit, Facebook Messages has become the universal go-to since absolutely everyone in the universe has Facebook on whatever phone/tablet/computer they're using.

No one is more racist than fucking Koreans. Koreans are the worst Vietnamese guy here. Koreans are the most hated.
tfw forced to get an iPhone cause of work and friendsat least the apps are easy to pirate
Koreans always smell like onion too
Who are you quoting?
Koreans always smell like onion tookoreans are the jews of asian people. everyone hates them and they think they're better than everyone else. horrible people.
they probably do this specifically to fuck with japanese people. cause hatred is mutual
Buy iPhone 6 at Verizon at launchDrop & Crack iPhone Screen 6 months laterNo Apple CareNo Extended WarrantyGo to "Genius Bar"Tell them I cracked itThey take it to the backCome back, say the will fix the phone for freeFirst replacement on Tim Cook's credit cardThis is why I buy Apple. I don't do anything but fap to chinese cartoons and call my mom, so having that unparalleled support by people who can actually speak english is useful.Besides, why buy an iFake 6? The Galaxy s6 is pretty much the worst phone you can buy, you'll look like a try hard with your edgy "offbeat" phone.
Does your mom know you suck dicks for a living?
here you go shitlord
get cheap huawei for free with providerdrop phone x100doesn't crackcool
GOD-TIER customer support is why I buy apple as well. Sony refused service on my Z1 because it was rooted and when they returned it unfixed, I just took it to Apple store and got some credit for it and got an iPhone 6. Would never use android phones again.
A permanent 'pull here to remove sticker' engraving, rather than a separate adhesive with that printed on it? Are you fucking kidding me?that's the fucking NFC symbol in Japan you retard
The Galaxy s6 is pretty much the worst phone you can buyOnly because it copied the iPhone so much, all Galaxy phones before it were top tier
Its more than people are stupid and buy iphones because 'it just werks' and also because 'you know, because everyone has an iphone!'.japanese people are literally the opposite of hipsters. The crave to be the exact same as everyone else. If you buy ANYTHING that isnt an iphone you are met with raised eyebrows and are questioned 'why didnt you get an iphone? its so convenient!'
japs all buy overpriced amerifat garbageCUCKEDUCKED
Im quoting the person I quoted you fucking idiot.I know 'Who are you quoting?' is a set phrase smart people have used to insult people who fucked up, but you have to use it in the proper context. You can't just use it whenever because you want to. You. fucking. idiot.
Logos everywhereHonestly it annoys me, but if it becomes obtrusive I lose my shit over it.I have a Z3-Compact. Sony logo on the back? Sure. Sony logo on the front? Well, it's out of the way of anything that could be - it's on bezel, not the touch screen or speaker.HTC OneThat fucking thing is on the bottom now my finger has to reach longer to get the screen, couldn't they have put it on the top fuck.I feel sad for Americans who get phones from Verizon and shit who plaster their logos all over the phone. As if the company's logo isn't bad enough, now you need your phone provider there too.
The Galaxy s6 is pretty much the worst phone you can buycites customer support'iphone6 fake''offbeat'Were you dropped as a child?
Vietnamese guy hereconfirmed for southeast asian subhuman
At least the au logo on that S6 isn't as jarring as the Verizon logo on the Note 2 home screen button, much laughs were had when people found out about it
Hahahahaha fucking vietcongsYou guys are similarly hated in Taiwan and other countries as the sandniggers in europe. You are literally subhuman trash.But yeah koreans and japanese are pretty racist.
collected wisdom of /g/Memes and opinions. Just because you don't like a company doesn't mean you have to bias against it.
china sees vietnamese as subhumankorea sees vietnamese nothing more than mail order bridesjapan sees vietnamese as nothing more than fucktoys lol come back when vietnam is actually relevant then your opinion will matter
Funfact: the Vietnamese are horribly racist against Cambodians, who they openly call dark and ugly.
asian niggerthinks his opinion matters

if filipinos are the mexicans of asia, what are the viets?
What a piece of shit
pussy sure costs a lotbut ass is free :^
The Poland of New Brunswick.
48334946GUYS. The s4 was like an upgrade of the S2 with actual build quality and decency. It was like they took the S2 and multiplied it by 2. The s6 is Whittier than the s3. It's like they took the s3 and multiplied it by 3
, 
So for some reason Hola doesn't work on 4chan anymoreinb4 botnetIt was the only proxy that worked here.What is another good extension addon proxy?
If you used hola you are fucking retarded.It was an actual botnet.There are actually verifications that people who use hola are confirmed to have been used by malicious parties.consider suicide.
Well recommend me another VPN addon please?
stop being poor and just buy a pass.
allows for random faggots to execute arbitrary codeliterally still using itholy fucking shit retard
But I use it to shit post and get banned a lotK yes recommend
Did you try FoxyProxy?

will try nowsorry whats this? hola? i already tried reinstalling from their site and all it does is turn 4chan white and doesn't load
this is a mess i have no idea how to use it. hola was so easy you just click the country icon and that's your new ip ;_;
read the fucking site..."ALTERNATIVETO.NET"
op uses hola expecting OP not to be a fucking retardI admire your faith in humanity, but OP is literally borderline braindead. Not only is he incapable of using a simple Google function, but, as you just saw, he's also fucking illiterate. I suggest we simply let nature take its course on him. He will surely die soon of natural selection.... probably falling  over the siderail of a bridge or drowning in a bowl of soup.
hopefully the soup is spicy too..
sorry lad i tried those all of them ip's are banned on 4chanfucking hell well nothing else works and i desperately need itcould one of you be so kind as to download hola, get on 4chan click a country then click the "not working" working so it gives you an IP and tell me if you get a blank page like this as well?
also could it be 4chan has just blocked hola in general somehow after getting ddossd or w/e?
 6:35sorry whats this? hola? 6:51i tried those all of themSure you did! kek. Fuck off, nobody is gonna spoonfeed a lazy retard like you.
sorry whats this? hola?yeah my bad I didn't read it it but I tried those 3 variations they are just blocked IP in this country message etc.sorry all im asking if hola has stopped for anyone else.
It's not working for me either.

god damn would you tin foil hat faggots shut the fuck?you all claim fucking everything is a bot netyoull call frosted flakes cereal a botnet next
Cisco or Juniper?
Cisco
Ubiquiti
This is also not bad
OpenBSD
, 
, 
Why is computational fluid dynamics software still stuck in the 70s? It's 2015, why the fuck do I have to manually input code in order to use a program? Why has no-one made CFD software that you just upload your CAD model and press go?
OpenFOAMOpen sourcewondering why it has a shit user experience and interfaceTOP LEL
Why has no-one made CFD software that you just upload your CAD model and press go?They have, it's called solidworks flow.There's also an addon for Siemens NX.
ikr? freeware will always have a shitty interface because it does not need to appeal to the user. "you get what you pay for" are the six words that freetards will never understand.
solidworks flowThis brings me to question 2, why the fuck does a bunch of code cost more than a BMW? You wouldn't pay someone $13,000 to write a book so why would you pay them $13,000 to write a program?
Actually buying software for 1000s of dollars.Find a crack.
stealing
I don't know about fluid dynamic simulation, but the physics lab I work in uses ROOT. It's in C++ and you can link the libraries in your own program. Everything Matlab can do, ROOT can do better and faster. I know we use it to perform calculations for particle interactions, the particle simulator is another program.
Doesn't CERN use that and develop it?
If you just want to do a CFD simulation, OpenFOAM is the wrong tool for the job.  Pretty much anything else will have better numerical stability, ease of use, and variety of models.If you need something custom, that's what OpenFOAM is good at.
I do fluid sim for a living and I can tell you, most all the software sucks and is too darn expensive. I bounce back and forth between phoenix and realflow. I rarely ever have to script and if I do its usually just a short Python script. It's far from rocket science.
Software is a service, not a commodity. Mass market software can be cheap because it's production is subsidized by millions of buyers. A shitty data entry app with custom business logic to replace excel is $40k start to deployed and training. A week of time for a skilled consultant is around $4000 labor cost.Niche software is expensive because it can't be subsidized by mass market appeal.
I really want to put together CFD software that isn't the price of a fucking car. I'm only an undergrad who just finished his third year with shitty marks, though. I ought to do this as a senior project.
flow3dnow gtfo
That fucking font renderingYou gahnoo is unix slash linux fags always complain about Windows font rendering and then you present this shit.
Not too hard.Grab a book on numerical analysis.Compare fp32 to fp64.
I've paid hundreds of thousands of dollars for my free software over the span of 17 years ;
I don't sit two inches from my screen. Problem solved.
they can do it but they will have to make too many assumptions and ones actually using CFD software want control over the initial and boundary conditions and the solveralso this 
You wouldn't pay someone $13,000 to write a bookDo you know how much successful authors make?
Everybody knows that it's trivally easy to write code. Why my mom and sister can both write SolidWorks Flow Simulation in two weeks.
, 
What browser do you use /g/?
mozilla firefox most of the timeopera for research browsingmidori for the laffs
Netscape 7.0
The loading icon was so neat.
emacs
Same as you opI have a machine with a Pentium 4 and 1GB RAM so firefox lags like a ffucker.Palemoon works fine
NCSA Mosaic
Iron.
Chromium from the chromium-browser-continuous branch. Even wrote a script that updates it on command and patches the .dll with a custom icon on every windows machine on my network.
gopher
pcxFirefox. There is no substitute.
Pale Moon. I haven't kept up with Firefox in years, but based on the recent changes I've heard about, there's probably no way I'm going near it again.SeaMonkey also isn't a bad browser, but I don't need the addition of an email and IRC client.
wget + less:^
I browse you're mom's ass with my dick
Will try this :^What's the less command?
less is what reads the output fileHowever, you can use whatever meme editor of choice.
Both on my laptop and on my Android phone it's mainly Chrome. I just changed the defaults on both to Firefox and Firefox Mobile Beta respectively to try and wean me off Google a bit again.Firefox is probably more extensible, but I usually just prefer the simplicity of Chrome. I like that Flash comes packaged with Chrome, that it has separate processes for each tab and that it has a good built in task manager.
Mozarella Firefux.I don't even anymore, just kill me.

I hate it, but I secretly love it.We are from different worlds, it couldn't work.
phoneoperalaptopoperachrome as safe sandbox for sensitive things, away from my shitbrowsing and potentially unsafe extensions

Firefox but at this point I'm tempted to just fork it myself and gut a few features I don't want or need.
I got one of those windows tablets awhile ago, and I have to say, it's the best browser for that OS
Chrome
Do it and make a new org for it. We seriously need a FF fork.
Chrome, the best browser.
Firefox 39. It just werks
I use Firefox/Chrome for web development/testingon my older machine I run Pale Moon just because I seem to get better performance and enjoy seeing all my addons break
icecat, luakit
Chrome because everything else sucks.
Pale Moon. Need a good ad blocker though. Any crowd favorites?
dwb
Microsoft Edge
How do you post on /g/
Microsoft EdgeIs that decent?
lynx
Even if you manage to fork it and make the changes you want, you'll never be able to maintain it and merge those changes into newer versions.
IE 11
The furry one
remember when firefox was actually good
Pepperidge Farm remembers
Anybody who is not a scrublord can learn about XUL and how Spidermonkey and Gecko are integrated into it to form Firefox. XUL is very easy to use and the interfaces that join XUL, Gecko and Spidermonkey don't change.
Yes
Old:If you can't be bothered to:search itlurk moargit gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/stupid questions here, ONCEYou are NOT entitled to an answer, don't bump.Please redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread using /g/sqtProtip: If you can't tell if your question deserves its own thread, its very likely it doesn't. Post it here, we'll let you know.
what's your favorite flavor of ice cream, op?
Is there a good guide out there that helps a layman replace the caps in an old monitor? At least, I think the caps are the issue. The power went out last night and this morning when I turn it on it flickers and is on at low brightness for 3 seconds then it goes black, with the power still apparently being on.
What's that program/application with the black/grey background that shows all the hardware your computer is using at the time?I see it all the time on "how's my computer/gpu?" threads on /v/.
Speccy.
Who is this fluid druid?
Thanks anon, I don't care what the SJWs say about you, you truly are a nice guy.
Who is this semen demon?
I'm trying to force Vsync in Ultra Street Fighter IV using Nvidia Control Panel but it doesn't seem to save the changes. I click apply yet I still get pretty bad screen tearing and when I reopen the control panel the settings are back to what they were before. I tried using Nvidia Inspector but when I click Apply Changes it just goes back to the default settings.I'm going to try updating my drivers but I get the feeling that won't help much.
Vanilla or Rocky Road or Jamocha
Does the XFCE version of Manjaro have a lot of bloat?Should I use net install?
Do you even know how to reverse image search?
Thank you, anon!
welcome to /sqt/
Thanks, I even contributed a stupid question.
I did. Got a twitter account... which hasn't tweeted yet?
What do you call the things in bash that have a "-" in front of them?
You are a goddamn idiot.
options
Elizabeth Gillies
Dash
Isn't there a specific name for them though?I remember hearing it somewhere a while ago.
Does the Thinkpad T420 use the nl80211 driver or the wext driver for wpa_supplicant?I can't get wpa_cli to scan for networks, and I'm curious as if I fucked up something in my kernel or something.Thanks for any help.
Flags or options are acceptable names
What about switches?
That's an acceptable name as well.
Elizabeth Gillies
is good or not?
Yeah, that's it. Thanks.
Someone simplify these concepts for me:Regarding Databse modelswhat is?Normalized dataUNF Un normalized form1NF 1st normalized form2NF3NF
What's a good router for basic home usage that's preferably not very expensive?
/g/ is good at a lot of things except finding women
21 yogranny tits already
Those type of tits are so gentle that sucking on them would cause ripples throughout the boobs
XFCE for any distro has little bloat.
Get a cheap router that you can flash with dd-wrt or openwrt.
How do you get two finger scroll on a touchpad that doesn't support multi touch?What is this sorcery?
What exactly would sandboxie protect me from? I'm a fucking loser that likely to jerk it to all sorts of game from nyaa and elsewhere. People are telling me these files are safe and multiple scans find nothing but I'm still paranoid so I've gone ahead and grabbed sandboxie to run it in if I decide to even run. So that naturally has me wondering what it would even protect me from or what might get through and make my efforts futile.
Synaptic drivers if you're a winkiddie
How do you get two finger scroll on a touchpad that doesn't support multi touch?you don'tif you got 2 finger scroll that means it supported multi-touchyou might not have installed drivers or something in windows
Forgot my picture.No I mean how it it done, not how to enable it.
Will my shit break if i install a bunch of desktop environments on Arch to check them out?
Well fuck me, that fixed it.
Don't bother they're all shit anyway
yesyou already got your answer here 
I thought the joke was posting it every time an attractive female, 2D or 3DPD, is posted.
p-please respond
It doesn't do multi touch in any other context. Why would a cheap laptop from 2009 even have that?
how do I make a firefox entry in the fluxbox menu in ubuntu?
I am putting together a pc for the first time and have yet to decide on the graphics card. The cards in my price range seem to be R9 290x and GTX 970.What is the difference between these cards? And would you recommend either one of them?
How is it that I can share images from the 4chan app clover to google hangouts and it just posts the picture in the chat window? Is it saving the image somewhere on my phone? It only posts a link or attachment when I use other apps.
Should I be worried about the temp on my CPU?
Should I use OpenWRT on my router? I know the process I just wanna know if it's worth it and why
Any reason why I shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10?
Is it saving the image somewhere on my phone?yes It only posts a link or attachment when I use other apps.maybe because the other apps don't support sending images directly
Cortana MetroForced updates Botnet features
And I can't simply disable that shit?
other than cortana nothing
You can hide it but never disable it
My old laptop idles at 60 and hits 85 when streaming video. It's been around for many years. You're good.
What's the best and most current guide for setting up mpd with ncmpcpp?  Every guide I've tried has failed me.
what the fuck
Asus makes some pretty good ones that support dd-wrt.kekYou should be a little worried. When was the last time you cleaned your heatsink? Did you fuck up applying the thermal paste? Did you use the glob of thermal paste pre-applied to the heatsink?
CortanaIf I didn't care about muh privacy, I'd upgrade to Windows 10 just for her.
Well, I haven't cleaned it since I put it together a couple months ago. This is just started happening yesterday.
The problem normally consists on setting up the correct hostname. The archwiki guide is not bad.
Is it possible to run OS X programs on any version of Linux given that the drivers are there?I wanna get a MPB for my next year of university but I hate all that OS X offers. Will it be possible to put say Arch on it and run, say World of Warcraft?
Is it possible to run OS X programs on any version of LinuxNoWill it be possible to put say Arch on itYesand run, say World of Warcraft?If there's a WoW client for Linux, yeah.
Alright thanks, what would you say is the most supported version of Linux? Im only gonna use the laptop for browsing, typing, Skype and moives
what would you say is the most supported version of LinuxWhat? None of them supported.
I've tried that guide, and I can't make heads or tails of it. I'm really new to all this linux stuff. I just switched OS's after doing a bit of research and thisis the first thing I want to get set up. I've also tried using a few different setup scripts to no avail. If you don't mind me asking, how would I go about setting up a correct hostname?
How do I rotate a picture like this?
Photoshop
cool I'll try it

A good friend of mine needs a new laptop, because his previous one shitted itself 8 year old mac or something.I'm trying to help him get a new one, but I think I'm approaching him from the wrong angle. I'm trying to find him a good refurbished Latitude or Chinkpad for $400 more or less. But it isn't working that well.What's a good $400 laptop with a 14" FHD screen? Doesn't need to be new.Photoshop, or maybe Paint.net.A bit worried.Try cleaning it up a little, see if it improves. Replace the paste or get a bigger fan if that doesn't work.
Does he really need full HD? He's unlikely to find one at that price and size.
I need some help after my school jewed my out of my windows 7 activation.Is it safer to download a craked new win7 OS, or try re activtion it with DAZloader or rootkit thing.I'm only worried, because i cant afford to ruin the laptop right now, i do have access points backup to be safe.thanks
that is not a rotation, but a skew operation.It does not infact take place in three dimensions, but it has the effect that it does.Anything that isn't paint should do it.
So for whatever reason, I've received the Windows 10 upgrade notification on my Thinkpad T440 and even my goold ol' T500, but it is strangely absent from my brother's Y510p. The T500 runs Windows 7 Pro while the T440 and the Y510p are both running Windows 8.1. I've already installed the KB3035583 update on the Y510p, but for whatever reason it refuses to run. Is there any reason for this? All 3 computers are running OEM software even the T500, which originally came with XP installed so it can't be that the notifications are only being pushed to retail copies.
Ok, I think I got it solved. I guess when I installed my BD Drive my case fan came unplugged. I also moved cables around to work better with airflow. Thanks for everyone's help.
Well, in reality he doesn't. He won't use it for anything demanding. But he does want a pretty screen.But I guess I just want to get him a good thing. He's my pal and all.I managed to find an E6520 Dell latitude with FHD, 320 HDD and other cool trinkets for $490 with taxes and all.I want to get him a business laptop because I'm sure he'll use the thing for quite a while he kept the last one for 8 years, a lot for a laptop. These things are sturdy and it's easy to find parts.But he doesn't seem so sure. Maybe I'm approaching this from a tech guy angle and going overkill.
what are some /g/ approved email services?
cock.li But honestly just use Gmail.
openmailbox.org is a good one.French guy, seems really concerned about privacy.
Would GTX 960 work fine on ubuntu or other linux?Would it be hassle in any way?would it suck performance wise at all compared to windows?
Just use daz loader. It's safer than installing something pre-cracked. You'd literally be part of the botnet if you did that.That's not too bad for a passively-cooled heatsink that was totally not designed for it.I'd definitely convince him to get a business laptop. Show him how terrible consumer ones get when they get old and abused.
$400Good FHDGotta be a Thinkpad W510. Performance-wise it will be an upgrade over what he has now, weight and battery-wise it won't.
Botnet meaning Microsoft? or my digital life botnet?
Botnet meaning the literal definition of a botnet. Why on earth would you trust a pre-cracked ISO?
You can only help your friend if he is willing to help himself. A few years ago I was trying to push a lightly used business laptop on my friend before he went off to grad school. He said they were "too expensive" like $600 for a Thinkpad T410, considering the T420 had just come out it was a phenomenal price and he ended up getting some $399 piece of shit from Costco.Surprise surprise, the poorfag special crapped out 3 years later, and now he's going to drop another $399 on another shit laptop because he still hasn't learned his lesson.
Should i get another 8gb DDR3 stick of RAM? Or should i wait until DDR4 becomes relevant?
Get another 8GB stick
I hope this isn't too stupid for the thread.I'm getting a java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: 13when calling this from main, even though I'm setting the second argument in 0.Any help? private static String convertionint num,int l {                int x,i,j=l;        String roman = "";        int ord[]={1000,900,500,400,100,90,50,40,10,9,8,4,3};String[] letters = {"M","CM", "D", "CD","C","XC", "L","XL", "X","IX", "V","IV", "I"};ifnum=0        return roman;        ifnum=ord[l]{    romann+=letters[l];    num-=ord[l];    }    else{        l++;    }                convertionnum,l;    return roman;        } 
How do I remove these black bars on my second monitor? I use a 768p screen as main and a 1080p TV as secondary monitor, while the background completely covers the desktop on the 768p screen, every image I tried even ultra high res wallpapers still won't fill the 1080p desktop for some reason, I can drag icons and windows on the black bars just fine, only the background seem to cause problems. What do?
I'm not a huge Thinkpad connoisseur, but finding one from a trustworthy vendor seems a bit tricky.There's one in amazon, but I can't find much info on the vendor.I know that the W510/20 are pretty good though. You know if FHD is standard in those? I know the W540 is, but I'm not a fan of that stupid trackpad.I'm trying man. I really am.That's precisely what I want to prevent.$490 for that Latitude is crazy good too. But I can't force him.
Sorry, getting used to /g/ botnets jokes.Just asking. thanks for the help
2015only using one stick of ramCheck your wallpaper settings.Ebay is usually pretty good for prices.
That's not too bad for a passively-cooled heatsink that was totally not designed for it.What do you mean? I'm just using the Intel heatsink that came with the processor. Everyone told me that'd be fine since I'm not using a unclocked processor.
Corsair m65 or Logitech G502?
The fan was unplugged, so it was cooling it passively.
Check your wallpaper settingsI did, I tried everything: stretching, filling, etc but nothing changes.
Is there any reason not to at least reserve a W10 key or whatever it is they're asking me to do?

Until you actually install win10, no, not really unless you don't have any hard disk space at all.
you increase l with l++ and there are no checks to make sure it never goes beyond 12, so one of your ord[l] or the letters[l] call throw the exceptionare you trying to convert roman - decimal or decimal - roman?post the full code and use proper indentation you double faggot
Would GTX 960 work fine on ubuntu or other linux?Would it be hassle in any way?would it suck performance wise at all compared to windows???
Try setting the 1080p monitor as primary?Neat, but can you do this with the command line?It'll work fine, now stop fucking asking.
New to Debian. I'm going to dual boot when Win10 comes out, and I have a big archive of mp3s. Going to mainly use Linux but I need to use Win10 for iTunes and gaming and so on. Should I make sure they're on the Windows NTFS partition so both can access it?
Yeah. I know I couldn't even install windows when I had my storage in EXT3. Linux and windows will both read and detect the NFTS
Jokes on you faggot, that's not her Twitter account.
Try setting the 1080p monitor as primary?I think I'll di that, I was reading some other forums and all had the same issue, solution is to switch primary and then drag the taskbar/icons etc to the other screen, I jusy hope it won't reset everything after restart.
Eh, ok. Still better than the anon who found an empty account.
font? that looks amazing.
are you trying to convert roman - decimal or decimal - roman?The latter.post the full code and use proper indentation you double faggotHere, sorry for the eye-rape. public static void mainString[] args     {                int n1,n2,sum,prod;        String R1,R2;         String convertion=new String;        Scanner sc=new ScannerSystem.in;                System.out.print"Write two numbers between 1 and 4999 to write it in roman:\n";        n1=sc.nextInt;        n2=sc.nextInt;        sum=n1+n2;        prod=n1*n2;        R1=convertionsum,0;        R2=convertionprod,0;        System.out.printfR1;        System.out.printf"numbers:%d %d\n addition"+R1+" and product: "+R2, n1,n2;                    }    private static String convertionint num,int l     {                int x,i,j=l;        String roman = "";                int ord[]={1000,900,500,400,100,90,50,40,10,9,8,4,3};        String[] letters = {"M","CM", "D", "CD","C","XC", "L","XL", "X","IX", "V","IV", "I"};        ifl12 return roman;        ifnum=0 return roman;        ifnum=ord[l]    {    roman+=letters[l];    num-=ord[l];    }    else    {        l++;    }                convertionnum,l;    return roman;        }[\code]
I just thought I could reserve it and save the key for if I ever thought about upgrading. It's extremely unlikely but it doesn't hurt to get it while it's free.
Profont
Recommendations for Microphones, preferably not memeball yetis? Goal is for streaming.
can someone tell me about tile window managers for linux? do they have a steep learning curve to use over a traditional graphic ui?
I'm trying and failing to get awesome to run through xinitrc. Did I edit the xinitrc file incorrectly? Following wiki instructions, I'm a clueless noob.
sarahlondon
Is the moto G really waterproof? Or is water resistant? Like enough to bath with it?
The learning curve is maybe a few minutes for basic use. Using i3 as an example meta is usuall the windows key:meta+arrows to select a windowmeta+shift+arrows to move a windowmeta+number to switch workspacesmeta+shift+number to move a window to a different workspacemeta+w and meta+e to change between tiled and fullscreen for that workspaceThe mouse cursor also changes focus, and I find myself missing that and all the shortcuts when I use windows.
looks right, i use i3 and all i have to put is "exec i3"did you actually restart X?
yes, i tried both $ startx and $ xinit -- :1 -nolisten tcp vt$XDG_VTNR
I want to root.If I 'backup', what exactly is 'backed up'?Just photos,music and videos?Will my contacts their phone numbers, emails and pictures included be saved?
Your contacts should already be backed up to DA CLOUD
Hard drive won't format and is non accessible...Is it fried or is there anything else I can do to get it working?Don't care about the data on it
Is Darwin like an open source OSX, can it be used fine as a regular OS, why people don't talk about it?
260x or 280 for 900p and for 3 years from now? I ask because if i get a 280 i will need to replace my current psu 500w.
If you have a thumbnail on 4chan, and click it, the picture loads. Would the same amount of bandwidth be used if you click it again to make it a thumbnail again before the picture completely loaded?
I also tried i3 and that didn't work :/
Yes.click thumbnailclick again and go back to thumbnailwait a whileclick tumbnail againpic is fully loadedTry it with this one.
No, I mean, if you clicked away before it completely loaded. Would that use the same amount of bandwidth for opening the photo but not loading it completely.
What cpu do you have? The only way you would need to upgrade a 500W PSU for a GPU with a 200W TDP is if your cpu was drawing like, another 200W.
i7 4790k
No idea what you're trying to ask.
If you had one photo, and let it load completely, it uses a certain amount of bandwidth.If you have the same photo, and click it, it starts to load, but you click away before it completely finishes loading.Would that use the same amount of bandwidth?
Yes. It starts loading when you click the thumbnail. Going back to the thumbnail does nothing.
Thanks.
How do i stream my android screen to my laptop wirelessly?
automatically or only if i manually backup?and if the former, i have to ask 'which' cloud?
I'll try and make this brief:A C2D processor in my undervolt/speedstep project has 4 clock speeds.  The first 3 at 1000mHz, 1333mHz, and 1667mHz all run perfectly stable at 0.95v.  [the 4th max is 2000mHz at 1.025v]For cooling and power consumption purposes, is there any reason to ever run the processor lower than 1667mHz?
Dude you're fine, a 500W power supply will be enough.
Thanks
What is the objectively best smartphone available? A bunch of articles state it's the htc one but I want to get the /g/ consensus
How do I jew my way through a win7 activation?  Just reinstalled OS on an ssd and tried magic jelly bean key, and even called on the phone, but they wouldn't let me use my keyGoogling win7 home premium keygens all give me links that look shady af.
Oh and thanks, I already got it to work.
Nevermind, just as I'd given up, I am going to answer my own question:'As clock speed increases, voltage is constant and temperature increases linearly.' If you increase clock speed without increasing the chip's supply voltage, the chip temperature will increase. That is because the heat per cycle being generated does not change, but the heat per second does - more cycles per second. And the thermal conductivity of the materials is fixed, so the material heats up as more heat per second is generated. May not be exactly linear, but the effect is less severe than the effect of voltage increases. However, as above, people who increase clock speed often follow that with an increase in supply voltage to regain stability, and the combined effect is significant. That's why overclockers spend so much effort on heat removal. "
I just vacumed my laptops vents the other day, while it was running mind. It's an old Acer from like 2012, pretty good one though, I fucking love itThe Cpu fan tends to blow like crazy but immediately after I vacuumed it, it went almost completely silent. And it doesn't seem like it can reach that fanspeed anymore cause it hasn't done sinceDid I fuck it up when I vacuumed it? It could be that I removed a loot of dust when I cleaned it but I think that would be optimistic I kinda feel like it runs a little worse now as well
Download Daz Windows Loader
Laptop i7 2.8ghz 16gb ram 512gb ssd greater than 1080p screen integrated graphicsHow many years would these specs be relevant for?
Dude, never fucking vacuum electronics, always blow with compressed air, vacuums create static electricity which can fry sensitive components.
Which generation i7?Since you have integrated graphics i'm assuming this is a business laptop. If it has at least 4th gen haswell you should be good, especially with the SSD.
Why did Portage just do this? Webkit takes 45 fucking minutes to compile... And should I be running emerge as root? sudo emerge -avuDN --with-bdeps=y --keep-going world --quiet --backtrack=30... Emerging 104 of 108 net-libs/webkit-gtk-2.4.8-r200::gentoo Installing 104 of 108 net-libs/webkit-gtk-2.4.8-r200::gentoo Emerging 105 of 108 net-libs/webkit-gtk-2.4.8::gentoo
yeah but from outside the vents I didn't think it could do much harm, not that I knew this thenand I've always been vacuuming my consolesBut it still runs so I guess it's just a little fucked now? though I don't like thinking about that
Haswell technology from around 2013 - 2014
click thanks to view this linkmdl has gone downhill hard and fast
You probably have packages installed that rely on separate, specific versions of webkit. And as far as I know you can only run emerge as root, except with --search and --pretend.
I just started using linux today Xubuntu in particular, and most things are going pretty smoothly.However, I can't save images from Firefox by right-clicking and clicking "save image as", but for some reason I can drag the image to my desktop and have it save perfectly fine.I tried using safe mode in Firefox, but that didn't change anything, it still wouldn't save.How do I fix this?
Have a .zip file. Has some weird shit in it. Has a password. Probably has Chinese characters in it so it would take an eternity to brute force. Any other way to get the goods inside?
I can't save imagesWhy not? What happens when you try?
I updated the kernel on my Ubuntu VM, and now I am locked out of the root. I never changed the password. What the fuck happened?
Oh, and by the way, you can find out what packages you have installed that depend on webkit, and what versions they depend on, using equery:equery depends webkit-gtkIf there's a package that has "=net-libs/webkit-gtk-2.4.8" in its dependencies then it depends on that exact version hence the equal sign. Packages can also depend on greater than a certain version, equal to or greater then a certain version, less than a certain version, or less than or equal to a certain version of a package.
I right click, I click "Save Image as...", and nothing happens.On Windows, a new window would pop up and let me choose where to save it. Linux Firefox works the same way, right?
bruh go into your options, and firefox is prolly set to automagically save to downloads without asking
Thanks for the help!
what is the best rss reader
pocket, that's why it got integrated to firefox
You're talking about these options, right?If I set it to ask me where to download, it doesn't ask/no window pops up, and if I set it to save the downloads in a particular place, I don't find the images there after I attempt to save them, no matter what folder it's set to.
I dunno what to tell you then bruh
Gave my 2011 IMac to my parents. Want to format it and dual boot pirated Windows 8.1 onto it.I've already dual booted it once before with a probably virus filled/botnet Windows 7, so I'm ok with bootcamp.What's the best way to pirate Windows 8.1 getting the least viruses possible?I have a legit Windows 8.1 disc if that helps. The serial number is already being used on my comp.Sexy blasian booty pic from my personal stash as thanks in advance
Is the camera of the z3 compact any good? Is there a better option out there?
Just download the torrent with most seedsIf people are seeding is because it works
You're good. Obviously as long as you're not planning on doing much hardcore gaming, The occasional low spec games like LoL etc would run fine. But hardware wise, you're set.
when I click a channel link in YouTube, I want it to go to Videos instead of the stupid Home pageHOW DO?
are there any reasons to switch to cm12.1 if cm11 is fine? my phone only has unofficial cm12.1 builds, but is there a reason to try? inb4 muh materialethere's already lots of cm11 themes for that
Won't that be filled with viruses? The top one is a preactivated one.Or are the only options?:Pay for itTake your chances with the viruses and keyloggers.
Chrome's new avatar menu popped up again. Disabled in flags before and now the same tweaks won't make it disappear. Anybody knows a way around?
I'm trying to replace the windows 8.1 with bing on my shitty laptop with some form of linux to speed it up. I've tried to install both arch and mint on it but it won't boot from either of them even after I've create a bootable external drive and turned secure boot off and all the other stuff you have to do to boot from a foerign operating system on windows 8.1....what am i doing wrong? Is there something I'm missing???
How did you create the bootable flash drive? Do you have another flash drive that you can try?I once discovered that my laptop won't boot from one of my flash drives, but it does fine with every other one I've ever tried. I don't know why.
it's a brand new 1tb hard drive. does it have to be a usb drive? I didn't think it would make a difference
I don't know whether or not it would make a difference. It probably depends on how you are creating the unbootable drive. Are you using unetbootin? Something else?
If you really want it legit, go to reddit microsoftsoftware swap and buy a key for 20 bucks.
Been sitting here desperately trying to figure out what's going on with my PS3.  Keeps disconnecting, but is able to immediatley reconnect to my network.  When it's working there's usually no significant lag eitherTried setting it up in DMZ, setting Static IP; same thingMy router is within about 2-3 meters from the PS3My nearby laptop has zero connection issues, it's only the PS3It's an AT&T U-verse Router.  Unfortunately the place is not wired to be able to use the in-wall Ethernet ports which would be my first choice if it were.Surely a console within 2-3 meters of a router with decent signal shouldn't have issues.  And this is when nobody else is even using the internet and my PS3 displays it's strength as 100%What problems could be occuring here and what solutions might I be overlooking, or is it out of my control?I'm running out of solutions here.
resbond blease
Installing arch now.Once I format my drive and make a gpt drive, say I hate arch, will I be able to reinstall windows on the formatted drive with a gpt partition table?
I think I've fixed it! thanks! just doing the other steps and I'll see if it works ayyyy
Why are there only than two competitive cpu/video companies?
If it's right next to the router why can't you run a cable from the router?
I was just getting a bunch of blue screens because my wireless driver was crazy out of date. How do I prevent such a thing in the future? I thought Windows was supposed to get new drivers automatically, but it clearly doesn't do so.
Not sure off the top of my head, but google the bootloader fixes for windows where you boot a repair disk.
I misspoke when I said 2-3 meters.  It is pretty close, maybe 6 meters away, but it's through a main hallway that would be in the way for sure.I'm wondering if I can use one of my old routers and use that as a secondary router to connect my PS3 to directly and have that connect to my main router.I'll have to read up on it, as I have no idea if that'd be a good solution anyway
If your older router supports bridge mode you can do it.
It only does for drivers that are apart of windows update...Not every 3rd party drivers has it within windows update, that's up to microsoft.
Can someone translate this legal mumbo-jumbo into plain english?* Redistributions in binary form or of source code may be sublicensed under  different terms, provided that license does not attempt to limit or alter  distributors' rights to any underived work. If identifiable sections  of a combined work are not derived from this, or derivatives thereof, and  can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves,  then the sublicence, and its terms, must not apply to those sections.
I posted this list in the previous thread, and now I have slightly tweaked it. Any input would be greatly appreciated.
You can use or distribute the code in something and put it under an additional license, but that license can't change your rights to that code.This new license can only apply to the code you're taking and not other parts of your work.
assuming this is for gaming?if you're multi-monitoring, the CPU is ok games on one screen and 4chan/gameguides/movies on others, but if you're only using 1 monitor strictly for games, that cpu is overkill.16gb for nonmultitasking see above is too high, 8gb is enoughnot really comfortable with 620w PSU nowadays, i prefer headroom when i plan on upgrades/adding another GPU for SLI, Personally I would get 750w but that's me
I want to buy a high-end computer from 1998. Which one is right for me?
Really need help here,I have an Ubuntu laptop that I need to install windows on. There is no disc drive so I created an NTFS partition for windows through USB.My issue is that when I boot through the USB, it just boots Ubuntu. Help is much appreciated
Ignore this guy What the fuck does the CPU have to do with multi-monitoring.Anyway, consider getting a beefier CPU cooler if you plan on OC'ing, Maybe a Noctua NH D14.
assign Boot priority to your USB from the BIOS
When I did that it just boots Ubuntu
eat a dick lmao
so you're suggesting an i7 4790k for a strictly gaming pc?nice one man! good call!try removing the disk drive with Ubuntu in it from the Boot Priority list
I tried that and it just boots back to Ubuntu, sorry but I came here as a last resort
last resort: physically detach the HDD with ubuntu from your laptop's boardif it still boots ubuntu ur laptop's been possessed by the ubuntu ghost
Thanks for your help anyways, I'll try finding another ISO or use a different USB
, 
If you want to learn a new programming language, how you organize your topics?VariablesData typesInput and outputConditionsLoops...
i read the documentation
I just start doing unless it's super far out there like haskell learn on the way by experimentation, errors, and googling
Imagine a world where the documentation is poor
Variables and datatypes, i/o, loops and control structures can all be learnt in the first half hour
Read popular and good implementations of the language
This
I do my next project in that new programming language instead.
Variables Data typesInput and outputConditions Loopsfunctionsobjects/classesIm getting so sick of the fact that ALL programming books organize their chapters in this same format. Just for once Id like to see a programming book that just shows how to use all the syntax together as a whole instead of breaking up the syntax types into seperate chapters
I read a book.
, 
, 
Facebook is launching a "lite" version of its Facebook app because Android is too laggy.Lagdroid users btfo.
I assume this is for low-connectivity markets i.e. the third world
I assume this is for the third worldMuch like Android itself. :^
Android is laggy crappy shit that lags harder than a fucking constipated shit from an ass. I used an Android once and it took that laggy Lagdroid piece of lagshit 4 goddamn shitty hours of lag to lag its way into Google's botnet and then they sent the NSA to my house. I threw that piece of fucking laggy shit out the window and it even lagged on the way down because Lagdroid lags like a shitty poop from an ass or butt and then someone saw the piece of shit Lagdroid on the ground and thought I took a shit out the window so the police came to my house 3 days later because the person who called used a Samshit Lagdroid which is a stupid phone for dumb idiots and I got a ticket for shitting out the window. After that, I bought an Apple iPhone. Not only does it never lag, it actually reads my mind and brings up what I want as soon as I think of it. I get mad bitches now because bitches love guys who use Apple products instead of shitty Lagdroid poop and I couldn't be happier. None of you fat neckbearded fat fucks could possibly understand how great it is to own an iPhone because you're all poorfags and virgins.Apple’s iPhone 5 touchscreen is 2.5 times faster than Android devices
Much like Android itself. :^white people don't use Android. android is for poor niggers, curryniggers, sandniggers and chinks.don't believe me? go on Google Play and look at the names & pictures of people who review Android apps. there's no white people there.go on XDA forums... 95% of it is currynigger.white people  don't use android.
holy shit, it's real!class="quote" less than 1 MB in sizekek... it's just another WebKit wrapper. Facebook doesn't waste time on native apps for Android. they just give them shitty web apps.
2013
ass or buttI crack up every time.
that's the point... nothing has changed. it can't change because of the way Android is designed.It’s not GC pauses. It’s not because Android runs bytecode and iOS runs native code. It’s because on iOS all UI rendering occurs in a dedicated UI thread with real-time priority. On the other hand, Android follows the traditional PC model of rendering occurring on the main thread with normal priority.This is a not an abstract or academic difference. You can see it for yourself. Grab your closest iPad or iPhone and open Safari. Start loading a complex web page like Facebook. Half way through loading, put your finger on the screen and move it around. All rendering instantly stops. The website will literally never load until you remove your finger. This is because the UI thread is intercepting all events and rendering the UI at real-time priority.
This is mostly true.There are certainly some white people who do use Android but they're hard to typify. On the one hand I think virgin gamer nerd, but then again gaming is massively better on iOS. I also think computer/technology enthusiast, but then again you'd think they'd want to use the best and most advanced again iOS
Most of the world isn't white people.Get over it.
That's not true.Quit cherry picking reports where the guy writing it ADMITS HE'S WRONG.
all that information is also outdated. this was an issue in 2012-2013. it's not anymore.
That's not true.he doesn't admit shit. he's right. and android will always lag.always.lag.lllllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggg
outdatedFuck no. Android still lags.xda-developersinto trash it goes.jpg
shitpostingdisregarding direct conclusive evidence
iPhone's hardwarebest and most advancedWhat the fuck have you been smoking? Current iPhones have significantly underpowered and lacking hardware performance compared with current Android flagships at around the same price.
iOS is better than Android, however.
good I need this because I'm on an older phone
White people make up some shit like 15% of the world, cunt.
The current Facebook app for Android is a native app.
so does apple
The ability to ingrain stereotypes like this into the head of an ordinary person is a marketer's wet dream.Apple must have hired literally the greatest marketing team that ever existed.
Nope.Android phones just overclock and include a lot of ram, both of which serve to cover-up for Androids terrible efficiency and to rape the battery.The iPhone was first with 64bit. Has always had the most advanced GPU. Has by far the most efficient perfromance-per-watt chips anywhere. Has always lead with sensors.
If this proposition is solely based in terms of consistenct peformance with no lag then yes. But that's largely because the iOS environment is very limited regarding the tasks users can perform on it. It doesn't support third-party customisations for instance. TL;DR it's mainly because iOS was designed to be simple for simple people.
The facebook app for both iOS and Android is essentially a very very well optimized web-app. It's not using native APIs on either platform.
class="quote"She clarifies things about Android that I got wrong, and fundamentally rejects the thesis of this post by suggesting that the increased security and flexibility of the Android platform over iOS is a cause of performance overhead and that increasingly fast hardware will help resolve the issue:She clarifies things about Android that I got wrongthings about Android that I got wrongthat I got wrongwrong
iOS was designed to be simple for simple people.Android has ruined "simple iOS" by competing with Apple and forcing them to destroy iOS by adding shitty features.
Can we be done now
Prove it?
Apple's team was beaten out by the people who made diamonds a rarity and a requirement for marrying someone

Literally just an info page on React and Node.What is this supposed to mean.
Can't post links 4chan thinks they're spam. Google 'react native facebook'. Facebook has ported their website sdk to iOS and Android to allow them to use web technologies/techniques to build mobile apps.
It's pretty evident that the Facebook apps aren't 100% native as they sometimes change/add/remove features without updating the app.
Lol at all you sheeple bitching about android when you use iPhones.
He says right there that it is actually slower though, and that she explains why it's slower. Can you read?
android phone comes preloaded with facebook appits 109MBIt's a fucking website loading in webviews. Why is it 109MB? What possible reason could it have for being so bloated?
Why does xda refresh infinitely?
more coars and ghz is better!Android userbase, everyone.
thinking white people are the majority        :^
need space for the botnet.dat
Is the untouched app really that large though? Probably cache and stuff. An app has many sizes.size for downloadsize when unpacked/installedsize after it fetches additional contentsize after it's caches a bunch of shit
like the browser version but fasterokaywithit.png
Anyone ITT try it yet? Would be fun to know how the "experince" is compared to the full app version. I don't have Facebook so I can't test u myself un?fortunately.
a lot of their forums are posted in very frequently. same reason 4chan x allows you to auto refresh new data onto the page. xda has that function built in.
2015Using facebook
honestly at this point i completely agree. it's useful for some stuff, but i work at a job that hires a lot of judgemental people and straight up faggots who think adding people on facebook means they're really friends. so sick of sending them all to the acquaintance pile and blocking all their cat pictures and dumb shit i give no fucks about
been off it since the start of the year and feel great.
But I can't fucking scroll down the page because it is always fucking refreshing until I hit escape to make it stop.
Hilarious that people care about using facebook on their phone too, fucking call them you anti-social pricks
Actually it looks like the APK itself is just 25MB. How it managed to get over 100MB of extra data onto my phone without being used I don't know. Probably botnet.
I have a first gen iPad miniyesterday I tried to use it and within half an hour it completely crashed and reloaded the home screenThis was with me browsing the web whilst using spotifyIf that's the best and most fucking advanced OS then I think I'll stick with lagdroid and wondows
This, even many normies have stopped using facebook.
look at the names & pictures of people who review Android apps. there's no white people there.Probably writing paid reviews in their time between taking service calls and doing "Windows support."
muh single-threaded core performancemuh touch screen sensitivitymuh innovashun
The reviews, which you see are from people in your area.
have been watching Android device reviews on YouTube all day looking for a used backup phone to compliment my iPhoneat least 90% of Android phone reviewers are non-white
The reviews, which you see are from people in your area.Retard, they're on the web too. Change IP through proxy. They stay the same.I'm in the US and in one of the whitest parts of the country Oregon and there's no white people on Google Play reviews when I check them out on web or on my old tablet. Whites simply do not use Android since most of Android stuff is cheap shit made for developing markets. Google is aggressively going after lower-income users on a global scale. The company recently launched Android One in India, which allows device manufacturers to make $100 smartphones. Apple, by contrast, prefers to sell its iPhones for more than $600.when you use Android, you're using the same phone & apps that literally the world's poorest and dumbest people use.
Top lel, about the same as a 2013 android flagship. There are people ITT who GENUINELY believe Apple makes 'good' hardware
being thiss assblasted about living in a ghettocalm down Ben
Who even runs a facebook app?  Is it that important you need to check your facebook on mobile?  Run it in a normal browser on your PC.
I can post things too.
Iphone 5c is like $200 or something.muh secrit club

American detected.
Apple will drop iPhone 5 support in new iOS versions soon, which will mean apps will stop supporting it in updates which means you will be stuck with old versions of apps that may stop working.If you buy an iPhone you are pretty much forced to upgrade within a couple of generations because you just won't get OS updates anymore.This is pretty much true with official Android roms, but at least you can switch to other roms like Cyanogen. My Galaxy Note first gen is running Android 4.4 currently.
Apple will drop iPhone 5 support in new iOS versions soon, which will mean apps will stop supporting it in updates which means you will be stuck with old versions of apps that may stop working.If you buy an iPhone you are pretty much forced to upgrade within a couple of generations because you just won't get OS updates anymore.AHHAHAHAHAHA... shilling this hard and spreading lies and nonsense... ahahahhahahahaBack in the real world:iOS 9 will be optimized for older devices, including iPhone 4Sclass="quote"This is pretty much true with official Android roms, but at least you can switch to other roms like Cyanogen. My Galaxy Note first gen is running Android 4.4 currently.Part of this is true. The only "customers" getting fucked are morons buying Samshit, Motorola and all other chink shit ‘droids’ because they receive ZERO updates including ZERO security updates. They’re abandonware as soon as you buy them because OEM’s don’t give a fuck about them after they separate you from shekels.
AHHAHAHAHAHA... shilling this hard and spreading lies and nonsense... ahahahhahahahaHappened to my iPod touch. Won't trust Apple to keep the support going.
motorolachinkshitAre you retarded?
Happened to my iPod touch. Won't trust Apple to keep the support going.nigga please. if you want to see a lack of support, buy fucking Android. you get zero support and if you root, you lose customer service support too. ever tried Lollipop on older devices? it's a fucking slideshow. being this out of touchchinks bought Motorola from Google like 2 years ago or something. been a while anyway. yes, they're chink shit.
, 
WHY IS HE ALWAYS WEARING THAT SHITTY RED POLO OR SOME SHITTY PONCHODOES HE LITERALLY NOT OWN ANYTHING ELSEIS THIS HIS WHOLE NET WORTHA RED POLO SHIRT?!
/fa/
obvious
He has already stated he wants to be like Steve Jobs, His idle.
RMS pls leave
Have you considered that he looks sexy in that shirt?
Standards
It's so that he can walk into Target and steer people away from proprietary software
Wii Uhaving to steer people away
red = dangerhe's telling people he's a fucking lunatic
Does anyone else love communism imagery but hate gommies?
why the hate?
He is still butthurt that Steve Jobs beat him to the black mock turtleneck.
Red = profit loss to companies.He's fucking crazy so he thinks it's a joke despite making absolutely ZERO impact on the "evil corporations" he fights.
Why aren't you eating free food from your foot, you grocery shopping shills?
Come on. We all have that one shirt we look really good in. Richard is killing it in these.
Why yes. Yes I do.
He can't afford anything else.

welp

lol.
meh.  zero impact is a pretty broad generalization.  People hear his message, they're bound to be curious.
because he is a class cuck
me...nazi imagery is better though...But, unlike gommie stuff, you cant wear it in public...
red is a power color
Wearing a red tshirt gets you more women.Its something due to us being evolved from monkeys. When monkeys have a red ass they are keen to fuck. So when a woman sees a red shirt its subliminally telling them that this guy is ready to fuck. My dad told me this and he works for nintendo
being this autistic.
Is it bad that I've never noticed that?
Hey guys, i'm currently trying to setup a music server using icecast 2.3.3 on centos 6.6. I have icecast installed and running, and I can connect to the web interface by doing a curl 127.0.0.1:8000 , but I can't access the web interface from my publicly visible hostname.I'm under the impression at this point that it's a firewall problem. My router is setup so that 8000-8001 are open, and i've tried opening these ports with iptables using the followingiptables -A INPUT -p tcp --dport 8000 -j ACCEPTiptables -A INPUT -p tcp --dport 8001 -j ACCEPTBut that hasn't helped. I've never really fucked with iptables before, so i'm hoping it's as simple as me setting that up wrong.
Curlbro pls go
: what's wrong with curl?
, 
RPi thread?What do you do with yours /g/?It's so slow I can' really find a use to it? Wanted to use as a Backup network server, but it takes ages to backup every time
Webserver basic HTML 4, SSH, and IRC for the first model.On the second model, I can do a Minetest server.
Is the second iteration much more faster than the first one, or just a slight bump?
A mini cluster with 7 pi for an university work: a P2P network crawler Kad, Gnutella and Ares for the moment.1 master with MongoDB and webserver NodeJS with an API and the web for manage the cluster.6 workers with our software.
i have both, the RPi2 is a lot faster. Also less stuff to compile yourself, but when you do it's a big difference
Bought the 2nd edition, played with it for a while, left it somewhere to collect dust, I only power it up to show people that I have one. It's great and all, but I don't think it's worth buying if you don't have any plans on using it, and have to ask people on the internet what to do with it.
I host my own website on mine. Just broke 200 days uptime on it, running smooth. Cheaper than paying for hosting, since I don't need that much bandwith.
What do you do with yours /g/?support feminismIt's so slow I can' really find a use to it?irrelevant for smashing the patriarchy
jejSeriously though why do people still buy these when there are better alternatives at a lower cost?
why do people buy these when there are better alternatives at a lower price?There are? Gibe plz
I thank God that I didn't get a chance to buy one because of the mad rush. The wave of regrets which I saw afterward was shocking.What I wanted was to "computerize" any setting I was in. Basically a management platform for various devices which would be relevant to a given location. My car was going to be the first place that I experimented.Then I realized they make these cheap things called "tablets" which fit the bill perfectly.
OpenVPN server.
SSH jump host
I fit it inside a dead Macintosh SE/30 case with a 8" LCD monitor and a power supply, then I stuck some ports on the back. It's now a Macintosh with Basilisk II.
what are you running?planing on doing exactly this with an nginx and flask setup
Would running a node server on it be worth it? Or should I just use the money to rent a vps?
A node for what and what kind of volume of traffic?
I was thinking of getting one soon for a few projects.  Namely for hosting a voip server mumble, as well as a simple file transfer server.  Will the microSD card be enough for the file transferring?  As in speed, not capacity.
automated dog feeder with one and a hummingbird webcam with the other.
Originally bought mine to stream media from, but then the chromecast was announced which does everything I want and more except for live streaming, I can't seem to master that.I was considering using mine as a wifi booster, but I could never be arsed going through with it.
Me and maybe 10 or so many of my friends at a time. It's just for learning purposes really. I'd probably also host a portfolio site on it too.
Will the microSD card be enough for the file transferring?  As in speed, not capacity.href="#p48332099" class="quotelink"Yes, but what kind of a node? Proxy or VPN?
Oh no I mean a node.js server because I'm a student and stupid.
I think it should work.You can even run the Play framework, if you really want to.Probably not going to perform all that well in either case, but I'd think it won't matter for your tinkering.
Mhm sounds fair enough. How easy is it to do IO stuff with it as compared to say an uno board because I'm messing with one of those in a class and I really enjoy it, yet don't really want to buy two microcomputers.
If y'all want some real fun, install Blather on that shit for some simple voice recognition.
I hooked mine up to an old VT420 terminal. It works, and it looks rad as hell, but I unfortunately don't use it all that much
such as?
I tried to make a pandora player but pianobar couldn't handshake with pandora.
Apache on raspbian. Pretty much stock.
Raspberry pis are useless piece of shit, fit only for SJW cock sucking faggotsBuy a fucking o-droid already
oh look, its the same odroid shill from every raspberry pi thread!how's life in a cardboard box?
Odroid C1
more expensive50% more in my case if you include shipping.maybe if I desperately needed gigbit I would consider it, but otherwise Raspi is far better.
Mine's a portable kali box. Makes for a good tool if I need wifi in a pinch.
Torrent BoxBackup ServerEmail ServerI have a 1TB HDD hooked up to itits joyful 3
Raspi is far better.Raspberry Pi is an unusably slow piece of shit.  Not even the Pi 2 can compare with an Odroid-C1Backup Serverlmfao its so slow it would take you 3 days to back up 1TB of data.  It would be easier to plug the USB drive into your computer faggot.
Man, everyone here is doing cool shit with their Pis, and I'm simply using my old B+  to run Kodi.
Play tictactoe against shitty AI.
fuck off junkie
tripfaggot odroid shill gets triggereddoes this make you mad?lol better earn your minimum wagemore shill posts, come on!
you are the main reason I bought a pi2 over an odroid-c1your constant shilling in these threads is ridiculous
I want to hook up a family cloud and email service. We get Aussie NBN soon.I read a little bit about ArkOS. Is there a chance it will be worth using?
triple doubles deserves reply
freedomboxsoic flashing libreboot bios onto thinkpads
gpio is super easy with the pi, there's lots of libs i generally use lbcm2835 in cfor languages that don't have native libs, you can expose the gpios in the sysfs and then read/write them with shell commandsnode performance on my raspi 1 model b+'s is...eh, kinda dicks, honestly, which is why i usually end up writing c when i'm doing anything remotely timing-sensitive and even then it's kinda slowit's totally usable, but i wouldn't recommend it on any scale larger than prototyping, and having 10 node processes running at once would probably strain the shit out of it
I honestly think your probably the only person that actually used their Raspberry Pi and probably wouldn't have bought them if the odroid-c1 was an option at the time.These guys claiming they use it for torrents or as a backup server are just full of shit.  Its too slow to do those things.
the only person that actually used their Raspberry Pinot the only personi have one bolted to my breadboard with a wireless usb dongle lol dongle plugged into it, it's fucking great for prototyping
I made a twitter bot with mine: simple stuff. Right now it pulls from a list of about 40000 sentences.
wow, automatic shitposting
RetroPie Emulation StationOpenELEC Kodi playerJust wish I could get Netflix working on it though.
How do you guys feel about the Surface Pro 3. I'm in the market for something new after 5 years with a Macbook Pro and want something nice. I'm caught between the i5 version of this thing or a having a go at building a PC myself which could end in disaster.
i got virus is very bad
its keyboard pisses me off and the whole thing seems lik a gimickbut a lot of people like it so why would yoiu listen to me try a thinkpad x1 carbon
Came here to say this. The keyboard is utter utter wank.
Just left a mid-2010 MBP for a lenovo Y40-80 with 16GB of ram an hte 4GB gpu. So far I'm pleased after putting a stock version of 8.1 on without the lenovo bloat.
OP here. I do a lot writing, so a comfy keyboard is essential. I guess the Meme Pro 3 is off the table. Any suggestions for something nice and portable for $800-$1000. CDN
I have one of these things and the type cover keyboard is actually pretty good in my opinion. This is coming from a Thinkpad as my previous main laptop.
How did the Macbook Pro go for 5 years of use?
I'm still using my 2010 MBP and it's working fine.
How the fuck is your decision between one of the most portable computes available, and a custom built pc tower? You either need portability or you don't. Get your fucking life together jesus christ
I've always wanted a nice rig, but I also don't want to downgrade to a shitbox laptop. So I want performance at the end of the day. I'm leaving towards a nice laptop though because I'm not really looking to game now that I think about it.
check this guide out for options
I've had my MBP since 2009, the screen went bad after 3 years to be honest it suffered a 4 foot fall on stone tiled floor and a few 1 foot drops , luckily Apple replaced it even though my warranty was a month expired. Besides that the first 3 to 4 years were flawless. Year 5 came with complete battery decay to the point where it lasts 20 minutes without the charger plugged in. One of my ram slots went bad as well now I'm operating on Yosemite with 2gs of ram only. I can hardly run one program at a time. Software like Photoshop are unusable. All in all it was worth it and I'll miss the son of a bitch but it is time to wrap it up.
Just get a new battery and an 8GB DIMM. Way less than the cost of a whole new computer
Do you think a chink store would do this for me? I really don't want to give apple like $500 bucks for repairs. Also what are the chances of something else being wrong with it? Would the dead ram really account for the 80% slowdown? The processor is a 2.53 dual core if that helps.
Are you retarded? Go online and buy the parts and put them in yourself. The ram literally pops in and out and the battery is attached with a single screw and a power connector.
I'm typing on one right now OP.The hardware is amazing besides bad thermal design and you can't swap batteries and the OS is absolute garbage but windows 10 might be nice and you could always put linux on it I guess.The surface 3 non-pro is much cheaper and not much slower.  Consider that.
Forgot to add that the macbook often doesn't wake up from sleep mode when I close and lift the lid. Just sleeps forever until I force it to turn off.
besides bad thermal design and you can't swap batteries and the OS is absolute garbageJesus Christ
But he saidslots went badI doubt it's as easy to fix as just swap the RAM  modules.
No, he said *a slot* went bad. The thing had two slots with a 2GB dimm in each. One slot one bad, so he has one usable slot. He can buy a single 8GB dimm and put it in the working slot
Almost no laptops let you swap batteries anymore.
That doesn't make it acceptable
Jesus Christ, I'm still sleeping, didn't think about that at all. Of course this is a way.
Why does every computer I've had done this? Pre-built, HP, Dell, Linux Mint.. you name it. It has always happened at least once.
The signal to wake from sleep is a one time deal. It isn't polled for.If the rudimentary system that your computer becomes during sleep misses the signal to wake up, it just won't. It's not polling every quarter second or something to see if the lid is opened because that would wasteful design in an efficiency-critical scenario. Instead, there's a mechanism built into the chassi that causes a cascade of logic circuits to operate when your lid is opened, and that's supposed to tell everything to get back to work as fast as possible. If your CPU happens to be in some particular state where it can't respond properly to the low level request to wake, then the signal passes, it remains unaware of it, and the signal doesn't come again.This is exacerbated by the fact that the CPU being awake is necessary for the low level sleep/wake logic to be reset, so now you've got hardware components that are asleep, and a sleep/wake circuit that thinks your computer should be awake and now has no way of being told one way or the other.The problem still exists because there's no way to completely eliminate the problem without taking a hit to sleeping power consumption, or a hit to wakeup time, which most manufacturers aren't willing to do.
My friend has a Surface 2, it's pretty good. I'm considering getting a Surface 3 non-pro for school but I want to see if anything interesting with USB C will come out first.
Sounds really shitty. Why doesn't the computer just resend the signal when I hit the space bar for example?
It's bound physically to the process. Do you really want your CPU receiving a hard WAKE interrupt every second while you type? Do you want to process it first to see if it's redundant to send right now? Too bad, all your hardware's asleep.More importantly, how are you going to convince management that you need to run a new line through the keyboard's ribbon cable to implement a shitty hack solution for a problem that isn't supposed to be happening in the first place?
Thank you anon, very informative. This is why I never let any of my desktops hibernate anymore.
What is the lightest web browser and why is it internet explorer?
It's actually Dillo.
it's actually wget
Lack of extensions? Or have they finally added that?
That's not a web browser.
IE have had extensions for ages. The extension system is called Active X.
watching youtube 1080p on my laptop on chrome or firefox uses 100% cpu and struggles like fuckon ie its about 20%cant wait for edge
What is /g/'s preferred audio player on Mac that can play FLAC?Converting all my files to ALAC to use in iTunes was a waste of my time. 30GB of music.
Converting all my files to ALAC to use in iTunes was a waste of my time.haahahaha idiot
Vox Player
I still use Winamp despite it being outdated with little signs of any future updates
MusicBee
why was it a waste of time?FLAC and ALAC are both lossless, so you dont lose anything
cmus
But then you're stuck using ALAC and not all media players and phones happily support that. Oh, but iPhone does :^Seems kinda inconvenient due to that. Other than that I guess it's alright.
vlc or foobar under wine just use homebrew to install wine and it is easy to run foobar
looks like im a cmus convert now
What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to startclass="quote"Learning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.md Useful tools- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentHow I Got a Job in Web Development
Hey /wdg/!I was wondering if anyone knows of any good text editors on android that include web preview and whatnot, somewhat like diet coda on iOS. Does an app like this exist..? Please I'm desperate ;-;Or if not, a web server php and sql needed, that would be neat that works on android could work, but all of the ones I've tried didn't.
0. that's a really bad idea1. get a linux vps2. install apache, php, mysql3. ssh in and run emacs or vim in a terminal4. profit
I want to make a simple startpage for myself, but I don't know where to start.

Why is that a bad idea..? And that destroys the point. If I have access to a vps, then I have internet, then I probably wont be using my tablet because I'll be at home with my computer.
idk, i use a real computer for that shit because i'm neither a poorfag nor a masochistbut i guess there's something called vimtouch for android and there seems to be an emacs .apk as welland i guess if you have an actual shell on the tablet i.e. you can ssh into localhost or w/e and you install python, then you cancd ~/dongs/webshitpython -mSimpleHTTPServer 12345 &and then open in the browser to get a live previewsimilarly, if you have a real shell and ideally root, then you can either install this thing called "KSWEB" that i guess claims to be a whole LAMP stack in a box, or you can, in extremis, install a compile toolchain and build your own apache/php/mysql to run as android services, however the fuck that worksanyway good luck, you should totally get a real computer though, it makes all this a ton easier
I am both a poorfag and a masochist. So thanks for that help man. I'll check that all out.
most/all of these can be done in a browser:you need something to do, poke at it and tell me it's shit
What I'm currently working on. Dunno what to put into the third box though. Ideas?Gonna put it on Github soon.
get rid of the left and middle boxesgive it glados quotes for error messages and like thatmake the interface properly unixy e.g. "reddit -h" or "reddit --help", like thatextra bonus points: use the chrome js speech synth api to make it talk
What is the best and most easy to use small web framework for work with MySQL/MariaDB databases and a good and easy to use template language.It'll only be for a small and internal project, the language doesn't really matter since I think for a project this scale I can quickly learn a new one.But a good MySQL/MariaDB driver and an easy templating language is important.I already tried flask but I couldn't get the bloody MySQL driver to install properly, neither sqlalchemy. So I got a pretty old mysql driver, it works but it's quite hacky and I'm not sure if it's a good idea to use old shit, even for an internal project.
Because of course you're a fucking redditor, aren't you?Throw in some scan lines, fuzz up the aperture logo and for fuck sake fix the dates and version number.
you could always build REST microservices and an angular SPA clientthen you don't have to dick around with a server-side framework and your template language is HTML use zencoding/emmet so you don't wear your fingers down typing brackets
a fucking redditorthat's a serious problem right therebetter add some 4chan api integration if you want to be taken seriously 'round here, boy
Thanks for your input.get rid of the left and middle boxesWell, they're there in the credits of Portal 2, so I put them in there.give it glados quotes for error messages and like thatAlready doing that, the one error message you see is a quote except the "Error.".make the interface properly unixyGood idea, gonna do that. Currently I'm having a "help" program taking the first parameter as the program the user needs help with.text to speechNah, won't do that. Websites with sound suck, also I'd need to use the voice of GLaDOS.I love you too, random stranger.Good point about the date and version number. Dunno where to get the version number of the credits screen though.The logo is more or less like the one on the credits screen, what exactly am I supposed to change about it?Gonna do that.
what's your problem with reddit you cunts? I used it for a long time and I just browsed the tech related subreddits. You know, you don't have to look at their memes and shit, there are a lot of good subreddits for learning programming, keeping up with tech news and such. When people here talk about "muh secret club" I just cringe, it means that you are not capable of unsubcribing from the shit you don't like and subcribing to the shit you do like.
they're there in the credits of Portal 2use them the same way the portal 2 credits sequence does, or get rid of themif they're useless, keeping them does the style more harm than getting rid of themthe user interface is complete dogshit, is my problem with itit makes 4chan look like a fucking marvel of effortless usabilityand even in the topic-centered subreddits there's more circle jerking than i care to put up with, it reminds me of the bad old livejournal days
the user interface is complete dogshitEh.. that's a bit shallow because reddit is a content agregator, it isn't there to be pretty but to show links to content. And it does that job pretty well.What kind of circlejerking will you find in /r/learnpython? Huh? No kind at all, but you go into subreddits that contradict your opinion and circlejerk in the other direction than what you would like so you hate it.
Currently working on a level/exp calculator for a  3DS game. Would it be save to put this on the Google Play store once finished if I don't generate money with it? Or should I fear of Nintendo or the developer to take it down?I stumble on it every once a while when I search for something on Google. The community is horrible though. Circle jerks in every thread just like in any community forum. And I thought our generals were bad. Pic related
Using materialize-css here guys, and none of the JS is working.. Dropdowns, collapsibles, etc
I'm currently implementing the 4chan function on my GLaDOS console.What the hell am I supposed to use as link text, like, the title of a thread? There are a shitton of threads not having any titles at all.
I love you too, random stranger.W-wanna cuddle?For the logo, I dunno, make it more "CRT/Running over shitty analog cables with interference/video signal generated by switching the gpio on an AVR really fast"-y. Maybe I've spent so much time looking at shittily compressed images of it that a nice clean image like yours just looks wrong.Here's some examples:for the version, here:cjohnson, tier3It was just mindless shitposting, but if you wanna know the site culture's just shit, and that DOES spill over to all boards, anything and everything gets praised, and the entire conversation system is modeled around an echo chamber. I come to 4chan for discussion, not fucking article aggregation.
Sounds like a little overkill for what I'm trying to do.I just want an easy way to crunch MySQL data and output some shit.
Eh.. that's a bit shallow because reddit is a content agregator, it isn't there to be pretty but to show links to content. And it does that job pretty well.And I wrote "not fucking article aggregation." before having read that. You know that it's only useful for one thing and it's shit at that at best. It doesn't even try to compete with 4chan in terms of discussion. The comments might as well be just youtube comments, they're there but you don't really need them, all that matters is the view count and number of upvotes.
Or should I fear of Nintendo or the developer to take it down?Does it break the game or really fuck with online?
subject || "" + excerpt from start of OP's postlook at how the catalog does iti think you should be fine putting it on the storeidk if the "pre-show" countdown for the fallout 4 trailer is still up, but if so, that might be worth a look, they had some vaguely neat crt-ish effects going on therealso idk if you can do a barrel distortion effect with css transforms, but if so, that's more crucial to producing the "crt look" than anything elseafter that, scanlinesafter that, everything elseall that matters is the view count and number of upvotesso it's basically hacker news with bloat
How many posts in until someone posts "Install gentoo"
27, apparently
It doesn't alter or enhance the game itself, but I do plan on using their assets like object previews.
Fuck, this whose system could be used to judge the quality of the thread.27 posts in, this probably isn't a thread about someone asking why their new build's not turning on after forgetting the standoffsShould be fine on play store then.
if you embed the assets in the app, that's probably copyright infringementif you fetch them from some public source, that's probably finethis whose system could be used to judge the quality of the threadyou know that is an excellent point
Okay I can see now how the logo is a bit too good looking. Gonna change that next.I'm using catalog.json but I can't find anything called "subject".Already decided to use just the first 100 chars or something after stripping out the HTML.
I can't find anything called "subject"see e.g. each post with a subject has a sub member
Syntax: 4chan [board] [pagenumber]Whatcha thinking?Welp, I already "solved" it.
might be easier to read with some formatting, there's lots of spots where you could stand to add a space
Or if not, a web server php and sql needed, that would be neat that works on android could work'Servers Ultimate' has you covered. Might need root, thoughIt has all server software you could possibly want
What is it?I hope those links are clickable because nobody wants to read a whole thread in that font. Come to think of it, I would just go on reddit and search from there instead of using a glados themed text browser. But it looks cool
Yes, the links are clickable.
Who /meteor/ here?
Anybody here know DNN well?  I'm trying to make a module for my website and it needs to make queries through the local database.  What's the most appropriate way to connect?
I'm starting to have clients now. My set up is I set them up a VPS and host their site on it.When should I consider shared hosting vs VPS?
alright /wdg/, recommend me a simple stack for building websites. I started working with pure html+css but it's getting too slow... The sites are mostly static but an option for backend in the future would be ideal.
I personally use Django/FlaskNginxUwsgiRedis sessions, cachingCelerybackground tasksIt works but there are many optimizations you can tune, even at the application level
Is there any guides for dummies to handle those tools?
Thanks anon, I even know some python so that will come in handy.

href="#p48326759" class="quotelink"spring boot, play or grails
So I did a lot of drugs, scrapped my PHP project, and re-wrote it as a JSON API in PHP where client-side javascipt does all the heavy lifting once the user is authenticated. Data is passed to the JS over HTTPS as heavily compressed gzipped JSON.Did I do a good thing?In my testing this loads fast as fuck.
What is the best guide for front-end web development?
Yes but /g/ has an irrational hatred of client side rendering so get ready to be shitposted.
not using SQLhipster
anyone know what wdg stands for
wild dog girls
Looking for a talented front end. Have a lot of clients. I handle backend and infrastructure you handle templating and front end decisions/designs..Who down?
weaboo discussion group
willy, dicks, and gigantic clits
kirk
Is there any sort of stigma towards Bootstrap or sites that were made using it?I'm working on a small project that I would like to finish quickly right now and am considering using it but after reading these articles I came across yesterday I'm questioning it.
There is no problem with using it. It will look just excellent as all the other sites made by it.
I wouldn't say stigma, it's just that the sites made by it tend to look the same.
Whats your Github page?Are your initials J.D?Bootstrap is bloat beyond bloat.
parallax y/n?
You faggot, I'll kill you, I will KILL YOU
If you have a vps with centos + directadmin.Can you then just upload your website and database and you're done? Or do you also need to do some server security related things?
Im really starting to enjoy this style. It results in really lightweight servers and a clear separation of models and views. The roadblock I've encountered are making sure the client can't abuse the js, but that can be solved by minifing it. The other problem is replicated code on the front and back end your server needs code to render the page, and the client needs very similar code to update it. In my current project, I'm using a js server so Im able to use the same underscore template engine,  but I don't want to need to restrict myself to js because lets face it, js sucks.
Anyone here have experience with multiple key-value stores and can share some experiences?
I've used redis and memcached. Would reccomend either. Redis is much harder to administrate but has nice features.
Can any of you talk about your workflow when starting up a new project? How do you approach design? When/where/how do you actually start going about building something?
sure i guess, though it depends on the projectfor smaller stuff, usually i have something at least vaguely in mind for how i want it to look/work, so i knock together a quick prototype with static html/bootstrap css to validate the basic idea, then work on fleshing it out with frontend js behaviors which initially just mock backend interaction - as necessary i set up backend services and replace the mocks with real integrationsfor larger stuff, sort of the same, except in a piecewise fashion - once i've got the basic skeleton laid down, i'll pick what looks like the most critical chunk not yet built, then follow the above process with it more or lesscombined with a reasonable allocation of time for refactoring/cleaning up prototype hacks so i don't end up with a pile of unmaintainable shit instead of a project, that's basically it
So I'm using a windows server. I can't use an .htaccess file. How do I enable browser caching?
configure iis to send the appropriate headers/i/is_manual/r/fc2616
with an actual sortable table
Is it done in web config? What do I need to google? I'm finding very little info
I have a question so I might as well ask here instead of making a new thread. I'm new to Java but I'm trying to figure out how passwords work and shit. I was fapping and all of a sudden the question came to me. Suppose I wanted to make a simple program that first needs a password to run. How would that work? I could program it, but the password would be in the source code. I can make a method, but wouldn't that be "visible" too? And if I encrypt it, it can't be called anymore.How would it work? Sorry if it's a dumb question
I'm writing a steam streaming client in java. I have 90% of it done but stuck on the last part video decoding. Any help on it would be appreciated. It should be fast enough to stream to raspi2 if I can finish it
Do some irreversible math on it like modulo, do the same to the given pass. If equal then they're the same
I see now, that's very reasonable. I thought it'd be more complex than that for some reason
nah that's basically how it's done m8when someone hands you a password during account creation, you hash it with a little salt and store the hash, which is irreversible - the whole point of a hash functionthen, when he tries to authenticate, you apply the same salt and hash and see if the result matches what you've stored
I'm not sure what you're trying to do, but obviously password hashes not passwords! should be in a separate file or database, not in the source code, because the user/administrator/whatever needs to be able to change it.
eh, if it's babby's first password authentication then i can see storing a manually generated sha1 of a password in a string and checking that, it's enough to demonstrate the concept and it doesn't sound like he's doing something that'll ever go into production, i mean he was thinking about it while he jerked off ffstfw an interesting programming question distracts you from masturbating
I posted a thread but a kind anon reminded me that /wdg/ exists, which I had forgotten about. Sorry for long post, just gonna paste my OP hereI tried asking /biz/ the other day but nobody replied. This is probably a better place to ask anyways.I've been programming in C++ for years, as well as working with HTML and CSS. Last year I picked up basic SQL and PHP knowledge, but it was a hodge-podge with poor habits. I'm going through books and resources now to make my habits safe and effective. I'm considering doing basic web development for local businesses as a freelancer when I feel qualified.I have quite a few questions on this. I'm reading a lot about people charging an hourly rate, but honestly, I don't want to commit to that. I'd feel much more comfortable, given that this would mostly be spare-time work and not a full time gig, providing a client with a flat fee and sticking to it. Would that be wise? Additionally, what are some pretty typical per-site rates that you guys know of? Say, non-dynamic HTML+CSS would be really cheap, some basic dynamic content would be a step up, full database dynamics more, etc. Do developers typically offer a service where, say, they also manage the hosting and domain services basically just register with 1and1 and be done for extra on-going pricing? How about business SEO? How do you manage conflicting interests? If I were to develop a site for a local pizza joint, as an example, who asked to be optimized for "My City Pizza", and then I did the same for another place, how would you rectify that conflict of interest? Just not offer SEO?
and no mods I'm not double-posting it, I deleted the thread.
source: i spent a decade as a contract/freelance web devon rates: my advice is to do as follows1. determine an hourly rate at which you make a comfortable profit2. meet with the client to establish a specification of what they want3a. determine how many hours it'll take to build what they want, and derive a quote fee from that for the development proper3b. figure in ongoing costs e.g. hosting and specify those separately in the quote3c. specify in the contract that changes to the spec must be negotiated separately i.e. if they want to add functionality midway through, that'll be a separate quote3d. specify in the contract that fixes i.e. you f'd something up and didn't catch it before they did will be performed free of charge- on the one hand, this makes you look professional, i.e. you don't charge the client for rework- on the other hand, this gives you incentive to avoid rework4. negotiate with client to establish an acceptable compromise on what you'll do vs. what they'll pay5. write a contract ideally with legal advice for the agreed-upon work/pay6. on contract signature, do the work7. repeat as necessary for additional features, etc. quotes can be informal once you've got a good relationship establishedi always charged $85/hr for my work but that was with the benefit of solid references, full stack capabilities, and extreme responsiveness to client needs translated: on call 24/7my advice, reach out some maybe get some quotes from the people you'll be competing with, presenting yourself as a client for the kind of work you'll be doing and see what the going rate is around where you are, calibrate your own rate accordinglydon't succumb to the urge to undersell yourself, clients worth having understand that you get what you pay for and vice versa - you'll have a lot of trouble with this at the low end, and you also want to be very sure to establish yourself in a niche that's open to exploitation1/2
2/2for example, pizza places and like that are no good, because eat24 and grubhub et alseo's mostly snake oil, primarily of interest to clients who figure they've got a world-beater and just need people to beat a path to their door hint: they don't, no one will, you'll be lucky if they don't stiff you on the workhosting and similar sysadmin stuff is tricky, it's a good money spinner if you're capable and don't make the mistake of onselling hosting and stuff at cost unless you really want to make the client happy but if you suck at it then it's going to be more trouble than it's worthalso, think hard about finding a web contracting firm and working with them for a while at least, you take a pay hit but working with a good firm is a great way to put a polish on your skills, and independent contracting doesn't come with benefits and the tax rates are fucking insane besides
Thanks for the quality posts.When it came to hourly rates, I guess my concern was, I don't want to misjudge how long a project might take, then end up having to charge some exorbitant amount. I suppose I could do significant undercutting of competition to mitigate that, but then I'm really selling myself short. I suppose my main concern is, considering I haven't really deployed SQL and PHP too much in real applications a friend and I put together a couple fairly complex sites with me doing backend server work and him doing front-end, but we never launched to see how well it held up.As far as niches go, I've noticed that when I google a lot of businesses in my local area, it's not uncommon to find places without a website, and I'm thinking that they just haven't put much thought into it. My thought is reaching out to them to explain how younger generations don't care for calling businesses as much to get info, etc, and considering they've probably been approached before and didn't go with it, having my rates somewhat lower than what I find around here.I like the idea of working with a firm, but as of my plans right now, this would be more on the side evening work when I'm not busy with school work my final year of aero engineering is coming up so I'd only want to take on projects on a one by one basis for side money and experience.I'll definitely be saving your recommendations to a document to review later. Thanks.Anybody have thoughts on flat-rate fees? I feel like businesses would end up liking that better. I'll admit my googling of this has only hit the first page, so I have hustling to do on my end to find info, too. Mostly curious about honest experience with that kind of pricing, not some crap somebody writes on their blog for google traffic.
I will say I'm seeing flat fees that I would be enthusiastic to undercut, given that I'd probably be committing time that would otherwise go to shitposting on 4chan.
I don't want to misjudge how long a project might take, then end up having to charge some exorbitant amount.well, now, therein lies the rubonce you and the client agree on the quote, that's what you're going to get paidif it takes more hours than you expected, then your effective hourly rate is reducedso you have an incentive to make accurate quotesit's not uncommon to find places without a websitethere's a reason for that: they don't really need oneif they wanted one, they'd have one, and most businesses' contact info can be found via google even if they don't have their own websiteeven if you can talk them into doing business, they're going to lowball you and not be worth dealing with in general
I appreciate your input. I admit, I'm still just kind of in the tossing-around-ideas stage while brushing up my skills. You're definitely giving me things to think about.
Find places that have a website but are really just basic html crap that you could replace and feel like the incentive of giving them a new site would be beneficial, you would have to appeal that to them of course if they weren't already in the looks for ideas/help.
I'm taking anon's advice from a few threads ago and learning gulp. Some of the tutorials mention image compression or minifying, and I have no idea what that actually means or does.What impact does running gulp-imagemin have on image quality? If I'm using an icon library like Font Awesome, will that ruin everything?
glad to help! good luck!this might possibly be useful for early-stage portfolio building but it's to be approached with caution, this is a good way to end up with horrible clients you can't get rid ofgulp is kinda overrated, grunt's fine for most purposesimage minification is intended to reduce file size without affecting quality, the defaults will probably err on the side of quality at the cost of not squeezing out every byte possiblefont awesome is svg/ttf, it's not going to be affected at all by minification
That's additionally something I've considered. My father owns a really large apartment business and their website was built by a firm in our area, and it looks extremely dated. If nothing else I'm thinking about seeing what kind of price he paid on it.Not sure exactly what you mean by horrible clients I can't get rid of. Could you explain a little more?
horrible clients I can't get rid oftake a look at , you'll get the general idea
I would figure that you would have an understanding of the owner possibly before coming to them or talk with them to be on the same page and make sure that the job will not have a problem as they aren't coming to you. I guess it might be a cultural thing too, where I live it's very rare to find a small business that's ran by a dickhead.
how often do you approach those small businesses in the position of a contractor soliciting their businessbecause if not you'd be amazed how quickly people can turn into "dickheads" when you doin fairness what they're looking for is entirely reasonable from their end of the deal, it's just that from my end it constitutes a complete screwjobthat said, yeah, it's tricky to start a conversation with "hey let me sell you something", you definitely want some kind of entree into that relationship, but conversely it can be very hard to trade on a relationship that has no pre-existing relation to businesswhich is all a long way of saying that networking is a huge part of doing business as a freelancer/independent contractor and that's a big part of why i'm not in that line of work any more, it's just goddam exhausting after a while
Dear God.
yeah, that's mostly graphic design/web design rather than dev, but believe me there's a lot of overlap in the shittier end of the client spectrumthe trick is learning to anticipate and avoid jobs like that, and i wish i had better advice on how to do that than "after a while you'll learn to see them coming"
It's not something I can do full time so I look at places I've been to and if I have a chat with the owners themselves a few times and then show off some designs I make in my off time to ease them in and see if they were interested. I do get how frustrating freelancing can be, so currently I just really cherry pick who I can be of service to the most without putting a lot of work on my schedule unless I want to really chase freelancing. I think teaching them to sell themselves correctly on social media is also a good thing if it can be done.
I've been learning C++, but not getting too far in what I want to do game development.Took a break, now Im considering dropping that and learning web development for games instead.Do you honestly think web games will ever be more capable than this for instance? Link Will there ever be a nice graphic-ed open world MMORPG on a website? that lets you instantly load into it?Should I just stick with C++?I look at the links for web development and it seems to be tons of stuff, to learn, including servers and such. Overwhelming.also Im not a shill for lost crypts, just found it a while back and was amazed at the instant load in to the world and how decent it was
Look up canvas, Phaser, three.js and IndexedDB.
I have a bytestream that contains h.264 bytestream packets in it. How can I find it?Output from stream: first 13 bytes don't have anything to do with the data, the next one always starts with 0x01, then 0x0000, then four unknown bytes, then 0x000000, the sequence number again, four more unknowns, and finally 0x00. This is being transmitted a UDP packet. The data seems to always be 1460 bytes long. The extra 0's at the end are an issue with my code and can be ignored.There's a h.264 bytestream in there somewhere, I just don't know where/how to find it. It might be wrapped in a container or protocol or protobuf unlikely but possible. Does anybody either see how to pick out the stream or recognize this as some known protocol? I can provide my code if needed but right now its a disgusting mess, more of a proof of concept.
bump for interest
mplayer gives an output, but it doesn't look much like a viable videoWhat should the stream look like?
Thanks for taking a look. This is an output from steam streaming I'm writing a client, so when properly decoded with the extra crap removed it should look like Fortix launching
There seems to be some strange encoding, shifting the frame count around a lot possibly error controlEither way, this is what I mean:[h264 @ 0x23f8720] Frame num change from 14 to 15[h264 @ 0x23f8720] decode_slice_header error[h264 @ 0x23f8720] concealing 140 DC, 140 AC, 140 MV errors in P frame[h264 @ 0x23f90e0] Frame num change from 15 to 0[h264 @ 0x23f90e0] decode_slice_header error[h264 @ 0x23f90e0] concealing 140 DC, 140 AC, 140 MV errors in P frame[h264 @ 0x23f9aa0] Cannot use next picture in error concealment
It's not a straight 264 stream. It appears to be some kind of protocol or protobuf surrounding it, with a header and the sometimes a frame, sometimes other data. If you open it up in a hex editor you'll see chunks of readable data, like copyright and encoding options, sometimes "2 threads"
I would like to call this a moderate success but its probably nothing
That's better than what I usually get, what'd you do?
Its only the first frame, but if you wipe the first n bits up to 7832 3634 x264 then try and play it, this happens.Will now attempt to find NAL headers and separate the data into sections, maybe i can read the frames and see if theres any pattern
Thanks so much for your help. I've spent days on this and haven't made very much progress. If you can help me get this working then I can release a new stand alone streaming client. It should be light enough to play on almost anything, including single board computers like raspberry pi
No problemOkay so through much pain and learning about mp4 I've determined it as NAL type 1, with the first data segment at byte ~31b9
Fyi, the hex syntax seems to be 00 00 01 41 9a for the start of the packet + first 2 bytes of the RBSP header
So its 264 in an mp4 container?  Also what program/command did you use to get  ? And if I release this I want to make sure to credit you. What can I put for your name? Or a link to your github page or something?
Ahh don't worry about major credit, but I go by anakhaema if you really want to put somethingTo get that I just used mplayer, but afaik it runs at 1fps and uses a single partially valid frame on repeat until EOF
Do you know how to tell where the NAL ends?
I didn't know there was anything specific, thought the end header was just the start header for the next frame
So I should start pulling data out at 00 00 01 41 9a, then stop at the next 00 00 01? What do I do when the bytes after 00 00 01 aren't 41 9a?
Looking at the number of occurrences, I'm not even sure that's a valid header for what we're looking forI found this link helpful for analysis for the data: gentlelogic blogspot co uk/2011/11/exploring-h264-part-2-h264-bitstream.htmlbut I can't determine the NAL type in any way replicable for the next packetRight now I'm attempting to decode a single frame and apply that to the rest. This would probably be a reasonable method for playback later too however you were planning to do it without requiring any cache or even a reasonably complete file to work from
Do you know how much info steam provides in their bytestream? Because there's a whole lot of optional things that could be there SPS, PPS, IDR but I can't find them
Thanks. It'd be awesome if you could figure it out, I have almost everything else completed other than this.
Not related but what I want to know is how to get the rtmp link from a live stream so I can stick it into MPC-HC.
fuck off retard
Thats all the info I know. Theres other crap in the stream as well at the start, but I don't know what most of it is
Theres other stuff in the non-h.246 header as well but I don't know what most of it is
You mean a broadcast?
Alright give it to me straight /g/.Im building a budget pc and Have the option of getting a 770 2GB maybe 4GB if lucky 960 2GBr280X 3GBWhich one is the best choice. Theyre all about the same price +/- $10. The r280X seems to have a slightly better performance but uses twice the power which could be used towards overclocking the 960 the achieve the same results. The 770 is a little cheaper than the 960 and it seems that they only differ in 2fps on average. Ive always been an nvidia shill so I know that the 770 and 960 have shadowplay and downsampling to make 1080p look even better so Im leaning towards the 4GB 770 if possible. Does AMD have their own equivalent capabilities. Furthermore I feel like the 960 would be a better investment since I could just get another one later when I have the money and buy a new motherboard and not have to switch out the psu since 2 960s consume as much as the r280x
GTX 960 4GB
As a general rule, you don't want to SLI cards that low.You'd be better off trying to cut costs where you can and bump up to a 970 or 290x.Downsampling also will take an extreme FPS hit with a 960, a bit of a hit with Shadowplay as well.I'd probably do a 960 with those options.
help!r7 265 or 750 ti?
265, isn't it GCN 1.2?
960 4GB is not an option. Why do you guys suggest the gtx 960 over the r280X when the raw performance of the r280X is higher.
There are paid nvidia shills on this board.
Yeah I know, but Im honestly looking at just trying to overclock the 960 to comparable speeds as the 280x
No amount of overclocking will fix the crippling memory bus of the 960.
Proof?
You can overclock the 280x as wellThat's not a good argument.Also 285 is a better option imo, supports modern features.
The power consumption on the 280x is twice that of the 960. Im already overclocking my cpu so Im worried about stability issues. PSU is 500W +B
you could have gotten the vapor trix 280x for $209 from new egg yesterday...it's $250 something now.
GTX 960 4GB supports HEVC and Feature Level 12_1, AMD can't even decode 4K HEVC and stuck at outdated Feature Level 12_0Buying outdated GCN junk will hurt you later
Furthermore a lot of games seem more optimized towards nvidia so the performance advantage diminishes.
Its a budget build. Ill get better parts later when I have the money for it. I only want this to last like 2 years.
960 is the only choice. Performance is very close to 280x while it uses MUCH lesser power.Thanks to NV sucking dev cock, it's more likely that games will be optimized for it, so you can even expect better performance than 280x in NV raped games. Because of the latter, it wouldn't be the most morale choice but who gives a fuck, if you're about the best bang for your buck, Maxwell it is for now.128 bus and 4GB, clever as fuck.
I asked this same question yesterday,your whole system wont go over 350W under load,500w psu is plenty for a 280x hell even a 290 if you can believe it,you have to worry if your using a 290x tough...
Newer games are using more than 2GB even at 1080P res, getting a 4GB card will save everyone headaches
Kinda. It's quite a funny situation, I can overclock mine to ~1.400 core no problem but the memory is clocked pretty high already and even with such an overclock, I get about 1 frame more in Witcher 3 and Metro Benchmark. Didn't try much more but doubt the results would differ.
As a general rule, you don't want to SLI cards that low.SLI GTX 960 has similar performance of the GTX 980.
GTX 980 is effectively two GTX 960s on a single chip. No idea why anyone would want to SLI 960s though. It's not even that much cheaper than a single 980 and it comes with all the drawbacks of SLI.
From the relevant ones, only GTA and Ass Creed Unity do so far. The latter being an unoptimized clusterfuck anyway. Even W3 never gets over 2GB on the other hand.Sure, more will come but the extra price just for them, doubt it would be worth it, specially given the small memory bus. Might as well buy a 970 to be really future proof for 1080.
OP you know ram doesnt matter if the gpu is utilizing it differently gen to gen? 2Gb is fine if the gpu was strong and in the 960s case it isnt...
also adding more ram doesn't help either in the 960s case.
Go away nvidia
But that's a sad fact, negro.
Name a stronger 2GB card.
Yeah but will it be as stable when overclocked
2 recent games for nvidiatherefore it's worth getting nvidiathey're not even good games
770 hell even my old 670 is better than the 960
R9 285
Get your shit together, there is no feature level 12.0. There is feature level 11.3 and 12.1, nothing else well, obviously except the lower shit.
If you want to play superior games like Dwarf Fortress you don't need to worry about your GPU anyway.
and coming 380same gpu
which games to you mean? the witcher 3 is awesome, but in no way optimized for Nvidia. In fact AMD cards are running quite well in the game. Well, except for hairworks, but that's not an option for any card except the GM 200 ones anyways.
Go back to your console pleb
770 barely outperforms GTX 960. If that's strong enough, I don't see how the 960 isn't. Unless for you strong enough is determined by a difference of +-2 FPS
I've just heard about PCI express 3.0, will 2.0 bottleneck any modern GPUs? if so, what's the best card i can get for my PCI-e 2.0 motherboard?

You're cherry picking benchmarks, but looks like you're wrong about 670 even if you do that.
will 2.0 bottleneck any modern GPUsNo.It's like Sata2 and HDD'sThere aren't HDD's that can saturate sata2, yet we have sata 3
s-s-stop cherry picking960fags are pathetic
You sure are butthurt about it.
Gets proven wronglol ur butthurtJust admit the 960 is trash
Damn, two old games nobody plays anymore. How does 770 perform in Witcher 3 again?
Does what it needs to do.
135fps are not enough, the card is shit

Its stats like this that confuse me. On newer games the 770 seems like its 2fps lower than the 960 on average. But the 280x is better than the 960 supposedly but worse than the 770. The 280x can't be better than the 960 but worse than the 770 when the 960 performs better than the 770.
Nvidia fucked up Witcher 3 for any card that's not Maxwell
Don't fall for the shills, the 960 has a 128 bit bus, which means it has a slow as fuck memory, it's literally the worst option out there, you would be much better with a meme 970In anything below a 970 AMD dominates, it's simply much more valueI would wait and try to get a price dropped 290
GCN is the only one supporting Tier 3, the DX12 support is much better
gets beaten by every other card in it's price rangeit's obviously the best value OP wantsFuck off shill
Different graphics card architectures have different performance. For example maxwell based nvidia cards have higher tesselation performance than kepler ones.I'd probably get the R9 280X if I was in your position, by the way. I don't like using AMD products, but it seems like the best choice. Or maybe an R9 285
But why wouldnt I just get the 770 over the 280x in that case. The 770 beats the 280x.
I wouldn't get a 700 series, the driver support is dropping fast.
R9 285 is better for media in the future, is the only one in their current lineup that supports SIP 4k h264 decoding, probably all the GCN cards will support 4k HEVC decoding assisted by shadersThough that might be irrelevant to OP if he haves a recent Intel CPU with a iGPU, since those will decode HEVC assisted by the EU'sNvidia will gimp the performance of future games with the 770, through drivers, see The 280x has a better prospect of being supported in the future since it could be rebranded
Are you saying that the 280x has better support than the 770. If were talking about drivers wouldnt the 960 be the best choice.
Because it's more expensive and the availability is poor. Maybe for you it's cheaper, I don't know.
Follow the conversation, price wasn't relevant.
280X won't be rebranded, 285 will be.
budget PCOP wants the best performanceyeah, just buy the card that performs worst!
285 will be.That's like saying the 750 ti will be rebranded. Is the 970 a rebrand?It's a new architecture for fucks sake.
No, the conversation shifted to claims that the GTX770 outperforms the GTX960.Price didn't matted for that.And I don't give a fuck about what Op buys anyway.
I have a friend who'd sell me his 770 so the prices would be close. If the 960's memory is so crippled, would overclocking the 770 give a better result.
Then why are you in this thread? Must post enough or you don't get paid?
hes saying that the 280x isnt going to be rebranded because the 285 would be instead.
gotta get his value out of 4chan gold
I wish I had a job like that
280X is stronger that the 960 and has better driver support than the 770, making it the best choice. Also, as it will probably be rebranded, it will receive extended driver support, while the 960 won't see what happens with The Witcher 3 on the 780Ti, for example.Those times are when I realize that who bought the 7950 was really lucky. A 3.5 years old card that still gets regular driver updates.
770960, just few fps but stillon the other hand, 960 supports more dx12 instructions280x is usually significantly worse than those two, if amd - at least 290. you shouldn't care about gpu memory, 4gb will not make too much difference in 770/960 since you'll be playing on fullhd anyway, and 2gb is usually enough there. I was standing before similar choice, 290 vs 770. In the end i choose 770 because nvidia linux drivers and my peace of mind every radeon i had was problematic, but this is fact: 290 was more powerful.
I am pretty sure only 285 will be rebranded into anything and 280X is dead as of this generation.
It probably won't be a pure rebrand, they would want to upgrade bus to at least 300bit and slap 4gb on there.
Why? 285 supports texture compression which increases effective memory bandwidth while the 280X does not.They are not going to increase the memory bus when it's not necessary. It's a waste of resources.
this is AMD, expect moar coars and a slight clock bump.
280x is usually significantly worse than those twoWrong, the 280x outperforms it in every single game that's not given the magic Nvidia touch, and in the witcher 3 it actually outperformed the original Titan IIRC
But I havent seen a benchmark where the 280x outperforms the 770. Ive seen ones where the 960 outperforms the 280x and ones where the 280x outperforms the 960. The -2fps on the 770 in comparison to the 960 is negligible unless with drivers and win 10 the difference becomes greater.
285 supports texture compressionwhile the 280X does nottexture compression isn't a new technology and existed for many years.
The 200 series is like literally the only time they have done this rebrand thing isn't it? Why expect it to happen every time? Seriously, the year the 200 series was released, AMD didn't have the crypto mining rampage and the current gen consoles to R&D.
I mean the latest generation texture compression. Like maxwell.
Where have you been? the 290X Hawaii architecture is a fucking rebrand of Pitcairn, ie the ancient 7870.
The 285 comes with new compressionhad a ton of small improvements
I am talking about the 285 in my comment, and they'd want to do that to have a card that can effectively compete with a 960tiif it existsI feel like this would make the most sense though:370-285 with more ram and more bus competes with 960ti380-290 4g rebrand core pushed to the limit, competes with the 970/ti390- fully fledged tonga or a new arch with 8gb, the 980 comp.And the rumored Fury card with HBM to slaughter the Titan X and 980tia cut down titanThis would be pretty damn good, but i am guessing that AMD is bleeding a lot of money on the 300$ 290x's, so they probably won't go for it.
que?
Sorry, got that mixed up, Hawaii was the only new chip in the 200 series line, everything else was a rebrand of the Pitcairn line 7000 series.ie, exactly the same as Fiji being the only new chip in the 300 series and the rest being rebrands.
They won't add more bus to 285. This is literally impossible because it requires redesign of the chip.
If the GTX960 gets 135+fps on older games and outperforms the GTX770 on newer games its a better investment.
They won't be rebrands of 7k series retardWell, that's what they have to do to have a good budget card.
Psst, the 200 series had loads of new cards - a good rule of thumb is anything that supports freesync is new.
No it's not. All they have to do is ensure that frame rate in games is enough for the amount of money put down. Nobody who plays games buys graphics card based on some arbitrary number like how many bits it has on the memory bus. If that was the case, GTX 980 would be littering store shelves with nobody buying it. Ever.
280Xa 7970270Xa 7870260Xa 7790so new, so originalno shit, autist, Im saying that AMD rebranded shit before, its not like this is the first time ever they pulled this shit.
Go with AMD if you're not a fan of getting fucked in the ass by massive jew dick. Recommending an r9 290 tri-x by Sapphire, can be oc-ed up to r9 290x performance.
IT LITERALLY IS THE FIRST TIME AMD HAS REBRANDED ?????????The 285 is massively memory and bandwidth starved though
Can you flash a 290 to turn it in to a 290x? Or are those days over?
The 285 is massively memory and bandwidth starved thoughIt isn'tIt haves almost the exact performance of the higher bandwidth/shader 280X
Idk I just oc-ed mine, performs at 290x level with the oc.
The 285 is massively memory and bandwidth starved thoughHow exactly did you come to this conclusion?
No, the disabled shader units are actually defective, which is the typical binning process.
Makes sense.
not op, would it be worth to invest in a 970 even though i was originally looking for something cheaper but my 550w 80silver psu would probably struggle with 280x ?
3.5
Depends on the amperage of the 12v rail it'll be listed on the side of the unit.
280 has 3..
The game looks at the driver to know how much it has though, so the game respects that the 280x has 3, but doesn't understand that the 970's last 500-800seen that somewheremb are slower than literally just using the sys memory, and that introduces massive problems with performance.
42A
The last 512mb isn't used on the 970 most of the time. Also, it's impossible to use 3GB on one card and 4GB on another card to deliver the same result provided one of these cards doesn't use better texture compression.And the card with better texture compression is GTX 970.
Also the 280x is like €220, and the 970 is €320
That is enough for a 290x. I also assume you aren't pairing your desired gpu with a electricity guzzling cpu like a 9370 - is this correct?
yeah well incorrect im afraid.. I have i7 930 with like 125w tdp
They are different price ranges, aimed at differnet market though, and the game can decrease the size of textures in the case of the 280x because it understands that it has less memory and not to cross the 3gb mark, where the 970 reports that it has full 4gb and the game adjusts accordingly.If i needed to get a €300 card i'd get the 290 and oc it to 290x, but whatever.
125w cpu paired with hypothetical 290x which draws 250w + say 50w for fans, drives etc etc is only 425w.Even if the hypothetical 290x spiked another 100w you'd be below your upper limit but you'd be close.
ATX12v1/2 is usually on a different rail though, isn't it?
the game can decrease the size of texturesWell, that's possible, but usually it will use what you tell it to use in the graphics options.
The game will use memory based on how much it needs, not how much it has available. Graphics settings dictate how much it needs.
Im starting to feel as though all the gpus perform about the same and that the difference would be only game specific and not as a general rule on newer games and that eventhough the 960 is outperformed on older games, its likely to perform better on newer games than the 280x and 770. Plus itll run quieter.
i would have no problem paying the money for the 970 and have so much space in power consumption but the 3.5 thing really fucks stuff up.. are they not going to make new 970s with normal vram for fucks sake? or fix it with drivers or something? i mean this is embarassing... i guess i am gonna flip a coin between 280 and 970..
"FSP Raider series single +12V rail power supply" is what it says..
If it spiked 100W he'd be above the upper limit. He has 42A, and 425W is 35.5AHe has about 78W until maximum specification on the 12V in such a scenario.
Making it with "normal vram" would not increase performance. It would be the same card but slightly cheaper.
The 970 is faster than a 280 no doubt, but the 3.5 memory thing is a design choice and cannot be fixed. The driver does work to avoid using the last partition but its worth remember when the slower partition is used it slows down the main partition as well as the card can't read and write on the connector at the same time.ALSO NOTE just about every 970 sucks more  ower than nvidia's 145w tdp claim
adding specified TDPthat's fucking stupid and you know itstop thatcheck benchmarks for total system consumption with your or close to setup.
how did this design choice came to be though? it seems to be a seriously flawed one..
Same GPU with 4GB instead of 2GB
It could be "fixed" it just wouldn't do anything.All they need to do is disable the bypass and remove 1 memory chip and make the changes in software to reflect these changes. The card would function as a 3.5GB card with a 224 bit memory bus at exactly the same level of performance.
Partially broken 980 cards.
yeah the benchmarks put me dangerously to the limit with a 280..i understand that the reality is further from the claims but still 280 eats a lot more
Witcher 3 is an nvidia title. Nvidia wants people to buy their new gpu and discard older gpu. Nvidia also wants people to nvidia over AMD. Nvidia promoted games use nVidia proprietary gameworks and physx. When games don't use nVidia proprietary gameworks/physX, results are quite different from games that do use gameworks/physX
if they made the cards 3.5gb with a hard limit they would have had to disable other parts on the die resulting in hindered performance
i like to play on higher resolutions and i am afraid i will be hitting the 3.5 pretty often
¯\°_o/¯
No. Making the cards with 3.5GB hard limit would have not required disabling anything.To get that last 512MB to work in the first place, a previously disabled area of the chip needs to be enabled.Performance difference between a GTX 970 with 3.5GB of memory and 4GB of memory is negligible. At the point where you overflow 3.5GB of memory used, you'll get shit performance either way.Although it'd probably be worse with 3.5.
960. much less power used than the 280x for similar performance. good mid-range card for the price.also, because nvidia  amd

wrong, if they cut off the specially made .5gb section of memory they would have had to disable the final 8th memory controller on the die slowing access to memory throughout the entire die
i am discouraged by this option because of the slow memory for this
No you fool.Look at that diagram you just posted. That final MC is fucking WORTHLESS. It doesn't have the L2 cache which connects it to the crossbar. It's practically unusable.That MC is cut off, in practice. It's not used because of the huge performance penalty.
770960In the end i choose 770Buyers regret, eh?
Is it true that 960770 for newer games.
Yes, because Nvidia Drivers and Gayumworgs, if a company that does that is who you want to invest in, then go for it!
Game devs don't really give a shit about optimizing with the latest AMD gimmick because it only lasts a generation or two of cards and then its gone.
What overclocks betterGTX 770 or GTX 960
Like GDDR5 gone or what :^^^^????
Just get the 280X and be done with it.Nvidia will screw you over the second your card isn't current get, just as they did to 200 series owners when the 400 series came out, and to 600/700 series owners now that Maxwell is out. All thanks to gameworks. AMD isn't perfect, but they don't actively try to dick about paying customers.
But the 960 is a better investment
Which manufacturer should I look at and/or avoid for a 2GB 960?
I want to buy a budget build but I'm planning to hold on to some of the pricer parts like proper casing, PSU, and GPU.Is it advisable if I use cheapass PSU and casing like $20 for both of them for my i3 4160 before I buy proper case+PSU to accompany my GPU?
Why would you want spend twice?Also why the fuck would you buy an i3 for gayming?
I'm on a budget, and the stopgap PSU is like $20. I'll use the computer for working in the meantime since I don't currently have a home computer.
Doesn't the Maxwell architecture help with compression so the memory bandwidth on them isn't as crucial as on other cards? I've seen live game tests where the 4GB version of the 960 shat all over the 970 in certain games - especially GTA V - because of the VRAM meme.
At 1080p, of course.
EVGA is pretty much guaranteed good quality. I've heard nothing but good things about the MSI 960. Be weary of Zotac and PNY, they are *typically* lower quality, but they have been good on rare occasions. Don't know about Gigabyte.
I appreciate it. Thank you.
I just got a 7970 GHZ edition on ebay for 150$.It is literally the same thing as the R9 280X and can be had dirt cheap because people are stupid.
Black Desert online uses some hefty memory as well. In the main city I was very close to 3.6GB on my 290. This was at 1080p on High settings.
no problem, I also suggest that you send the extra 30 dollars to get the 4 GB version rather than the 2GB, as for another $30 you can have two more gigs of VRAM and with 960's architecture, the memory bandwidth is pretty much negligible. As the guy above said , the 960 shat all over the 970 after 970's 3.5GB was used up.
I just bought a 980 for 1680x1050 MMOs.How much cancer did this give you?
I'm pretty sure a 9700 pro would shit over the 970 after it double registers.If nothing else in frame times :Csomeone go and test this.
Is this a good high end build?
Wait for Radeon Fury.$100 cheaper
You fags have too much money to blow. Theres no need for a computer this powerful unless youre running huge amounts of code, simulations, photoshop, autocad, and maybe some fluid dynamic simulation at the same time. Learn where to dump your money. You could easily save if you spent some of the money and replaced the unnecessary fluff with a second 980 ti for guaranteed future proof gaming. It hurts us poor fags to see people not even know how to properly waste money.
what do you think the 760 watt PSU is for.  Get a second when the prices go down.8gb is practically mandatory right now; 16gb is the new 8gb going forwards.
wait for new cards in a few weeks.price will come down.
What is your preferred DE and why?
windows 10 ;
I hate them all. Right now I'm back on xfce because cinnamon became even more unusable on sid for a while. Xfce is designed by programmers and cinnamon is programmed by designers. Gnome 3 is baffling and KDE is the circus. I just can't win.
Unity. It just werks.
Whatever Elementary OS uses.
No DE. just i3
xfeces because flexable, stable, full-featured and lightweight. plus, development has rapidly picked up over the past year and it's only getting better.
xfce, everything works and it looks the best once you get the right theme setup
KDE
Currently addicted to GNOME !
i3 or awesome
xfceIt just werks
xfce, hopefully in the future it doesn't become shit like GNOME has become
gnome 2 mustard race
how do you still have gnome 2?
I like you. Edit mode feels so good it hurts.
Because gnome 3 is for faggots. Looks like a cheap smartphone on your desktop.
i3 not DE
I meant, how did you get gnome 2? are you using MATE or something?
that's why i said "No DE"
Never upgrade I assume. Install old copy of something? I use Xubuntu xfce. Looks close to gnome 2, very fast and clean. They can have all that linux mint and gnome 3 BS. Linux is trying to be some kind of hipster fag like Apple and Microsoft.
i3. I like using the whole screen for programming and how windows can tile side by side
how do you even install i3?
sudo apt-get install i3
How appropriate. Marvin GAY and a GAY UI.
I installed xfce KDE, lxde, cinnamon, etc on my fedora laptop... Ended up sticking with GNOME because I loved the overview mode and muh extensions
GNOME 3.14, the official best desktop to ever exist.
Xfcelightweight
Gnome 3 on Fedora 22 Workstation with global dark theme enabled.
HereHow did you get the dark theme to work with Firefox? I was constantly getting white text on a white background.
not using pacman$ pacman -S i3
There's a Copr repository with a GTK3 rebuild of Firefox. Or at least there was with F21. I don't really give a fuck anymore since I moved to Debian for 3.14 purposes and use Numix anyway.
xfce, because it feels comfy
Xfce.Because i don't want the DE to eat up 90% of my system resources.
trying to use a PowerMac G4 for tasks other than word processingis fine with his DE eating up 50% of his resources as long as it is less than 90%
ITT: xfce shills
You prolly got some other issue going on. For real.No fucking way xfce eats 90% of resources. Idiot.
Learn to read faggot.I said xfce DOESN'T eat up 90%, other DE's do
Dude, PowerPC is obsolete as an architecture, it's time to buy a new computer.
gnome+dock?
Maybe if you'd learn to write. Faggot. Tell yer dad to pull his dick outta yer sister and teach you.
Honestly, I really fucking like GNOME 3; not even shilling. KDE 5 is nice, but I think it needs a little more time to mature.
a little
Honestly, I really fucking like GNOME 3Congratulations, you're normal.
KDE sucks. K this K that. I bet you like cheap hookers too.
unity
I don't hace a powerpc,i have an old lapto.
Well buy a new one. Or at least stick another GB of RAM in the one you have.
1.I can write2.you can't read3.my dad is dead4.i don't have a sister
not even shillingThat is how you spot the shill, no one can seriously like a tablet DE developed by artsy fags with a rigid vision.
implying XFCE isn't comfy
I don't have money.
You're mad because you're poor. We get it. Now channel that rage into getting a job or at least applying for autismbux.
Why?
The word comfy describes a sense of familiarity and has nothing to do with how good a DE actually is. Hell someone who picked up Ubuntu in 2011 and has used nothing else would find Unity comfy.
apple fanboy argumentsEnjoy being cucked by your DE.
Because it's now 2015 and according to Moore's law you need more RAM to be able to do things these days.
comfy describes a sense of familiarityYou can be very comfortable with things you have never experienced.
What do you mean cucked, o limited number of workspaces-kun?
xfce onlylightweight, snappy, great looks only a gtk and an icon theme away.
post some screenshots of these DE's stock, I plan on dual booting with linux, but not sure which I'd like.Something minimal and good looking like elementary os
Because they remind you of something that you have experienced, or you have experienced them before in a past life.
Or you can just use older/lighter software alternatives. I don't use more than 300 mb other than when I really need to use a bloated browser like firefox.
which icons are those?
.my dad is deadYou prolly killed him with your stupidity.
Quit using the word minimal. You're not using it right, and if you were, you wouldn't be wanting it.
Halting innovation because you're broke? Great plan.
simple & neat looking then
No they don't, why are you assuming these things?
Like any of them? GNOME in particular is neat since it tucks everything away into an overview that it keeps a start button away, leaving you with what you're working on, a top bar to tell the time, and nothing more.
Doing less with more resources isn't innovation.
Of course it isn't, but doing more things and using relative amount of resources to achieve them is.

more thingsWhy the fuck does a notepad-tier text editor need 100mb of ram? Whole OSs running heavy programs didn't need that kind of memory.
Cinnamon, because none of the others work besides Xfce, but it's a little too old looking and inconsistent to use in the year of our lord two thousand and fifteen
marvin gaye is great ;
What do you mean they don't work? If they didn't work nobody would use them and there wouldn't be any point in them being developed.
it's a little too old looking and inconsistent to useSomeday you'll be telling your wife that line.
gedit doesn't use very much more than 10. If your text editor uses that much RAM, you probably have no idea how to use 90% of its features.
KDEUsable default but so much better when you customize.Searchable graphical settings which writes to a readable config file.Best runner as it does so much more than launch applications. I also use it as a calculator.Best applications. Eg. File manager has a built in terminal.
Next to no documentation on how to use the damn thing.
How to use what? You can find a list of hotkeys in the settings and almost every application comes with a handbook or manual.
Both are false. Gedit uses 50+, better editors could do much more it with 10 and under.
Now what the hell are you talking about?
You probably don't have to load any extra GNOME libraries, you are still using 50~ in reality.
Why can't you not spout nonsense and admit you were wrong?
xfceit's all I really neededI've tried GNOME 3 and it was too fiddly, plus it was bad at fullscreening thingslxde is just an xfce clone that hasn't added all the features yetMATE is ok tooThere are a couple things I wish I knew how to change about xfce, tho.
plus it was bad at fullscreening thingsWhat's wrong with start+up?
doesn't understand how memory works in loonix
Notice how that screenshot doesn't mean anything?
plus it was bad at fullscreening thingswhats wrong with dragging the window to the top of the screen like you would do in windows?
How exactly?
I'm not going to waste my time explaining how. If you can't keep up, I'll go somewhere else.
All that wasted spaceMan, Gnome3 is fucking disgusting.
i3, because its simple and it works well.
Yet you wasted your time on that useless reply. gg kid
It takes less time to type a worthless reply to a worthless person than it does to close the tab and move onto the next thing.
still replyinghaha, just admit to your butthurt faggot
Its all fine and dandy until a pop-up takes up half your screen, while shoving your work to one side.inb4 add the window's class to your config
types still replying in a reply to the person who is apparently still replyingAlso why would I admit to something that doesn't exist?
Summer is coming.
You seem to be mistaken. That is the kind of poster that sticks around here.
Why don't you just close the tab? Is the butthurt I am giving you pleasurable or something?
I don't see you leaving either. If you were giving me this butthurt of which you boast, you would be at an advantage and would be free to leave victorious. However, you still reply.
Gnome - Didn't like how it looked or worked.Unity - laggy, unwieldy and had rendering issues.xfce - looked like it was designed by 5 year oldsi3 - unless you're prepared to spend hours configuring, it looks outdated.Awesome - see i3Cinnamon was my first DE- Just don't like it.Currently on KDE - I like it,  but I've got it configured without any bars or buttons and just use the search facility. So I probably need to revisit window managers to see if I can find one that I like.
I love rubbing salt on your wounds. Guess you are a masochist.
What wounds?

See, I don't think there are any wounds. I think you invested too much effort in your shitty opinion, and were devastated to see it be destroyed by a few sentences, thus are forced to keep replying with ancient butthurt-type memes until I get bored. Jokes on you, I'm monitoring this thread for purposes other than to entertain your broken psyche.
What distro and DE should a win pleb like me use?never dealt with windows before other then some ubuntu and centos vps for different stuff
hours configuratingjust add a nice background, some gaps between the windows, and some dropshadowsdone
I don't think there are any wounds.If that was true you would have stopped long ago. Also I don't like it isn't a proper argument. Learn to actually give a meaningful response next time.
If that was true you would have stopped long agoI'm autistic, that statement is false.
i3 doesn't have a window gap feature.apparently it goes against their 'philosophy'They want to be like gnome devs for whatever reason
eh, it's open sores, just add it in yourself or use awesome
Have you tried bspwm?I think you might like it.
KDE
I recently switched to KDE on Fedora 22 and I'm loving it a lot. Need to customize it more but it's getting there.
compared to:kdeunitygnome 3cinammonmatepantheonyes, yes it is.
But why would you compare it to modern DEs and not lightweight window managers?
because xfeces occupies a beautiful little niche resource-consumption-wise between a window manager and the heavier DEs. lxde fills a similar role.
because xfce is a desktop environment...?
A poor one at that. If you're citing its being lightweight as a plus, you need to compare it to things that are actually lightweight.
A poor one at that.kys
Man, I really hate how gnome3 is turning out like some 1:1 carbon copy of osx. What's the point.
I mean that I've had problems that were too big to put up with.KDE 4 is disgusting, KDE 5 is amazing but it's too early for it to be stable. Unity has hard coded key bindings that annoy me. GNOME is pretty much useless now, although I loved version 2. MATE is okay but somewhat buggy and still not as polished as gnome 2 was. I haven't really used any others but if you wanna count in plain WMs I think it's a good alternative but I'm not gonna sit around and configure everything to work well from a terminal. Just having automatic mounting and good wifi configuration out of the box is too convenient for me to go back to that and either configure it or live without it. At least on the computers I use daily, that is.you mean my girlfriend won't be young forever?! :
I've never used a Mac before so I can't say. Does hitting the command key bring you to an overview of all your windows and workspaces from which you can start typing to open a program or file?
I really hate how gnome3 is turning out like some 1:1 carbon copy of osx.Ask me how I know that you've never used Gnome 3.
You're not giving any specifics. You're basically dismissing every other DE because you irrationally don't like them.
MATE or xfce.
I've used both. Gnome3 is like they tried to mimic osx yosemite's gui to the point that's it's clear gnome devs want the Apple audience. The only thing better in gnome is the goddamn file manager.
That's complete nonsense given that Gnome shell and Gnome 3 are so much older than Yosemite. Gnome 3 is not a 1:1 clone of OS X.
I think they are doing a great job at making gnome have it's own 'look' without it being completely different to what people are already used to.
Not the same anon, but jezus stop being a gnome fanshitter. What they didn't nick off yosemite, they nicked off an older version of osx. It's painfully obvious how everything but the close buttons on the windows look near identical. The only thing obvious here is that you never used any version of osx.
My family use OS X all day long and they always ask my help to do shit. I've been using Gnome 2 and 3 for longer than a decade. The claim that Gnome 3 is a 1:1 clone of OS X is objectively false.
Do I need to specifically point out the bugs i experienced months ago to justify using what I like?they don't work the way i want them to work so i use something else, that's about it
Easier to get users who tried a non-windows OS. Also they no longer have to compete with other DEs beside unity.
Unity is my fav.
go to school for CStake up programming in my spare time quit EVEspend less time playing video gamesthe gay men no longer control my lifeMy computer is a creative machine /g/. Working on pygame stuff right now on an Ubuntu VM. Windows is acting up and I don't feel like fixing it right now.
go to school for CStake up programming in my spare time quit EVEspend less time playing video gamesThis is called growing up. You are well on your way to becoming a productive member of society. 98% of the people on /g/ should try this
Is this yours? Can you post more?
pygame ftw :D
It's not mine. I found it with Bing.
Do you like pygame?  I've been playing with LOVE, but a friend of mine says it'll be more valuable to learn pygame.
good job
uhm.... python foreigner here..how's pygame?I've used a lot of standard py libraries like pickle and many unrelated more but never external ones EXCEPT FOR LIBTCOD which is the way to go for any kind of roguelike. i'm using it on c# too
Right now I am having a problem with an infinite loop or something. It's easy. You just install python and then add the modules to C:\Python34\. Stack overflow has everything you need to get going in terms of how to.
has anything of note been made with pygame?
this is the only thing that has stopped me from using it
Just straight up uninstall WindowsNo point staying there now that you're free from the gaymen
this, but most of us take the other route anywaysspend less time time in unispend less time programmingdrop uniNEET
If you cannot learn to live with your temptations, you will always be a slave to them. I still game, just not for 6  hours at a time until the sun goes down.
I started playing a lot less video games when I first started my computer science degree... but that's mostly because I have no spare time anymore. University really does prepare you for the fact that you're probably going to be working 60 hours a week or more.
Not OP here but I think having a Windows and Linux machine has advantages.As much as I love Linux, but there is literally zero competition for the commercially crafted products made by Microsoft. Just straight up tell me what good alternatives I have forMS Project ProfMS Visio ProfMS Access Prof...on Linux? MS software has intuitive GUI's, predefined templates, many samples and much more features. I don't even want to start with the whole PS vs. GIMP bs.On the other hand Linux offers many advantages to developers. After working with Bash, I will never touch my mouse/trackpad ever again. Also not starting with the endless possibilities to create different programming-environments that working independently. For my part, I have both, Win and Linux. And honestly I couldn't live a day without one of them. -Tip's fedora and m'out.
programming anything you plan to profit from on a linux computerDo you know why richard stallman is poor you fat fedora anime-watching fuck?
That game looks pretty fun, OP. Do you know what it is?
Did you reply to the wrong post? I am the Windows user OP. i have no idea
hey OP good for you ^_^
on your way to becoming a productive member of society. 98%have fun with that
this bait is just absolutely adorable each time it's posted on /g/
while the NEET side is clearly bait... i lived the wageslave side almost exactly. didnt have a commute though.was horrible.
jesus christ the right side is just depressingas soon as i move out it will probably be just like this
Its easy to avoid it. Just get a good hobby.
And the gf ?
not bad but it's woefully incomplete.
It really depends on your commute to work. The ideal situation for me would be to live within walking distance.
Hobbies are for babies, get off /g/
A man cannot be free unless he is living the NEET life.
python and pygame are shit
quitting evetsk tsk all those skill points youre missing out on anon, youre gonna regret not having them when you come back
lol the soup kitchen with his cock out. hahahaha
This.LÖVE  PyGameLua  Python
Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de 4chanCrazy edition
Give me one good reason not to buy this piece of shit
It's just awful.
1. fake chrono2. useless tachymeter which is pretty close to useless even if it's not fake3. stupid 24-hour dial 4. the day display -- is it monday or tuesday? make your fucking mind up, watch!
buy a fake quartz speedmaster from toro bravos not that shit
Goddamn that is awful.
Archieluxury is /watch/' patron saint.
It's alright, i'm not actually going to buy it. I thought you guys might get a kick out of it, though.
It looks like the day/date is also fake in that you have to manually adjust it each day.
day/date complication is cheap and easy to implement.
you dont have two clocks and two compasses on your watch?what are you poor?
It looks like shit.Also, why are the compasses pointing different ways?And an analog watch is already is a compass when the sun is out.
I'm not "into" Time man.
I hate Fallout, but I would like something like the Pip boy instead of a watch.
are you some kind of poor fag who doesnt want 4 compasses when the sun is out?also are you a furry?
My ana-digi has three clocks. One analog, and two digital.No compasses though.
atleast its a compass when the sun is out
are you some kind of poor fag who doesnt want 4 compasses when the sun is out?Yes.also are you a furry?Why, just because I have nice images of cute animals?
you just strike me as one quadcompassless poorfag
It's true. Maybe someday I'll scape enough together -- I might have to scrape it directly off my gold teeth.
r u cute though, ill buy u one
I'm kawaii as fuck
yeah?
Yes.
For anyone who doesn't know how a mechanical watch works, here is your required watching:
mfw waiting for my watch in the mail
Watched the video yesterday. So the escapement is just a mechanism that allows the spring to be unwound at a controllable pace right?
Correct, and depending how well and what you construct the escapement, particularly the hairspring, largely controls how well it keeps time, in addition to how many times per second the second hand moves, and how it operates in its different positions. This is why they mention in the video you want to really make that hairspring well, and preferably make it out of a material that isn't very effected by changes in temperature or magnetic fields.
And to use their terminology, the escapement is the nozzle at the end of the hose.
what watch will score me the most cuteboys
Boys want someone who is sexy. Wear whatever watch you want otherwise.
is that an empty bagel bag?
That is a Chick-fil-a bag.
no, but it clearly says chick fil a
And an analog watch is already is a compass when the sun is out.can you fuck off with this in a serious emergency it might get your general direction but for the most part this is just gonna get you very lost.
we don't have those around here. I didn't recognize it
In a serious emergency please stay where you are so the rescuers can find you, faguette.
If the sun's out, I'll probably already know my directions.Unless it's noon and I have no idea which direction the sun is moving.
Possibly. Certainly if you've been out there a while. may help when getting your initial bearings though, or quickly reassessing if you've lost track.
think the name on the dial is "Slava" mfw it's actually Cjiaba
I HAVE BEEN PROGRAMMING IN VB.NET TODAY IT'S A COOL LANGUAGE HAR HAR HAR
Anything useful you create will be translated to c# anyway. Basic only still exists because Microsoft and  few older devs think there's still a vb hobby scene, this is exactly the reason my instructor at my internship gave me, he even admitted it's a shitty language despite how much he loves it.Anyway, point is basic is for old people and old people teaching young people to be bad programmers.Unless you hard curlies, what's wrong with c#?
I didn't have a choice, it's for work.
You realise you could write your parts in even F# and if the variables are the same names it'll work the exact same way as if you wrote it in basic?
Imo it is very pleasant to program in Vb.netas shitty it May be it still is fun
you should program in delphi xe8. its a lot more fun than vb.net.
/v/ hereeven better, pick up c#.then get into the unity train
what? im using VB.NET at work too code was there before I joined. All future development is being done in C# and F# though.
BASIC was a bretty kool language, and still is.VB6 was bad.VB.NET is ok, but wont see much wroth, everybody want's to be c-like now days...
growth* excuse my French
VBA, Visual Basic for Access I think, i.e. not even .NET, is the highest paid programming language out there.Shit is crazy.Also, I seem to recall hearing that there are something like 30,000 active VBA programmers out there.Nobody ever talks about this because it's extremely unsexy, but 1 there are a ton of existing business apps in VBA and 2 you can create a tremendous amount of real value rapidly in VBA.
Are you indian?
Ugh.  So much ageism and baseless elitism.VB.NET is functionally no different from C#.  Neither one is the least bit "leet" anyway, so what's with the retarded negativity?Basic only still exists because Microsoft and few older devs think there's still a vb hobby sceneUgh, kid, you're LOL worthy.
yes i'm an indian nigger.
fuck this guy.I'm a CS major about to finish and I can't count how many retard business majors have approached me with the same bullshitI have an incredible business opportunity that is worth millions...I thought of an app idea, it's like [insert existing popular social media platform] but [insert gimmick] could you do 100% of the development and let me be mr. business?I cant pay you anything but you can have 10% of future earningsthat fucking movie about him made all the kids who were trying to be professional rappers or start a t-shirt company infect the technology industry., and now it's a joke.
Mark Zuckerberg created mixtape rappers.
Just make them pay upfront and dont take any stakes. Most idiots think they're going to be millionaires with their app ideas, so just charge a high price and reject future earnings or rights or what ever to compensate the high dev cost. Convince them that in the long run it'll be practically nothing and they'll earn 100% of the app earnings. take the money and watch the app fail with the thousands of other "great ideas"
This.
Or an hourly rate + a smaller stake like 5%, just in case.
I had the same happen to me. I told all them i would do it for a few hundred dollars. Then just made a simple app that barely worked changed the colors added a few tweaks and put it on the app store for them with the agreement that if it did good we would talk further.   They get what they think they want and i get money so it works out
Until they give you bad references and blame your design and implementation choices for their shitty web app failing.
It is amazing how spot on this is.I've met at least two people like this.
or pull the same shit against middle-managers who already have cash in-hand to give to you and are much more likely to actually pay given that it isn't their money
I can't pay youscope creepsYeah I did that.You have two choices non programmers: a well defined scope so I can hammer it out in a week and get paid as soon as you have a financial business idea to market the product which doesn't suck, guaranteed not to happen for the "our service is free!" types who think Facebook would work if it didn't automagically  have billions I d users. The other option is you pay me by the hour and every time you scope creep I get an extra 100$, that feels really good and makes me very enthusiastic when you mention new features. That being said, if you had the money make it happen, you'd hire some one older.Btw most business majors are idiots, the best business ideas also come from programmers, specifically the type who have neo like revelations that although the ai and overlords don't exist, our society is still programmed and still has rules similar to a strategy computer game. It's about time we acknowledged that everyone's iq jumps 10 points after they "get" programming.Also, if you actually think you have a real idea, don't try to make it all free unless you're expecting to be paid by service, aka sucking dicks. Get a fucking loan and start paying real professionals, the fact that business majors don't know how to start a business get contacts, get loan, get employees, get clients, get paid is telling that they're not teaching anything of real benefit in business man.Enjoy your gant charts you fucking faggots, programming IS design and planning.
I have a friend who keeps trying to make an app. He keeps swapping out devs and he doesn't have any money to finance it so he's trying to get his family to pay for it. He hasn't been successful in doing that so he can't pay the people who develop it. They drop the project and he starts over. He's been doing this for over a year. Still hasn't gotten his hands on any code.
Money in business doesn't really exist. It's an illusion, money only exists for poor people.It's a construct, like a loan, which is literally money from nothing for both parties provided the loaner understands what to do with the money protip, whilst you're waiting to pay for shit, don't give it back to the bank, start "hedging" and buying safe shares. Otherwise the money comes from so high up it probably originated as a bank loan anyway and the middle managers don't care, provided there's a return.
 is telling that they're not teaching anything of real benefit in business man.It'd be news to my ears to hear anything being taught in America.Still can't believe higher education hasn't relocated anywhere else. I suppose that's the benefits you enjoy when you're a superpower.
You should sit him down, make him real sensible and say "let's be realistic, how likely is this plan to succeed?" If he seems serious you should persuade him to take out a loan, then he should pay employees and advertise his product in that order.Loans were created for this purpose.
Make them pay up front, and if the idea is really worth anything, do what Mark did and snipe the idea. You can deal with the lawsuits after you've made millions.
China and India aren't as smart as Americans think, it seems Americans honestly think that just because the creme of their society is flocking to the west that the entire of their people are the creme. Yes your Asians are smart, but so are the creme of western society.Univerisities are staying where the white people are, only 30% of our population are dumb, compared to their 90%. No, most Indians are not Brahmin or kshaitrya, same for Chinese, only a minority are educated. Most Indians are casteless, or the working worker class who actually do any work the other castes need done...Take a bit more pride, lots of universities in Britain and America and it has nothing to do with being a super power.
Btw most business majors are idiots, the best business ideas also come from programmers, specifically the type who have neo like revelations that although the ai and overlords don't exist, our society is still programmed and still has rules similar to a strategy computer game. It's called Economics.
I wonder if he could take out a loan.He hasn't told me too many details truthfully but the devs have largely been excited and happy to work with him from what he says, and they seem to like the idea, whatever it is, although that might just be from his perspective because he can be pretty delusional, which makes me pretty apprehensive about it. He hasn't told me way too many details, probably because he knows that I'm a realist, and that I'll point out every flaw in it. Guess we'll see. Thanks though I'll tell him that.
That's what I do.They want to get people slaving at a low cost with equity.So what I do is *offer them a lower price*. By charging them *MORE* for a deliverable.
They won't take out a fucking loan.That's their risk.They think they deserve programming and somehow you should  also hedge the risks for them as wellAs a junior programmer, I worked for deferred income... for 6 months. So long as the company gets X investment.You think that money ever came to me? Fuck no. The kike still runs to the biz.
He's making a video game. 100%.If you want to hire a whole fuckload of devs for free, it's because you're writing a video game and every new programmer wants to get into video game dev.I hate when cunts give me shitty stories like that, are you a child? Are your law courts biased against your race or class? Are you incapable of going to small claims to force your Jew boss to give you money? like, this is meant to happen and you're meant to go straight to the authorities. If you're American, Australian or British, or any anglosphere nation with Westminster derived laws, jjust shut the Fuck up I hate your dumb stories.hurr my boss is a meth head Jew in debt to me for 10000 dollarseven though I haven't worked for him in months, I don't want to go to court because then he won't want to pay...Our society has laws, not paying someone is against the game, it doesn't happen and there are avenues to force anyone and everyone to pay.So shut the Fuck up.I hate these stories.You're not getting my sympathy.Actually, Fuck it, you deserve to be poor. Don't force him to pay, you don't deserve the money.
being this ignorant
Was thinking more of Europe. I wasn't considering China or India. There are plenty of intelligent individuals in Japan, Korea, and Taiwan however. I'm American but this I really think we have it too well off. We have such a strong hold economically in so many places that it doesn't matter how incompetent we are, we'll still be the most powerful nation for quite a long time, even though other peoples probably deserve it more than many Americans. Our economic prowess in not necessarily due to competence either. We industrialized early because of the resources we had, the needs we sought to fill transportation advances for travel over long distances, and because we had chosen the best economic system to allow for innovation.I don't know I grew up around a bunch of hicks and blacks and hispanics so I might be biased. I took advanced classes and most of the people at the top of my class had foreigner parents. I'm not anti-American or anything but I think that there are too many people in this nation who get to enjoy luxuries they neither earned nor deserved.
I can't go to the necessary and expected authorities who deal with identical cases on a daily basis because you're IGNORANT.No, anon.No.This is a very very common thing that young workers are especially susceptible to, because you outright refuse to use the tools and services society naturally provides you. Its just like when I recommend share trading, someone similar to you dismissed me in the same one line fashion. Do you actually think the law courts in a western nation wouldn't be favourable to someone who worked 6 months without pay whilst expecting pay? Do you have any conception how illegal that is? If he doesn't pay you after you get a court order the Cunt is going to prison. You're just not meant to be successful anon. I'm sorry, but you're not, you're not a powerful person. you are a weak person and its likely you were hired because you are weak, the same guy wouldn't hire me because if I don't get what I'm owed I'm going to cause some waves and I won't stop till I get what I feel I'm deserved. That's the difference between you and me. Maybe my coffee was too strong, maybe I'm coming off as arrogant, but you are destined for a miserable life.Find some assertiveness or work for a bigger company, you beta Fuck.Europe isn't bad, but Europeans send their kids to America and Britain. Also, many European schools will teach in the local language, even people whose English is bad seem to prefer classes in English. English is kind of the language you need to work in as many places as possible, so English speaking unis are going to be preferred.Again, Europeans are maybe more impressive than Americans, fewer idiots imo, but I'd still expect America to lead academically. Your nation isn't failing in the foreseeable future.
I agreed to the contract out of ignorance, trust and being a "true believer".I was an open source programmer... I thought this company was doing the "right thing"
as soon as you offer them this they will just find some other cs-monkies to do it for them
Good, then there is a collection of monkies all climbing on each other in the corner and men at work on the other end.Or they will get annoyed when all their shit breaks all the time and hire someone who knows what they are doing.
If there's a contract and if it stipulates pay, your previous ignorance is still no excuse for your lack of legal action. Just because there was a gpl license to everything you wrote doesn't necessarily mean you don't get paid, red hat devs still get paid. If you agreed to a contract without pay, then you shouldn't have ever expected pay and you might as well regard the whole thing as an unpaid internship.Either you have no problem or you have a fixable problem, either way you're a tool for bringing this to our attention.Look, stop posting.I heard a story similar to yours in real life.First it was "nah he'll pay eventually, no courts yet" then it was "he won't sign my accreditation despite doing the time and thus not signing would be a further thing you can sue for, no courts yet". Then it was "I'm accredited now, but if I sue now I'll mess him up". Then it was "oh, he's a meth head and now has zero money, I'll just waste my own if I try now".Cunt should have sued months ago, bit the bullet and found another instructor, got accreditation from an instructor who wasn't a meth head. He's a tweaker himself, so his boss being a meth head probably wasn't a red flag. Next red flag is that he was a in debt after going on an expensive holiday to Europe for slightly cheaper coke, yes there are people who'll spend thousands on airfares so they can do 50 dollar coke in Amsterdam, London and Spain, where it's cheap, than stay here and pay 100 dollars. Yes, these people can't balance these costs and realise that just doing your expensive drugs here where its expensive is still cheaper than in Europe.Just... Gen Y making themselves less powerful than they should be. No fucking shit no one takes us seriously, we don't demand respect.We are the willingly stupid generation, so much potential destroyed by a form of extremely aggressively marketed materialism, people our age will drop 25k for "fun". That's fucked.
I'm a finance major about to finish and I can't count how many retarded CS majors have approached me with the same bullshitI have an incredible business opportunity that is worth millions...I thought of an app idea, it's like [insert existing popular social media platform] but [insert gimmick]I can do 100% of the development and let you be mr. lawI cant pay you anything but you can have 10% of future earnings
This post is painful because everyone knows it actually doesn't work the other way around.Imagine I'm a dumb cs guy capable of developing and delivering a product on his own, what do I need people like you for? Why do I need a "Mr Law"? If I get law problems, why wouldn't I just go to a real law agency, Slater and Gordon are free if there's no win.Make a case for your own existence, why does society need you?
You're exactly the person that goes begging for help from business majors because you've been mixing.why wouldn't I just go to a real law agency$200/hrSlater and Gordon are free if there's no winThey're a law firm you moron.
Slater and Gordon are not 200 an hour, they're free until you win and then they get a cut. I wouldn't sue someone unless I have to, so I'll only have defensive cases, meaning sg does everything I'd need and they'll do it either free or inconsequentially free.goes begging for helpHelp doing what exactly? You haven't mentioned a single task you can do that I can't do either for free or virtually free. You still haven't proven you aren't useless to a modern small business. Meanwhile, in a software business the programmers are the business.Why wouldn't I take your 200$/h and hire 10 junior, teenaged devs for 20$/h, they'll be grateful as Fuck because it's more than McDonald's, and I'll churn out twice the product and twice the results.Make a case for yourself, you're still useless from my perspective, why do we need you?Oh, we don't.
You do realize there's so much more to law than being sued right...?
lel
I agree. A CS guy would never approach a buisness major instead of a professional. Only if the buissness major was his friend.
I work in the field; as someone who has worked for 3 diff hosting companies and a major auto company I'd never sell out to some faggot who thinks he's some "business" expert.I fucking hate the god damn "executive" mentality that comes with living in the US. If you cant contribute to the end product you dont belong; this is virtually 80% of all people in a business.
That's my point.We don't feel we need you, even if there actually are situations when we actually do need business managers as opposed to senior devs. But you know you don't have a business without us, there are virtually no businesses that are purely middle managers and doing so is kind of like playing ck2 and owning no titles besides duchies and kingdoms.Therefore, just as the duke needs to convince his counts that their vassilisation is necessary, you need to convince us your leadership is necessary. So far, you've done a shit job.So what the Fuck am I paying you 200$/h for? what do I get out of this relationship?
I thought the previous CEO of microsoft was a pretty good guy :^.
mfw Business majors encourage this behaviour so they can get paid ridiculous dosh for picking up the pieces when the IRS comes knocking
there are no new apps that make millions anymore. Everything has been done. The app business exploded in 2007 and the next few years after that. There's no money in it anymore. If someone wants to be a app developer they are wasting their time and won't make any money.
Rax?
taxThank you.My mother has run a large property estate for a while, her agency doesn't actually do much but provide tenant landlord communication, otherwise she handles all the financials, pays all the income tax and capital gains, and even claims as much back as possible. Doing tax isn't difficult unless a degree like business management turned out to be a challenge for you, if someone is capable of developing a product that's 50% pure mathematics, exactly why wouldn't they be able to pay tax in the most profitable way possible?Tax is easy, tax calculators already exist, a very smart programmer running a development business might even write his own calculator that scrapes his financial records.Nice try, an expected nice try, but nice all the same.I even ignored the fact I'd sooner higher my accountant friend who has 4 years experience paying other people's taxes, or even my own mum, than hire a business manager who maybe did one or two introductory courses on tax. Still failing to see a purpose for business degrees.Thanks, but no thanks.
mfw this is what CS majors think accounting and finance degrees are forkeep the free dosh coming.
confirmed for assblasted retard business major
Are you incapable of going to small claims to force your Jew boss to give you money?Yeah, I'll go get blacklisted by every corporation in the entire country for suing my employer. Great idea.
Holy shit you are retarded.
and you are naive, goy
More likely your employer will get black listed. If you don't play by the rules, the powers that be will slap you, not the person you fucked over and fought back.Yet another willingly weak gen y.Are you also in debt 25k for a "personal loan"?
If you don't play by the rules, the powers that be will slap you
hurr!stay retarded and unpaid
You realise that any exception you mention, like the banks and "2big2fall" industries, are the exception that proves the rule? let's assume you're right and at the secret meeting of local managers:I just got sued, this kid is taking 60k from meah yeah that's shit , that kid you had?yeah himoh so why is he suing?I didn't pay him for a year and the contract set his annual wage at 60k. Case is airtight.How do you expect the other manager to respond to this? do you actually think manager 2 would have any sympathy for manager 1? He broke the fucking rules and the expected outcome came to pass, you don't actually think manager 2 would expect the kid to act any differently?On that last question, why wouldn't manager 2 hire the kid? The kid clearly was dedicated enough to work an entire year without pay, that's a gold mind of a worker, anyone who had any professionalism would have quit after one month and sued after two. Hell, I'd hire him and pay him just sporadically enough that he'll be too stupid to reallise how much he's short, he seems like a fucking idiot for working a year without pay.Guys, you can't have a job, not get paid and expect the system to be against you. This isn't a classful/casteful society, this isn't India. Yes, I'd a kshaitrya or Brahmin didn't pay a dalit a wage nothing would happen, but that doesn't happen in any system derived from the Westminster system, including yours Americans.
I have an incredible business opportunity that is worth millions...Ideas are worth literally nothing.At this point, they usually get angry.  Or they're so deluded that they just smirk at how naive they think you are.Okay, so then come the questions:1  How is this different from [product X that exists in 25 forms already]?2  Why is your 'app' even necessary?  All of this could be done with a website?3  If it's a website, why wouldn't people just use Y which already exists?4  How would you monetize this?There are kinder ways to ask these questions.  I've used them to correct the misguided thoughts of various friends over the years.  They leave feeling bummed, but they also leave with the impression that I'm smart and saw things they didn't, which helps prevent repeats.
Tax is easyLOL.  I found the guy who hasn't filed any sort of complex taxes, ever.
muh wahhh muh have to interact with actual people. muh lack of social skillsFuck you OP.  you have people coming to you for your skills without even advertising.  You have a fucking gift and you're whining.
So don't claim all the deductions you're entitled to. Problem solved.
want to go to a medical career and I am a fan of 4chan , I wonder if I could someone put medical career UABC Mexicali, Baja California MEXICO
What the everloving fuck
no one wants someone as retarded as you as their doctor
matar a ti.
chiropractor
how do I into inglish, goys plz
OP, don't come here to embarrass your people.
, 
I'm trying to learn more about computers im young have nothing much to do I'm thinking of attending college but idk where to start or what career field I would enjoy I'm currently leaning towards IT or fixing computers if anyone can give me advice I would appreciate it thanks
is there any laptop without a nigger keyboard?
Mac
thinkpad *20 series
Some msi laptop has mx browns
MSI GT80
you are a poorfag
msi titanmight as well just get a desktopcosts as much and has about the same amount of portability
The *20 series keyboard is disgusting compared to its predecessors.
Msi titan base cost is like 2800 you could get a kick ass desktop for that
Surface Pro 3 with 60% mech keyboard of your choice.
Mac is the definition of nigger keyboard.
I'm liking the keypad on my R400, but definitely overdue to be replaced. Just haven't gotten the chance to order the part off E-bay yet.

the new macbookit doesn't have a Nigger keyboard it has a new and shiny Double Nigger keyboard now a 100% more Nigger
It's exactly the same isn't it besides the volume and power buttons?
I think the reason MSI made the titan was just to say "see, we can do it if we want to." I'm not really a fan of desktop replacements in the first place, and that thing just takes it to such a ridiculous extreme that it's more like a conceptual piece than a viable consumer product. But hey, if you want it, someone made it. It's a stupidly impractical piece of tech but I can't help but stand in awe of it, just because they managed to make a "laptop" that has pretty much everything except a reasonable size and battery life. It is a desktop replacement in the most literal sense of the term.
It's flashy but really, doesn't that defeat the whole point of a numpad?
This is the kind of thing that only makes sense if you love gaming but also have a job where you travel constantly and spend a fuckload of downtime just sitting in hotel rooms.
Was thinking the same thing. The Titan seems like something that was born for hotel rooms, because it's basically a gaming desktop that fits in a suitcase with all your clothes. That is the place where it could really shine. It's not for me, but I'm sure there's plenty of people out there who the moment they saw it said "I've been waiting for this for years."I don't even have enough downtime away from home to justify owning a regular laptop, although I think that there's a lot of solid ones out there right now. Maybe if I found myself wanting something to use away from home I'd pick up something thin and lightweight with modest gaming capabilities, like an MSI Ghost. If I got a laptop right now though, I would probably play around with with it in the living room for about a week before remembering that I have a better computer in my office area.
It's for people who live on the road a lot, like musicans, pro wrestlers, pro athletes, gaming journalists and other people who have a ton of money but don't want to lug a big gaming computer all over the place with them.   There are enough of these people in the world to meet the modest production run of this product.
Is there any legal danger in running a non-exit Tor relay? I have a decently fast connection 100/100 and I want to help the project.
can sombodi gibe me teh pusi pls?
b0ss i habe deh cancer
gibe de pussi b0ss
I have no idea what's going on here...
No there is not.
Nyessssssssee
I want to help the projectJoin the NSA, at least get paid while doing it.What the fuck is wrong with you?
they're referencing filthy frank. go look him up on youtube.
Against my better judgement, I will...
epic meme xD
I've been running one for maybe half a year on my home connection, nothing ever happened.
if you live in murifat, then maybe. If not, you are prob safeSafest way is to run a dedicated server and read up on tor relays as many others have been visited by the fbi because of suspicious data passing through their relay. No arrests have been made, but again if you live in murifat this may be an inconvenience you may experience
WHAT.
Jewdiepie without the games, prove me wrong
THE.
frankophiles REKT
FUCK.
no screaming at all
I was merely pretending!
Thanks for proving it's not the screaming that makes it a bad video, it's just the cancer.
expect filthy frank knows his show is shit.frank doesn't give a fuck. he does these videos because why the fuck not?
Did I just watch?Who?What?For what reason?To what end?Is this what society has come to?How did this happen?I think I just went into shock...
he really needs to see a doctor
franku pls
No there isn't. Nothing you will be sending and receiving will be unencrypted- to anyone snooping it's all just encrypted garbage.Problem with exit nodes is that people use tor to search for CP on google and it's the exit node that gets recorded as searching cp on google.Although if you run an exit node you can collect a lot of credit cards and bank details.
 It is shit Although enjoyable shit
What are some projects I can do with a one or more old computers I have laying around?  They're too weak for a Beowulf Cluster.
start a Tor exit node.
Develop a new Google
install g[spoiler]ento[/spoiler]o
e-cycle
I was away the entire week, had no time for internet.Google returns no info about AMD new 390x, so I guess Computex was nothing special and we have to wait for E3.Pic related, only new info I found out about 390x, Hybrid cooled Powercolor card.
Wow. That looks gorgeous.
Powercolor is garbage tho
No kidding. It could do without the red near the pci, but shit looks sharp as hell. Hope the performance keeps up.
390X is Hawaii with a Base Level Respin ie lower power usage, higher clock rates; same basic layout but different structures; Radeon Fury / Fury X are Fiji.  First reveal is in two weeks.
Are you 12? That looks like arse.
it looks like shit
Question from someone that never tried making a Watercooling loop or even bothered looking into it because temps never exceeded 50 for me.Will getting this card need a pump and shit?Or is there some woodoo magic shit going on that has all that shit integrated in the GPU and all you have to do is just stick it into the slot like any GPU?
AIO is for the core, fan is for the rest. It comes with all the bits, hence the All In One moniker. Just stick the radiator in an appropriate fan slot
Wasn't the card supposed to be a lot smaller?I remember some pic from currytech that implied that it was almost half the size of a 980gtx
➡ 
, 
So my friend bought a server from some Government departments downsizing for $70. It has a Xeon D-1540, some retarded amount of ram like 26 gigs, terabytes worth of hard drives etc etc. I think it was a pretty decent steal just for all of that alone. But the thing is, he thinks that if he throws a 980ti in it it does have a PCI-E 3.0 card slot that it would be a beast of a gaming computer, but I'm wary because if you could just buy these servers for $70 from Government auctions and shit why wouldn't literally everyone do it? I'm assuming that servers have far different architecture and layout that doesn't make them suitable for gaming. It would be cool if I am wrong though.So question, can you throw a graphics card in a server like that and have it turn into a gaming PC?
No.
A modern server would simply need a gpu upgrade to be able to game, the psu's will easily handle mid-level gpu's without issue and have plenty of cpu performance. very few cpu demanding games don't take advantage of multi cores
Yes, but often times server motherboards don't have as many PCIe lanes available to slots since very few server-related expansion cards are x16, not that it makes a difference. Also server CPUs tend to be more cores but lower speed.
Most servers won't physically fit a modern GPU, as well as being power hungry and noisy as all hell.
noisy as all hellThis is an understatement, they sound like freight trains.You would probably need to have the server in another room with a closed door and then have cables long enough for mouse, keyboard, screen to play in the room you actually want to play in.You would also need a custom case.
The reason nobody does it is because it sounds like your mom farting continuously into a jet engine, you can't overclock it, they're usually too thin to fit a regular graphics card, but too long to fit in your house comfortably, and they use a lot of power and make a lot of heat.
noisy serversThis reminds me of the time I worked as an intern at some company where they had a bunch of testservers. One day something went wrong with one. So they took it out of the rack, into the office, decided to fuck around with it until they fucked the fan settings. At that point all fans in that server went full power at all times. Suffice to say I told them I'd be working from home as I wasn't willing to work there with a jet engine next to my ears. You could stand outside the building, on the street, and still hear the fucking noise.It took them 3 days to fix that shit too, wonder what the fuck they did to fuck it up like that.
Most IT companies take hearing damage seriously. Legally, they should be doing something about it. My boss bought a box of disposable ear plugs for use inside the server room.Also some server cases come with "dumb" fan controllers that only do failover, and don't have temperature control. Those things are always loud 24/7
Often times the fans will run at full speed if any fan in the system has failed, or if the case is open.
That processor came out Q1 this year.What fucking retarded government throws out tech so fast?
But the thing is, he thinks that if he throws a 980ti in it it does have a PCI-E 3.0 card slot that it would be a beast of a gaming computer,Well, it would.  And not completely in all the good ways you think of the word beast.It would be huge, power hungry, loud, and hot.  But it would play games, and it would play them quite well given the power of that CPU.Give a better picture of exactly what kind of server you friend has bought, it's not a big rack of machines like in that photo you posted.  I'm guessing it's something more like this.
Oh they took it seriously in my case, they allowed me and several other devs to work from home for those 3 days without issue. They also moved the support department to some other part of the building as they sat in the room next to us. It was a good company, though goofy stuff like that tended to happen there more often than not.
, 
this destroys batteries, right?
no shit m8
Why would you even buy that when you've probably got a microwave?
No shit nothing. Does it or does it not destroy batteries?
No, it doesn't.
No
Batteries can only receive the voltage they are designed to receive. Bypassing such obviously destroyed them.
Yes, it does
    this destroys batteries, right?yep, pretty much. reduces their lifespan by about half. hard cycling is harsh on LiPo's.
Except fast charging doesn't change the voltage at all
Coming in with some /sci/ence.6. Don’t charge or discharge them too quicklyMost of the guidelines above apply similarly to the different flavors of lithium-ion batteries, but the rate at which you can safely and efficiently charge/discharge your battery depends on which one you use. Some general principles apply, though: the faster you charge or discharge the battery, the more it degrades the battery’s lifetime, and the heat generated during charge/discharge can make the problem a lot worse if not actively cooled. Most batteries are unhappy if you discharge them at a rate that would take them from full to empty in less than 30 minutes, or if you charge them at a rate that would take them from empty to full in less than 60 minutes, but the slower the charge/discharge, the better. There is a LOT more detail on this topic specific behavior of different chemistries, nano technology, etc., but these simple principles always apply. If you need high discharge/charge rates, then choose a chemistry/battery type that can handle them often called “power optimized” battery types.yep, it's bad for them. don't do it.
Samsung is the king of planned obsolescence.- 'fast charge' batteries that degrade by half in a year- OLED screens that lose half their brightness in a year- firmwares that are never updated after a year
- 'fast charge' batteries that degrade by half in a yearwho gives a shit? Batteries are cheap.- OLED screens that lose half their brightness in a years6 maymay- firmwares that are never updated after a yearwho stays on stock?
Yep, and you can turn the setting off instead of being a whining bitch
Try harder in your post-purchase rationalization.
You can charge certain types of LiPo batteries at 4C and discharge them continuously at 50C without damaging them. "Fast" charging a phone battery in 90 minutes from 0 to 100%, which is 0.75C won't do shit to it. The reduced lifespan from it is negligible.
I was actually curious about this myself. My new phone comes with that Qualcomm fast charge shit when using a special 5pin USB cable.Does this degrade the total battery capacity?
No
tfw capacitors will replace batteries in your lifetime
so in short, no, fast charging doesn't destroy batteries. fast charging does not charge phones from 0-100 nigga real quick IE less than 60 minutes, nor can a phone even discharge from 100 to 0 in less than 30. it seems to be all in safe parameters.
That thing just supplies more current.The voltage stays the same.It's up to the device its connected to, to decide how much current to use.If your phone is designed to explode batteries then it will explode batteriesif your phone is well-designed then the batteries are fine
Old fags think that way. Its approved and verified by trusted sources to work safe and efficiently.
Who cares? Charge as fast as you want and get the battery replaced if it starts giving you issues.
I wish we had supercapacitors.
Hey /g/, looking into buying or building a NAS so I can store regular image backups of all our various devices and trying to find a starting point.Trying to balance cost and drive reliability as well as the potential to add more drives. I know for a fact I'm going to need at least 4-5TBs.
FreeNAS on USB + ZFS + whatever raid configuration you want + whatever container / server / controller
 2015 not using the cloud
I prefer to store my data locally. Also fuck Comcast.Looking at Western Digital's "My Cloud" series.Something like this maybe and I can put my own drives in.
 Trying to balance cost and drive reliability as well as the potential to add more drivesYour own Linux box is the optimal choice then. Standalone NAS are fuck expensive after like 4 drive bays. drive reliabilityCan't really do it.You need redundancy rather than drive reliability. RAID6 or cloud software with 2+ copies of redundancy are a good choice..
 cont'dOh, BSD is fine too, by the way. Woudln't use anything but Linux or BSD for a NAS, though.
Yea I noticed how expensive a lot of the standalone housings are. I'm not super experienced with Linux but I could probably get by. Luckily the NAS is going to be used primarily as an image backup for drives already in use so I don't think I'm going to bother with a RAID array.  I'll look into what I could build a half way decent system for.
 I'm not super experienced with Linux but I could probably get by. It involves nothing particularly difficult. I'd also expect that you can deal with it. Luckily the NAS is going to be used primarily as an image backup for drives already in use so I don't think I'm going to bother with a RAID array.You may want to reduce the chance of that failing while you restore the backup, but it's certainly your call.
Whats generally recommended spec wise? I'm thinking an LGA 1150 board + i3, Intel NIC, and 8GB ram.
Cont. probably working with FreeNAS or something along those lines.
When I evaluated this like a year ago, an AMD 5350 was a good choice up to ~8-10 drives or so, the mainboards then had not too many PCI slots.At 16+ drives or with more severe load on the CPU -more than just hosting files and software raid causes- it'd probably have been a Xeon E3 v3 don't remember the model number.Considerations were mostly power usage, price and of course how many ports you can get on mainboards.
Dumb question, FreeNAS can do backups over wi-fi correct? Got a few laptops I want to back up every now and then without chaining them to a Ethernet port.
Build your own. The MyCloud drives are slow as fuck, the thing is burning hot, etc. Just spend like an hour on PCPartPicker and do a mITX AM1-based build with 4-8gb of RAM + storage and you can easily get it under $450. Make sure to get redundant storage and have a spare flash drive to run FreeNAS off of. Plus you can then install FreeNAS plugins and use chroot jails to install other software on it. You'll definitely save time including build + installation over the much longer read and write times on the WD solutions, plus you can do all this for much cheaper without having to rely on their proprietary bullshit.
ehh, if you truly want "reliability" then youll want some type of raid solution.while less expensive, a DIY solution will be more involved and possible require more upkeep.if you can stomach the cost, there are really nice small-bay NASes that fit your bill. additionally, the majority of them do all sorts of RAID out of the box and with no real setup.i have a readyNAS duo the old sparc version and i love it. its a bit dated, but the fact that i can hotswap drives and its fully redundant is quite nice. additionally, it runs on debian? i think, so you can ssh and do whatever needs to be done, should you want to. otherwise it has a friendly web interface.if you really want reliability, get something that supports RAID no matter which way you slice it. because if it doesnt, its the same as just running a windows box and transferring the data over. in which case you probably already have a machine you can just throw a few more drives in.cloud backups can be cheap and amazing... but they should be used as true backups, not as file repositories. synced and schedules backups that you dont need to touch unless something goes wrong. - if you need to occasionally access or store, then yes, a local/NAS solution is what you want.havent looked into it recently but i know some drobo models were particularly business friendly. qnap, netgearreadynas, and maybe WD havent heard much. i think buffalo was half decent?
MyCloud drives are slow as fuck, the thing is burning hot, etcGlad I saw this post, I was on the verge of ordering one for my home network.
I can put whatever drives want in the My cloud EX series so it isn't going to be any faster than a DIY setup. Heat isn't an issue if it's operating within it's limits.  I can't even find a decent FM1 ITX board let alone anyone I would actually trusts going that low end. Yea I was thinking about a "just werks" solution since I can't build anything I trust for cheaper, though my costs are inflated because of taxes.You can buy the housings without disks pre-installed.
Are Synology NAS bays any good?
There are like 5 or 6 of them on there that are pretty good boards. And again, you save money and time plus get better softwareYeah, so was my family member who I built the NAS for, go look at the reviews for those on Amazon. Not only do the drives that come with it suck, but it also lacks adequate Colling which causes it to run hot and disks to fail faster. And the hardware itself is absolute rubbish for what you're paying, so I can't imagine it would be particularly fast with any drives.
There are like 5 or 6 of them on there that are pretty good boardYea no, they look sketchy as fuck. No way I would trust hardware that old. Because of inflated tax rates I'm not saving any money, and personally I don't see FreeNas as being any better than WD Smartware unless you're doing a ton of crazy bullshit I'm not.
20:33:33
Are there any cheap 2-bay NAS's I can get that with decent build quality but without much power.All I really want is encryption + samba + rsync.
Tons. Just look on newegg.
Theae are going to be the main components I'm looking to use soon. RAM is interchangeable though, just something cheap with ECC. Could also get away with an FX 4300 but looking to run FreeNAS + Plex and need more cores to transcode
this is actually a pretty solid component selection. pretty cheap too
Any Mediasonic user here? I'm planning to get 3 new HDD in addition to my current 2TB and then RAID them in a NAS, but every brand I found is expensive as fuck except this. Their USB3 version of this NAS was very negatively reviewed unlike the USB2 edition though.Recommendations?
Lenovo ThinkServer TS140
Lenovo Thinkserver TS440
That is a very dumb question indeed.Plug the freenas box into wired, connect the laptops to the wireless, make sure both wired and wireless networks are bridged together, then you can use whatever backup tool on windows to save to a freenas smb share.
/g/, I have a challenge. I want you to create the cheapest computer possible. I don't mean relatively cheap, when compared to other PCs, I mean using a flash as your hard drive cheap. Obviously, specs don't matter.
Don't build one yourself, that's expensive. Get an inexpensive mini computer like the raspberry pi.Fuck off.
Fuck off meant for 
i winwww.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16813190005I'm using it right now for stuff related to a project, but if I weren't? It would be another desktop computer to me with how fast it is.The down side is there is a learning curve in setting it up, but if you follow the jetson wiki you'll be fine.
you could probably get a fully-functional laptop off ebay for like $20
go to CLfind free computerinstall gentooprofit
Surprising.. nobody mentioned rPi? There're many mini computers that cost less than $100:
Surprising.. nobody mentioned rPiAre you fucking blind?
4chan is a weeaboo site, kid
I assume what you where hinting at is an new non prebuild x86.In which case, its as simple as pcpartpicker.comcheapest motherboard with integrated cpucheapest ramcheapest powersupplycheapest usb stickWhich should end you up at like 80 dollars.You don't need a case just put in one of the cardboard boxes your PC came in.You can probably install some small linux os on the usb stick and it will work fine, Although with an Atom D410, 1gb of ram, you're probably better off just getting w/e you can on ebay.
Where do you think your are?

That's $40 for just the case. I know it's easy to be confused since the actual pi only costs $33a Raspberry Pi is not included!


$190You don't fucking win.  You lose, you retard.
cheapest computer possibleGo on craigslist and pick up whatever PC is available in the free section.Alternate, go to your local metal recycler and pay them $5 for some shitbox about to get shredded.
I want to fuck kuroko's sweet, tight, pink pussy.
Hacking a refurbished Chromecast to run Linux.
$20battery, portablewifiscreenshitty keyboardSD card storagearm linux distro
Every time I come to this board and check out the /g/ approved devices/OS, it's usually some piece of shit IBM thinkpad from the 90s or some fucker telling me to install gentoo.
don't forget they recommend old ass 100mbit routers
because those things can be found for free on craigslist/at yardsales and free means free as in freedom
Used thinkpads are:cheapgood enough for anything most people need a laptop forhave much nicer keyboards than 99% of laptopsolder ones ie, pre-lenovo are built pretty sturdily. New ones aren't as good, but still aren't bad/g/ doesn't hate new stuff, they hate using new stuff for the sake of using new stuff.
I want technology that obeys my instructions. Technology that I am forbidden to control is not something that I want to own.
Because the further along technology goes it strips away more and more freedom from the user.We're heading for a future where Microsoft will have more control over your computer than you.People are openly rejecting their right to privacy because "only terrorists have something to hide".Most modern technology is designed to subjugate the user, and treat them like a criminal.
he fell for the shillsflexing keyboard with overly stiff keys
We're heading for a future where Microsoft will have more control over your computer than you.Do you not understand how proprietary software works? If you don't have access to the source code, then you cannot practically control your computer. Microsoft's software is overwhelmingly proprietary software.
there are two types of thinkpad people, those who just wanted a business laptop and choose recent models, the other type is hipsters who refuse to use anything "post ibm" thinkpad, ie only T43p and earlier, which is all single core.  a lot of losers pretend to like freedom but secretly it's just their way to fight everyone, they got anusmad that linux became popular so now they can still argue with everyone by psuedo complaining about free hardware which is never gonna happen.we currently have a retro thread going on which is probably going to spark more repeated circlejerks.  you complain about tech from the 90s, well how about tech from the 80s and even 70s?  a lot of these fags are in the 20 - 30 range and not even from that time and are that type of retard who thinks that being older and calling everyone "kid" makes them cool
Remember how you used to be able to install linux on a new laptop and escape microsoft's clutches?You won't be able to do that after microsoft convinces OEMS to make SecureBoot a permanent feature that cannot be disabled in exchange for free windows licenses.
I remember posts exactly like this 5 years ago but with UEFI instead, and we got over that one too.
You forgot the 3rd type.NEETs love thinkpads because they're cheap, and you can max them out spec-wise for only $200, including the computer.I bought a T400 for $100 and put about $120 worth of upgrades in it to max it out.
/g/ = born in le wrong generationxd i hate new technology 60s is le best generation
Because they are neets and don't have money to buy anything else.They probably get those thinkpads by giving blowjobs in exchange.
We've had UEFI+secureboot for a number of years now and this bit of FUD hasn't happened yet. Don't you think that secureboot would be unchangable by now if it would ever happen?
ITT we come up with bullshit practical tests to give to potential employees to weed out the ones who don't deserve any serious work on a computerHere we have a one-page long document we need you to type into the word processorThis other page specifies all of the formatting options needed to reproduce the exact same document, such as page marginsYou have 10 minutes to type the one-page document with no mistakes and all formatting options correctThe computer has no mouse
autism test[spoiler]you failed[/spoiler]
Please list all the anime you enjoy watchingimmediatly burn resume if they list one
practical testtypingbeing so autistic that you spent the time to memorize keyboard shortcuts for this specific word processorLook mom! I did it! I shitposted!
Unlike most forms of HR discrimination, this could actually get your company sued under Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.All it takes is one guy with RSI or or quadaplegic to get offended and take you to court.
Heh, and it just so happens that the people who memorize shortcuts are more likely to have RSI.Your test is bunk, OP, try again.
Seconding this haha
This is absolutely the most annoying fucking things HR dept's and recruiters do.I applied for a sys admin position a few weeks ago and the recruiter told me I would have to take a test to be considered for the position.I told her:"You want me to take a test on content that only a fool would memorize?  Thank you, I'll look for opportunities elsewhere."I'm fortunate enough to have the experience to say that, but for fucks sake -I feel bad for graduates that have to deal with these retarded vultures.
Congrats, you got blacklisted for wasting their time.They set aside a time and date in their very busy schedule so they could see you and you do the professional equivalent of spitting in their face.
so i have no autism?
1 Set aside time and resources?  You mean a cold call from some random fuckwit with no IT experience trying to get me to take the equivalent of an MCP exam to get into a position I only half considered?  2 These recruiters are greedy as fuck and the same company still cold calls me about "great tech support jobs in my area."These recruiting companies could spend exactly 5 seconds on my LinkedIn to determine my qualifications and experience, yet instead, they choose to call me with the expectations I complete their childish exams because they think that's all that matters.Certifications in IT should be what you get AFTER you've been in the industry for awhile.  These kinds of asshats are the ones making 14 year old think it's a good idea to get a CCNA in high school instead of doing something truly novel.

, 
Ok, folks. I have never searched for hair transplants or hair cuts online, ever, period, nada, not at all, nor has anyone else on my phone or computers. Yet I got pic related today.The only times I have even mentioned hair implant stuff is in verbal conversations about a semi-bald spot that forms on that exact spot on my head when under long-term stress. I've also been curious about what brand the local hair cut place uses for blades. But, man, I didn't even ask that time! I just leaned over and looked and gott dammerung their security cameras fed the image mine to Google! And yes, I GOT A #2 HAIR CUT, CUT ON THE SIDES, JUST LIKE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT, AND NO, THEY DON'T RECORD THAT, IT WAS JUST A BARBERSHOP FOR FUCK'S SAKE!!! The only other thing I can think about are threads on /g/ that I view via Clover about Elon Musk's hair transplants. Clover doesn't even have any SELinux access right beyond photos in my Downloads/Clover directory and Screenshots directory... AND MY PHONE MUST BE UPLOADING ELON MUSK'S BALD HEAD TO GOOGLE!!! FUUUUCK!!!!Ok, /g/, what is going on? I'm freaking out here. I'm wondering if my phone is listening to me even when it is off. Why does Google need so many datacenters? To process, to do HPC! Why do they know I have a semi:-hidden bald spot? Oh god. Oh man. Oh jeez. I'm about to get a bald spot and click on that advertisement to figure out how to get rid of it.Oh fuck. I just checked in my bathroom's mirror. The bald spot is coming back. GOOGLE KNOWS WHAT I'VE BEEN DOING AND CAN TRACK MY BALDING BASED ON HOW OFTEN I USE MY DEBIT CARD FOR HAIR CUTS!!!
nice.
lol
ok
Why not help me, you sheepish fools!
Relax.Google can recognize your age bracket and gender by your internet usage.It's just targeted advertising and educated guesses. Google is not in our walls.
lol he's bald
ikr lol
idk lol
this is kinda funny tbh
lmao
It's probably a combination of your advertising "profile" and Google knowing your location i.e. the barbershop from your phone. There's also the chance that you or someone near you mentioned something about hair while your phone was on.Remember, you could have prevented this. This is the future you chose and clicking that ad won't help you at all and only contributes to the botnet. Have a nice day.
keking to the moon
Wait anon, the only way they would be able to tell from your hair cuts is if you stopped getting them, which would mean you have to start browsing 420chan and looking up stoner threads to make them think youre growing your hair out like a stoner... Problem solved, but google now knows about this plan and will adjust its algorithms accordingly.TL;DR: Your fucked
Can it track my alimony based on how many times the barber fucks my shit up?
How do I un-choose my future?Switch to iOS? Get a blackberry? Capitalize Blackberry but not chrome? Does google know when I forget to capitalize it?... should I buy a Swedish Jolla?
But it seems like you have an interest in yandere girls, so that's always something
I turned off Google location services and more. How does it know I got a ticket? Is this what I get for using Comedy Traffic School? Should I recommend Walk It Off Traffic School or Don't Even Need To Study Traffic School next time?... I think Google knows I've downloaded the CA suggested traffic school list as a pdf. Damnation....... Wait. I recall I once took a picture of my bald spot for personal use. I don't use the cloud or anything  H-how....
How do I un-choose my future?It's too late for that, anon.
Google, I do not want nVidia products!
Nor did I vote yes on proposition whatchyacallit.Why is Google cooperating with Exxon? Why does this show up just after, and only after, a massive oil spill?Yoy folks were not kidding. The botnet is real, its live, and its been on my phone all this time.
Pic
, 
Benchmark thread
This is pretty old i dont remember if OC'd or stock or whatever.
Nice, a peen measuring contest.
he paid $25 to measure his computer's cock
I didn't pay shit for it lol
Guys, Britbong here. Virgin Media have been throttling my connection for the past 3 nights and it's pissing me off. Never dipped below 30mbps in the past year or so. I get 45mbps in the morning and I'm lucky to get 2mbps in the evening. Their "tech support" suggest I turn my router into modem mode.... Any other poor souls Virgin Media here? What do I do?
Turn your router into modem mode.
The fuck is that going to do? The fact my speed is fine now pretty much proves router mode is not an issue.
sony finally develops a waterproof phone that can actually be used while covered in waterDoesnt even list it on the feature listThis is why xperias are going to fucking die.
what the fuck are you doing with your devices if they need to be waterproof
waterpark
Maybe going outside?
they don't list it so they can refuse the warranty if it broke because of water?
Maybe it fall accidently in the toilet a lot
Have you ever masturbated in a shower?
This is exactly why.
Ziplock works just as well
No.
B-B-But A-A-Anon, it i-i-is listed on the feature list
also, thanks for selling me my next phone, shill-bitch.
idk works for my S3
Carrying them in my pocket and not freaking out that I'm about to be out $300 if it starts to rain.
also this
Ziplockand rice to stop condensation in case of humidity.
I've never had the chance to try that, nor the issue of humidity.
also salt if you want to be super careful about it.It's just in case and you're just using the method of removing humidity from electronics after they get wet. I don't know if the technique has a name but it's pretty well known.
please tell me you faggots aren't actually taking your phone into the shower to jack off with.holy fuck
he doesn't
It can't be used within water. But it has a camera button. But who cares, you can put this phone under water and it wont break.One reason why I bought it, I can wash it after public use in the city and it will be clean enough to hear music in my bed.
still having a vivid enough imagination to fap without materialUnderage please go
I dive a lot and would rather take my phone and record videos in 1080p than buying a silly gopro to only use it when im at the beach/surfing/cliff diving/etc... More practical for those who leave there house and are active outdoors to own a waterproof phone.
I doubt it's waterproof enough for diving.
DIY colonoscopy?
applefags really get this mad
do you mean the one using rice? the ricing

still having a vivid enough imagination to fap without materialPlease explain further
It is. An Xperia V was lost at sea for weeks and it's still working when it was recovered
He called you underaged. As in a preteens kid that uses his imagination to make out imaginary friends.
Because they're water resistant; not water proof.
I don't think I've ever seen a phone getting broken from rain or getting something splashed on it.Even a phone that's been accidentally dropped to the toilet usually works just fine, if you dry it completely before powering it on.All of my old Nokia's went through all kinds of watery situations and nothing ever happened to them.I think they are being marketed as waterproof, since you can take pictures underwater with them.
What are you on about? Your phone wont die if you go out in the rain unless its from like 2011...
I think they are being marketed as waterproofLink to anywhere in the site's description where it says they're waterproof.
You take the photos with the physical button, not the screen the z3+ screen is actually usable in water, i preordered mine and now i cant wait anymore, i literally knew nothing about this
Their screens are shit, people just pick it up and think its horrible.
here ya go: 
why does my firefox  do this?
Remove, clean, reinstall.
is it not just in windowshade mode dunno its proper name?like when you hit the rollup button and it turns into just the window title bar... a middle ground between minimization and normal window.
infowars
you're using linsucks so start expecting shit like this
visiting infowars in a mudslime distrothings like this are bound to happen
This, doubleclick on the titlebar. It's the only thing I hate with a passion about cinnamon, doubleclicking the titlebar does a rollup thing instead of maximize.
Alex Jones has some serious mental health issues and i sure hope he gets help at some point.But he sure is fun to listen to some times.
My fucking headset microphone picks up music and any sound I'm hearing but not my fucking voice?What in the literal ass fuck
Maybe switch 5.1 to stereo
Where do I have that choice
choice is an illusion
Nope when I put the mic in my mouth it sounds like i'm at a bottom at a wellI play a song through spotify it sounds just like I'm streaming some shit from a soundboard. Jesus fuck
that's what it sounds likeit's all fucked is it irreversible?
Kill yourself.
nice man
Don't you wish you could suck your dad's dick, Meghan?  Don't you wish your dad would come home from work, loosen his fancy brooks brothers tie and let you suck his dick?
What microphone on what operating system and device?USB headset or some shit like that?One of those silly two-in-one mic and headphone plugs?
hahaahah... that's what u get for using android.thank you for that post OP, I love laughing at poor people's misfortunes.
One for mic Another for soundsome shitty Razer gaming headset.The thing is I can hear myself in this vocaroo recordingObviously this isn't fucking stereo being recorded and it's the fucking Mic that for some reason magically crawled into the earpieces and made any noise I try to make from outside the headset useless.vocaroo hereand my new communications here just type what I want to say because everyone can just listen to what I hear which is doable but annoying. Then I got soundboards but I feel like making my own soundboard by recording myself on my phone and making binds on my keyboardbut how do I do that man
/v/
either the cables are shorted or some shit or you plugged the plugs into the wrong sockets.razerthat's what you get
yeah dude I know are there any just standalone microphones that don't stand up so high something I can put right in front of me with no gaming headset Noise in the background.no stands because I wanna be able to see my monitor you gnome saying?
are you high?
You're not?
First sam shits up /tv/, now /g/? Fuck off sam
check me out on /lit/
why are all of the bpards being swamped with mde?
So it won't let me merge this partition on a drive to my main one due to this message. The drive was one big partition before but I used DDrescue on it to restore the contents of a drive to it and the leftover partition was the recovery partition of that drive.
/g/ isn't tech support
windows just worksthinks this is his tech supportnot utilizing the apparently amazing windows tech support just works tm
, 
Discuss good quality phones that are on average less than $400.Continuing strawpoll from previous post-OnePlus One is winning with 50% of the votesis /g/'s favorite inexpensive phone?
I was in-between Zenfone 2 and Opo but with the sale I'm leaning for Opo.Should I /g/?Will it get support for the next 2-3 years?
Xiaomi Mi4i. It's like 250 bucks.
What is the support like?I don't change phones every year.Do you own it? How does it compare to opo?
What are you, poor?Get an iPhone 6.
yes it will. it's their first device and they are very consumer centric. it will get support on their Oxygen OS for atleast 2 years. if not then the community will port it easily
:^
Early opo problems like ghosting and yellow screen don't appear anymore?I remember /g/ scaring me away from opo a few months back
I'm sorry mate, I own neither the opo nor the Mi4i. But so far I heard nothing essentially bad about Xiaomi's support. Might wanna research yourself though.
Doesn't chinkphone 2 have more futureproofing?Mod community is just rising as well
Any news on OnePlus 2?Was hoping they would announce it a few days ago
I have both phones, the zenfone having expandable storage and dual sim is nice, but it comes with so much crap on it. If they just did stock android, would be such a nice phone.
Can't you put custom roms on it yet?Root it or something?
Honestly, everybody doesn't want to get invested in Apple's ecosystem. No hate.
do you think the old moto x will get support for atleast 3 more years?
My last phones were a 4S and before that a 3GI hate it when Apple makes my phones slow after a set period of time
No, theres nothing out for it yet, there is only same rom with root available atm on xda. Apparently it's a bit harder to do custom roms because it's not a qualcomm, but an atom.
At least with an android phone I can install custom romsApple phones become unusable after they "expire"
Zenfone 2 stuck in boot screen after system update. wat do?
Go to xda and download one of the rooted roms, and just reflash your phone.
What are my rooting/customization options on OpO?
I would rather have stock Android with bloat then CyanoCuck with no support for apps.
Tons, check out xda, there is limitless roms.
Your imagination is your limit
guys? im planning on buying Moto x and i want to make sure that it will be supported for a few more years
Friend bought a moto x, but found it was just too slow. laggy running skype or playing some games.
What are my rooting options on OPO?As far as rooting Cyanogen 12S, it doesn't come rooted, but rooting it is extremely easy and doesn't void the warranty. You can unlock the bootloader using adb and boot from a recovery image without flashing it to the phone using fastboot. It takes like three minutes. I've left thee factory recovery image in place on mine so that OTA updates still work. OTA updates un-root the phone, but re-rooting it is so easy that it really doesn't matter.
Right now I'm deciding between a Redmi 2 and an OPO.One one hand, the OPO seems to be loved by all. On the other, the Redmi 2 is really fucking cheap.Can both be rooted?How disgusting are Xiaomi?How long do you think the OPO will last? I don't upgrade phones very often.
48324487Great. I hated waiting months after an iOS update for it to become jailbroken, and the uncertainty if it will ever be
inexpensiveless than $400how is just less than 1/3rd the price of a macbook inexpensive?
In comparison with phones that are double the price?
even with 2gb of ram? damn, I dont know what else to buy,WP maybe?
A BMW isn't a cheap car just because there's Bugattis around. But $800 is just stupid for disposable chink technology. Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
How long do you think the OPO will last? I don't upgrade phones very often.I don't know anything about the Redmi2, but the OPO is well built. I've had phones with tougher designs Nokias, but I think the OPO will be tougher than most comparable phones. The rear cover can be dented and bent a little easily, but it is replaceable. I haven't damaged mine yet.I haven't dropped mine from waist height onto concrete yet, but it's been knocked off of desks and night stands onto wood a few times and the only visible damage is a slight deformation of the metal bezel thing, near the top.It's powerful enough that it'll take a while for it to be completely outdated.My previous phone was a Nokia N8 which I used for three years. That phone was completely indestructible, and I never had any anxiety at all about its durability. The OPO is more likely to break, but with some luck I'll use it for as least as long as I did the N8, maybe longer. The only reason I replaced the N8 is that I hated the operating system.
Well, how do you define cheap?I define it as value for money and quality in comparison with your average flagship for smartphones.Go any lower and you have a shitty phone.
You could say exactly the same thing about desktops vs laptops. You get more computing power per dollar when you buy a desktop than you do when you buy a laptop, therefore it's stupid to buy laptops, right? Wrong. Laptops provide functionality that desktops don't. Just because you can buy a laptop doesn't mean you should, but if the functionality of a laptop is useful to you AND you can, that DOES mean you should. The difference between phones and laptops is no different.
good quality phones that are on average less than $400here, take this
huaweihow is this good quality?
That has a less powerful processor than the OPO. Its SoC is an in-house design HiSilicon, a Huawei subsidiary, and other than that it's got pretty similar specs for a pretty similar price. Given its worse and presumably cheaper SoC, it would have to be a little cheaper to be comparable value to the OPO.Besides that, are there and ROMs for it?
well, there is huawei,that already has good quality builds by itselfand then there is the honor sub-brandwhich I would define as fine superior qualitythat phone alone beats iphone 6 and only cost $300
its very similar to OPO in processing powerit's compatible with cyanogen also
it is cheaper though isnt it? is that not why he posted it?
How do you even buy these in the UK?
both are around the same price depending on the seller. They are very similar in the end, but if you need a big screen OPO is 5,5" and h6 is 5".However,  H6 is the one that has the best camera at taking pictures and some other better extra features
It's $300 on Amazon, which is what the black OPO is selling for right now.see image
Why does /g/ not talk about the Xperia Z2 or Z3C as a less than $400 alternative?
Xperia not dual sim who cares
how do you do this?my OPO only gets around 46000
Nothing yet. Their June 1st announcement was the week long price cuts. The +2 will be out by the end of the year from the looks of it.
I don't know. That was the first time I'd ever run that benchmark, so if I've done anything to improve the results, I don't know what it was. Maybe we should compare the details of our results.The first test was run on the battery. I ran the test again while it was plugged into my computer, to see how consistent the results are, and got 48800 or so. I thought maybe the computer having access to the storage was affecting it, so I ran it a third time while plugged into the wall and got 46700, then on the battery again and got 47100. Now I think it's the internal temperature that's affecting it. The phone is pretty warm now. Either that, or this benchmark has a margin of error of something like 5%. I'm going to cool it down with come ice packs and run it again, to see.
I got 48000 almost exactly and the outside of the phone is still below room temperature. I think the benchmark just has a large margin of error.
wat
OpO best value for money.
/g/'s thoughts on ordering pic related? I've always thought that LG produced quality phones and thought that the G4 would be no different.inb4 gay leather back
G4 is a very good phone if you have the money to spare. Definitely worth it.
LG as a brand hasn't failed me for any devices yet.OTOH the market is full of devices with decent quality. You shouldn't have any particularly pressing need to look for above average manufacturing quality.
 cont'dReally, you largely can just pick by specs, price, and maybe ROM compatibility.
Previous Nexus 4 and G2 owner, its nice to see that other people also think that LG is a reliably and quality producing company. Definitely purchasing on tomorrow with Sprint.
I can see Dual-Sim being nice if you travel a lot or need multiple carriers on hand. Seriously looking at the Z3+ myself.
Xperia Z3 Compact
LG G3
I was thinking about the G3. Is the screen worth the hype? Does it drain noticeably more battery?How does it compare to OpO?
Screen does drain a lot, but it more than enough for a day, at least for me. As long as you don't play games on it or watch video all the time you should be fine. On idle/listening to music it's very efficient tbh, certainly compared to my old Galaxy S III.
I can find the 16 GB LG G3 on eBay for about the same as the 64 GB OpO.Should I go for it? Yes it has only 1/4th of OpO's memory but it has expandable memory.The specs are about the same. Which one would give me the best overall experience?

This is for a 32 GB model
listening to shills on this board
Your opinion matters, anon.Spit it out
I am seriously considering the G3 I don't manage to buy an available OpO from the sales.But if you have a G3 and can give some legit arguments, I might just go for it
Find G3 as much as shillplus onedoes not go for it
Is it x86 or ARM?
LG G3 for build quality, camera and display.Oneplusone for battery-life, performance and sound.The oneplus used to have the price advantage but now they are even so whichever you value the most.
Anything special out in chinkland right now?
Xiaomi Mi4 is said to be good
The Moto X is fine, I have one and it's faster than my G3 was. The battery and camera are awful though. I was going to buy some chink phone like most of the /g/eniuses here are shilling, but was definitely skeptical about durability and repairs. There are many times when people say they're on their second OnePlus one or Huawei. So either people on /g/ have no motor skills or the offbrand chink shit they bought is cheap as fuck. It's honestly probably both.
iPhone 5c or Moto G?
Inexpensive.... $400.....Now don't get me wrong I like to splurg as much as the next man, but inexpensive phone should surely be like $200 like moto4g/e ??
i will recommend mi4i tbh
Nice, my blisspop rom OPO got 47,XXX only.
I am on a Moto G LTE right now. Got it for $25 after rebate and am extremely satisfied. I would take the 5C for the same money, obviously.
can buy iPleb 5Cwant to buy moto gdude................
I got my Moto E 2nd gen for 120 bucks. My old phone was a HTC Wildfire S from 2011 with a single core 600 MHz CPU and my current phone feels like it is the fastest and smoothest mobile device ever made
isnt the g3 the bastard child of the series? i recall reading that you should go with 2 or 4 and skip the 3.
any recomedations for a phone with great camera and battery-life?
what do you mean "no support for apps"?the zenfone by definition will have less support since it has an intel chip.cyanogenmod whether the OP version or the actual CM version comes pretty damned close to AOSP. if that isnt your cup of tea, at least with the OP-O you can easily toss a near-AOSP rom on there.
this is the absolute WORST comparison. its a logical fallacy.you have two choices of phones prior to recently. you paid 600-850 and you got a decent to flagship phone. or you paid 50-300 and got a junker.now that carriers are actively trying to steer people away from contract subsidies, and since those prices for phones were always overblown... we now have a middle ground where near-flagship phones are just above the "shit" tier of phones half a generation ago.if you want a good device, these phones ARE cheap. comparable devices sell for 650-850... these are half that.that makes them cheap.since there are no other options.in your terms its like the difference between a nissan versa and a BMW.there are no buggatis. there is only the versa and a BMW. normally the beamers cost 650-800.now you can get a mercedes for 350. its as nice as the beamer, but nearly half the cost.its inexpensive in comparison. and a way better value.the fuck.
the only problem i have with this isno radiosseriously its not well equipped for US carriers iirc.
I am considering getting a new phone to replace my Nexus 4. The new zen's seem interesting but I like having stock android. Considering getting a Nexus 6 but they are pretty pricey.Either way the screen seems a bit large, but its honestly not much larger than the nexus, about 1 inch longer, half an inch wider.
car analogyam i on Slashdot?That's the biggest issues with chinkphones.  Most only support band 3 for LTE, which is fine for Europe, Australia, or China, but mostly useless for North America.The processor in the Zenfone 2 is a 64-bit x86 processor from Intel.  It's surprisingly competitive with ARM chips in term of power consumption, performance per watt, and heat, Intel has really stepped up their game.  I think part of the reason the ZF2 is relatively inexpensive is that Intel is pricing their chips aggressively so they can break into the mobile market.In any case I'm really happy with my Zenfone 2 4/64GB.  Just got another OTA update today 2.18 and an upgrade to Lollipop 5.1.1 is on the way according to SNSV.  They have also promised to unlock the bootloader, so we could see a bustling custom ROM scene.  The device seems to be popular, so hopefully it will get some attention.
Except the Zenfone 2 runs Lollipop, so all the apps you download are compiled for intel on install, and anything that can't be gets binary translated. All but the most abandoned, obscure, un-updated apps will work just fine.
didnt know about on the fly compiles, thats neat.was basically just pointing out that the other comment was backwards if not irrelevant.
Don't know who told you that, people were calling the G3 one of the greatest android phones ever when it was released.Has great longevity support from LG as well.
Was able to order an UMI Emax for $109.99. Only gets around 41k on antutu.I don't think it's worth it so I canceled the pre-order. Anyone knows a good IMX214 camera on a $120 budget?
How much are they selling the OPO right now with the sale going on
64gb $300, there's literally no reason to not just buy the G3 though. Better brightness/display, same battery life, same specs, expandable storage, no retarded bezels, tap to wake/knock codes, continued software support, etc.
OPO is the best device for the price at the moment. the 4gb zenphone might beat it specs wise but only be an insignificant amount which is outweighed by the One's massive developer support.
You can buy new G3 for $300? Where?
ignoring 
seems to go for ~350. the one has 50 dollars on it right now though, after their little flash sale however, i'd say you're right on with the g3.
Should I wait for the OnePlus 2? Or should I just buy the OPO with the sale going on?
Wait for the OP2, its right around the corner. If you dont like it im sure they will have more OPO sales to get rid of the rest of the stock.
oneplus two will most definitely be happening this year. but when this year is up in the air. i'd wait if you have something that works right now.
thx bros, i'll hold out until OP2
Is a blackberry Z10 for $200 a good deal?
blackberry
bump? Any IMX214 camera on a $120 budget?
umi emax scores 41k on antutuso does the 16gb zenfone. you done fucked up cancelling that order.
ill bump u, nerd.
Ever scene the specs?Loud but bad speaker qualityInterpolated 8MP OV8858 to 13MPI think I can get more from other phones for the price of $110-$120.
This oneSony Exmor for $145
after 2 fucking weeks of wait, my zenfone 2 is finally on the move. What am I expecting out of the box /g/ and what should I do first?
housefire 810you might want to reconsider and wait for OP3
Best site to buy Huawei and Xiaomi stuff in Canada?
Check for updates.
change screen to vividturn off autobrightness and/or go into the asus powersaver and turn off the option that turns brightness down to 80% of whatever you actual setting isuninstall/disable bloatroot it if you want but it seems inconvenient with the updates we get from asus every couple of weeks
Is it me or has the phone been running cooler with every update? Also stupid question here but I don't have to use the quick charger do I, can I just use a normal charger?
When is ZenPower coming out? I want that portable charger.
what should i do first?root it, install titanium backup, freeze or uninstall all the fucking bloat bullshit, download greenify and better battery stats, monitor the bullshit that eats battery the most and set it to auto hibernate when the phone screen is offafter that do whatever you want. which will most likely be ricing the fuck out of the homescreen and then nothing really ever useful with it like the rest of us
seems like it, the only time it gets really hot anymore is when i have it quick charging and even that seems to have cooled down a bit. also dont see why you couldnt use a normal charger, it just wont charge as fast
any charger will work, but the extra amperage on the quick charger will literally charge it in little under 2 hours compared to a standard cable/charger, which will take like 3-5 hours
So, did /g/ reserve their copy of Windows 10? Fill out this strawpoll:
Also discuss.
Can't get it since I'm running Win 8.1 Enterprise, will wait for the email with the Win 10 Enterprise key.
lame meme is lame
Well of course, I even got congratulated for signing up!
tfw reserved a copy with a pirated version
I'm going to give it a year and see the state it's in right before expiration before deciding to go with it or not.
wew lad
I am so hype that shit is lightning fast on the network. We installed the technical preview in class I just love it.
Thanks for spreading my meme OP, haven't seen it around in a long time. Here have another. It's all yours.
Same.
*slowly tips fedora*
Me too. Why?
OP here, our current top results.
well apparantly win10 isnt compatible with my laptops integrated gpu so im not getting it for laptop. getting it for my desktop for sure tho
y did i nut get de meesg :on my desktop no less
Most people with pirated versions didn't get the message because they knew they didn't pay. We are just coolio.
Reddit is more knowledgeable than /g/ on technology.You fuckers are an embarassment. Keep circlejerkin in your /bst/ /hpg/ /mkg/ and other cancerous metathreads.
So then why are you here?
Missing option:[  ] Yes, on my test box, but not on a production machine because inb4 lolupgradeproblems.
my missing option:[ ] I stopped using Windows since 8 and jumped ship to the superior GNU ecosystem
To provide you the solution that you're crying about. You know, the solution that so conveniently was publicized on Leddit and not 4chin.
I wasn't crying about anything, that was the other anon.
I don't install optional update, do you guys?
you're like those gender fluid peopleyou did it so it's a yes, no need for sub divisions
You sound like you didn't insert your estrogen buttplug this morning.
You still have one year for the free update starting the 29 july even if you don't reserve, right?
wew lad
I'll get Windows 10 once the software I use actually works with it.Windows 8 isn't terrible once you install classic shell, although I am still rocking the Windows 7.
trusting something that a massive company is giving away for freeyou're all silly
wew
, 
Hey /g/! I'm getting a gpu for my pc I wasn't going to use it for gaming when I got it so I didn't buy one anyways I was wondering if I need to buy any extra cables to install it or are they already in my case? I'm wanting the Asus gtx970.
Make sure your power supply supports +6 pin and/or +8 pin pci-e power connectors. In idiot terms, it should be one or two cords leading from your psu that have the words "pci-e" written on them. 970 requires two +8 pin adapters if I'm not mistaken. Also make sure your psu can sufficiently provide power to all your components.Post pic of your psu to be sure.
So what do you guys keep in your tech bags?Tryin to build one up for work, but not sure what I may need out in the field and what I wont.
These threads are the /g/ equivalent of "how do i get into [artist]".Once you start needing things, you start adding them to your bag, there's no need to ask for things unless you're looking for reasons to carry esosteric things like some kind of EDC autist.
tech bag? you mean my backpack? a laptop and charger.
So in other words,  none of you guys have any jobs.
Depends what you're doing anon
Hell lot of cables.
Ok Here's what I've got.Portable hard driveusb driveflashlightscrewdriverspencutterssata cableMHL adaptorbreadboardusb microbide ribbonelectrical tape6 8p8c rj45 endspower to usb1 to 3 power adaptercar plug to dual usbserial male to female straight cableAnd I just orderedgood 10kmah battery banksata/pata to usbDP to DVI Actually had to make a trip to bestbuy to get one for  a client alreadytough-ish microusb cable always needing one of these at workmolex to dual sata20' flat ethernet cabledvi to vgagood plug and play wireless adaptordb9 female to female coupler straightdb9 female to female coupler null modem stupid sonicwallsrj45 to serial cisco pinoutCant think of anything else I've needed. but it's the things I may need that I'm thinking about.
Been thinking about making one of these myself for all of my little electronics. Stuff like resistors, potentiometers, wires, buttons, led's, etc. Right now I'm using a lot of sewing boxes to sort stuff. I kind of want a bag to carry all of my sewing boxes in.
Surface 3 + type cover or rMBP13USB DriveBluetooth mouse57Wh battery bank + cablePack of Facial TissuesEarphones
Oh and a 4 port hub with a 3 inch ethernet cable that can be run off usb for doing packet sniffing.I've needed this once or twice before diagnosing switch to firewall link issues.
you guys like linus
thisif you really want some general-purpose stuff to just carry around all the time because it comes in handy, pack your laptop and charger, one of those all-in-one USB cables, a flashlight, some spare flash drives, and a multitool/pocketknife. if you have a job where you need specialized equipment then you'll know what it is and, since you didn't mention any such job, we don't know what it is.
2050hi future
We ll it is /g/...I figured junior consultant would be kind of obvious
I'm wanting to do a new pc build for this game.... I want to run it at highest details.  At 1080p for least amount of money possible.... given its made on cry engine 3... could I build a pc that will crush crisis 3 and call it good or is that not how it works?
/v/out
building a computer specifically for a game that won't be out for a couple yearswanting to max the gamewanting to do it for cheapHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It comes out next year. And I want the best value for my dollar. I know shit Aint going to be cheap. I could just tri sli titan blacks. But that would be overkill
comes out next yearHave you even kept up with the development of this game?Are you even a backer?laughinggrills.jpg
just forget the graphics wankery and go i5 8gb gtx960
There dropping squadron 42 and the persistent universe for backers at the end of this year.  And no not a backer. Waiting on sidelines to see if this shit even works or not.
Not reading the /g/ FAQ
Isint the game designed for amd mantle? What would be the amd equivalent to the gtx 960
This website is brilliant.  Thank u
How much vram do u guys think is good. Game is going to have alot of high res textures. Is 4gb vram going to do it or should I hold out till amd drops there 300 series cards next month?
Wait until it comes out. We won't know the requirements until the game is finalized, and by the time it comes out the tech will be cheaper and better.
Ur probably right... I just didn't want to sit on all that cash till it comes out... something always comes up and I have to use my pc budget on bills or something
There dropping squadron 42 and the persistent universe for backers at the end of this year.Goddamn, they're still busy with the FPS module, which is integral to every other part and was planned to be done months ago. Don't expect anything substantial for at least a year.Should be. But that was promised a while ago. As was Linux support I think. They haven't really made any headway with it I think. I wouldn't expect it honestly.
Anybody good with projectors? Looking to start a guerilla drive in. I'm expecting at most 25 cars per movie. What's a good projector that will have a good distance and good quality? Expecting to spend around $500
Looking to start a guerilla drive in.Expecting to spend around $500Expect to have over 25 people that will want their money back.$500 is about average to get a good projector that will work well in a room. You're WAY underbudget.
guerilla drive in what the fucktriple your budget, but also give detailswhat about audio? i'm assuming some sort of FM modulator
If you want to go cheap, get one from best buy. Their open boxes are dirt cheap
Buy one with a dead bulb, buy a new bulb and replace it.  That's how you get em cheap.
Any good rainmeter skins you guys use, if so, name and pic?Pic related, Simply nova
goodrainmeter skinsPick one.
not making your own theme
Please, there are plenty of nice skins. You're too young to be this bitter
WindowsFuck off.
Absolutely harm. God looking at that screencap made me sick.
Windows 10 and you don't even need rain meter to install this skin
When are all of you going to give up the GNU/Linux meme? It's been going on for long enough. Windows is the master race, always has been, always will be.
Rainmeter is shit. It's useless stats that you already have easy access to without having to go to your desktop to see them. It's also ugly as fuck 99% of the time.Why do you need 2 clocks? Why do you need to know how much hard drive space you have left, especially on those drives you don't even have? Why do you need to see how much cpu and ram is being used at all times, but your only able to see it when you minimize everything else?
Don't listen to all these shitheads. Rain meter is a cool little application to customize windows with.I suggest "fountain of colors", and "TinzSlideShow" if you want a still image on your desktop with no border. Otherwise, for stats, I like Seclorum.
This
You going to activate windows...?
rainmetertrashcan icon on desktopwin 8not activatedNo school today?
i stopped using rainmeter a couple of years ago and the only skin i liked was simple media
Hi /g/, I'm planning to start a website however I have absolutely zero website design experience. However I've been able to secure a number of volunteers to start this website and get it up and running. My question here is, since I'm expecting to have complete and final control over the end result, but I will have people working on it for free, if the website does become successful can they end up trying to claim that I owe them something and I will have to eventually compensate them for their work put in? planning on adding ads and some other stuff later on but not at the start.Also, would it be a good idea to try to minimize the people working on this or just continue along with the path of getting a decent sized group of volunteers like I said I have no experience making websites so I have no clue.
not if you make 'em sign a contract in advance
Hmm, is this the only way? I want to avoid mentioning monetization in any way at first because I don't believe it will sit well with the other people the website is going to be a community based website where everyone is supposed to help each other, I imagine some people would boycott my website if I even hinted that I planned to monetize it in the end.
Use a stock theme on wordpress or something
I want to put a buttload of features in it for example ratings, chat systems etc. and I thought if I used one of these websites I wouldn't be able to constantly add features on it, not to mention since i have a pool of volunteers to help out with this I figured itd be better if I did it that way.
How about paying people for work instead of trying to work around it? Give them a percentage of what you make, and treat them as ongoing support as well.Either that or don't monetize it in the first place.
, 
Is this the most important even of this millennium?simply or primarily from a /g/ pov, but in terms of the march of human progress.
Phones aren't really that important to human progress. Smart phones have really just given us a was to distract ourselves from working.Although, I do agree that they have pushed advanced power saving methods and small form factors.
Of course.It was a software breakthrough.
terms of the march of human progress.b8
Should I just fucking buy a 290x tri-x OC and overclock it even more? It's $270 and comes with dirt rally. The 300 series aren't going to  cause an appreciable price shift immediately upon release, and I'm not waiting more than 2 days after june 16 to buy a new gpu. Should I just get this and be done with it? I can upgrade in the future if I need to
Almost forgot, this is for 1080 gaymen
i plan on taking my 290x on an OCN suicide run here when 3xx are announced
So just wait 2 weeks?
this question has been asked about 5 times in the last hour, so I'll sum it up3xx comes out soonbut you seem to think prices on 290/290x won't change, so it's a moot point290 is within 5% of a 290x's performance while being $50 cheaperthen again, 290x are probably binned higher so you can OC even bettercan probably get a 290x used for $50 lessmost brands have 2 year warranties, so buying used isn't that risky, and saving $50 might be worth itI'm personally gonna wait till 3xx because I live in Canada, so a new 290 is gonna be $280 min and $300 min for a 290x, so I won't be missing any deals by waiting
Yes, that's a great card. Make sure you're getting the new edition.
Ok I'm less concerned about the 290x prices, I think they are great right now and I would buy it in a heartbeat if I didn't think that the 380 or 390 or 390x would outperform it at a similar price point. How likely is that? They also have 8gb vram
where is the sapphire 270? 300 on newegg
sorry it's 279 on newegg after rebateI might just wait out a bit and use integrated graphics. Works well enough for csgo anyway. Fuck, hopefully the 290x doesnt go UP in price when the 3xx series release. What a shitty gpu market
Get whatever you want, man. You're not going to really feel any benefit from the new cards unless you buy a 980ti.
/g/ look what I found while shopping
You gonna buy it?
wish I could, guy says no one really ask about it so he has to contact management, they have a lot of these for different computer pioneers
Where at?
haven't owned a rig for something like four yearsthat feel when waiting for my newly purchased i5 4690, GTX 970, and other parts to arrive in the mail
that feel when I have never owned a rig.
970Enjoy your 3.5GBs
I'm perfectly aware. It was still the best card for my budget and build.
binned componentswhat a cuck
I wish I could live on an rig.
silky smooth 1080p in all gamessame can be accomplished in 1440p with a simple upgrade to SLIall at a decent price so far as these things gosoon.jpgYou jelly?
same can be accomplished in 1440p with a simple upgrade to SLIYeah not with the 970's vram issues.
970 gtx
I assume that you have the data to back up such a claim?
I get why people bang on about the 970 - nVidia lied about the specs and initiated MAXIMUM DAMAGE CONTROL when they were caught out.That being said, for 1080p gaming, which according to Steam's survey was still the most common, it certainly does the trick for a half-decent price. Yes, it's going to shit itself at higher resolutions, yes, there are higher-tier cards out there, yes, I believe people shouldn't buy it.However, I think the reason behind not buying it should be to show nVidia that this shit doesn't fly, not because of the 3.5 meme.
R9 280x or 750Ti, /g/?
R9 290X by far. Even R9 285. That's a great little chip.
280X* my mistake
280, not 290
Okay then.Is Powercolor good? Their 280x is the cheapest in my area. The others are like 1.5x more expensive.
You must be new here. Read a gpu thread next time you see one. 1440 = higher vram use = card shits all over itself.
Meant to quote 
Two GTX 970s in SLI can handle whatever VRAM increases 1440p can throw at them, 3.5GB problems or no. In most games, anyway.
I'm interested to see how the 970 runs in SLI if memory stacking is a thing that ends up existing.I mean, would it stack the two fast 3.5 partitions first, leaving 1GB slow, or would it fuck up, use the first 3.5, then access the .5, and then access the other 3.5? Fuck if I know, I'm a top-tier retard compared to most of you blokes on here.
Just one example.
It works pretty much the same as a single GTX 970, but, you know, double everything.
So it'll be able to use 7GB of VRAM before slowing down?
Yes.
he got a 970:^
Coolcoolcool. I guess 970SLI setups won't be so bottlenecked then.
Only in games with full directx 12 support.
You would have saved money with a 290x retard. I hope something breaks and you cry yourself to death.
The 290x has heat issues that I had to take into consideration.
Only the reference model does. There are dozens of aftermarket cooling options.
I don't even think you can get reference cards anymore unless you buy used.
Extra money and time spent on aftermarket cooling solutions saves me money how?
This is true. That being said, I think 4K gaming on DX12 would pretty much require a second 970 if that's the card that's being used.I think the 970 will really come into it's own when DX12 and memory stacking become, if not standard, more widely used.
Extra moneySome cost the same as the reference cards. not spending extra time doing research before you spend hundreds of dollars on something
SLI 970's for 4KYou're just asking for problems.
check neweggnothing but 290x's with after market coolersThat was hard.
implying I didn't researchHeat issues arise, the 290x has worse benchmarks anyway, and it's basically the same price.
290x has worse benchmarksThe 290x and 970 trade blows depending on the game.
Was just about to post this. They are close enough in performance where you would base your choice on other factors. For example not turning into a stuttering pile of ass when you fill 80% of the vram.
I didn't realize that the different models produced by different companies is what he meant by "aftermarket cooling." To me, it's not aftermarket if it's produced that way. Semantics.290x cards produced by any company have at least minor heat issues, which I'd rather stay away from in my climate.
you are retarded...
I suppose the correct term is non-reference cooler, not aftermarket cooler. They do solve the heat issues though. 
Currently, no.Only in DX12 games, basically never
Living in Texas, I used to be concerned with heat output as well, but I realized that unless it's an extremely, extremely low powered rig, then your room is gonna heat up regardless.The power consumption for the 970 is grossly exaggerated as well because people only know it based on the reference models that first came out, but I don't think you can even get reference cards anymore and non-reference models are known to consume quite a bit more power. I forgot which siteit, but they did a comparison and nvidia through a bitch fit, so they were, more or less, forced to take it down.
Eh, well, live and learn. I thought the heat problems were much worse.No regrets.
jesus fucking christ time to go outside neckbeard. quit fucking worrying about what everyone else buys and just worry about your shitty pentium 4/512mb RAM gaytoo box.
Lately /g/ has been extra full of misinformation on graphics cards. Idiot fanboys exaggerate everything and base their opinions on clickbait articles. The repurposing of the housefire meme is a good example.
Welcome to 4chan.It's just meme bullshit that people constantly have to bring up.Own a 290x?lol enjoy house fires xD xDOwn a 970?lol 3.5 xD xD xD
I'm in the same boat. I'm still using a GTX 560 ti so I'm upgrading to 1440p and maybe a GTX 970. :3
quit fucking worrying about what everyone else buysquit fucking worrying about what party everyone else votes onLiterally the same thing in capitalism.
What you retards relax. why are yo even on 4chan. shouldn't you be playing with your 9999 ultra 99 xx ti titanium GTX xx super series GPU's right now?  I swear you GPu fags buy this expensive shit just to brag
 Comparing choosing a GPU to choosing a president or partyRightio then!
it  op being a retard who didn´t research befor buying.good work op good work/v/ is were you want to go
Eh, you try researching on nothing but mobile after more or less living under a rock for four years. I'm still very, very happy with what I'm going to get.
like i said you are a retard somebody dumping away his money without researching is the definition of a retard/idiot.Upgrade ATM at all is retarded. amd is gonna releas their new gpus in about 11days. If they show us a good card you could consider buying it or profit of the 980ti price drop as reaction on it. But all this rertards buying now a card top lel
Should have paid for better shipping
order 4 niggerbytesdelivery of 3.5 overnight expressdelivery of last 0.5 standard flat rate
That seems scary as shit.
I'm still on GTX 560ti too. I bought a 970, but /g/ convinced me to return it. I guess I'm waiting for the 390x now.I'm going to skip 1440p, I'll be saving for 2160p.
letting /g/ tell you what to doeverDid you get a terrorist watch and a thinkpad too?
With all the crapcoins out there, such as Rabbitcoin, could you see any exchanges adopting a coin based on the prophet of Islam? Islam has a prophet, not they need to PROFIT of Islam.MuhummadCoin.
Sell it fucking ISILBecome king of the jews
Help spread Islam/submission by spreading this coin
Get to work then fagYou're too late on the whole crypto coin thingThe best coin in my opinion was the merchant coin
Alright /g/, what is the best virtualization software to be running with Linux as the host? I've seen a lot of people running VirtualBox and had one professor who adored qemu. What's the best? What do you use?
just use virtualbox jesus
I use virtualbox with windows 7 as host, it´s better than vmware player. I´ve never tried qemu.
Fuck off you faggotJust try them and figure out which is good.
I don't want to waste my time you jagIsn't windows shit as a host?
VMware is one of the better onesUse virtualbox as a backup incase you can't get it for whatever reason
If you're running a Linux host and want an Open Source guest, KVM + Libvirt will give you the lowest overhead without being a major thorn in your side. If you're too much of a noob for KVM, then virtual box is widely used and acceptable. VMware isn't with it unless you're working with ESXi or other heavy metal tech from them.
Xen
I should have no problem getting vmware. I just want something that is powerful enough to actually be worth using in case i need to run a more power hungry winblows app
VirtualBox
KVM + QEMU rules them all
So /g/, will you be buying a GTX 980ti? I could probably afford one soon if I don't spend much money this month. 6GB GDDR5 2816 CUDA Cores 384bit memory interface Performance is only slightly less than a Titan £550
 Performance is only slightly less than a TitanIt's actually better than the titan x when both are overclocked. It overclocks a lot better for some reason.
Nah, here in Brazil high-end stuff is too fucking expensive. The Titan X alone costs 2000 dollars, GTX 980 ti will be around 1900 dollars.
not waiting for amd 980ti killer
No, I have a 290X 8GB and it works fine.If i was buying, I'd hold off to see how much the Fiji/Fury actually costs and buy whichever gave best performance-per-dollar.980ti is a pretty nice card.
I'm waiting on AMD to see what they bring and how pricing is affected
Exactly what I'm doing.  Getting a Fury if the performance with HBM rules, otherwise most likely getting a 980 ti.The problem is, I need a new display to go with it, and nothing looks super compelling right now.  I'll probably have to wait until mid/late summer just to get something to use a Fury or 980 ti to its full potential.There's a good chance I just wait for Pascal, too.  My 750 ti is doing all right at 1050p.
It overclocks a lot better for some reason.So it probably consumes way more energy as well. When you overclock something, it pretty much kills it's energy efficiency.
AMD isn't really a sensible option for me, I have a g-sync monitor.Supposedly, the 980ti is Nvidia returning fire for AMD saying that they're making a competitor for the Titan X.
I refuse to buy Nvidia anymore, so I'm just waiting for the Fury. If that sucks looks like I'm sticking to my GTX 400 series card until the R9 400 series comes out.No point in buying a GDDR5 card now when HBM is right on the horizon. If I really have to buy anything Nvidia I'll at least wait until they get HBM2 so I have some amount of longevity.
kek what a shit country
I won't. I have 290X CF, it's fine for now. I'll wait until HBM2, a die shrink and hopefully some VR headsets so I can see which cards work best show up.
It also has 256 less shaders, but it's not like it's a huge loss at that amount.Energy efficiency is always bullshit anyway, 970 and 980 both pull around 270watts on furmark, TitanX and 980ti pull 300 odd watts and 290X pulls around 320watts.Everything on the highend pulls 'around' 300watts at decent non-reference clocks.Furmark issn't real world draw though, I'm not sure what a highend maxwell does here, but I'm pretty impressed with my 290X.In any case, just buy whatever has the best performance for the money you have/want to spend.If you need a card RIGHT NOW, the best in the $650 range is a 980Ti.If you're happy to go SLI/CF, the best to buy is 2x 980ti SLI then 2x 290X 8GB CF mid upper then 2x 4GB 960 SLI.
I remember when flagship graphics cards were around the £250 ball park, this is practically extortion, wouldn't know what to call the Titan.
Supposedly, the 980ti is Nvidia returning fire for AMD saying that they're making a competitor for the Titan X.Or you know, the 980Ti has been in the works since 2013 and they're on schedule for releasing the cut down titan.Like they've done for the past half decade.
I do like the sound of that, but it's probably going to be stupidly expensive when it arrives. I'll probably do what I did with my 760- get another one later on to SLi it.
Gonna buy an EVGA GTX 970 in two weeks then in september step up to the 980Ti.
If people still pay for it, they're going to charge it. The Titan X isn't really for the general consumer, it's a professional level GPU. The only people who use it for games are testers, etc. to see what it can do.
I'm currently using 2 GTX 760s. They work very nicely, but now I'm on 1440p they can struggle a bit with just 2GB VRAM.
professional level GPUWith severely neutered DP compute.It's not very professional, neither is Quadro M6000.Dell is still selling the K6000 for that very reason.
Yes I've already bought 2 and plan to buy another one. Nvidia just does it right.
no double precisionhandicapped driverspure gaymen cardSure man,  its very "proffesional"
I'm thinking of 2x 980, since they just got the price drop.
IT'S PROFESSIONAL IN MY MIND O.K?
Meh. After spending weeks defending amd I've given up. If Fiji doesn't perform similar or 390x is a big boost from 290x.snd they are priced okish. I don't see a single reason to get amd
but does it coil whine?
8GB versionAll the benchmark prove than change nothing in uhd/4k or eyefinity. It's a waste of money.
If you need a card this year, GTX 980 Ti is as best as it getsIf you can wait, next year Pascal HBM2 will be available
This.If it does a lot, then I won't buy it. All the paid shills on YouTube talk about the 'looks' and 'performance', ect. I just want to know whether it screeches or not. It would off my tinnitus/hyperacusis if it does.
daily reminderAMD = incompetentNvidia = evilWait Fury, if AMD fail again, buy the 980 ti or the 980 when the price will dr
Unless you CF it, which is what it was made for
buy referencedon't wait the techpowerup costume tests
The biggest question in my mind is how 4GB HBM will perform on that Fury card. Surely they wouldn't make such a powerful card with not enough VRAM, that tells me that comparing HBM and GDDR5 might not be a straight equivalency even the higher bandwidth aside to Nvidia cards. Hell, we'll probably see an 8GB variant later if it isn't up to snuff. If it does well on the initial release for 4K I'd see no need to wait for Arctic Islands or Pascal.I also really want to go with AMD for a card because they don't fuck DP unlike Nvidia. I'm primarily getting this to drive Star Citizen when that comes out and Elite Dangerous which both I think E:D will get it in time if it already doesn't have it now use DP. Aside from Nvidia's awful business practices that's another thing keeping me from going back to them.
Are the 980tis even in stock yet? Are there any other non reference models out besides evga?
you only need 4gb in most games even at 4KHBM is to GDDR5 what GDDR5 is to GDDR3/4at the top end thats the bottleneck for both AMD and Nvidia cardsshills can spew bullshit about performance all they want but when AMD demos Fiji at E3 your gonna find out real quick how obsolete GDDR5 really is
I'm planning to get one too, but will wait a month or two for AMD and more reviews.Do they do single reviews, or compare the manufacturers all together against each other?
at the top end thats the bottleneck for both AMD and Nvidia cardsIt isn't a bottleneck for any GPU on the market today, Titan X and 980Ti included. It would become a bottleneck if it had not been replaced by HBM though, so it's great that we're doing this before it's an issue.
Nah, I currently have 2 OC'd 780s in SLI and I cant imagine the 980ti will really blow them out of the water. The only issue is that gaming at 1440p the 3GB of Vram sometimes can be an issue. I'll wait for pascal
I want to, but waiting for AMDs new cards review.Any manufacturer to look out?Overclock myself or buy already overclocked?
Don't buy reference cardstrust me it's awful
you only need 4gb in most games even at 4KI'm aware for most, but some have been going over that even in 1080p/1440p right? Regardless I think it's going to be irrelevant when it comes to HBM.
Bought a 980 around christmas. Gonna wait till the 980 tis start becoming popular and pick up another 980 when the prices get slashed.
There's no reason to ever SLI/CF non top of the line cards right off the bat.
i still doubt that fiji was ever planned with 4GB.I mean how retarded would this line up be? Tonga with 4 and probably 6GB, only hawaii versions with 8GB and Fiji, the new, fancy fancy high end chip with 4GB? Even when they somehow pull some magic more effective vram management out of their ass which makes the 4GB a non issue in almost all cases it's still a killer marketing wise. Probably worse than hawaiis shit reference cooler.I still hope that pic related is true and not one of the many fuck ups in hynix presentation materials. Otherwise fiji will get slaughtered at launch, no matter how it performs.
It's because there's cut cores producing no heat so the cores that still remain can be clocked higher, that or voltage efficiency is increased.
It's because there's cut cores producing no heat so the cores that still remain can be clocked higherif that was true, why increase core count at all?  that or voltage efficiency is increased.How should that work? It's the same fucking chip.GM 200-400 is not weaker than GM 200-310, even when OC'd. The Titan X chip performs obviously better, you can OC how you want. That some of the tested 980Tis  were able to overclock high enough means nothing, that's just the usual spread you get between chips. Silicon lottery, after all.
where do you guys even buy reference cards?whenever I've bought a card I go on newegg and I never saw any reference cards
Yes but I am trying to wait a couple months.Want a evga copper anyways. Maybe two before long.
will it have waterblocks coming out?
Apparently the High-Density versions aren't available yet. At least not available for public order on their site, check their catalog. I find it hard to believe that they don't exist yet though, since it is still HBM1. That image isn't some obscure slide, it's right on the main page for their graphics memory.The most likely explanation is that the high density ones have lower yields which is why they will also take longer to get to the market and have a price premium. I think it's consistent with the idea that there's a Fiji PRO and a Fiji XT model or variants of XT. Since AMD helped Hynix make HBM I would imagine they'd give them first crack at the good stuff before the rest of the market.
You're underestimating people. If real world benchmarks show HBM magic performs at is should, people will flock to it. Numbers sound good, but a fancy title like HBM sounds even better.
that depends on the card you want. There were no real GM 204 reference cards. There were many GK 110/Hawaii reference cards.
$1100 dollerydoos
Just buy the hybrid.
i can afford one now, but I'd rather wait for AMD to release the 390x.
Won't be buying one, it's too expensive where I live.I could buy 2x 970s for that price and still save 100-200 bux.Here is me thinking that I'll be better off just buying one 970 now and getting a second one later. Hopefully then the VRAM will stack and dual cards will be the way to go anyway.
I think Asus, MSI, Zotac, etc. are releasing mostly at the end of this month. Different sites are getting them at different stages, but I think as a rule most of them will be out over the next 2 months.
Waiting for this sexy beast. Has there been any talk as to release date yet?
vram doesn't stack
Apparently the High-Density versions aren't available yet. At least not available for public order on their site, check their catalog. I find it hard to believe that they don't exist yet though, since it is still HBM1. That image isn't some obscure slide, it's right on the main page for their graphics memory.It wouldn't be the first time that products that are available for certain partners aren't listed in the official calatog. That happens all the time. When someone wants something special and can pay up for it and it is possible they get it. Samsung, Micron, UMC... do it all the time.The pic i posted is from info material hynix handed out at GDC, if i recall correct it's nowhere in their presentations or on their website. Thing is, they are notorious at making stupid mistakes in their info material. pic related for example. So probably the pic i posted with 2 and 4GB HBM1 stacks is just the work of some stupid trainee who doesnt know what exactly he is doing.The most likely explanation is that the high density ones have lower yields which is why they will also take longer to get to the market and have a price premium. I think it's consistent with the idea that there's a Fiji PRO and a Fiji XT model or variants of XT. Since AMD helped Hynix make HBM I would imagine they'd give them first crack at the good stuff before the rest of the market.They are already producing DDR4 DRAM on their 2y node, and, generally speaking, DRAM is easy to produce. Once you've got the yields for your process up everything's fine, increasing the size is no problem then.The hard part about HBM is the stacking, but that doesn't really change when you increase the size of the slices. Look how the image of the reference coolers stuck to hawaii. People still thing it's a power hungry, notoriously hot behemoth. Do you really think they'll be forgiving or rational when it comes to the VRAM amount?
I could but I don't feel comfortable with spending so much money a gpu. I regrettably have a 970 so unless I can sell it on for a decent amount, I'll probably stick with it for quite some time yet.
i already have oneWitcher 3 runs OKAY on everything set on ultra + hairworksCrysis feels kinda sluggish with every setting on max
i was planning on doing buying another 970 in the future. I'll be butthurt if ram stacking is shit in dx12
1. VRAM doesn't stack2. Multicarding is a MASSIVE waste of money.
VRAM won't stack linear with SFR, ever. The people that set this rumor in the world should be euthanized.
did the memes make you feel bad, anon?
I'm planning to buy two. If the price of EVGAs website is correct I'll be getting two Hydrocoppers. Usually they're ~$200 more than msrp and buying a block and backplate seperately is ~$150. But they'll be selling them at $150 above so.. Seems easier and actually cheaper in my case.
I have 1440p too and I'm using a GTX 660 2GB.It's not bad for what I'm playing right now but I do admit I kept myself from playing new or demanding games.
I think he meant with dx12. Everyone knows ram doesn't stack
I'd say it more makes me worry about the life span of my card since unless I take active steps to keep my vram usage under 3.5gb its going to start fucking things up for me. Even gta v at 1080p takes 3.4gb and thats not even on max settings.
even then, won't happen.
what the fuck do you know??
Thanks for the picture.I was looking for the measurements of the HBM someone used in this picture.
it's a $350 dollar card it's not going to play games on ultra forever, for now it's doing really well. I used a $150 dollar video card with 1gb vram for 3 years so I'm sure you'll be okay.
i know that even with SFR redundant data is needed to some degree for working load balancing.And even then it's ridiculously hard to implement. Way harder than AFR. And look what awesome support we get for that by devs.
What sort of FPS do you get on 1440 / Ultra?I'll be a bit late to the party, but I'd really like to run Arkham Knight maxed out and I don't think my current 2x 760s could do that.
around 40 on Witcher 3it's not really noticeable because of jewsync
690 here, considering it. 2GB of VRAM has long since stopped being enough for 1440pnever really was. Problem has been finding something actually faster under $1000. I really want to get in on either Pascal or AMD's non-crippled HBM solution though, so that would require flipping the card in under a year potentially. Not sure how I feel about that.
$460 in my country, but yeah. While I am generally happy with its performance I can't help but worry. Mind you I seem to have bad lucky since this card, and my 660 both had  memory issues.
take it with a grain of salt. These values are for the first iteration of HBM produced on hynix 2x process. I honestly don't know what fiji will use, but i hope it's something else.Also it sucks to make these calculations with a foto that needs corrected perspective. Many others have already tried that with the "correct" values for the HBM chips, and their results vary  somewhere between 500 and 650mm^2.
I've heard stories. Is that why the mega drive had such a  long life in BR land?
the performance jump from GM 200/Fiji to the large 16/14nm FF chips will be massive...
I haven't played Witcher 3 yet so I don't really know how demanding it is.Anything else recent that you've tried it on? What sort of performance do you get?
I went from 690 to 780ti SLI, One alone was close if not matching the 690
ill have to sli 980tis to get the performance i want on my triple monitor setup unless the fury can do betterIm terrified. Id be spending more on my gpu setup than the rest of my pc combined.
Im terrified. Id be spending more on my gpu setup than the rest of my pc combined.It was always like that when you wanted to go high end...
live in Norwaymfw I saw the price tag starting 6800 NOK, nearly 900 USDWhat do?
That's pretty much the way things are these days, the GPU is pretty much always going to be the most expensive part of your build.As a rule if you're spending more money on anything than your GPU, you're doing it wrong.
smuggle it over the border from germany
didn't have the time yet to check every gameArham City runs on 90 fps avg.
the times where you could justify to buy a ~1000$ cpu for gaming are long gone. Sad, everything was developing way faster back then.
6800NOK = £571That's about the price of the EVGA superclocked version.
Literally every 980 Ti listed on Newegg except one from EVGA is a reference card.
Thanks, that gives me a really good idea. Running 1440p + Physx with no AA gives me about 60 on Arkham City, but it frequently drops to below 40 in busy areas.I think I'll get a 980ti when the reviews and non-reference cards are out.
Your "sexy beast" looks like a transformer's ass.
2047MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti NVIDIA2047MB
Hopefully then the VRAM will stackIt will not and never will, because PCI-E is way too slow to compare to the latency and bandwidth of direct VRAM access. It can "stack" in the sense that you can have 2 separate pools that can potentially be used for separate things, but 2 cards will never act as if they have a joined pool of VRAM. If both cards need fast access to a certain bit of information then both cards will need to store that bit in their own VRAM.
W.. What? Why is it only picking up 2GB?
Look how the image of the reference coolers stuck to hawaii. People still thing it's a power hungry, notoriously hot behemoth. Do you really think they'll be forgiving or rational when it comes to the VRAM amount?Yes, because there's nothing actually negative going on unlike the 290 stock cooler fiasco.Also, the 290 does run very hot and draws a lot of power. Yes, many people still call it housefire, but there's three reasons: - The one you mentioned. Uninformed people who still think the card runs so hot it throttles. - Memetards who do it for shits and giggles. - People who compare it to the 970 which is significantly cooler than the 290 and offers similar performance. Relatively speaking, you can call a 290 a housefire.
KEK
IT'S FUCKING HAPPENING
how does a card fuck up this hard and still run?
GPUz is picking up the whole 6GB.
It's not fucking up, Speccy is wrong probably because it hasn't been updated or some shit.
What's next after the 980ti? Is it going to be a lot more powerful than the 980ti?
Gonna wait til I get a job and save up, then I'll make a build with two 980 Tis and BTFO my bank account.
wow you're right
TITAN ZX, two TITAN X's on one card.$2100 USD
i'll buy two, with reference coolers i have mATX. finally something powerful enough to max out every game at 4k.
Ah come on, it even had that image when boardpartner designs were out since months and the only competiton were the GK 110 cards which had equal power consumption.Also the whole comparison against the 970 is blown out of proportion. 50W more is a joke, and the difference becomes smaller when you run the 970 at the clockspeeds every user with a brain uses it at. Who spends 400 bucks for a card and then doesn't push it to the maximum?
$2100I think you mean $3100.
tfw scared to upgrade in fear of the card being obsolete in a year like my 770The main reason i didnt hop on the 970 bandwagon. Sure it "runs everything really well" now, and the 3.5 isnt an issue now, but wait 6 mmonths.
pascal and arctic islands. Yes, new node and HBM will offer the biggest performance jump since years. Don't expect anything before H2 2016.
Might as well buy the 980 ti then, I'll upgrade again next year.
980ti only uses 2gb by default then it access the rest of the memory like the 970 does.This is a Nvidia trademark method now
well' i'd wait for fiji and decide then. only 2 weeks to go.
What else am I supposed to buy that costs less than $500?I only have had my laptop for 2 years and I don't want to live with that forever.
if you understood the 970s gimped VRAM you'd know why this wouldnt be possible.
980 might get pushed below 500 as soon as the 980Ti and fiji are widely available.
class="quote"AMDPOORFAGS still lying about memory bus
I have a G-Sync display though.
nivida users
I know that feel mate. If this line of GPUs fail, they are probably dead. We need a miracle! If the 390x is somehow power efficient and better than the Titan X... for a similar or lower price... then AMD survives.
people lying about disabled ROP/TMUs and partitioned ramcool
well, that sucks.... Fiji still might push the prices for the 980Ti down though....
390x failsintel and nvidia join to form super giga jew 9000pentiums at $500you need a titan to play the latest battlefield of duty at 30fps
If AMD survives or dies will be decided in 2016. Except for Carrizo there won't be anything groundbreaking this year. Their GPUs will get a complete new line up on 14nm FF and with zen there might be something interesting on the CPU side of the company.To me fiji seems like it's designed with a HPC environment in mind, so i doubt it'll be stronger than GM 200 by a fair margin in gaming scenarios.
a1if the titan was a good card it wouldnt need steak sauce to make it taste good
depends on whether my 650 watt PSU will handle it.
AMD already said they don't want to be the poorfag option anymore.if the fiji is faster than ti, it'll cost more
The Titan Z was a terrible card.$4,000 for a dual gpu? Seriously.
it already happened
I was waiting for these Fury cards to come out to get one, but I just saw news that Fury =/= 390x, and that it's MSRP is 849 dollarydoos.Is AMD going full jew mode?
6GB GDDR5did you mean 5.25 GB RAM ?
never heard that one before.
Why?Because EVERY time Nvidia releases a product there are threads all over the board daily saying "Why you no buy it"I don't need to be convinced to buy something - a good product is self evident and sells itselfThat aside, I buy AMD out of moral sense - I cannot in good faith go for an Nvidia card with all the shit that has come up the past years. Drivers shitting on Kepler, 3.5gate, lying about power draw, gimped compute for the titan x arguably the only thing it would be worth considering the 980Ti, etc.etc. Good god not to mention all the brand fanboys.
Step UpACX 2.0+ 980 Tistock clockshow big a chance is this thing shit binned?
make titanclaim it does gud computeit doesn'twait awhilerelease ti version of top tier card that is very close to titanprice it far below titanWOW LOOK WHAT WE DID
The GPU prices here in Norway really aren't as bad as people think. It's all the other hardware we pay too much for.
i think if you turn hairworks and vsync off you'll get a solid 60
Still, us plebs benifits massively from this anyway.Even if this is Nvidia attempt to final battle AID at least we can benefit in the short term.
I'm sure like 5 individuals and 2 or 3 companies will enjoy the benefits of nodrivers
That works fine for me. I'm not bothered about hair and I use jewsync as well.Time to get me a 980ti.
anyone tested if it has actual 6GB or 5.5GB?
pretty sure you get a solid 60 with those settings on a 980 even
Thanks to the 980 ti I'm snapping up a used 980 SC from EVGA to SLI with my current one. It takes 2 980's or 2 980 TI's to get 4k 60 FPS in a lot of games so the price difference is all I'm really losing when talking about SLI performance.
implying transformers aren't sexy
This is just making me want the card more. The only reason I've held off on GTA V for PC is because I was concerned about 1440p performance.
waiting for the superiority complex fags to ditch their 980s for 980 tis, hopefully i can pick up a 980 used for like 440
Because 850 euros is a little too much. Weren't they supposed to lower the prices of the non-Ti 980? Those things are still over 600€, and 970 prices have actually gone up.Technically I could afford any GPU but why would I give money to jews, and I'm not talking about Nvidia here but the Finnish retail stores. Someone is arbitrarily keeping the prices high because there is not enough competition.
I snagged a cheap vapor-x 290 and will hold of until Greenland. Then I'll get that or  the 395x2 if that drops low enough
I have a g-sync monitorOP is a complete faggot and loves choking on nvidia corporate cock.
at least you got one more mb of memory
jewsync is great tho
No it isn't
It's a gimmick.
you must be trolling.390x will not beat titanx. it just has to perform a bit better than the competing product at that price point.
Freesync is even better
Jewsync and FreeSync are still fucking apple and oranges and only idiots think they're exactly comparable.jewsync monitor fpga maybe asic someday module plus gpu timers and driver stack support only works with jewvidia GPUs -and- monitors with jewvidia fpga for vendor lock-in goodness has always supported panel overdrive for no spooky ghosts has always supported panel self refresh for no tears at low fps requires additional shekels and mailing the foreskins of your newborn sons to chief rabbi Jen-Hsun Huangfreedom fighter sync uses based VESA's DP 1.2a aka Adaptive-sync protocol freesync brand just means GPU timer plus driver stack and maybe stickers for monitors overdrive and self-refresh are controlled by monitor's t-con and scaler and have nothing to do with either Adaptive-sync protocol or FreeSync GPU-side hardware or software has negligible cost above non-dynamic sync monitors except maybe for yuropoors? the major scaler vendors are putting Adaptive-sync support in future ASICs as a baseline feature none of the current models appear to support overdrive, though there is no reason why they couldn't in the future aside from being cheap/lazyjewsync monitors will only ever work with jewvidia gpus, but it is conceivable that nvidia would allow their gpus to use Adaptive-sync monitors in the future.current Adaptive-sync monitors are cheap and will always have ghosting issues, but it is stupid to assume that all future Adaptive-sync monitors will as well.
Way I see it here is the advantage of jewsync is that there's a stricter implementation so you know what you're getting, but the price and vendor-lock in is absolutely bullshit.Where as freesync can be fucking awesome or pretty shit depending on the vendor's implementation. If AMD plays their cards right Nvidia will have no choice but to support freesync, or what is more likely a half-assed support like how physx works on CPUs, but runs like dogshit.
The 980TI is tempting but only because it's been so painful waiting this long for AMD. They better actually announce something soon.
When the fucking fuck are non-reference cards coming to the UK?
Nah, bought an R9 290, not going to upgrade until Arctic Isles/Pascal.
a bit betterDon't tell me you believe this. It has to blow the competition out of the water. Nvidia has a good reputation, AMD has a neckbeard and poorfag reputation.
 980 costs 1k USDJUST
I'm going to use the EVGA step up program, because I bought a normal 980 in may.Anyone have experience with the step up program? Shit or good?
Totally fine. You send in your old card, pay the price difference and they send you the new one.
wanting to get cucked by NvidiaNo
No interest. I sold my 980 a couple of months ago in anticipation of the 980 Ti, but living with an old 570 since then has made me question whether I really need a real high end card. I'm not even missing the 980 much.An R9 290 for literally a third of the price of a 980 Ti seems like the way to go.
Or 2 of them, I picked them up shortly after the 900 series launch, 250€ per card minus 20% taxes for me and never looked back.
The GTX 980 Ti is 100 euros 112 US dollars more expensive than it would be if i bought it in the USSeriously i get there are shipping costs but damn us Dutch truly are Jews
I am concern. How is it that even with the top tier GPUs, most games cannot run even 60fps+?I constantly read people with 980ti "drops to 40fps" on Witcher 3. Or "solid 50fps in arkham" How is this possible? What other choice is there to achieve 60 let alone 120fps to take advantage of higher refresh rate? What are we supposed to do to get best experience if there aren't even options to buy for it? What are the devs using to produce their 60fps+ gameplay trailers? What can the consumer do?
740€ is the lowest price for the reference ! design here in germany, aftermarket models are currently priced at 900€, that's more than 1000$. Fuck that shit, no thanks.
Buy a second GPU... That has been the case for a long time now, if you want to play the latest and greatest game maxed out at a high resolution you simply need a second GPU.
Quad SLI Titans, anon.But seriously, we've been stuck on 28nm TSMC chips for 3 years and counting, and there's only so many GFLOPS/W that you can get on a given process. tfw GPU upgrade cycles slowing down to reach the pace of console generations since 28nm - 14nm will have taken 4 years, and who the fuck knows when 10nm or whatever will come out.
Because benchmarks are always performed with everything maxed out as far as it will go, resulting in a ridiculous performance penalty for hardly any visual improvement. Turn a few settings down even a little and you can usually double your framerate without even being able to tell the difference.
Will the 980ti be able to run 1440p at 144fps? If not I'm going with Fiji
Simply turning AA down usually works just fine. 8xMSAA is just ridiculous in terms of performance penalty, it's simply not worth it. I usually just inject SMAA when a game doesn't support it and turn all other forms of AA off. That seems to be the way to go. Or you can just play at a 24'' 4k monitor, AA isn't really necessary at that PPI.
A single one? Nah. 2 of them should be able to do that though.
MSAA is cancer. Turning off any and all JewWorks features is also a great idea, since they kill performance even on Nvidia cards.
At least I have 4 GB VRAM. 980Ti in Germany doesn't make sense, its almost as expensive as the Titan if you buy a good custom solution. Reference is even more shittier, 85° at stock clock, this must be a disguised AMD card or something.
Also true. SSAA is awesome if you have the extra horsepower to spare, and if you don't then SMAA is simply the best option.
Fiji it is then.
Rumors have it that Fiji is slightly slower than the reference 980ti right now, so they're tweaking core clock and drivers/BIOS a bit more. But those are simply rumors, just wait for official word to come out and proper benchmarks.
It's because your northern neighbor wants to keep you technologically backward.iF THERE WILL EVER BE A CARD CALLED gtx908 Ti BR HuEUheUE III,I would buy it in a heart beat.It's hot as shit in BR, their cooling systems would be most advanced of them allthey got a shtload of rubber, they would make bouncing GPUs that is silent and can be used as stress relief
I'm going to wait to see how the fiji card performs and how much it costs
being a smart consumerISHYGDDT
giving a fuck about energy consumption of a gaming card
For some people it's the difference between having to pay extra to upgrade their PSU or not.
To be fair, it's already a 250W card at reference clocks, so some people might run into issues with their PSU or maybe the heat. The power consumption itself might not be the issue but it can result in other issues.
Would a r9 260x be enough for 900p?
If you don't mind turning some settings down or locking at 30fps.
actually there are some freesync monitors with working overdrive. The ASUS MG279Q and the LG34UM67-P for example. Both needed a recall though.
Top kek
Doesn't the Maxwell architecture help with compression so the memory bandwidth on them isn't as crucial as on other cards? I've seen live game tests where the 4GB version of the 960 shat all over the 970 in certain games - especially GTA V - because of the VRAM meme.
Making the jump to 1440pShould I sell my 980 and get a 980ti, or keep it, grab another 980 for $400-$450 and sli?
Sell it and get a TI, but wait a few weeks. Prices should fall.
Guess you're right, just looked up some shit and apparently a overclocked 980ti out performs or performs slightly worse than 980 sli at 1440pdunno how that's possible but seems 980ti is my next card. Hopefully I'll be able to get $500~ for my 980
I was running single 980 at 1440p, its no go if you want 50+ in the demanding stuff. Sold mine a few weeks ago for 510, but trending prices are 440-460 now. A heavily oc'd 980ti will do 25-50% better than a stock 980; now we just gotta wait til the end of june for the good models
Is my CPU holding me back? Really enjoying the card so far. It seems to tear up GTA V and The Witcher. Still playing at 1080p sadly, but I think my next upgrade will be a 1440p g-sync monitor.
eeh, it's getting close to upgrade time for your cpu anonalthough, consoles are using some amd piece of shit so maybe not. wait for skylake, you'll be fine
wish I could afford a 980ti, but even if I could, I just get bored of games now. probably gonna pick up a 290/290x/970, whichever one I see for under $200 first won't see a 970 for that much for a few years2015not having your gpu idle at 60°Cin general, no, 2500k is still a beast and unless you're an unlucky fuck, it can OC to 4.6-4.7 no problemthat being said, you have a 980ti, so you probably should upgrade just to eliminate the possibility of a bottleneck
idle at 60°Cnigger clean that shit outseriously, just take off the cooling unit and dust everything out
caring about efficiency on a high-end desktop /g/ is retarded. Keep drinking nvidia's koolaid
The BenQ got a recall to fix it. Starting July retailers should all have the fixed version.
I think I have it on quiet mode, but I remember when I got it that it'd idle in the 45-50sI'll get some air from the dollar store tho I guess
I got it that it'd idle in the 45-50sjesus what?do you have your card running at full clock 24/7 or something?change your gpu power option to adaptive in nvidia control panel
biggest bullshit answere I heared in a long time.All he has to do is overclock the 2500k to 4,3-4,5ghz WHICH most 2500k can run stable and it has the same power as an acutal i5 so fuck off consumer sheep and learn how to pc
kek, why so mad?It's an old cpu. He was asking if it was bottle necking him, which it potentially is with a 980ti. Like I said in my post, consoles are using some AMD piece of shit and he'll likely be fine for awhile.Someone like him who's spending $650 on a GPU can probably afford a $300 cpu to make 100% sure he's not losing out on any frames with that i5 which he is compared to a newer cpu
are you dense? do you have even the SLIGHTEST knowledge about what you talk? Because based on what you write you don´t.But im a friendly person and I will tell you again.IF HE OC THE 2500k IT IS AS FAST OR IF HE GETS IT STABLE 4,5ghz on air which many are because sandybridge was intels last good OC cpus.MEANING IT CAN`T BOTTLENECK IN ANYWAY AN ACUTAL CPU WOULDN´T SO BUYING A NEW ONE IS RETARDEDDO YOU UNDERSTAND?
if he gets it stable @4,5ghz its slightly faster than an actual i5/edit
Holy shit you are madit's an old cpu, if I were him i'd upgradesettle down aspie
Yo what the fuck, Speccy says I have 2GB with this card, CPU-Z says 4GB, tested with Sleeping Dogs and it says 3GB, GTA V sees the full 6GB. Huh?
ya im replacing 3 OC'd 780ti with 2 OC'd 980ti.probably gigabyte windforce when its released
what game requires 980 ti SLI? even at your res that still seems overkill
tell me one legit reason, why he should upgrade when he get NO performance gain ? even with an i7-4770k the gain is only like 2-4% depending on game AND in crossfire/sli with highend cards. Sinlge thread both dont even chocke and it doesn´t matter so much that the single gpu limits the frames. SO again why should he buy a new one ? just because the i7-4770k is new but doesn´t give him a boost in fps he can feel at all ?nice logic shlomo
star citizen scrup
it's a feature!
Not many.  Mostly the witcher 3 bogging me down pretty hard right now, but it's mostly for future proofing.My job would also benefit from the upgrade, so it's worth it.Also, may upgrade to 1440 144hz x3.
it's mostly for future proofing.b-but, you already have three 780 Ti. if three 780 Tis isn't future proof'd, why would two 980 Tis? obviously you're financially sound enough to not card either way, but you have evidence that you can't really future proof, yet you're gonna try it againcan I buy your 780s for half price? ;^
then please infest into ips also why 144hz? if you are not an hardcore fps gayman, colors should be more important for you and 120hz ips high quality displays should be in favour. because while not playing fps on high level you not gonna see 24hz difference and in all other games it doesn´t matter and the colors are what improve the game feeling the most
But anon, transformers are sexy as hell.
Waiting for the 960ti
not evga
$399 gtx 980 when?
I've heard nothing good about ACX 2.0, so I'm avoiding evga this time around.
I want a 980ti kingpin to watercool. Is there any chance it'll launch in a month and not 3-4? $850? any guesses since it was already shown off
looking forward to getting the new k|ngp|n
buying a $400 980 instead of two 290x for the same pricenice shilling, shill
I already did on amazon. I just bought a 980 3 weeks ago. Return policy is a live saver
should I just get a single 290x now
honestly I'd probably get a 290 instead290x gives maybe 5% more performance but for ~$50 more, but that's just me
Dude, wait for the 390x it will be better.
it's old so upgradeHe wont notice a damn difference between a 2500k and a 4790k
implying 390x = fury seriesimplying you didn´t check your news for the past weeks
390xthey are rebraded
avoid amd at all costs
Reasoning? Is the grass really greener?Using pic related and I'm honestly sick of things like CCC. Going through the driver update process with all the adds just makes me want to cry.I'm sure Nvidia has the same shit but logical/sound reasoning would be nice other than typical memes spewed on this board. Been doing research for the past month on possible upgrades and the 980 is looking pretty nice.
What do you guys think?ElementaryOS or Deepin?
ElementaryOS
I'm deepin ur mom
ElementaryOS a shit.
Reminder that if you downloaded eOS for free, you're cheating: you
Yep. They're butthurt entitled morons; they created a skin for GNOME 3 and made some sub par replacements for core GNOME software, and think they deserve money for it. It's a joke.
both are bloated with pretty gooeysusing either
Deepin. Just make sure to change the download mirror after installing it because the chinese one is pretty slow.
I never tried ElementaryOS, but I did try Deepin. It feels weird on a multimonitor set up, but it's great on my laptop.
what anime is this pls reply
checkedIve been using deepin for a while now and I really like it.
please reply
That font could be better
using Chinese software
What's better and why?
Linux Mint
Arch is more usableGentoo has more street cred
/thread
Arch is tiny and bleeding edge. Gentoo is an ever expanding tool box and more for testing and breaking things.
Ubuntu.
That is the most accurate take on this. Also, Gentoo will always lose to arch on embedded or if the user only has light weight systems. They're both great and I've played with both, but one is focused as a tool set and the other is focused on minimalism. Ubuntu and derivatives for basic desktop and beginners. It receives a lot of shit, but Canonical actually helps give legitimacy to the community Arch for tinkerers and embedded machines Debian & Red hat for enterprise Gentoo for computer engineering and the obsessed Elementary OS for asshats
This is a very subjective subject.I like Arch more, because I'm not patient enough to compile every piece of software I use. But I like the idea behind Gentoo and I don't think it is a bad distro.There's no better one. It boils down to preference.Both aren't named Arch GNU/Linux or Gentoo GNU/Linux, which is ideological choice that I don't like very much.
Every time I tried to install gentoo I got a kernel panic, it's a meme distro, so Arch for me.
Gentoo because ease of use
Fox grapes
/thread

If you want simplicity, you have *buntu, Fedora, Debian.If you want customization and complete control over your environment and software, you've got Gentoo.Where does Arch fit in? How is it different from a stripped down minimal installation of anything in the simplicity category?
You forgot about AUR.
Linux from scratch if you a real nigga
Layman's overlays and portage in general are superior.
 option A or B?C.
It gives you almost all the advantages of Gentoo, and is a fuck of a lot easier to install and maintain. Often ends up running faster and being smaller IME
elementaryOS is for asshatsprefers unitygtfo
That's why /g/ is indeed a special board./thread
Trisquel because RMS aproves it.
They're both memes.
back to /s4s/ namefigs :^
funtoo
slackno broken dependency shit.arch is for spergelords.
DebianI enjoy packages from the last 5 years, no thanks
Arch. I haven't installed or used funtoo. But imma vote Arch anyway.
arch is for spergelordsjudging a distro not on its own merits but on the merits of a fictional userbaseNo Anon, you are the sperglords
Arch: write every config file from scratchGentoo: compile everything from scratchThe difference: in Gentoo portage does everything for you, in Arch you have to do it yourself.tldr; Gentoo is less effort and Sabayon even less
How to distinguish a Linux user whose opinions are safe to be discarded: he defends Arch Linux.
Great argument, kid.
How to distinguish a Linux user whose opinions are safe to be discarded, Part II: after being insulted he will reference your lack of 'argument'.
funtoo. It is gentoo improved and fun too.
LFS/CLFS and BLFS is just a book for compiling your "own" distro.It's just for learning.
I prefer Arch mostly because of the AUR.Also compiling everything does absolutely for me so there's really no reason to use Gentoo over Arch, for me at least.
andmuh Drobbins
gentoo is a perfectly capable distribution even for non-mission critical production systems.prove me wrong
using both I have to say Funtoo.sure, compiling everything from source is kinda stupid and updates sometimes take a long time but I still prefer it over Arch.the tools Funtoo/Gentoo provides portage, eselect, layman, dispatch-conf, genkernel, ... are really great and make maintaining the system easy as fuck. Funtoo/Gentoo devs actually take care not to cause breakage after updating stuff and try very hard to avoid making it necessary to make manual adjustments after updating.Arch devs are okay with breaking stuff very often and the system doesn't even tell you when you need to fix stuff manually inb4 go to the website, it's not hard to add notifications during updates. When I want to install stuff from AUR in a sane way I have to use an alternative package manager instead of pacman.tl;dr Funtoo/Gentoo takes CPU time when updating, Arch takes your time.
You compile programs from the AUR. What's the point in the AUR when the portage tree is just as big and not officially unsupported?
funtoobecause fuck yo
What makes Funtoo better than Gentoo? Is it easier to install?
Arch: write every config file from scratchwow someone is to dumb to find the default configs.Just use windows, man.
You can install Pacman in Gentoo, and could probably install Portage in Arch. What difference does it make?
Try Gentoo. Use clang if your machine isn't that powerful, or if you don't like the excessively big compile times. Also, clang is easier on RAM, so you can use your computer during big updates.If you don't like it, then use Arch. However, I don't think the customizability of Gentoo can be found anywhere, and it is as bleeding-edge as Arch if you use the unstable repos, which aren't that unstable... just ignore the emerge fails when they happen, and wait for the ebuild to be fixed.
Both aren't named Arch GNU/Linux or Gentoo GNU/Linux, which is ideological choice that I don't like very much.Nice meme faggot.
This. Installing things from the AUR makes me feel dirty. Layman is better in every way.
Gentoostreet credlol and I use gentoothe biggest advantage installation wise with funtoo is that the stage 3 has a pre-compiled kernel so you can get up and running quicker.
can't simply pick which hardware you have and your file systemUse genkernel then, what's so hard about it?
You'd have a point if the distro had any merits.
If you want to compile everything, go with Gentoo.  If you don't need that much customization, go with Arch.
Customization comes in degrees now?
obviouslynot now, always
See that statement is not true. Customization doesn't come in degrees, it comes in tiers. If you settle for a lower tier than what is available, that makes you a moron or a grape fox.
Again: great argument, kid.
What are you talking about? It's possible to build a much lighter system in gentoo than you can in arch. Not that this is a reason to choose one over the other, but why spread lies about things you obviously don't understand?
install funtoo, you get a prebuilt kernel
This
The portage tree is not just as big. Nowhere near it.
You're overestimating your precious AUR.
Slackware
broke on every update2015, still believes this meme myth
Arch is a distro literally made and mantained by teenagers.
Try out Gentoo to see if you like it yourself.Warning; You need to know how to read instructions.If you don't like compiling things yourself, gentoo has plenty of binary packages available. But keep in mind, that defeats the purpose of using gentoo.
thoughts on fish, the shell?it seems pretty niceworth switching from bash if you already know bash?what about recommending it to a new linux user instead of bash?
isn't it recommended that you don't replace bash with fish?
recommended by what?
fish...
where do they say that? and if so, in what cases would you use one over the other?
just fsh my shit up
I used fish for a while. Don't remember why I dropped it, maybe because I installed a different distro and forgot about it.It's a good enough shell.
It's nice. The built in commands can occasionally be a little annoying, as they can interfere with other commands. I've only had issues with ruby scripts, but I'm  sure there's  ways around it
I currently use zsh, how does fish compare?
Weird situations where everything is fucked
fish
Fish is sickAlso install oh my fishuse gnuykeaj theme
Fish is sick
The problem I find with Fish is that it isn't compatible with all bash commands. So some commands and scripts won't work as intended.I currently use ZSH with a couple of plugins which make it feel more like fish, whilst still being bash comaptible.
This dude gets it
Microsoft is now accepting suggestions on how to make windows better.  Last time we got some funny troll ones going.Let's suggest some things.Here's my serious proposal: 
lol
The hero we deserve
 I want this.I also want this. Can we get a terminal that's a shell and not one that just exposes various libraries to utilize?
Suggest it or vote for the suggestion that already exists
If there would be a vulnerability / backdoor in Bitlocker it wouldn't be in AES itself.I am not sure how adding support for other ciphers would help the cause.
, 
Should never have gotten a printer. Fucking giant waste of $170 the $70 was ink. I knew it would have been cheaper to just go to the local library and pay a dime per printed page.
All you have to do is get a laserjet. I got one from a friend for free and haven't had to buy toner or anything for a year now.
2015not having your ink cartridges refilled and save 60 off ink pricesnot getting a secondhand printercomplaining now that you can print your shit conveniently at home
You can get LaserJets for like $100 these days, you fucked up OP.
Not buying a monolaser for $70Not buying third party cartridges with 2400 page iso rated capacities for $25Should of gotten a brain
Those 'cheap' ink printers are one of the biggest scams in PC technology targeted at home users. The ink cardridges are ridiculously expensive and the printer hardware is designed to break soon after warranty expires anyways. My family and friends went through so many of those crap models and they never learn while at the same time complaining about ink prices and how fast their shit breaks so it's not like they are unaware of the problems.
This. I fucking hate those printers. Even when they have ink they tend to be slow as fucking balls and only produce reasonable quality for like 10 pages.
A bug got in my laserjet and damaged the drum. So just a heads up if you go this route and don't plan to use much, it lasts but keep as sterile as possible.
not having a laserjetnot having jetdirectstill printing with ink2015
Should never have gotten a printer.Nope. How often does anyone print anything anymore?
I print a lot.
public librarycharging for printingchrist in a basket, what shithole do you live in?aside from that, you can just use work printers to print stuff offas long as it's a reasonable amount and sfw, managers won't care
ink printersyou can get laser printers for under $100, why would you buy into that scam
Years ago, at my highschool we had a semester printing quotaOnly ever print at homeAt the end of the semester just print 200 black pagesmfw at least 10 other people did this shit on the same dayAt least we were entitled to them, thanks school resource fees!
2015not buying used printersnot using cheap chinese inkNever had a problem with this 3300 since 2010 when I got it for like €30.
Ink EVERHigher cost to page, even with cheap cartsprinting at 5PPMlmfao, kid.
10 cents bruh. You can print out a whole book just for 10 dollars
Why are printers the worst and most unreliable pieces of technology created?Why can't someone make a printer that fucking works?
I haven't owned a printer since I was in university almost ten years ago where it was a necessity. I don't get why anyone does. The handful of times I've had cause to print something outside of work it's cost me pennies at the print shop.
, 
What's the best way for someone to learn Python, /g/? People recommend LPTHW or Codeacademy, but on the other hand bash Zed Shaw and CA's copy/paste teaching style. Looking to be able to confidently start my own projects. halp

When people criticize Zed Shaw, they aren't necessarily criticizing LPTHW. Zed makes some good things. He's just a really, really huge dick towards everyone and acts like an edgy 12 year old. "That's right bitches, I use the F-word, because I'm so hardcore! FUCK! Take that society!"

programming in python 3is my favorite book for learning pythonI didn't like 'learning python the hard way'
I'm doing LPTHW right now and I find it pretty cool.All you need is to do is a lot of googling and experimenting, I really like the "more practice, less reading" method.
There is a Python for Everybody course on Coursera or EDX.This is your best shot I guess.
printusing python 3zed shaw has denounced that style of writing
Hi zed.
if i'm just learning python now, why would i learn python 2 over 3?
Interesting. I just went to Zed's website and it's completely different from the last time I visited years ago. It appears he has finally grown up. That's good to see. He's a smart guy and knows a lot of things. He was just so incredibly childish that you just cringed when reading most of his stuff. It was like reading the blog of a middle schooler who listens to Linkin Park.
According to Zed and pretty much the main argument of Python 2 supporters is that nobody uses Python 3.Everyone agrees that 3.x.x is better but there's no point if nobody uses it. Anyway, if you learn 2.x.x you can learn 3.x.x in 20 min if needed, because it's still the same damn language.
www.pythonprogramming.netresources hands downfuck LPTHW and codecademy
I'm using the "Automate the Boring Stuff" e-book, which is proving pretty good so far!
It's the complete opposite for me.His LPTHW book was awful, but his personal attitude doesn't really concern me, since it doesn't affect his books. That one was just bad because of the way it teaches you.
Hrm, I have heard good things about that book, l'll give it a shot. Anyone else finding it to be a good resource?
Hey /g/, im planning on getting some better headphones for my FiiO X1. Is the sennheiser HD558/598 worth it? Theyre both cheap af on amazon. Ive heard a lot about Sennheiser shilling and all so i just wanted to be sure.
/hpg/
My local Best Buy let me test out the HD558 headphones because it had a Magnolia center.I want to fucking get them, and then the HD598's.
I posted earlier in /hpg/ but no replies, sorry
never had a decent headphonesbut I for a long time considered exactly the two you mentioned and I did my googling and general look aroundseems they are pretty much the default in their price range for people looking for open headphones. No complains just praises.Later I realized I dont need headphones and rather invested in speakers
Difference between the 558 and 598 is so increibly subtle and one isnt really "better" than the other.except the headband. The headband on the 598 is more comftySo the real question is, is the cream/faux wood style worth an additional $50? To me, its actually worse looking than the 558... So i went with the 558. That $50 could be better spent on a proper cableand you WILL need an aftermarket cable. The stock one is way too long and terminates with a 1/4" plug. With the inlcuded adapter, the thing is literally 4" long so its awkward as fuck
558 dont have detachable cable... how did you go with an aftermarket one?
I feel it. Im in an apartment with roommates so im considering headphones over speakers rn. I love the 598 but i was just wondering if the additional price from the HD558 is really worth it.
That also settles my future problem with it.Thanks.
So then isnt it worth it to get a 598? The cable is detachable and its already better stock
detachable cable... comfier...I was willing to shell 200€ for themso I think $115 vs $150 should not play much role for an american, thats like 6 pack of smokes...
Yes it does. Its the same as the 518 and 598. It is *NOT* the same as the momentums though, so make sure you dont buy one of those insteadthey *look* the same, but the momentums actually turn the other way, and the locking groove is less shallow.
I dont know where the fuck you guys got the idea the 558 does not have a modular cable... I owned both. and both have swappable cables. To be honest, i'm not positive about the 518as i said  but the 558 and 598 def. have modular cables.
518 does also.XPT100 and HD 518 are the best budget cans 3
More proof its replaceable.
I love my 598s. Lovely, though I sometimes wish they were black.
FUK! That settles it, I will get HD558 after I get the sony MDR-7506 phones
I actually like the color of the 598...its only for home use anyways, i figured id use cheap IEMs for on the go598 is only 150 on amazon, is it worth it soundwise over the 100 dollar 558?
From what I heard in this thread, I will go with the HD558's because the major difference is cosmic, and the extra $50 saved with going with the HD558 could be used on other gear.
they have exactly the same driversonly difference is the foam placed in 558, that you can remove, which is a popular modI read that 558 that soft thing on the inner upper band can get chunks of it fall off after years of use, while 598 the soft shit is hidden under leather, or fake leather or whatever it is...objective - its not worth itsubjective - it is worth that you are not put in to position to dismantle the headphones and remove some shit from them
I hope you aren't planning to use full-sized cans while out and about with your portable player.
No im using some dirt cheap IEMs on the go. Ill be doing most of my listening in my room alone, so thats what the senn cans are going to be for
Ok then, well if you can afford the 598's then go for them. You don't want to be in a position where you regret buying the cheaper model when you couldve easily had more.
beyerdynamicsdt770 80ohmstrust me.
How would you guys describe the bass on the HD598? Is it really that diminished or is it something not to worry about? I'mgonna be listening to a lot of instrumental hip-hop
would the bass be less powerful than, for example, beats studio headphones? the headphones dont have to be bass-heavy but i'd prefer to get a little kick outta it
Bamp
It has significantly less bass than Beats, but its a punchier bass and extends lower.
If you are in the us, go to a Best By that has a Mongolia center and test them out yourself.
I have them. Over a year now. Only complaint is that there is too much bass, however, I am a person who dislikes it more than the average Joe. Easily fixable in Windows or Android
It's noctua + delightfully tacky 70's veneer style! I fucking love it but I totally get that most people think it's ugly. would not pay more than $10 extra for though
Random question here, what guarantee do you have on amazon that you wont get a fake pair of sennheisers? Some prices on there are too good to be true, IMHO
598I have them and I love  them.
Because amazon sells/ships it directly if it says "sold by amazon". If its a non amazon and a 3rd party seller then eyah it can be a fake.
I support this good question. I bought a fake product that garanteed to be real and got fucked hard in the end. Beats, Bose, Sony all have fakes online and I am pisses that Amazon and Newegg don't do shit about it.
I'm Ok with the bass but I'm not a nigger so I don't used to listen to jungle noises. They have a lot less bass that the Beats by Dr Pepper but for me that's a plus.
That seems fair. These are the 598's on Amazon for 150 and with Prime you get free 2-day ship. It says "Ships from and sold by Amazon.com" so I should just assume they're real?
I checked the "Authorized Dealers" page on Sennheiser's website, and Amazon.com is an authorized dealer. Any pair that says "Ships and sold from Amazon" should be fine.
Just be careful. Amazon has been duped into selling fake "offical" hd598s before somehow.
Why not 650 OP?
thanks for the link. i'll compare mine when I get emkinda outta my budget rn. its expensive even on amazon.
I am a victim of fake products.I don't even surf anymore...and the seller was a popular brand name.Never again
Is the sennheiser HD558worth it?yesHD598not enough better than the 558 to justify the price difference, they measure almost identically esp. when you do the 558 foam mod/thread
i figured this out actually. When you see a product on Amazon it displays the name of the product, and the manufacturer underneath. The name underneath ****is not the seller****. Most of the Sennheisers sold on Amazon now are sold and shipped from Amazon directly who is an authorized seller for Senn. i think. Just pay attention who you are buying it from, it should say. But you can get any product to have "by Sennheiser" under the name, its just there for categorization purposes
558 are amazing when running through a real digital ampEven a entry level sony surround/stereo amp makes them sound great.Do not run headphones unamped ever as they sound like shitThe 558's have decent hi's and mids but need a bit of a bass boost but seem to handle enough to literally make them viabrate, i have a 6 year old set still works great
Here, have this.
What about a FiiO X1 or something similar that has an internal amp?
should i get an E11K and a stacking kit for FiiO x1?
, 
/g/ wiki told me to ask, so any suggestions for my build?
Why would you pay $6 for thermal compound when the cpu cooler you bought comes with it
While we're at it, suggest me a gpu
Fuck the extra thermal paste. Fuck the wireless adapter, you're not gonna be gaymen on wireless are you? 290x tri-x
But isn't stock worse?
For a few months, I won't be able to use an Ethernet connection, so I'm stuck with wireless.
dont wait for muh 390 non x 8 gee beez?
 is there any chance the 390 will outperform 290x tri-x if i OC the tri-x?
the 390 will perform the same as the 290x except that the 390 will have 8GB of vram
This is a lie.
Won't the 8gb actually matter for higher res/VR applications though? It's rumored that the 390 is the same price as a 290x, whereas the 390x is more in the $400 range.
390x is going to be like $600-$800.We haven't heard anything of 390 yet.
If your dropping i7 money, buy a bigger SSD. I gotta manage my 256GB SSD pretty closely, wish i paid for thr 512GB
390x != fury...
or get another 256 down the road
Are you going to render, edit, etc? Because i7 is overkill for muh games.
I might do this, but I haven't fully decided yet.
Moar ram
 This, if you're going to render. 
IMO these.I have a 120gb SSD and it is honestly a squeeze with all modern games being 10gb+ or in some cases like 30gb+. It's not the end of the world yet, but honestly going forward another couple years games are probably going to keep getting bigger especially with 4k screens becoming more common people will be demanding higher resolution textures, etc which will take up shitloads of space.Also, I have 8GB of ram purchased in 2010, and I would get at least 16gb if I were doing a performance build now, for similar reasons to the HDD issue.
Here's my build.I wanted to know about any side effects from cheaping out on the case.I also wanted to know how to store the parts since it may take a little while before I can purchase all the parts.
This build looks ridiculously similar to the other one with the r9 280x and the other r9 290 build. And the same mistakes as well.buying windowsbuying a seagate HDD and not Hitachi/Toshibaan extra case fan
I like technologyI like buying thingsShow me some cool technology so I can buy it
Dragon dildos are technology. Go ahead.
no they aren't.
Get one of those clocks that use red hot wires to display the time. I forget what they're called
yes they fucking are
nixie tube clocks?prove it.
USB fridge.
The light actually comes from glow discharge, like neon lights, not heat.

VR
already have it actually, and I'll buy the Vive when it comes out.
money is just fake anywaysdebt is fake toothis is why i spend all my money on shit i dont need
poorfag pls go
meh.. 3DNA looks better.
but money is worthless anon, im advocating whats in your pic
Best phone under $400 unlocked. Go.
/g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.
Sony Xperia Z2Sony Xperia M4 AquaSony Xperia Z UltraAsus Zenphone 2LG G3
implying that has had any meaning There's a stupid questions thread, but we still get stupid threads. Don't be silly, Anon.
iPhone® 6+
I'm adding the Nexus 5 to the list.
OPO. You can close this thread now.
Nexus 5Oneplus One
First gen moto g
Who is this spunk hunk?
is 1gb of ram enough for WP?
Nice b8
Log Horizon
LG G3. Ignore the OPO and N5, underpowered phones with no longevity support.
buying any phone mady by sony.Its like you want to be scamed
Yes
Does /g/ play any instruments? Surely they're considered technology.Pic related is the Bb clarinet I've had for a decade. Thinking about upgrading soon.Tried self-teaching the guitar but it never worked out.
Flute.I tried teaching myself guitar too and failed. I can also pretend to play the keyboardI've been interested in chiptunes lately and I'm writing a Yamaha OPNA emulator
Trumpet; been playing for 8 years. I've got a xeno right now. Yamaha master race, Strad a shit
Trombone, trumpet and bass guitar. I failed at self teaching guitar too, i guess i just don't like playing chords.On a related note, how do you guys record electric instruments? Is connecting it directly to your pc via the mic jack a bad idea considering quality?
I have a Minibrute synthesizer, full analog signal path. My favorite piece of kit in the entire studio. Recently gotten proficient enough to use it in the dark. Whats extra cool is that it doubles as a MIDI controller, so while I'm patching, I can simultaneously play it with some software synths/sound effects/drums for anything I cant hit monophonically.Getting some digital texture layered on top of the analog warmth sounds fucking heavenly, and then I can bus the whole shebang thru a few instances of distortion and compression when I feel like mangling the signal for filth/sound effects.It doesnt have any crazy hybrid features and doesnt have a patch bank just one living patch, very oldschool, but theres nothing like having some hardware to tool around on when you want some inspiration. Plus, the VCO got some big ol testicles.
Had a few guitars, all acoustic.
I wish I could actually sing, though, but I don't have a grill voice.
Do you guys play in any kind of band? I just started playing euphonium and i was wondering what my options are.
Does high school and a little college count? Otherwise, no.
Not currently, used to play in the highschool/Jr high band and some music club.
Played guitar since I was 13. I'm 34 now. Also pretty handy on bass, keyboards and drums. Can't sing to save my life though. I've been in a few bands, never as the singer.
what made you start playing euphonium anon
A marching band, 2 concert bands one as a tutor and a symphony. Occasionally i'm asked to play in some band, but i don't want to spend more time playing.I'm 
Hibikei Euphorium obviously
I wanted to play bass, but i was told it would be easier to begin on euph just to get started. I don't know if i'll ever switch though, i kinda like not having to carry a bass around.
I started playing before that started airing; i do watch it however
Piano here. Saving money for a Grand Piano right now.
Is it good?Just finished shigatsu wa kimi no uso.
im taking up harmonica lessons in the fall
I play one of these.Primarily use it to scratch shit the fuck up.It's highly-enjoyable.
Weeb guitarist.
Nice, piano master race here too.
I was kind of amazed how correct it shows the concert band and instruments. As a band veteran myself i like seeing thing i recognise.
Cello, not a very /g/ instrument but I picked it in 4th grade to avoid becoming a bandfag.
It's better than Kimi no Kuso
What's with piano players being so elitist?
Jesus Christ, I'd give my left fucking nut for a cello. Were your parents rich or something? An ENTRY-GRADE cello costs motherfucking $2.500...
Middle school through college I've been playing in my school's band. Google search for a community band for your area, you can usually find a group that plays recreationally
They try to cover up that they play the most mainstream instrument, guitarists are the often the same.
Drummers are still the worst.
thats sexy
Yes. Piano, Bass and Synthesizers Pic relatedI also fiddle with software implementations of modular synthesizers and running looped acoustic samples through effects modules until they sound alien.I was considering getting one around when I was looking at the MS20. Looked and played really nice, how does it fare with generating more mellow timbres?
An ENTRY-GRADE cello costs motherfucking $2.500...Are you sure? Bassoons might cost that, but a used full-sized no-brand student Cello can be found for £150 here. I mean I'm not that guy, and I don't play Cello, but the shop near me has them boxed and new for £250. I just have a number of melodicas now. And a broken concertina. Although there is a casio privia boxed somewhere in the loft that I need to sell at some point. I'd probably use the money to buy a Suzuki B-24.
Why buy a grand piano when you could just purchase a VPC1 with Pianoteq, ravenscroft 275 and CFX concert grand? Rig that up to a passively cooled PC, a decent audio interface and a pair of Adam F5s. You'll have something that plays and sounds better than mid-range baby grands at the price of a crappy upright.
Th-Thank you. It sounds cute, too.
That's about what I paid for the cello that got me through participating in some youth groups and college.
I should add that I didn't pay, my parents did. I don't know much about what our family financial situation was like but my dad was a public school teacher. Our family never had to really cut back, or we didn't feel it as kids.
I'm a bassist.Saving up for a 5 string MusicMan Stingray but that's going to be a few months from now due to a costly move.Can't wait to ditch my Yamaha trasher.
I've been trying to learn the Violin but I can't seem to tune it right. The Tuner that came with it says it is right but it just doesn't sound right. What do I do?
Am i cool yet?
On a related note, how do you guys record electric instruments? Is connecting it directly to your pc via the mic jack a bad idea considering quality?If you have to ask THIS you're a long way from recording anything half decent.Professional sound technicians mic the sound straight out of the amplifiers.However if you're just prototyping or recording just to hear yourself play you can just get an external USB interface and plug into that. You can get a DAW and a bunch of VST plugins and use that as a tuner and add a few effects too.If you're writing EDM you probably just want a MIDI keyboard.
CelloI found a $8000 cello, brand new, in a pawn shop for $450 when I was a teenager. Blew most of my savings on it and apparently that convinced my parents I was serious about wanting to learn, so they split the cost of cello lessons with a pretty good teacher with me. Probably the best series of expenditures I've made in my life.
What do you mean "it doesn't sound right?" When you play a G on an online keyboard or something, is it the same pitch as the string?
Make sure the tuner is set to A = 440hz
Ahw. I'm really jealous. I think I'll be about 30 before I can get a proper student cello. Which is a shame, really. Being a poor student sucks.But at least I tune my  and bass in fifths CGDAEG for guitar and CGDA for bass, so I am familiar with the tuning.
Does the cello get you pussy?
go to bed aneisf
Played trumpet in the school band. Actually the coronet but this way I didn't have to explain it.hey what instrument do you play?the coronetclarinet?no, it's like a trumpetTrying to learn the guitar, it's not going great.Try using a tuning app for your phone and get a second opinion.Maybe if you turn off the silly DoF filter.
Bass guitar, just started out though. Pic very much related + a tiny 10W Warwick amp.
It depends what you mean by "electric instruments". If it's a modern digital hardware synthesizer SH201 or newer then your best bet is recording the USB PCM Bitstream and resampling if necessary. If that is not an option or you are using hardware processing modules/pedals use the line outputs and plug them into an audio interface, applying gain if necessary. If you are using an amp then depending upon preference and/or context either mic up the amp close by, low gain it'll clip, even if it's low it's going to clip or perhaps use the amplifiers headphone output. If you want a very clean/sweet guitar sound using mic preamps is an option, they can sound very nice.Using your mic jack is not an option as you will be using a bad ADC with a signal that is most likely subjected to masses of interference  prior to conversion.
Here's my rig. Guitar is a Fender Telecaster Thinline, amp is a Peavey Bandit 112 and the pedal is an EHX Big Muff Pi nano.
Link me to one?I'll try thisIdk if it has that setting
Good choice man. I started out with a RBX175 too. Great instrument for the price. Make sure you take good care of it because that neck is a bitch to straighten up and if it gets too twisted there's basically no turning back.
It's the newer series, TRBX 174EW. But I'll definitely keep that in mind, thanks for the warning. It should neither be concave nor convex, right? It should be as straight as possible?
Who here /harmonica/?

What's with that filter? Can't tell if I'm looking into a dollhouse.
From most to least proficient: piano, french horn, banjo, drumset, trumpet,  bass guitar, trombone, guitarI studied piano and horn in college so I consider myself fairly learned on piano at least, music theory is my real passion, and having learned a bit of theory makes learning every new instrument so much easier than the last. Lately i'm going through the digital music breakthrough phase, just now learning how to use daws and playing through vst's. cant tell you how glad i am that i'm going into this already knowing how to work a piano keyboard properly.
Pretty much. You want to look at both edges of the neck and see if they curve. Truss rod can be adjusted with an alan key in that bit groove between the freboard and the pickups.You definitely want to give it a good run down and see if any of the frets buzz. Ideally you want the action to be as low as possible without getting any fret buzz. There's probably half a hundred videos on Youtube about it and it's a one hour job per year.
I knew a celloist who was drowning in it.
imho euph. is the best sounding solo brass instrument, and i'm a french horn player. You can play in brass combos or give up and play trombone like the rest of your kind up to ten or more notes at a time really gets to your head, anything else just seems like childsplay in direct comparison. I actually run both setups, a vpc1+ravenscroft 275 and a ~10 year old Hailun 5ft grand, and honestly the acoustic piano gets so much more play just because it IS real, the keyboard doesn't just emulate the real thing, and the speakers don't have to try to either. Also the "ready to go all the time" aspect is better too, ravenscroft at least requires a bit of preperation or a dedicated computer solely for piano playingIf your heart wants a grand piano no keyboard+vst will ever fill that desire
I don't have any real experience with it but it seems totally "fine" to me when I look at it here. I guess they simply come well adjusted out of the factory, and this one is brand new. I'll keep an eye on it and try to keep it in good shape over the next year, if it really is just a one-hour job every year or 6 months then that's not an issue. By the way, I've used these tutorials: I've seen amazing progress during my first week, I can already play a few simple pieces, do the exercises and play scales at a reasonable speed without too much buzz. Any other tips on developing speed or precision? Or does it simply come down to practice and time? I currently practice 1 to 2 hours every day and I plan on keeping that up as best as I can.
i played trombone from late 5th grade to end of 9th grade as first seat
I hear pic related is a decent interface for the price, any thoughts?
 Any other tips on developing speed or precision?There's no shortcut. Use a metronome. Play slow. Scale up but only when you're perfect. Watch your volume especially on the E string. Also, timing is just as important as speed and tone. You're probably much worse at it than you think. Record yourself playing over a track and you'll see.
Pretty good, but definitely not the intent behind the design. It's more of a driven lead/SFX/sounds of the sixties oriented rig, if that makes sense. I would look elsewhere for dreamy pads and creamy bass/leads stick with that moog lol but for well-loved waveforms turbocharged at a whim with plenty of warmth and grit, youre in luck.If you keep the volume sliders per waveform at around 25-30% they sound pretty sharp still, but definitely less intense. It's my understanding that at 50 and above the waveforms are driven. If you plan to integrate with a DAW you'll have tons of ways to tame the abundance of tone better to subtract what you dont need than not have everything you do need imo.On that note, it plays EXTREMELY well with Abletons native effects, all the nearly-inaudible pops and drifts and fuzz get exaggerated into taking on a whole new identity. Gets sick results in Reason too, so safe to assume it balls hard on everything from VSTs to stompboxes to resampling.The filter can seem really squelchy at first at moderate reso and feedback at least but once you get used to it, its got tons of character and sounds great when modulated. It can sound a little thin compared to a 24db filter, by itself, but I can have an infinite number of software filters in the signal path so fattening it up is far from an issue.This may sound like a pleb assessment, but I was sold on how masty this thing can get. PWM + Square sub osc throws your cones clear across the room, and youd be surprised how far the fuck out the sounds can get. In softsynths Ive found that putting super high frequency modulations on pitch, filter, etc just make it sound broken and clippy, but in the brute those kinds of modulations get weird, spaceship-like distortions as the voltage-controlled elements bleed through themselves to keep up.Tldr gritty not pretty
I play guitar, bass, drums, piano. My main instrument is bass. I'm a session player and engineer/producer.Peavey Bandit 112the black transtube bandits are one of my fav amps ever.
I used to be pretty good at guitarI haven't touched it in nearly 2 years because this fucking Floyd rose pisses me off

/vp/ says hi
I play the guitar a bit, fuck around for fun mostly nothing too serious.I've got an Epiphone special 2, and a Fender Mustang I amp. The cool thing about the fender amps is it can digitally reproduce things like pedals and all that, for $120
Its always annoying having to change strings on a floyde rose.Havent used my RG ibanez because of that and have basically stuck to my les paul for the last few months.
My main instrument is the bass, I have a 1975 Fender Precision bass with all stock hardware. Same color scheme as pic related.I also do circuit bending and electronic music, mainly LSDj for chiptune, Roland TR-808 drum machine, and an Akai MPK49 controller.I play bass in a surf rock band, compose beats and play bass in a industrial noise band, and me and my friend are in a chiptune project.
changing the strings isn't even that badsomething is wrong with mine, even when I tighten everything as much as it'll go the strings always slip out. You can see in the pic the b string is out, I just got pissed and left it like that whenever the last time I played it was.
Is it MiA or MiM
MIA
I play Guitar mostly super-noodly Acoustic guitar, and getting better by the day which I find surprsising honestlyI am still nowhere near as good as my idols for example damien verret from TSOSISAnyway, I bought a mic today, so I can start recording soon.Apart from that I am making a lot of digital music.A considerable amount of it is Retro-Future stuff like Kavinsky or Pertubator, but I'm also dig arranging some ambient.My favorite VSTs are prbably rob papens Predator, and Valhalla Reverbs.I will also invest some money in a Trumpet soon.I have been longing to play it for quite a while.
weird. I've dealt with a ton of floyds and I've never seen one do that. maybe take it to a shop for a set up, see if they can figure out what's up with the bridge.
did that, strings still slip outit's nothing I'm doing wrong either, I've even tried putting the string under the block before tightening it and they still slip
I play guitar and bass guitar. Now im self teaching myself piano
R u a gril
started out with an old busted cornetparents buy me an olds ambassador when they realize i'm not losing interestreplace it with a king 602not the same at allstill miss my oldswant to buy another oneWhat was her name, /g/?
I've played guitar for 13 years and just started playing violin.
been playing the mayonnaise since middle school
/reddit/
I really like how Amerifat foods need words like "REAL" on it. Like... is your food usually made of pasteurized corn or something?
Nah, I think they just don't want to be confused with miracle whip.
not a buffetGtfo
I'm a poorfag. But some day...In the meantime I've been checkinc out the Lyrique.
I wishEntire section of grils and only one was ever interested in me.
I play classical guitar. Been trying out piano for a couple of months, but I'm still feeling a bit overwhelmed at the range coming from guitar. My fingers still get tied up trying to do chords on piano
8 string guitar here
mah cube nigga
I play the famitracker
It's a 50 watt vox amp
ahlooked like a cube from the little I could see
I've played bass guitar for 18 years, and a little piano too.  Mostly jazz.  I record with a Focusrite audio interface and Ardour on Linux.
I play the alto and tenor sax, jazz and concert. Recently picked up the guitar and am awaiting a few pedals in the mail.
I play the ocarina. I don't have money to buy another one, so I just play the 12 hole Alto C I got for Xmas a few years back. I wish I could play something else but they are fun to play.
Self-taught.
.22 AR with fake silencer
it's 9mm and it's not fake you idiot
Yeah, I should've guessed that when I saw the other $1600 you have invested into tax stamps.
And of course I meant $800 you edgelord /k/ommando
Friend of mine has the same blood red unibody Schecter except in 7 strings. Plays like a charm.
Stop buying cans, the ATF has enough money already.
yfw he has three redundant ones
/mu/ thread on /g/ derails into /k/
Guitar is pretty easy to learn. All you have to know is the basic scale that makes up the chords and there ya go. Though I'm talking about basic guitar playing nothing really professional.
This is my shitty stagg I'm borrowing from my friend until I get an actual electric. Been playing seriously for about a year now; I do a lot of blues and sort of general rock stuff. It's a good time.I have a Blues Bender in C which I'm slowly learning how to play. It's pretty neat.
This is my Taylor which I got for very little for its quality; it's actually really nice, and I only have to tune it like once every six months or so. Seriously. It's that good.
Though I'm talking about basic guitar playing nothing really professionalobviously
fucking forgot link
I only have to tune it like once every six months or so?????It doesn't matter the quality, especially with acoustic, you need to tune pretty much every time you play, if you're a professional. Everyone else, once a week. Pitch is greatly effected by temperatures and humidity.
 hereas much as I hated it I will say one thing for floyds, tune it once a month and you're good to go
I meant to get approximately correct tuning. Like, if I left it for two months or so in a normal room, I could pick it up again and start playing it and it would be fine.
I suppose, if it works for you...
confirmed for never using a floyd rose
confirmed for being musically dumb
Eh. I'm not too worried about it. If I were to perform or something then sure, I'd obviously tune it before that, but for just casual playing I don't bother usually.
I've been messing around with an electric guitar since Christmas. I need to find some lessons.
what's the difference between a drummer and a drum machine?you only have to punch the beat into the drum machine one time
not using European mayo
1972 Yamaha U1 upright pianoIbanez RGT42 worst purchase of my life, the tremolo is a fucking nightmareYamaha C40 classic guitarI can't actually play any of them and I regret immensely not having the drive as a kid to ever practice seriously. By now I'd have been a dragon.
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:class="quote"Here's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:class="quote"To foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:class="prettyprint"Challenge:Reimplement a stack in your dialect of choice.
Kill me
Reimplement a stack in your dialect of choice.This felt a bit easy, so I wrote a mutable stack without cons:define create-stack  let node lambda x y lambda f f x y        value lambda x y x        next lambda x y y        top 'empty    letrec self lambda msg . arg                     case msg                       pop!                        if self 'empty?                            error "pop! called on empty stack"                            let x top value                              set! top top next                              x                        push! set! top node car arg top                        empty? eq? top 'empty      selfdefine stack-empty? s s 'empty?define stack-pop! s s 'pop!define stack-push! s x s 'push! xlet s create-stack  stack-push! s 1  stack-push! s 2  stack-push! s 3  print stack-pop! s  print stack-pop! s  print stack-pop! sAn immutable one would be even easier and less interesting.
To people who like Emacs: try Squeak sometime. It's an extremely well integrated and solidly built environment that provides a unique and high-level programming experience. It's less useful for useful programs I don't think it'll be replacing Emacs any time soon but it provides some features that I've never seen before. The method browser pic related is fucking awesome-- provide example input and output and it'll give you the method that does that.If you don't like IDEs because they're too complex or if you don't like OOP then maybe skip it though
I'm curious.  What does it return if you give an example input of 'hello' and a random string longer than 'hello' for the example output?
Something like "No single method does that." It requires every argument to be provided.I think it has limitations too? I can't imagine this working with methods that perform major side effects or even pre written methods; only logic programming languages are capable of computing input from output like that.
So my HP Pavillion laptop just ate shit. It's been running hot for ages and it finally kicked the bucket, won't turn on at all now.Unfortunately I need to get a new laptop. One of the biggest criteria for me is that I can easily access the fan to clean dust out if I need to. That was the problem with this laptop was that dust got caught in the fan and I couldn't get it out. Can anyone recommend a laptop which can be easily opened up and cleaned? I would just get a desktop computer for that reason but unfortunately I kinda need the portability of a laptop. Any advice is appreciated!
I couldn't get it out.What? How? How retarded can you be to not being able to dissasemble a laptop, there is repair manuals everywhere, its a 10 minutes job.
Yeah to tell you the truth I started doing it a month ago or something, gave up because it basically involved disassembling the whole computer. I was planning on giving it another crack but my computer died before I got around to it again.
gave up because it basically involved disassembling the whole computer.So whats the problem, its not hard to dissasemble the entire computer, holy shit.And no, most modern laptops still require you to remove the palmrest and motherboard to access the heatsink.
Ok, so do you know if there are any laptop brands which allow you to access the fan by just removing a panel at the back or something? Rather than having to lift out the keyboard and all the components for both sides?
There have to be some that are easier than others. Pretty sure HP laptops are fairly difficult to service compared to other brands. That's all I'm asking. Or you could call me a retard again if you want too.
Why not just get a laptop cooling fan? I had a laptop someone gave me, screws were stripped and the fan was dead. I used a cooler pad and it worked fine.
From disassembling laptops all the time, HP is pretty easy to take apart. Probably made that way because they're literal garbage that's expected to break.Dell can be much worse with hard drives that are under the motherboard after a full disassembly and 3-4 boards that have to fucking slot and screw into each other.
Stop using your laptop on the bed.
i dont know about all the models, but i know a lot of sager clevo laptops are remarkably serviceable.check one of them in this video: gf got a different model, and the 13" version of the one she had was basically the same. just pop off the back and you have access to everything youd want to modify.
, 
Haaaaaalp, I think I screwed up, I was trying to install windows 7 and I deleted partition C so I could install it there but apparently I need to delete all the partitions including D The thingy is that I cant delete D because I have very important files there, is there a way I could save the files on disk D somewhere?
Boot Linux live USB.Copy required files of D: drive.Install Linux to hard drive.Problem solved.You'll thank me later.
I wast just looking for a solution like this, thanks anon, you are way too based
HOLY CRAP ITS WORKING, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH RIGHT NOW ANON
Rate this build, tell me what I should fix
needs an SSD
Needs an SSHD.
buying a 980 now
Should I wait for AMD 3 series then?I play Second Life and historically it runs like utter trash on AMD. For a while, fitted meshes were completely broken until they finally put out a new driver.
It's a bit pointless to get a processor you can't overclock, get a motherboard meant for overclocking, and get aCPU cooler. But if I were you I would wait to buy the 980 until the 980ti comes out, because the 980 will drop in price.
If you're in the US, micro center probably has the Cpu cheaper
ThisEither get a K CPU or a H board.
wait til AMD drops the 3XX and nvidia prices will drop, you will be able to get a 980 close to $400 easily.
0/10 get an SSD. Its 2015.
lol bullshit, how long after release?
Did you really seriously buy this piece of shit? Are you that retarded to be easily persuaded by shitty features?
Yes, I'm so retarded I'm easily persuaded by shitty features as opposed to no features.Fuck off
Samsung and the Galaxy series are the only barrier between Apple faggotry and the rest of the smartphone industry.If Samsung wants to use Android to appeal to normies then let them. At least it is still contributing to the proliferation of Android as opposed to iOS.
Android is not the problem, Samsung is the problem; it's shit tier. Lags and freezes all the time with only slightly improved specs from the s5 and they try to keep the attention on the new features as if it will cover for the shit specs. "OH WOW LIGHTS AND MORE MEGAPIXEL CAMERA DURR DURR"
The S6 is smooth as fuck, what are you talking about?  TouchWiz isn't nearly as bad as it used to be.
truly believing touchjizz meme
What's the best smartphone
What if i could upgrade to this for just the price of activation? Worth it to upgrade to from the s5
That's literally all normies care about
Here's the collected wisdom of /g/ from 100s of other threads we've had on Samsung Galaxy  S6.Save it, spread it, post it to S6 threads!Smeary glass not aluminum backFlat back, terrible ergonomicsKnockoff factor: everyone knows it's just an iPhone 6 ripofftouchjizz... looks like iOS, not AndroidEdge gimmick increases cost for no useful functional advantage2K screen results in crap game fps compared to othersamloled screen has severe burn in issues, yellows after a year, and causes motion blur way more than LCD2K screen saps batteryBattery life isn't good enoughBattery is non removableFast-charge battery means it will die quicker.... and when your battery dies within a year from all that fast charging, you can't replace it and need to get a new phoneNo microSD card slot... while more storage costs an extra fortuneIt will shatter when dropped. class="quote"over $200 in damage from a single drop!bends & breaks more easily than even iPhone 6+ class="quote"Expensive and looks like iPhone 6 yet it can't even send blue text!Samsung has horrible customer service: class="quote"... and they will flat-out refuse service if you root the phone*gasp*Front camera not good enough in low lightBack camera protrudes by a lot & more prone to scratches due to protrusion and no sapphirePhysical home button wears down after a yearWeaker GPS signal than competitionNo double tap to wakeYou can't ok google from anywhereEdge screen distorts images and suffers from color shiftingEdge uncomfortable as a result of sharp cornersWildly inaccurate colorsBezels larger than previous phones and competitionHard to rootWhile touchjizz makes rooting and a custom rom a mustToo big to comfortably type one handedMany people are reporting scratched screens and dead pixelsUSB downgraded from 3 to 2Branded by Samsung on the front and back making the design tacky
the lack of a microsd card slot and changeable battery is unappealing
I wish phone makers would stop with this 2560x1440 shit.
At least until we get better fucking batteries
Edge is stupid, yes.Normal s6 is amazing. /g/ will always talk shit no matter what. I've had hardly any lag, battery life and charge time is great, and I never have to reboot.Reliable root will come, it's  just a matter of time. No reason not to get this phone.
features
Samsung gets more and more locked down each iteration. I'm still on my S3 and I've had hard times rooting other people's S4s and S5s only to find out that you can't put a custom ROM on them we're all Americans on AT&T. I don't want to continue down the Samsung path. I'm getting an iPhone on my carrier's upgrade plan, might sell it and get an OPO or something, might not.
OPOliterally the shittest of all phones right now. horrible battery, horrible standby, horrible build quality.
Android is shit.
I like mine, using nova gets rid of all the bad touchwiz parts. Are there custom roms for it yet?
You spelled jPhone wrong.
hurr muh stock android durrr
iPhone 6 128GB
He said best, not worst.
what is it with APPLE?Their beats pill xl is a fire hazard
Lumia 930
iPhone6 is impossible to beat right now. maybe wait for iphone6S if you can hold off till September.
Funny thing is that not only is the samsung quicker it processed that at a higher resolution than the iphone.assuming that was the note 3 and the iphone 6 NOT PLUS
iphone 6 was beaten long time ago m8
iShit was trash before it ever hit the streets.
Iphone was beaten by the SamsungGalaxys5. but mah steve jobs
kek'd. by what exactly.SamsungGalaxys5literally the plastic garbage band-aid looking shit with a finger scanner that doesn't work and a screen so yellow, only a chink would like it.kek'd... thanks for laughs.says a guy who uses a botnet and is giving away his privacy to an Evil Corp so they can mine it and target you. what a retard.
says a guy who uses a $90 phone marked up to $900 and is giving away his tax dollars to pay for hospitals, roads, schools so an Evil Corp so they worship doesn't have to. what a retard.
lol my $300 dollarydoo htc desire 816 craps over this and its OLD has better speakers and screen due to 720p master race
People are going to be sore when their $700 phone doesn't have shit for battery life in 8 months.The LG G3 is the best value in Android land right now as far as "typical phones" go.
The iPhone 6 Plus.  For me.  The iPhone 6.  For most.  Or the LG G3 if you're into Android.  The G4 cost $200 more than the G3 but with minimal improvement.
It's almost like you've never used one. I have excellent battery life and the build quality is nice even though it's been dropped a tad.I don't have a problem with it at all.
iPhone6literally the aluminium sheet foil looking shit that bends even if you just touch it, only retards would like it cuz it's shinykek'd... thanks for laughs.
caring about the finger scannerfucking white people
S6 Active fucking when
Nah I got the note edge. Ended up swapping a Note 4 for it, actually works pretty well for work.
has never used touchjizz
What laptop runs OpenBSD the best? Thinkpad X60? X200? X201? Something else? Has anyone gotten coreboot/libreboot working on either of these with openbsd?
I’ve got no OpenBSD expertise, but if you care about Libreboot, you want an X60 or an X200.  Not an X200 tablet, not an X200s, not an X201 – a plain old vanilla X200.  After the X200, Lenovo switched to wacky WSON packages for the BIOS ROMs, and reflashing them requires an SMT reflow workstation.In theory, it should be possible to boot OpenBSD off Libreboot – Libreboot gives you a GRUB payload, and GRUB is supposed to be able to load OpenBSD.  That said, I’ve seen a guy struggle with it for a few hours and am unconvinced it will actually work out of the box these days.  That said, if you wanted it to work out of the box, you probably wouldn’t be running BSD. :
Thanks. Which of the two do you think has the best compatibility with openbsd?
I run openBSD on an x200. No issues with it, except the wireless card has pretty poor range, but that might be a hardware issue I haven't run anything else on this laptop.OpenBSD works fine out of the box on the x200. never tried coreboot though.
I bought a dual channel board. I did not buy any RAM, instead I received two different single sticks as gifts with other parts. I didn't really look into the intricacies of memory at the time but now that I am, I'm questioning whether I can use them both together or even one at a time.They are both DDR3 1866They are both 1.5VThey are both CAS 10One has timings of 10-11-10-? and the other has timings of 10-11-11-28 according to the specifications.Gigabyte GA-Z97X-UD3H-BK FURY 8GB 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1866 XLR8 8GB 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1866 it a bad idea to use these together? Should I just spend even more money and buy a kit? I was hoping for 16GB, so would I buy a quad channel kit of 4GBs, 2 2x4GB dual channel kits of the same type? a single dual channel kit of 2x8GB and leave two slots on my mobo empty? Or am I being jewwed and these two will work fine because they are similar enough?Apparently even buying the same brand, type, voltage, timing etc if not in a kit can cause instability because of secondary and tertiary timings and such? I expected RAM to be the simplest part of this whole thing and I guess I was wrong.What is the best RAM for the price/what do you use?
100% you wont notice the difference.don't trip about it
stick in ramfire it upsee if they worknot THAT hard, they're not going to suddenly break down because they weren't compatible with the other stick
I guess I forgot to add that if I'm going to end up spending another $100 on RAM, I want to be able to sell the two sticks I got free, so I don't want to open them yet.
mixing ram isn't something you can predict, so if you're going to sell them for the safety of having it work for sure, RAM performance honestly doesn't make a difference for a vast majority of computer activities. If you need fast ram, you'll know you do. Else it's just placebo
Would putting a single 8gb stick in a dual channel board be a problem?Would that perform better than 16gb of mixed RAM if that extra memory is superfluous?
nomore sticks in more channels gives you more bandwidth
This.
Is it just me or is internet explorer really lightweight? I tried to stream 1080p video tried both html 5 and flash through chrome on my new XPS13 and it was using like 100% cpu. I swapped to firefox and the same thing. Use internet explorer and it uses about 5-20% I was considering testing meme moon and seeing how that goes but i suspect it will perform as firefox did. whats the deal here?
hardware acceleration maybe?
Chrome uses a shit ton of ram more than any other browser cpu isnt that much more though but there is a ton of plugins and app shit that can waste cpu power
i dont use too many addons though just ad blocking and such
It sometimes take a little more time than Firefox or Chrome to start, but when it's on it's a really good browser.
if it uses silver light then it'll run best on ie. Why I usually stream amazon and netflix with ie...
I need a macro program for Linux that will left me bind a combination of keyboard and mouse presses/clicks to a single key or button. A GUI would be preferred, but not absolutely necessarily.I there's a shit-ton of pics I want to save think 100s, possibly 1000s, but they all have different URLs, different hosts, etc.. The fastest way of saving them is to open each image into a new tab - Shift+Tab through the tabs- right-click - Save Image As - Save - repeat.A macro program would greatly simplify this process, and save my fingers some agony.
What kind of images are you saving,?
What kind do you think?Also, some high res 3000x3000 car pics, historical pics, the kind of stuff you'd see in /hr/, but not actually from /hr/.
run a webcrawler of some type to save all images
I used to use this to bot for runescapemaybe it will serve you well
This is impractical due to the number of different ways the images in question are hosted. Some are on sites like imagebam and imagevenue easy to rip, while other are hosted by oddball sites and directly on forums. A crawl/auto-ripper is impractical for what I'm trying to do. It was the first thing I looked into.That isn't for Linux.
Why not just post the URLs here or on pastebin and I'll write a script to download them for you? Literally anyone could, it's stupidly fucking simple.
heres the supposed linxu equivalentlooks sketchy tho, test it for malware
Called the CIA, FBI, FDA, and AAA. Pedo scum like you should burn in hell
Do they wanna see my Scarlett Johansson collection? Vintage nudes? Ferraris? I'm glade you called the AAA, my car's battery was dead the other day. :In all seriousness though, how is there no program like Logitech's "Logitech Gaming Software" for Linux? All I need is simple key press/depress and mouse click macros.
wget m8....
wget doesn't save me any time in this situation.Imagine a forum post with maybe 2-3 dozen individual image thumbnails. Clicking on these thumbnails takes you to a page with a couple of ads and the image, *not* the image itself. In order to use wget I'd have to have the image's URL, which would be another step.Also worth noting there's nothing sequential about any part of the URLs. So i can't fake it with {1..x} in wget.
Ahk on windows or something like sxhkd+something like xdotool on linux. Or stop being retarded and use pentadactyl.
Mid 2010 Macbook Pro 15, I power it on and it goes to a blank screen that says "please insert boot disk and press any key to continue. I put in an old copy of mountain lion and then went into recovery boot, to try to format the hard drive and then reinstall. I go through the whole upgrade thing through them, and then the computer just sits at a white screen with an apple logo indefinitely. Is my hard drive fucked or am I doing something wrong?This computer was a gift so I really couldn't care about what happens to it, but I put some time and money into repairing some hardware agsafe port and battery, so it'd be nice if I could get this working.inb4 install gentoopic not related
install gentoo
Is my hard drive fuckedyep. bad sectors man. check SMART status. time to buy a new HDD get an SSD instead.you can also try DiskWarriror but it probably won't help much because your HDD is dead anyway.
Well shit.
spicy saddam memes
install gentoo
How do I install Gentoo on an iphone?
Can you mount its disk on your computer?
ask a Genius™
exhume steve jobs
Create a bootrom exploit???Profit
Install Gentoo
One does not just install gentoo

Hey /g/. So in certain countries its illegal to withhold your encryption keys from the government during an investigation. Could one get infected with ransomware and be fucked just from from the inability to produce the key?
yes.  welcome to the free worldjust behave, goyim.  everything will be alright
Well it depends on the country and specific laws does it not?If you're under investigation and you just "happen" to get infected by some ransomware, you may have just fucked yourself over
Bump. Writing some shit up.
I mean if you legitimately get infected.
Most countries that have provisions for a legal decryption order also incorporate some safety measures to protect what little remains of your rights, that is your right not to incriminate yourself nemo tenetur in Europe, 5th amendment in America, after the necessary infringement such an order entails. Usually two of those measures are that there lies a burden of proof on those demanding that the order be given that the suspect is in control of the encryption and its password/keys and that a judge must make the order not the cops. Here, 'control' can be understood as 'possession' or 'knowledge of'. First, what you have to understand is that the decryption order does not make it so that you have to provide access to the files within. It does not mean that, if you can't give the files, that they'll throw your ass to Bubba. You don't have to give them the decrypted files. It just forces you to provide the passwords that allow for decryption and they'll only punish you if don't. If you give the passwords and they still can't access the files, that's their failing and not yours. You will have complied with a legal order. Also, let's call the user's encryption 'encryption A' and the ransomware encryption 'encryption B'.
So in casu this means that if they can prove that you are in control of encryption A and its passwords which they probably will be able to, then the judge can order you to provide the password/keys to that encryption. In this case it would be in your best interest to give the passwords. The cops will have the passwords but still won't be able to access the files because of encryption B, though. However, you will still have complied with the order and they can not punish you. If they then ask the judge for an order to decrypt encryption B, then the same path is walked except they can't prove that you possess the passwords to that encryption, so the judge can't give you the order. If no order can be given then there is no order to resist and there can be no criminal act on the suspect's part. So in both cases you walk away unpunished. That is, as long as you cooperate with any legally given order. This all depends on what country you live in, though and on if you have a good lawyer and a judge that knows his laws.
Nice, thanks man.
Glad to help. I'll add some stress to the importance of country when discussing laws. Really there's often no sense in discussing laws without specifying country or state when discussing countries like the US. That siad, I imagine there ARE some countries that simply assume you have all the passwords and will rubberhose them out of you if you don't give the files, but those are guaranteed to be third world countries. Even though I am a passionate opponent of any legislation providing a decryption order my country wavers on the cusp of possibly enacting its own decryption order, it provides some solace that almost all western countries understand the severity of the infringement and add plenty of safeguards to any such legislation.
Yup pretty much.
Sup /g/, I've been wondering this for a while but I never understood exactly what the speed of routers truly mean. For example, say a router has a 1750mbps speed, or in pic related has a 3200mbps speed. My shitty internet is 20mbps. Would anyone ever need a router that has this kind of speed? Wouldn't I only max it out at 20mbps anyway? Who the fuck has 3200mbps of net speed? I have to be misunderstanding something here. What makes super fast routers super fast given the limited speed most people's IP's provide?
People transfer data locally too.
Its so you can ddos minecraft servers more powerful
Uh, What is a local network?This is for sharing things between different computers on the same network. It's OK if you don't have any friends to share files with autist OP, you can just buy a NAS and pretend it's your friend.
It's for data speed. So if you've got like a server n shit, you can get files off of it real quick.Also it could very well be placebo too. I don't really care about routers as long as they get the job done.
LAN transfers: backups, FTP server, media streaming, etc.
Wouldn't media streaming etc be limited to the speed of your ISP..?I'm not exactly asking what you'd use it for. I'm asking how is it possible to use 3200mbps? Routers have all these claims of increasing speed, and boosting whatever, but when it comes down to it, aren't you still just limited to the speed of your ISP? What makes a router super fast? What reason would you need a really nice one unless you have the best internet speeds on the planet? What am I misunderstanding here?
Media streaming from your local server. I have 6tb of shit on my plex server and I use the hell out of my wifi bandwidth. Real world speeds are always a lot less than the advertised speed. That 3200mbps will probably be more like 2000mbps sustained. That means you could have two wifi clients getting full gigabit ethernet connection speeds to things on your local network. Extra speed helps out a lot with multiple devices.
Oh, so for things that don't require/are limited by your ISP's speeds? So for internet gaming or downloads this thing is not any better than a piece of shit router given my slow as fuck internet, but when it comes to streaming movies I have through stuff like plex, or network offline gaming with friends at your place it's good?
Yes.
For anything that uses the internet it will not improve your speed if you already have an okay router. Older and cheap routers have well, older and cheap processors in them. Some can choke on things with a lot of traffic like p2p transfers.
im going to ask here since it seems more relevantif i have a router that has ~300 mbps speed and i want to stream tv shows that are ~1 gig large each show thru local network would it be enough?
I've done that on 100 megabit ethernet.  If you have decent signal strength and a gigabit connection from the router to your media host it could handle doing that several times over.
Tophue
buy a NAS and pretend it's your friend.Dammit Seagate! You ate all the Doritos, didn't you!Don't look at me like that! We agreed that this month I get the chips, you get the Mountain Dew.Oh I can't be mad at you. I know you, heh, I know you.
Dammit Seagate! You ate all my files, didn't you!
Yeah sounds a bit more reasonable.
Can confirm. I had a couple die on me back before they were even known for being unreliable. ...I guess i'm a data loss hipster.
underrated post
more powerfulyee
jej
This
Computer was running slow so i decided to check the running svshost files. to my surprise there was alot of junk so i disabled a bunch of shit and now this see pic been searching google all day for a way to fix this but I'm out of luck. Can somebody fucking help me out.. I must have disabled a windows service that allows me to open .exe files or something.
Do you have a backup from system restore?
did you stop it or disable it?if you just stopped it then reboot the box. if you disabled it, then go back in time and don't do that.
This is why 14 year old wannabe sysadmins should not be allowed to have administrator passwords to their own computers
Get Macrium Reflect Free, if something really goes wrong, you can restore the image from backup, and it is cleaner than system restore.
Remove GPUPut into trashInstall gentoo
it is actually legitimately possible to hijack the program that "opens" exe files. saw some malware that did this before.if i remember correctly, it was still using that hijack in safemode which made it really annoyingaccording to here, the key is need to use a offline registry editor
just a dumb mistake and this is my personal computer.. ill try the macrium reflect, but im not sure if it will run. i've tried system restore.. will not open gives me the same error report.
WindowsFuck off.
OP here, cannot open macrium as it is an .exe file.. any othjer options here? every .exe file i try to open will not
chkdsk /r
Why don't you just goto services.msc and re-enable everything?

Only thing I can think of that might cause this are:DCOM Server Process LauncherRemote Procedure Call RPCRPC Endpoint MapperBasically the backbone of everything windows related, but you can't just disable them. They are system locked down and you can't change the startup type.Passed that, you might have actually had something that was running all exe's through a service prior to launching and when you disabled everything, you disabled that process and now nothing can run. First off, you would need to be able to get in to see what it was that you disabled then try un-doing it.You could try restoring .exe associations but I don't know if that will do it, or if you will even be able to run it.
anybody else?????
i'll damn sure try. standby
how did you open chrome and take the screenshot
Other thing you can try is re-naming regedit.exe to regedit.com. Many times if something hijacks .exe files it will leave .com alone and they can still run.
print screencould not rune, same error message.. getting pissed................
this is not just .exe files being blocked.reg and .mcs are also blocked and possibly more as well.
Each of those still run a .exe. .regs will run regedit. .msc's will run mmc.exe
will re-install of windows fix problem????
Try Rebooting the PC? i believe there is an option in bios to repair windows or something i dont remember
Become A+ certified
Fucked OP
I know most of you fuckers don't own a house, but is this smart bulb turn-your-shower-on-from-your-phone bullshit stupid, or am i just an old dude who doesn't get it?
It's very cool, but the technology is super immature, and you'd be throwing money away to invest in it now. See where the market takes in 5-10 years.
the light emiting jewdon't buy it
huehuehue
hue HUE HUE HUE One of my classmates designed an app that would control your whole house from your iPhone. I think it's a great idea.
what's the point in turning on the lights from your cellphone before you arrive home? is it so hard to flip a switch?this stuff exists since decades ago but it's just pointless that's why it gets nowhere
It's great especially when you consider people will able to pivot into your network by attacking your fucking lightbulbs
It's just bridging the gap between "super expensive multi million dollar mansion with entire home wired into custom controller" and "average home built 50+ years ago with no modern amenities whatsoever"They're tapping into things everyone is likely to have in their home today anyways WiFi, for example and using that to make a poor man's tech home.  I think in this particular instance though, it's more of a marketing gimmick than a practical solution.  People go "ooh it's just like the movies!" and buy one, and then never use it because "on/off" is an ample solution for 99% of lighting situations.
this meme never gets old to me, tbh
It's bullshit, who wants more wireless noise in the house in already saturated wireless bands.Imagine if all your fucking neighbour's lightbulbs were interfering with your wireless network performance because the kids were having a strobe light party.These aren't even suitable for outside use, you're better off getting a LED fixture that has a day/night sensor instead of trying to set it when sun sets.
I have a large front porch and long path from driveway to door; would be cool to turn porch lights on when I forget to after I get home at night.
We are being sold what we believe we need because we don't have it.Our trust in products and brands has eclipsed any other kind of trust.Well played, everyone.
The same smartphone you use to turn on that bulb has a flashlight function.They keep making it easier and easier to access this flashlight too, you can access it without even unlocking your phone on Android, It will arguably take longer to unlock your phone and open the light switch app instead of just using Torch from your lockscreen.
Hue Hue Hue
buying the light emitting illuminated diode jewGood goy
Don't be a brainless retard and you'll do fine
Why not have a motion detector or timer?
Fucking this. These companies mostly don't give two shits about security and usually leave in backdoors. Your thermostat is now an attack vector.
not triangulating your position in your home and activating only the lights you need automagically
So, to get into my phone I hit the power button and type my pin.  So then I would have to open up a lighting app to turn a light on in my house?  How is that better than flipping a switch?
Well, you could do what this guy saysbut then your battery would be shit
mfw I DDoS the neighbors lights
but then your battery would be shitJust do what the NSA does and blast radiation at yourself and have something pick up the reflection then.
I have those in your pic, I like them. I set them to turn on with timers, turn down/dim when my projector/home theatre powers on, turn blue in my bedroom when my alarm goes off to let me know if it's raining outside etc. Not essential, but convenient and guests act surprised when I dim the lights in the kitchen with my phone.
Some of the stuff you can do with them is pretty cool. I know someone who works at a competitor to those and their lights can do this circadian rhythm thing where they match what time of day it is perfectly. I don't really get the "control lights with your phone!" thing either, but I did think that was kind of cool.
If you have a widget you can turn it on.
You can get solar powered motion detecting lights that you just stick into the grass for literal pennies on the dole
 Owning a houseFuck off normie. I sleep in my car and bathe in my gasoline.
bathing in liquid gold.not using dew collected from leaves and drinking your own piss for nutrition.
Yes it's dumb. It's just another push for "THE INTANETO OF THINGZU!" Just more capitalization on the general trend of people thinking that their phones should be doing EVERYTHING.
WiFi connected light bulbsGE Link bulbs are $12 a pop, bfdwait a decade he says
Some people live in dark places and want to be able to turn on their lights from their car so they don't get raped walking from their car to their house or something along the lines of that.
Motion sensor flood lights have existed for like 50 yearsWhat IS nice about these is they're also programmable. If you already have a light or two on timers, this replicates that but also makes it much easier to control. I like the idea of having the desk lamp, table lamps, and track lighting in my office all controllable from my desk, and this makes that possible at a pretty cheap price
i set my lights to yellow after the sun setsthe fact none of you even contemplated this is telling
is this smart bulb turn-your-shower-on-from-your-phone bullshit stupid, or am i just an old dude who doesn't get it?They invented a new market segment. It had dramatically increased the demand for tiny controllers and even small SoCs in some cases. There is more data from connected devices within the home than ever before, and companies are emerging with products and services to aggregate and control it all.It is absolute genius. Its like the automobile first being invented, then giving rise to auto mechanics, painters, producers of after market parts, and etc.
it's massively overpriced and kinda pointless
Literally mentioned that earlier in the thread with the proper terminology.
HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE
Turning lights on/off != changing color.
God you are fucking stupid.
oh fuck off faggot, hurr durr muh 1 line post where i didn't quote anyone oooo look at me look how amicable i am on 4chan
It's actually very compromising for safety but so are the wallet-phone covers and they are selling like hot pancakes so it has possibilities
yeah, that'd be fucking terrible.
The funny thing is he mentioned it but you don't understand the term.
IFTTT lets you build a recipe that does this automatically when your home hub detects your phone inside a geofence that you setImagine if all your fucking neighbour's lightbulbs were interfering with your wireless network performance because the kids were having a strobe light party.These run at bands that don't interfere with Wifi.
Tripling down on being a retard. Pretty bold Anon, godspeed.
that's cute kid, i bet you don't even know that human circadian rythms are entrained not only by the wavelength of light but also by temperature and the consumption of food, much less the hip-supplement melatoninsome random faggot making a random post on 4chan that doesn't quote someone can easily slip by the radar
I'm smarter than you kiddo.
Don't pretend you even had an inkling entrained was the correct verb for it, either.
attack vectorpivot into your networkwhat is this shiti just want the lights on my house to strobe rainbows through the night so my neighbors know how much of a faggot i am
kid u dont know shit come at me when ure olderure not as smert as me kidkidebin funposting m8Anywho, I probably wasn't super clear in my post. Visual representation. Basically, the lights are RBG and run on a timer that attempts to mimic the conditions of what "should" be the natural lighting at that time of day. The implementation they've used at the company mt friend works for is pretty neat, you wouldn't really know there are any lights on in the room at all when outside RNG matches up and his place is comfy as fuck at night. I wouldn't pay the price they're asking for it, but it's kind of neat. Of course, you can always just "change your lights to yellow at night" and then call people on 4chan kid.
4chan exists for shitposting and low effort content.  If my posts haven't convinced you that I know more about circadian rhythms than you there's no point in discussing further.
mfw in the future almost everything will be connected to the internetMegaman NT Warriors was right, our microwaves will get viruses
Got to buy new hdds but it's been years since I bought mechanical ones. Who's making good hard disks these days? Would two or three WD reds be a smart buy?And please tell me they've removed this god awful head parking SHIT feature from the face of the earth.

nice sexts
HGST, which is a company that has something or other to do with WD, makes great NAS ones. Has the smallest failure rate according to the last study i saw too

HOLY FUCKING SHIT 6 DIGITSalso to answer your stupid question you should be buying only solid state drives from now on, therye better

Consider those bad boys checked :^
Early WD Reds had head parking disabled, and they are god tier.Later ones enabled it again, set to a high value. Some drives had them set to low value by mistake WD released a tool to fix that. Unfortunately, they still have it turned on.However, WD Reds are still your best choice for storage you most frequently read. The only alternative is Seagate a joke, and maybe HGST.
If dubs, this is now a checking thread.If singles, this is still a checking thread.
Goddamn head parking. I hate it. Think I'll go with the Reds, then. Thanks!Also, thanks thread for checking my digits
yeah, I had something like 10 WD Greens, and the ones with head parking disabled all lasted YEARS longer.I think the WD Reds are higher quality by enough margin so they aren't seriously affected by head parking. Watch out though, if you disable parking on a Red that has it enabled in firmware, you might end up with the drive defaulting to parking after every goddamn read happened to me, almost killed a very important drive.
Not important enough since apparently you don't have redundancy
Is head parking such a big deal?Can you explain why it bothers you?The only thing that pisses me off is that windows likes to spin down my drives when I am not using them. But you can disable that in the power settings.
Never said that I didn't.
Probably going to buy a 6TB Red soon myself.   half-considered the 8TB Seagate but.. Seagate.
More frequent head parking = more mechanical wear.Plus the drive seems to be more susceptible to mechanical shock while it is moving around the read heads - which is why every WD Green I've seen used in portable drives was near death, while my own ones lasted a few years.
Besides killing the hdd? That awful clicking noise.
also to answer your stupid question you should be buying only solid state drives from now on, therye betterNot for storage, particularly long term.
this is what i have been hearingbasicly they never die before 5 years
This
Best app for saving snapchats?
Bump
Get casper. Look it up. Make an alternate Gmail account though. Pretty solid and seems more stable than the original snapchat app.
photographic memory
get out
Root your phone and use xposed module.
proprietary software
Alright /g/, I'm looking for a new OS.Which truly is the fairest of them all?It's for a laptop, btw.
gentooor if you have never used linux, ubunto or mintor if you have never used linux and what to learn, fedora
Fedora. Or windows. Or gentoo if you're good at computers.
G E N T O O ENTOO
I love FreeBSD on my lappy, but you would need to make sure that hardware is compatible first.I like being able to have the simplest and easiest-to-use desktop I can get.  I use Xmonad over plain X11.

OP here. Not overly tech-savvy. I'm not retarded but I'm just looking for some thing different but still casual.Leaning toward something like ubunto or mint.
Fedora, Trisquel or Mint
This. Fedora is beginner friendly, but it forces you to learn a little about loo nucs in order to get shit done. It's probably the best if you want to eventually use something a bit more technical
vouch mint & fedora, both proxfce DE, ofc.
osx obviously
trisquel GNU
don't listen to linuxfags.windows for gaymen.osx for everything else.
OpenBSD fgt
Centos on my laptop, Fedora on my desktop. Love them both
Does Android make a good desktop OS?
windows 10 is supposed to beat os x on mac hardware, so "not os x".
Fedora is pretty good on laptops, imoLiterally anything can beat OS X at performance. Linux is faster in some benchmarks by up to 5x. Apple needs to get their shit together and write a new scheduler for XNU.
ElementaryOS
Arch linux
I've been being beta posting faggoty "clone threads" so i up and bought a icloud locked one brand new for 200$ with bad esn, I'm sure its stolen but was worth the money, Now the videos I watched on icloud bypass arnt helping, How screwed am I?
pretty screwed
You could try to rip off someone else.
Kek, Good job faggot you just bought a 200$ paper weight.
You CANNOT bypass that, even if some kid doing a totally legit youtube video told you that.Enjoy your paperweight.
It's always the iUsers
fucking rip me then
LIESNigger, just admit you fucking stole it.Fucking niggers.
If I was a nigger I don't think id be able to read or type
And yet here I am reading and typing. Yet even I wasn't stupid enough to spend real money on an iDevice, let alone one that you knew beforehand was stolen.Congrats. You're even dumber than a nigger.
true, I am a betafaggot
This. Continue the cycle of Jamal and sell it to someone else
nice try Tyrone! give it back! go to local apple store and hand it in.
Same situation but I found one, iphone5
/g/steals terabytes of intellectual propertycalls other thieving niggerstoppest kek
that's different. we are just sharing
implying anyone cares about being called a thief for pirating data
Copying data doesn't deprive anyone of the data.Stealing a phone deprives the owner of the phone their phone.
best option hereyou've admitted you bought a stolen phone so berating you won't do much
You could maybe try some human engineering at the Apple Store? Swear up and down it's yours and you forgot the password?
I'm sorry sir, but it is company policy that we cannot unlock your phone for you, as we do not hold the key to unlock it. MUH ENCRYPTION
Is this true? If you press 'erase and lock' in lost iphone but can't remember the password the phone is bricked forever?
There is no iCloud bypass that actually works, it's that simple.If you have an iCloud locked iPhone, iPod touch, or iPad, it's as good as a brick and only useful for spare parts unless you can get the owner with the iCloud account to remove the device from their account.
The serial number and MAC ID are tied to a user.  Whose information OP possesses absolutely none of.You can have an Apple Store faggot restore it, but only if you know who you are.
Obviously not. It's simply a matter of /g/ not knowing how to do it and trolling OP instead because they're more amused that way.
Ransom it back to its original owner.Follow the chain of commerce back to her.
OP, listen, there is no way of doing it, other than changing the motherboard in the phone, which is costly and time-consuming to the point of not being worth it at all.Just re-sell the fucking phone on ebay for parts for slightly higher than what you "paid" for it and call it a day.
Obviously Apple has this all figured out, but is there any reason not to buy a stolen Android phone? Even if the imei is known-stolen is it actually difficult to change? what's to stop you from buying a $10 flip phone and cloning its imei?
A couple years ago I gave a girl my iPhone 4S since I was moving countries she took over the contract so I gave it to her for free. I noticed maybe a year or more later that the phone was still on my 'Find My...' iCloud listing along with my other Apple devices, despite having wiped the phone before I gave it to her, and I could even track where she was.If I had it in my head to wipe and lock the phone via iCloud is there nothing that she could have done to fix it on her end? It would have been an unrecoverable brick???If so that makes buying/getting a used Apple product seem pretty fucking risky.
Fucked
Are these guys really the "Dr Dre beats" of book shelf speakers, or are they actully as good as people claim?They soud like an okay deal, but I'd have no way to try them before I buy them
I know there's a lot of people on /g/ who have a pair of A2's
They can be if you believe.....
You can definitely do better for the same price or even less, but if space is a concern, then go ahead. Check out NHT Supzerzero as well for a "mini" speaker.
good speakers are built, not boughtget something budget, because ALL off the shelf consumer speakers are budget components
This
they're pretty goodyou're definitely paying more for the form factor and ease of use, thoughI'd recommend not buying them unless you're absolutely too lazy to get actual bookshelfs and hooking them up yourself
So how many of you use Powershell at work or at home for fun?What are you working on?Tips, tricks, opinions, etc.Powershell general I guess.
Also what is your IDE of choice? I use PowerGUI, but it's a bit dated - but couldn't find any other program that had this variable-property-tree thing.
programing for fun
powershellprogrammingPS is a scripting language son
why are you even here?
scripting isn't programming
Do you have any more fedoRonin?
It sure as hell isnt, son
I use bash all the time, but one of my professors told me he likes powershell more.Ugh.
Powershell is actually objectively better than bash. That said I don't use it since there's not enough reason for me to switch from my current setup.
Scripting is programming. The only distinction that's important is whether the language is Turing complete or not. The scripting/compiling distinction is simply a matter of implementation, not an inherent nature of a language.
set-NetTCPSetting -SettingName InternetCustom -AutoTuningLevelLocal Normalset-NetTCPSetting -SettingName InternetCustom -CongestionProvider 2set-NetTCPSetting -SettingName InternetCustom -EcnCapability Disabledset-NetTCPSetting -SettingName InternetCustom -Timestamps Disabledset-NetTCPSetting -SettingName InternetCustom -InitialRto 2000set-NetTCPSetting -SettingName InternetCustom -MinRto 300set-NetTCPSetting -SettingName InternetCustom -MaxSynRetransmissions 2
microshit just made bash:shit-tier edition and called it powershell...
 see he doesn't know objects are objectively superiorhe can't wrap his head around object-oriented scripting
I don't think so but I don't know what that means.
Translation for non-weeaboos: samurai-wannabe wearing a fedora.
I'm glad you got the joke.
AhhhYes, I have a few more. Does anyone want me to post them?
Well me and that guy make two. They're great, can't believe people actually dress like this.
They're great, can't believe people actually dress like this.Is this your first day on reddit? :^
Thats kind of a nice nodachi though...
being able to idenitify specific types of japanese swords *tips*
m-mom can you take my picture for me?can't believe people actually dress like thisyeah it's not like they could be doing it for a laugh or anything right?
"Thanks mom."
could be doing it for a laugh or anything right?From what I've seen most seem to think it makes them some sort of badass.
I really laughed
I learned powershell 1-2 years ago. I thought it was alright at the time, learn a shitty language to admin shitty MS technologies.Then I realised that those MS techs are shit.I still use PS, only as an alternative to cmd or bashuseless on windows outside cygwin.
no habikiworthless knockoff junk
I want to use it to run the cmake - msbuild -package chain I'm currently doing on an old laptop but on a VPS somewhereThe only blocker afaict was the ssh thing and that's getting fixed now
Used it to develop Go in Windows if I got bored playing gaymes
Get-AppxPackage -AllUsers | Where-Object { $_.Name -like "*program*" }Get-AppxProvisionedPackage -Online | Where-Object { $_.PackageName -like "*program*" }Remove-AppxProvisionedPackagetoo many times...
My tip: don't use it.
I am trying to change the script permissions on my Windows box so I can script it to make itself turn off.
, 
newfag here, Im 18, incoming college freshmanI know nothign about coding but I want to start learning. I downloaded eclipse and Im about to do the hello world tutorial.Im wondering if it possible to learn to code on my own or if I should take some classes?Any advice is appreciated
Get a computer science degree OP. You said you are going to college, why would you not study computer science if you want to learn to program?
Even if you take a class, you will be mostly coding on your own and learning from that.
I downloaded eclipseGrossIm wondering if it possible to learn to code on my ownNo, it's not. Programming is probably the hardest skill to learn on your own. It's learned outside of a university very infrequently if at all.
Im doing pre med so I want to major in bio
kid saying "I'm going to college" "I'm studying X" are worst than grills saying "i'm a grill, btw"just shut the fuck up.  go whore for attention elsewhere
Coding is a giant subject, I'd say that's mostly true but it depends on what you're coding.
How am i attention whoring
Hi Dylan
My name is GeorgeAnyway guys, i just read about a free harvard online course CS50Should i do it?
i've taken like half of itit's not baddoesn't go too in depth though, just introduces a wide range of topics
Programming is probably the hardest skill to learn on your own. It's learned outside of a university very infrequently if at all.OP this is false btw
Go to codeacademy.com and learn Ruby / Python then learn some web technologies such as HTML / CSS / Rails / AngularJS. Did I mention it was free?
Nah just fucking focus on the class you take. And fuck Eclipse, netbeans niggaaaaa
Just curious about somethingAre there any financiaL strings attached? Curious how a college course caN be freeGood cuz it got me worried
no strings...there are plenty of college courses available for free online like on coursera, edx, etc, harvard wants to get in on it too
awesome
Will do
whiletrue{    //code}orfor;;{    //code}?
Label://Stuffb Label

while 1 == 1 {    }
System.out.println"Hello World";
for ;;={    //code};
mloop:    //codegoto mloop;
What kind of fucking retard says one loop structure or the other? There are various reasons to use each kind of loop.
Second looks disgusting.
whilei != EOF { /*stuff*/ }Infinite loops are stupid.
#define ;; everforever {}
while mallocsizeofchar {   //code}
It's easier to notice tho.
Memleak. Fuckin amateur
#define ;; youforyou {}
void* p;while p = mallocsizeofchar {   //code   freep;}ftfy
while ayy {   lmao;}
mfwyou fucking noobs...while420*420*710+127.88329^2.0-4^6 ==420*420*710+127.88329^2.0-4^6{    #define return 1337    #define haxxor 420*420*710+127.88329^2.0-4^6     //h4xx0r c0d3    1337 haxxor;}
 freep;fag
crabwell I just had too much indica so yes
That's a big program
#define ;; you#define  are#define  faggot#define for nigger#define return youre#define 0 noob#define int fuckingfucking nigger are you faggot {    youre noob ;}mfw this compiles
while freemallocsizeofchar {   //code}
forint i=0;;i++{    if i%3==0 cout"fizz";    if i%5==0 cout"buzz";    //code}pic related
Never make infinite loops. If you do, then you are a failure of a programmer.Also shit son, a space goes before the curly bracket and after keywords.
I know someone who does that, it pisses me off.
if op === fag {   ignore;   report;   sage;} else {   shill"apple", "macbook";}
All whiles are infinite if you don't break them.
delegate void LoopIterationEventHandlerobject sender, LoopIterationEventArgs e;event LoopIterationEventHandler LoopIteration;...LoopIteration += OnLoopIteration;while true{    if LoopIteration != null        LoopIterationthis, new LoopIterationEventArgs;}...void OnLoopIteration {    //code}
 void main {  //code} 
whiletrue {        installGentoo;}
All whiles that use a variable as the condition are infinite if you don't break them by changing the variable in the condition.ftfy
Are you literally retarded?
do you even functional programming?function abc {  abc;}
would this work?movl $1, %eaxl: call malloccmpl $1, %eaxje l
that's a nice stack ya got there m8-no, wait, stack overflow. gg m90.
public class Example {    public class InfiniteWhileLoop {        private Action _codeToExecute;        public InfiniteWhileLoopAction codeToExecute {            if codeToExecute == null {                throw new ArgumentNullException;            }            _codeToExecute = codeToExecute;        }                public void Start {            while true {                _codeToExecute;            }        }    }    public static void Mainstring[] args {        new InfiniteWhileLoop={            //code        };    }}
shit, forgot to call Start.
Use while loops when looping indefinitely.Use for loops when looping a known and finite number of loops. Don't do like the op does.
function installGentoo {   import systemd;   // code}
while 1:    #code
int i;fori = 0; i  n; i++{//code}orforint i = 0; i  n; i++{//code}?
#define return 1337Are you retarded?
Neither, because you didn't declare n.
Why not just use:whiletrue {    // do stuff    if exitCond break;} If you want to loop until, say, a user says so?
top for c, bottom for c++
lrn2tco
I don't see one would use the top unless you absolutely need C89 support.
because I get my programming recommendations from dated books
let rec loop =  * do stuff *; loopin loop
codeint i = n; whilei--{    //whatever}/code
Why would you do that? Just do:while :;do// codedone
java gibber
No one actually answers OPDoesn't matter because your compiler will optimize it to the same machine code.
pythonINDENTATION ERRORthat fucking syntaxi have been into it but I ended up hating the syntax too much.
using loops// code// code// code// code...// code
THANKS ANON
Don't forget do{    //code}while  You wanna do convention. For loops are for counting, do/while loops are for executions of more complex thing like game loops. This allows future readers to understand your code easier.
Do {  stuff} while conditions
my prof required us to write like this when doing embedded:for ;;  {    //stuff  }also shitty proprietary idesand that's why I do webdev now
infinite loops have a place, if aren't aware of their uses then you, are a failure of a programmer.
thats because a lot of embedded systems have startup procedures that need to be completed once and only once from startup. After that an infinite loop must encapsulate all your proceeding code or else you'll have all sorts of shit gone wrong.
repeat  { code }until falserecommended by GNU
Aren't for loops just syntactic sugar forint i = 0;while i  something{//codei++}
No, you're missing a scope restriction before and after that whole block
loop = do    -- code    loop
pointless bikeshedding
I also learned that word this week.
loop:    //do some shit I don't caregoto loop;
this whole thread is pure cancerstring op = "faggot";whileop{   //    }
when is pomf.se returning?
HorsefuckerCalling others filthyahahahahaHAHAHAHAHAHAH
lost
Why do people use pomf anyway? Is it because file restrictions on my Chinese forum?
Sound as well
/z/
Fucking up twice
Never.
What is the best alternative to the Google Play Store for Lollipop? Because fuck creating a Gmail account just to download some apps.
Just create a gmail account you fucking autist
F-droid
Just get F-Droid.Sent from my iPhone
this, get over it friend you're going to be on at least one botnet at some point or you're going to be left out of the computing world
there is a site that will grab the APK for you. forget what it is.there is appbrain, an alternative app repository. there is a FOSS repository as well, but dont remember the name. fdroid maybe?but youd know all this if you just fucking googled it.create a dummy gmail account. you get a free one just for having an android device. you can create it right at the setup. or factory reset any android device and viola!amazon works, but you have to sign in for that too i think.
good goy
ThisYou could just take the APK's and install them.
you don't need to make a gmail
Just make one. The play store is so much better.
The old Linux question maintains....HOW TO MAKE THUMBNAIL PREVIEW WHEN YOU UPLOAD AN IMAGE?
KDE Firefox, stop using GNOME.
its the only way?
open file managerdrag image...???!!!submit
install gentoo... actually, don't install it. You don't deserve to use teh freedom, too dumb
Yes, gnome/gtk won't add it. Get the opensuse version of Firefox.
Windows doesn't have this problem. :^
And windows still has that shitty font rendering.
Still forcing the font rendering meme, huh?
The problem is that i have to bear it through the entire time using Windows so it's not a forced meme to me.
Perhaps you have an Eyes Rendering problem xD
Still forcing the "visual quality of text I look at 50 hours a week is unimportant" meme, huh?
If you're on Arch you can install this: broke a lot of shit in Xfce when I tried it though.
Or use a sane DE like Plasma 5
Clearly it generates thumbnails, those are not generic icons. \It's just that they are very small 16x16 or something like that, so they're more like toenails.
how can I do this on osx?
saneit werks, but I wouldn't call it sane in any way
change icon view
/thread
tfw no preview, damn you KDE
Looks shady as fuck no
Firefox uses the GTK file selector, dipshit.In a QT/KDE native program, you just click the picture and you get previews, like in Dolphin.
You know you can install abs on any distro you want.
 tfw when his stickers aren't open source
works on my computer :^
like this you goddamn baka
Is that font DejaVu?DejaVu font's are too wide imo.try liberation instead.its more compact and the letter V doesn't look like shit.
cant search for filegod damn linux
ah yes, i'm looking for 1896333945853.jpgthanks
It was just named Sans. Trying Liberation now though and I'm liking it, thanks anon.
number filenamestop pleb
your fontconfig sets up generic names like sans,sans-serif,serif to point to a certain font you have in your installed fonts. In your case, it looks like it pointed to DejaVu sans.
linuxfags too retarded to modify windowsinstall Mactype, takes about 5 minutes and saves you from moving to a broken OS
saving images in My Documents when you fucking have a My Pictures folderthis triggered my autism
I don't get what you mean by 'moving to a broken OS' in this context. You're already using Windows.
more like toenails.
Your choice in 2hu pleases me.Why are the GTK devs pants on head retarded? Didn't someone already fix it but they just wont merge the changes?
that it doesn't superior loading animation
I've been casually using firefox for about 5 years, installing it on whatever computer I was using and recommending it to other people who were still using Internet Explorer with about 6 unnecessary toolbars. The past few months, it's just been getting shittier and shittier with garbage features I don't give a fuck about and a weird advertising campaign that sounds like my grandad trying to be down with the hip young dudes of today.I really should have deleted it after the whole CEO firing scandal, those faggot loving kikes.What's a good net browser that's minimalist but functional and not run by Google?
No matter how long you try to run from Google, you'll always come to it eventually.There is no other browser that can match Chrome. Firefox is the only other browser in its class, and even it's far behind.
been casually using firefoxWhat the fuck does that even mean, you stupid faggot?
I mean without paying any fucking attention to the politics and goings-on behind the scenes like the average computer user you autismal cunt.
Chrome would be right up your alley then, you shiteating nigger.
niggers
I have this really weird issue with Firefox that happens if I leave it open for long enough where I get black boxes over everything that disappear when you mouse over them or refresh but will usually reappear again in different places in a few seconds. They can literally be over any and every element of a webpage as well as the browser UI. Especially prevalent where there is any media elements. I assume it's a memory issue, Firefox is usually using 2.5-3GB when it happens.
OP here, I get this too, especially when there's a lot of flash shit open.
If vivaldi development would speed the fuck up you could use that instead, but until thenchrome
Pale moon, ice cat, even opera
Just use Chrome.
It happenned to me too when using LMDE.Turns out I was using a kernel that wasn't capable of PAE it's now the default in Mint, all I had to do was switch to the alternative one.
Just got recommended for a project. Basically it's a web app. I'll probably make it with some JS library, PHP and MySQL. Then throw it into PhoneGap or some other wrapper to make it an app.Problem is, this is the first time doing a project myself that isn't a uni project. Real world shit right there right now. What kind of questions should I ask or what should I say to people who want me to finish this project?I was thinking os asking basically how they see the app in their minds and maybe we'll draw it out and carry on from there.
Create a detailed specification that you both sign.
that big ass nigga catthe fuck is that
damn nature, you scary
A dat/cog/dot/cag/dag/cot.cat/dog hybrid maybe?
Keep communication open an expectations low.  Under promise and over deliver.  In general, people underestimate Dev costs and time significantly.  Also, stack exchange will help greatly.
It's a caracal
Its eye pupils shrink to circles, while other cats' pupils shrink to slits.coolCaracals can purr, hiss, snarl, bark and growl.barksee, it's part doga medium-sized wild cat that is around 1 metre 3.3 ft long.The caracal's speed and agility makes them very good hunters; they are able to take down prey two to three times their size.mfw I'm less than 6ft tallA well-trained caracal could take down up to twelve pigeons in one leap with its large paws
Do you think if I got one of those it would kill me in my sleep?Because am seriously considering it, if only for the above matter.
if you cover your neck in beef jerky, probably
Leave your piss bottles at the door of your bedroom so it knows that's your territory and the rest of the house is its.At least that way it shouldn't try to enter to your roomhopefully.
this.is.important.
You probably couldn't afford one.I have a savannah and he was very pricey.I'm not implying that you're a poorfag but these cats can cost upwards of 20 grand.
F-fuck you too.
I sure can, I do java programming.300k starting m8.
Hey,ME TOO!
Sir, I think you have a bootleg Apple because that is not Snow Leopard on your desktop.
op asks serious question about first job assignment2 replies about job, 14 replies about animal picture
1 post that doesn't have anything to do with OP's topic or pictureand now 2
Whats wrong with it?
Is it possible to build a base like this, with computers conected to satellites, gps and acess to street cameras? All that high tech show in the movies.
gps, street cameras, and monitor mounts are high techYou could have built that room 10 years ago. The displays might have cost more though.
NSA headquartersBut if what you want is something like in that pic any poor idiot should be able to manage to put some raspbery pies in rollable hat holders with screens and keyboards
Monitors and old Dells on coat racks
yes but it would be more efficient with your very own brother eye satellite.
How and how much?
Sure. Give me a few million and I'll build it for you.
What does /g/ think about jim parsons doing intel adds and the company's direction in general.
literally gay.
post link to the video
Intel has felt the need to run direct-to-consumer advertisement for years, despite the fact that 1% of processors they sell go directly to consumers.Intel understands that, software compatibility/"muh drivers" aside, AMD, etc. processors are indistinguishable to consumers. That's why they push the "intel inside" bullshit. They want consumers to arbitrarily demand Intel hardware in their devices.
We've talked about these a bunch. They're shit.
, 
Anyone have any idea what Ikea desk this is? I saw it in store a few days ago but never got a name.
Here's another one just like it.
Decaware flat-top with mantlepiece. seen them going for 600$ a piece, they are getting rarer and rarer though so i'd snatch one up soon if you see it.
'ugly'
I also saw a Hadhalag triple-stand with the deer leather chair that goes along with it in the wild at a thrift shop yesterday, they were selling it for 3000$. I asked the guy if i he would trade it for a rare Lorkbelle nightstand made in the 80s but he just started eating my fucking big dick.
Yeah i used to collect Decawares in the 70s had the whole BigFucker collection and the rare mini fridge that came with the live cat, he eat my big son though.
how the EFF can that be $600? Esp. if its from Ikea?Its literally 2 pieces of particle board and 4 pieces of steel2 legs and 2 cross barsI would think something like that could be found at walmart for $60.
Because it's a rare Italian design thats why. I think in their summer catalogue there was a cheaper one with same stats but without the boards and i think it only came in white or magenta.
Jerker desk
Windstand desk
20 bong coins
Na man, thats silkwood they are unrealiable as fuck. Also these are the desks with the built in microchip listener so i wouldn't trust it. Also it's running Linux AFTERLIFE apx.
One 4 cucks
There are much better ikea desks
Why do these things run so shitty for even basic web surfing? Is it the slower RAM or is OS X really that shit? You can't just write it off as age, I've daily driven shit far older that they will theoretically blow the fuck out, but don't.Also, old/hipster shit general I guess.
Bro that's a 13 year old computer. No un-upgraded PC from 2002 will handle modern web browsing any better.
its running a g4 from 2002. its like running a p4 1.4ghz in comparison.its also running a processor type that isn't supported anymore, even by third parties like mozilla.
It was a perfectly fine computer in its day. What's changed is that webpages are massively massively larger and more complex today.
Websites are utter shit today m8.And the web browsers are getting slower and more bloated with each iteration.
Have you tried installing gentoo?
To add to this, I have Chrome open with one tab. It's currently eating up 346 MB of memory.The baseline models of that Mac had 128 and 256 MB of memory.Consider further that those old browsers of the time didn't offer the performance that browsers today have, plus the fact it's an ancient PPC processor, and that explains it all.
What is this and why do i want it?
Install a linux distro with ppc support. I use an ancient ibook that works like new. I ofcourse upgraded some of the parts but kept the ppc for the fuck of it. My clamshell even works as a webdev machine. Sad that there arent many working batteries but I manage.
i want one
use linuxuse midori + recent webkit13 tabs openuses 103mb of ram
My basic web surfing daily driver aside from my W520/X200 is a 1.3 GHz P4 with 1 GB of RDRAM and it still handles the web pretty smoothly don't really watch videos or anything, much better than this 800 MHz shitbox with 768MB of PC133, I can't imagine the 256 MB would make that much of a difference.Not that I really expected it to handle amazingly, but even a site like this takes a little longer than it should to loadtfw I kind of want toother than the slow web surfing they're still pretty good
stop using shitty websites and they'll stop making them
Your browsers there aren't even remotely modern. It was only within the past few years that they've been in an optimization race.
its OS X faultGNU/Linux solves that problem
I'm conflicted about the modern web. On the one hand I'd say 4chan, as an example, has improved immensely with the inclusion of a tonne of javascript. On the other hand I can't stand all the super-fancy bootstrap.js type websites that take over your scrolling and are the 2010s equivalent of Flash.
buy a m.. oh, wait.
Do it. Installing linux to an older machine is currently the only way to get the most out of it. I've been thinking of installing freeBSD to my  old mini for a while.
m..icrosoft windows PC
swap through the fucking roof
So nothing made by google then?They even added "lite" mode to google maps since the full version is too slow now. Opera 9/10 launched instantly from a HDD, now I need an SSD to have my browser open instantly, or install Chrome and have it run all the time in background just to compensateWeb pages loaded faster because they were smaller, and I have 100MB internet, no need for "prediction" and loading pages before you click on the link just to compensateOpera had the nicest smooth scroll that worked beautifully especially on a 100Hz CRT, now major browsers other than IE don't even have it by default because it's horribly taxing on the CPUI could watch 720p video in youtube on my laptop, then 480 and now I'm down to 360 if I don't want skipped frames, needles to say I just download the video and watch it with mpv.
Since Yellow Dog is discontinued, what is the go to Linux distro to install on ancient Macintosh computers? Also good idea or not to buy a Powerbook G4 and use it as a word processor slash dumb terminal?
I think Google has lite version of almost everything they serve up to 3rd world countries. There's probably a way to trigger it.
I used to run Ubuntu on my PPC Macs no problem. I even have official Ubuntu PPC CD's somewhere they mailed to me for free.
netbsd runs on everything
That's definitely a problem, I've just tried Camino even though it's discontinued and botnet now and it seems to be running a little better. Forums say Classilla running in classic mode is pretty good as well.I'd consider 4chan a good example of JS that doesn't go over the top, the site is still usable even on some of the oldest machines you can throw at it.As long as you have enough RAM anything is possible.yeah, I feel kind of attached to OS X but I might do it anyway since I'm currently using this thing as a web surfer/RDP terminal and the latter on PPC mac is absolute garbageI routinely use Google on a PC running a Pentium 75 and 8 MB of RAM, only the search though, I haven't tried anything else of theirs on it.
they serve up to 3rd world countriesI don't think that's it. I don't have the option on my desktop i5 3570, but have it on my laptop 2.1GHz Athlon X2, so it probably detects the hardware. Either way I feel like we're wasting more and more computing power to do the same tasks.
Forums say Classilla running in classic mode is pretty good as well.Running a browser in layer of emulation will not improve anything.
pretty much, there's too much modern software that uses 500 MB of RAM to do the same exact shit we did with 4 MB 20 years ago
Because the web is a completely different platform than it was back when the thing was released. Webpages are chock full of scripts, plugins, redirects, etc. All running in the background, chugging up resources.
emulationClassic mode actually boots a copy of OS 9 and runs applications natively, and Classilla is extremely lightweight since it's designed for older G3/604 Macs as well as G4s
Maybe we shouldn't be too extreme and want 2015 software to run on a 486 but come on a 2.1GHz Athlon 64 with 3GB of RAM should be more than enough, at least it was in the Windows XP days.Now Skype alone uses more resources than the entire Windows XP.
well yeah, "bloat" is inevitable with more advanced features both in the software and the hardware it runs on but yeah, when you look at what the shit does it has no reason to be as bad as it is

Other than moving to 720p to 2160p I don't see any other practical reason to need better hardware. Everything else we do is exactly the same as 5 years ago.
i know that feel. i recently upgraded my imac g4 to 1gb of ram to try and save it.the thing boots in less than 10 seconds, but web pages are slow and youtube doesn't play minimum quality video at more than one frame per three seconds.
Still doesn't do much? fug, well I guess that means I don't have to worry about sourcing a 512 MB stick and opening this shit-tastic thing to get it in there
If I were to put together a Linux distribution designed for old Macintosh computers, would anyone be interested?
use midoriuh, yeah, no thanks.
how old are we talking?
yeah, I feel kind of attached to OS X but I might do it anyway since I'm currently using this thing as a web surfer/RDP terminal and the latter on PPC mac is absolute garbageYou can configure linux to look like anything, even OSX. Pic related, its my current setup, I normally make my laptop look like OS9.
Most current PPC linux distros are primitive and unsupported as fuck. I'd say don't bother.
Today every web page is so loaded full of .js, flash, and umpteen cookie/web bugs for tracking you up the wazoo that the G4 processor is swamped.Try and find as light-weight a browser as you can, block ads, block or disable flash, add a suitable SSD.I still have an old MacBook Pro G4 as my "reserve" if ever there is a problem with my main laptop. Web browsing is pretty slow on modern chock full of shit sites, but Email and even word processing etc is still fine. Obviously CLI stuff works as well as ever. Added a PATA SSD though.
4434 packages Jesus man do you have every single program from the store installed
I doubt my plan of being able to run a web server off a 128k would ever come into fruition, so let's say at least making an iMac G3 usable in 2016?
I do a lot of work, keep my packages fresh, maintain old packages, and contribute code to others. I need almost every package.
sure, why not. i've always wanted to get one of those.
You're alright, doing god's work, anon.
Sure, especially if you put effort into customizing the WM.Yeah, I'll have to give it a try on my other G4 before I shitcan itUse a Mac Plus or SE for that, the 128K can't get on the internet anyway since there's no SCSI port for an ethernet adapter.
Debian works great on PPCI tested myself on my iMac G3
it's good to see there's people on /g/ who actually use linux for something other than meme cred
My 700MHz iMac G4 w/768MB RAM runs like a dream; you're doing something wrong. Also are you using a 5 year old browser or TenFourFox?
Less than 10 secondsLies. I have my 1.25GHz iMac G4 at 2GB and it takes roughly 50 seconds. What OS?
This.Maybe three years ago you could have got away with running this, but web browsing has become much more heavy on videos and javascript and anything this old will lug and chug their way through anything more complicated than an imageboard or forum.
Not him but Tiger normally takes between 15-20 seconds on my 1.5GHz PowerBook G4 with its stock 5400RPM HDD
Leopard for me takes 50 sec on my iMac listed above with 7200RPM.
what's the top-bar-menu-items extension name? kinda diggin it
TopMenu. It's buggy as hell.
Yeah Leopard's got higher boot times.
I posted that from TenFourFox but I decided to try Camino and it's much more usable, running 7 tabs without a problem.What Browser/OS do you use? Since Camino is unsupported now I should probably find a better alternative.JS isn't too hard on hardware of this class, actually. It still takes me a good 6-10 seconds to load some pages though.
On G4s I tend to stick to Tiger as runs a bit better than Leopard, I normally keep a Leopard partition around just in case though. I use SeaMonkey for most browsing but it's a little weak on sites that heavily depend on JavaScript, so I keep TenFourFox around as a backup.
I'll have to give that a try too, thanksI wish 10.2/10.3 weren't more difficult to find software for otherwise I'd probably be running those for autism purposes.
PowerPC browsers suck ass.They haven't been developed for the past 10 years.
10.3 is by far my favourite version of OS X graphically speakingThere are multiple modern browsers for PowerPC OS X.
Fuck even Mac OS 9 has Classilla
Still. No Safari, Firefox or Chrome which support major standards used by modern sites.
TEN FOUR FOXENFOURFOX
they still have a small community supporting themyeah, I definitely like earlier OS X, gives me that shitty-but-cozy UNIX UI feel with the pinstripingI just got a top of the line G4/500 sawtooth too and I kind of want to put 10.0 or 10.1 on it but there isn't damn near shit you can find for either of those
 Needles to say... I took drugs
Can someone explain what would be wrong with compiling Midori with the -march=powerpc?
the full version is too slow nowI've seen Maps peg all of an i3's cores at 100%, no word of a lie. What the fuck are they even doing?
Word, Homie.  I dragged home one of these pieces of dogshit, thinking at LEAST it could browse recipes dot fucking com in the kitchen.  Maxed out its ram oooh 2 GB, outta my way, baby Did a fresh build, opened TenFuckingFoxForceFive, and then realized I wasted my efforts.
Nice sounding speakers though.  Good work, CancerMan.
[pffft noises internally]You planning on placing quote a few Camino support tickets there, Champ?
It's a G5, you can flip it to some stupid college kid for a tight profit
Implying I'd make the effort to get out of my battlestation chair and scrape the GSA asset tag off the fucker.
because backlight.makes it easier to SELECT ALL IMAGES OF FUCKING BREAD.
Want to swaperoo for an upgraded G5 then, M8?
Do what I did and put Camino on it or SeaMonkey like that other anon is using, I'm currently shitposting like crazy from this thing and I've been using it all day, it's not bad.
browsers for PowerPC OS X.Will those support selecting sushi images?
And more.
is OS X really that shit?OS X was always shit.
So why is it that older iPhones, like the 4s, can handle most web pages non-mobile with no issues, but these older computers can't? I thought the A5 chip was only 800mhz and only had 1GB of RAM.
Just like your posts:v
more optimized, efficient operating system and hardware
Today every web page is so loaded full of .js, flash, and umpteen cookie/web bugs for tracking you up the wazoo that the G4 processor is swamped.So all of this stuff is processor dependant right?
I think it's an even mixture of CPU/RAM dependancy, but more RAM.
le megahertz myth
mfw using Firefox 38 on PowerPCit must suck being stuck on an old OS
topmenuhow did you get it to respect transparency?
yfw you want a 20-inch iMac G4 and mod it with modern small form factor components but you're too lazy to do it
Man I lusted for one of those bad when they were new. Literally the first Mac I ever laid hands on.
I think people have gotten NetBSD on those.
being an iCuckOff yourself.
Nah, I don't think I will.
its also not 12 years old you dink.it doesn't use LPDDR3 and its not 45nm
Why do these things run so shitty for even basic web surfing?because everything new is bloated and shit
are you tasteless? the g4 imac is one of the sexiest computers of all time.yeah, i know.hurr durr fashion statement
yfw osx ui from 2003 looks better than windows 10what did apple get so right?
Hell no, those fuckers look like horrid mushrooms.The G4 towers look much better.
Better than Windows 10I'm not sure I agree with that. Windows 10 is looking really good.
to each his own.
imacsexiest anythingHomosexuality detected.
enjoy your faulty PSU caps
Because they're old as dirt.Which is a shame, this was truly the most beautiful all-in-one Apple ever built, and I don't even like Apple.I wish someone would rip these off and do a modern version. 27" 1440p screen and decent internals in the base, maybe remove some of the clear acrylic and keep it a plain white. It would look amazing.

pinstirpesmassive dockcandy coated icons
the dock is scalable and hideable.
the pinstripes were quite OK because they matched apple's overall hardware aesthetics as well at the timewindows 10 on the other hand is a horrifying piece of shitthe retarded search bar in the taskbar by defaultthe shitty icon setthe menusthe UI that will visually fall the fuck apart the second you run a slightly older piece of software not designed for metroTMshill pls go
Apple products were and still are cheap fashion accessories.Fashion accessories don't really age well
good meme
macfaggot shill in denial
Thanks to this thread I am now downloading OSX to dick around with on my spare laptop.Thanks 4chan, I needed sleep, but decided to instead relive some high school memories.
good meme
nice m e m e
good meme
g r e a t m e m e
good meme
PPC Linux on a G3/G4 is quite shit too.
dat bulbasaur
Is this an over-complicated way of checking if two numbers have opposite sign?def oppositea, b:    if absa/a == absb/b:        return False    return True
if a0 {if b0 {return true}}
def oppositea, b:    if a == -b:        return True    return False
not overly complicated but not perfectly clearreturn a0&&b0 || a0&&b0;
def oppositea, b:    return a  0  b or b  0  a
oh wait that was dumb, i though you meant if they were the same number but with different signs
that'd only work if absa = absb. i.e if a=5 and b=-5
    if x == y:        return False    return Truecan always be simplified to return x != yAnd what happens if a or b is zero?
def oppositea, b:    return a == -b
thank you! i could masturbate to these snippets
a ^ b  0
good catch.in the exam there wasn't any way for 0s getting in as arguments.should've added this line at the top of the function though?if a == 0 or b == 0:    return False
def oppositea, b:    return a / b  0
i like the idea. question is what the overhead is in comparison to other solutions
xor + comparisonliterally 2 assembly operationsoverhead
hmm, i havn't gotten much into how the stuff works in the background.im not sure it is just that simple...
this doesn't consider a0 b0no.this. this is elegant as fuck. +1 for bitwise. faster than nested/multiple ifs. Good one anon.
it's really good. it doesn't work if b is even though.def oppositea, b:    return not a**b  0        printopposite3, -2# Trueprintopposite-3, -2# True
Divide by their abs values respectively.
not original poster of that elegant as fuck solution. but it is that simple. and fast. literally the best solution in this thread.
The carat is XOR, not exponentiation.
see
Yes it does work for even b.Assuming that the numbers are real though the best solution would be doing eithera * b  0ora / b  0
are you thinking thats  ^  is raising to a power ? In c ^ is the xor bitwise operator
as i didn't realise when i posted the ^ is the xor operator, not exponentialas i am now getting a lot of flack about, you should also knowyes, because i have been doing math lately, and not my AVR chips
i feel so stupid right now. thanks for the insight guys
thinking ^ is powb, n and not xornot knowing bitwisehi, did you get the programming 101 manual or do you still need that?
i still need it, obviously. i'm a slow learner and i've just started with python
Start with C. Read "C Programming Language 2nd Edition" by Kernige and Ritchie the creators of C. There are pdfs of it everywhere. If you can solve problems at a low level, high level languages will be cake.
see C is so amazing to learnYou get a feel for what a computer is DOINGyou get an appreaciation for the work some languages do for you slicing arrays in pythonbut always remember, there are times to go back to basic
thanks for the advice!
over-complicated way of checking if two numbers have opposite signFirst, I claim that this code returns 1 on a positive input and -2 on a negative input.def signn:    return n  log_2nNext, I claim this code returns the base-2 logarithm of the input:def log_2n:    i = 0    n = absn    while n = 1 i += 1    return iNext, I claim this code returns absolute value for 32 bit integers:def absn:    return n^n31-n31Next, I claim this code returns a != bdef neqa, b:    return a & ~bTherefore, I claim that this code returns whether or not the input have opposite signs:def oppositea, b:    c = d = e = f = g = 1    h= a^a31-a31    i = b^b31-b31    while h  d: d += 1    while i  e: e += 1    j = a  h - c    k = b  i - g    return k & ~j
this is good, but if a or b is different byte sizes it would fail
Damn, missed two opportunities to make it more obscure:Don't += 1  Increment by one of the 1 variables.Don't assign them to 1.  Assign them to 134217728  27
Your sign function return -2 on negative input, log_2 always returns 0 or higher.
*doesn't return
Read my code.  My log_2 function works on the absolute value of the input.x  log_2-x = -2 for all negative x
a  sizeofa ^ b  sizeofbcan't shift float though
Show of the season.
What do you think, /g/? Anyone to add?
tech geniusessocial autistswouldnt work, op
Fuck off stall an for ethics and put John McAfee instead.
Reiser has to be on there somewhere. Human resources or something?
McAfee should be Staff Morale Officer.
carmack would do well of those positions
John McAfee is a fucking looney
 Ethics committee Offering an in-house position and possibly points on the cap table to someone whose role could easily be served by an outside contractorI'd love to see a VC guy laughing you out of the pitch.
some of these are deadDon't you have something better to do OP?
John McAfee is a fucking looneyThen you might want to get a different vision consultant.Terry is not that sane either.

ReiserHuman resources
I am sorry for being such a noob but hm1. CEO Linus Torvalds2. Ethics committee is Stalman.3. Visions departmant is a man who has actual visions from god, Terry A. Davis4.Marketing is obviously Steve Jobs. He's dead, we need living people though.I'll take Steve Ballmer over him.Who are QA, Lead dev, Senior Dev, optimization?
No ReiserNo McAfee

It needs bill gates as CFO or something of the sorts
and ballmer developers in chief
So he can give all of our money away? No thanks
Dennis Ritchie is dead. So not him.
List of Must-havesTorvaldsStallmanuGatesJobsBallmerDenisThe schizophrenic guy of temple osthe harmful software guyCarm cuck or whatever his name is gaym developer godreisermcafee...
that man is a fucking god...
we only hire the livingThe SJWs are going to have a field day with this...What do you have against the dead? you necrophobic shitlord?

Ok, then hire him as business strategist
QA - UrielLead Dev - Theo de RaadtSenior D - Dennis Ritchieidk about optimization
forgot theo de rateric s Raymond
I visually and audibly laughed slightly irl
who is urel and what is he known for?
doesn't know about optimizationdoesn't fucking know who Chris "I'm gonna make my fucking game in Assembly" Sawyer is/out/
the harmful software guy, killed himself I think

To be honest if you made a team with those 9 I imagine it'd just collapse after an hour because Linus, Steve and RMS would get into a major shit flinging fight really quick. I imagine Steve and RMS wouldn't accept anyone being "above" them in the hierarchy
optimizationWe need Mel: 
Theo as CEO.Linus in Marketing.Tanenbaum in ethics.
as long as you keep Stallman in the basement, with cheese, pepsi, a parrot and air-conditioning, we wont even care...Jobs will have to do what he is told, because the necromancer will have control over him
I don't really get why he would be QA though, all his opinions are just mimicry of Rob Pike. Why not get the original instead of the bootleg?
of course he killed himselfLIFE IS THE ULTIMATE HARMFUL SOFTWARE
Linus as CEOWhy? I don't get it. Shouldn't it be Stallman?
Linus is our benevolent dicktator
Replace Jobs by Woz plz
wozgood at shillingWoz is one of the coolest tech guys ever but he is not a business man.
nah, Stallman is just he kike that tells everybody what they should do, but can't really direct shit
I feel ya
Linus and RMS are in a constant shitfight 24/7, RMS tries to organize a mutiny against the CEO because he refuses to call it GNU/company, while Linus secretly installs Windows Vista, Norton and iTunes on RMS's computersJobs just seals himself off in his marketing department because he can't relate to any of the others who only care about the technical side; decides to commit suicide by not getting medical help for his cancerTerry roams the halls with a cross and floppy disk and shouts incoherent unintelligible phrases about "CIA niggers apocalypse"Sawyer and Carmack have locked themselves in the basement with a ton of computers to "work on a small project", maniacal laughs and loud electrical generator noises can sometimes be heard through the doorTheo spends most of his time rambling in all caps on a mailing list about how shit his company is and has thoughts about going on a shooting spreeMeanwhile, any code that is produced by Ritchie is deleted by the QA department with the note "HARMFUL"
No shit kicker keller0.5/3.5
Jim "RIP soon Jewtel" Keller
I know, it's just I hate Jobs and love the Woz. Woz would suck at marketing.
What kind of company has an "ethics committee" Hi Martha, can you put me through to Bill from ethics? I need to know if what I am doing is ethical.
not ordered
le harmful software guy
I would put wozniakmarissa mayer for being a qtanakata pirate bay guy
Anakata should be public relations. His answers to Hollywood complaints where epic.
It's more about how a company would handle certain work ethics and inter-business things related to them.I remember a company I worked in had like an entire group of people just made for things like that.
Vision consultant Mr. I killed a CIA nigger with my car
Sounds bold and visionary to meThink Different™
He actually has visions so he's the only one qualified
Keller
if you put all those people within a mile radius of each other, violence would erupt
You can't just put a bunch of skilled people into one team and expect them to dominate.These people can't stand each other.
Some of your future employees are already deceased. That won't work out.
shitnus turdvalsangry finn who would probably tell everything to do it like the Leenucks way Tordvals wayrichardo stallmanumad as fuck when someone mentions non-free softwarele CIA nigger manfucking jewish nigger carmackNice team you got there OP.
john abrash not in optimization
Schneier as CSO.
torvaldsa finnwhen will /g/ recognize him for the fennoswede cuck he is?
he loves sweden, but he has the attitude of a finnLinus, please consider that not everyone here still post as it was the 80s. We are professionals and...perkkele vitupa:D:D:D:D
Well memed :^
Thorvalds CEO? What?
Of course he was right yes, I am hypocritic, I couldn't post this from Plan 9.
 not having Bill Gates as CEOIts like you hate money or something.
No, life just SUCKS. Maybe even more than gcc.
we should have a hardware version of this, has it been done?
Based Chris Sawyer
stallman in charge of anythingCrash and burn

tfw i was thinking the same when I saw the thread in the catalog
TheKEK
Reiserhuman resourcesActually the best one yet. Good suggestion for 'ethics committee', too.
Throw Steve Wozniak in there as lead engineer or smthThat guy is a man with zero ambition, but talentAlso, Steve Ballmer as janitor, Bill Gates as PR, and Larry Page as the janitor's bitch
MY FUCKING SIDES JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
amazing
would watch if it was a show
founder: melon usk
Erik Naggum
imagining "The IT Crowd" with this company instead

Steve Jobs will backstab everyone and become the CEO.
Better question:Everyone in this picture is put in a 9-way fight to the death. Who wins?
You forgot best girlNo tech team is complete without an electronic engineer
kevin mitnick for chief security officer
Hi! you are now reading this in david jones's voice
now list them in net-worth.jobs would take the cake, but hes too dead to eat it.
what? no nef?
GET OUT OF MY HEAD, DAVE!
Every single one is a cis white malediversity much?
name one minority of note in silicon valley.
Replace Torvalds with Rob Pike.Remove middle row.Add Russ Cox.
me
utah
Can't be done.
"Why don't you have a skype anon? Just download it!"Tox is a secure, decentralized multimedia messenger aimed at replacing Microsoft's proprietary and NSA-ridden Skype. It offers video and audio chat, group messaging, and file sharing, as well as a robust platform that can allow for endless possibilities, including your own personal version of Dropbox."We're not downloading that app lol, just use Skype!"Why are normies so selfish?
Aren't you the one being selfish in that case?
Congratulations, now your friends know you're autistic
I'm not, why is it ok for them to force me into instalingl their "app" and I have to be the one that bends over for them?
If you want to talk to normies, you need to do it with their language in their channels/tools/apps/whatever.Why do you want to talk to normies anyway?
because your asking more than one person to do exactly the same for you but when you do it it's justified for no reason, how can you not see that
skype is so secure that ms couldn't stop that bs
I managed to convince some friends to videochat using Firefox Hello instead of Skype. I think it was easy to do this because this way they didn't have to download anything. It's disgusting: normies tell you "Just use Skype" as if it was easy to do so and had absolute no implications.
normies want you to be a normie
i'm honestly surprised you have friends if that's how you think irl
normiesautist
All of your friends already use Skype, but you're being the autistic asshole that is trying to force everyone to use software that looks and feels like it's from the late 90s, just because it's open source.Do I give a fuck that there may be back doors in Skype? Not one bit, because no law enforcement agency gives a fuck about me, I'm not fucking Tony Soprano.I care that Skype is currently the best video chat software available, with the best quality and most reliable video, and the best features and support.inb4 shill
is tox available on android???!!??![spoiler]?[/spoiler]
looks and feels like it's from the late 90sI don't remember software looking like that back then.
send the following to them via skype imwatch as they can no longer use skype due to continual crashing
stop using that I hateLiterally autistic
Why? It's not like I'm an autist that try to impose the program I use to others. I just suggested that option and they accepted after trying it. A lot of people often use one program instead of another by pure inertia but if you show them an alternative most are willing to listen you and try it.
It has echoes of MSN and ICQ.
it was more the It's disgusting: normies tell you "Just use Skype" as if it was easy to do so and had absolute no implications.
Skype fixes the weird “crashing bug with the latest update for all platforms
Why are normies so selfish?Why are you autistic? Is it really that hard to click the download button?
If you're so autistic that you take MUH FREEDUMBS bullshit to heart, then you don't deserve friends.
there are peoplebrowsing /g/defending skype
normiesThat was just a meme, don't worry, m8. Not everybody is moderately tech-savvy in this world, and that's perfectly normal. I'd prefer that everybody cared about the privacy at least to some extent, though but it's not like I can do a lot to change the current situation.
Shit ton of people use SkypeLike 8 total use toxJust add another piece of bloat to your computer cuz muh freedomsAutism speaks
*their privacy
No ones defending skypePeople are just laughing at someone trying to force their autism on others
SourPls
Skype is also already built in for everyone with a Windows 8 or above computer.
Only the shitty Metro one, oh wait the desktop version sucks balls too.
Fucking autist
To be fair, tox is shit. Say what you want about centralized messaging but it works. You don't have to pull from more than one source to see if you have incoming messages. Tox uses so much battery that it can never be viable for communication. If it only works on the desktop nobody wants to use it.
100 is the average IQhalf of people are even dumberthey're not selfish, they simply lack the brains
I just don't like skype as a software even without the NSA spying.using your bandwidth to host other people's coresusing so much RAM and CPUbuilt in ADS
lmao
Either version still does the job.Even my senile mother knows how to use it.
AIDS*
100 is the average IQhalf of people are even dumberDUH HOE DOES AVERAGE WORK?
because that picture is a mockup and the real product is nonexistent and forever in alpha
using your bandwidth to host other people's coresWhat the fuck does this even mean?
calls*
still shilling for Tox
I use Skype on my phone
reading comprehension: 0/10this is exactly what I was talking about
that's nice phil
don't people use these then?
There was a IRL discussion recently about security and some Russian guy was boasting about his skills and saying he was untraceable because he uses Telegram and was encouraging everyone else to use it. I raged a little inside but chickened out of mentioning Tox.
le I have nothing to hide and neither should you may may xDEven Rome fell...
Totally the fault of Skype
some very weird reason, I could never get in touch with people through this software.It always showed me people as offline and they didn't receive my messages/wouldn't answer the phone even if they told me to call them. I stopped using it after two weeks or so because I simply couldn't fix it.
Uses hardly any CPU/RAMYou can block the adsPosting on /g/ and being this dumb
The measurement system for intelligence is broken,it been proven multiple times.Women astronaut  with IQ of 150 passed all NASA tests and went to ISS just when she got  back to travel on the other side of the country by car with no stopping to chop the dick of some pilot.IQ doesn't means shit,I tested 129 and still lack basic social skills and cant blend with the normal people.Im fucking autist and society reject.Normies are great I am not.
Thanks, name's not Phil though
:-i'll b ur friend

Since Windows 10 has a key logger built in, won't "secure" messenger services be useless anyway? It's going to get logged regardless.
what's your name then son?
I have few people like you that said they will be my friends,we have each other on skype but they never talk to me.Keep your friendship to yourself.
stop being a memeing dick
Tox is a secure, decentralized multimedia messengertox is a securetoxsecureThis is a load of bullshit and you know it OP.
there it is! that kind of interaction is why you don't have friends
You lost your opportunity, anon.
If you're so autistic that you would give up your privacy and freedoms, you don't deserve either. You're probably a fuckin macfag too. Faggot.
My friends forced me to make a fucking fake Facebook to talk to them even though I showed them how we can use IRC to make a chatroom for us. Retards, at least I didn't access it from my machine but I still feel physically ill whenever I log into it. They keep telling me to keep it cos being social is good for me and my health. Deleting it now, don't care if they stop talking to me. Fucking normalfags.
23never had a single friend that timeAt this point it doesn't matter.
You won't find any friends here anon, people here are even more selfish than normies that's why you see so much attention whoring on 4chan.
Or maybe you deserve better friends.
class="quote"skype
and again
implying Facebook deletes your shitThey don't even have a way to delete your account. It's only "frozen" or something like that.
k
one more time!!!
There is a real delete button its just hidden, but no they don't delete the actual data, not that I uploaded any anyway. As for scraping other data I used it on other machines and don't care about anything they got. Its kill now anyway.
k
all this hurr autist yelling at OP just because he presents superior alternative to his friendsWhat the fuck is wrong with this place nowadays? What the fuck? Seriously?
flatfag genocide, best day of my lifenothing-to-hidefag genocide, second best day of my lifeskype-isn't-a-buggy-piece-of-shitfag genocide, thirty-second best day of my life
Normalfags ruined it, business as usual.
ringThat actually looks cool. Have you tried it?
Any Retroshare users?
 MicrosoftWas any other reason necessary?
yeah but I don't have anyone added so I'm just calling myself on a seperate virtual machine
:
wanting to be a part of irg and stq's homo circlejerk network no thanks I'd literally rather have your government spying on me
joining the botnet when you don't have toIt's your fault the world is a shitty place with no freedom.
I had a older laptop Ideapad Z575 that skype would overload by using ALL the cpu
I remember when I used to talk to my crazy ex gf she would always complain about how her boyfriend is looking at porn, I asked how she knew this since it was a long distance relationship and she told me her dad was friends with someone who worked for Skype and he was able to find out everything he did on his computer
 best video chat softwareHahahahahahahahahahaha.Oh wait, your serious let me laugh harder.HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Last time I checked yes.
If your friends aren't willing to install tox to talk to you, they don't want to talk to you.
Is that the new tox slogan?
I mean, I like my friends, but sometimes I really wish I had some /g/-like friends who talk with using Tox...
Oh wait, you're autistic.  Let me cringe harder.There are people outside of 4chan.  Make some neckbeard friends to talk to on tox, stop bothering normal people to install your paranoid laden bullshit.
ayy lmao
So much cringe, holy shit you're gay.
Tox needs marketing like this to attract normies
 I want them to download a software which I will use to communicate with everybody else. Why are normies so selfish?Tek lek pek.
I won't use skype outside of talking to them so why do I have to be the one that compromises for them?
Because you are going to be alone.
Why do they all need to change to tox when only their autistic "friend" uses it?
friends that don't care about their privacy are no friends of minefriends don't let friends get spied on and logged
This is also why you don't have friends you know
The best kind of b8 is the b8 that no one notices.
/thread
superior alternativein what way
Ringwhy haven't I heard of this before?
RACIST
too busy using skype

Has Tox gone through a real security audit yet
skype is the fucking worst memoryI run it on linux and it uses more memory than my entire OS + pidgin & steam etc
didn't that bittorrent thing make tox moot?
Butthutt normie detected.
has enough human interaction to need a messaging clientcalls someone else a normie
you're*
2 years oldstill in alphabravo /g/
that friends listthis has to be bait
live in chinacomplain about why people won't communicate with you englishthis is literally how fucking dumb you sound, dip shit.
isn't it tox's second birthday already? and they don't even have group video? what the fuck.
when the fuck is tox going to be finished? when is it going to get the audit?
If you have friends then maintaining privacy is pretty hard, because you have no control over what they do with your information, as much as you'd like to trust them. If you truly value privacy then don't talk to anyone, encrypted messaging or not.
Never.
selfishexpectancy to privacyfree as in not botnetno centralized servers to log younot using a nonfree botnet is selfishfuck yourself retard
this deal is going on for 3 days, is the moto x 2nd gen worth getting? Does it slow down after a years' worth of use?
the moto x 2nd gen doesn't make a lot of sense to me. new unlocked g2s can typically be had for around $200, and it's specs are very similar to that of the 2nd gen moto x - expect in one key area. battery life. the moto x has literal shit battery life, and the g2 has really good battery life. with cm12 supported on t he g2, i'm not sure why you'd spend the extra money to get the moto x 2nd gen. only thing i can think of is the desire for running a stock rom and not wanting to bother with custom roms.
Does the g2 still have active display?
no expandable memoryno user replaceable batteryit does havedual front facing speakersbut the cons outweigh the pros.So no.
What would you recommend for a cheaper off contract phone then?
active display is motorola exclusive feature. sorry for not being more specific. i'm talking about the lg g2, not to be confused with a moto g 2nd gen - if that's what you thought. the lg g2 does have a panel self refresh, which is big savings to the battery. there is no way in fuck i'd go back to using a device that can barely manage 3 to maybe 4 hours sot and be dead by the end of the day. i can get 5-6 hours sot on my lg g2 on cm12 over the span of two days. this is significantly better than most phones that can be had for around $200 new and unlocked. not to mention it has a 1080p display, snapdragon 800, 2gb of ram, and a pretty solid camera.
I hear LG phones are prone to lag...is this true?
stocks roms aren't very laggy at all, but on cm12 the phone is extremely quick.
I miss my first gen moto x.  On 4.2 battery lasted all day somehow and active display was the shit. Moto x is the phone that looks like shit on paper but is great in person at least,  the one I had anyway.  Dual core and small battery or not somehow that thing was faster than my m7 and lasted longer too. Camera was shit tho,  got better after the update but still nothing to write home about.
Just get a Moto G LTE.
Why may I ask?
S4/5 or 2nd gthe X has better performance but at least these have expandable memory, but that wouldn't be a problem for you if you don't install many apps on your phone so it depends on your use.
I guess I would say I'm an average user -- nothing heavy.
If it's anywhere as good as the first x was I'd say go for it 2nd x if tbe price is right.  I'm probably going to get myself the 3rd Gen x if Tmobile picks it up, getting tired of my n6
3rd Gen xHas that even been announced yet?Any news about the g?
moto g lte or moto x 1st gen?  And is the moto x laggy?
Cheap as fuck, expandable memory and while the battery is "non-removable" you only need to remove a few screws to change it. The camera is only 5mp though.
There is a LTE version of the second Moto G. Everything you just said, but with a marginally better 8 MP camera.Although by now I'd wait for a third generation, which will probably use an A53-based processor and thus support 64-bit. Also, being assured you'll get Android M, which current Moto G owners are not.
getting tired of my n6Why don't you like your Nexus 6? Is it simply too big? I'm thinking about picking one up this week.
That's not the Moto X.If the front looked like that, I would've got it, the 2nd gen I do believe has censors on the front which show up really badly on it.
The new one should be out soon, so no.
Do you have programming/dev blog?How often do you write stuff? Does anyone read it? Why did you start it?
Is that Sam Hyde?
Do you have programming/dev blog?No.I prefer actually writing code. The only reason people start these blogs is for hiring purposes. Notice that all but the most influential ones have like 1-5 total posts, spread out over a 4+ year period.
I often think of things that would make good articles, but I lack the ambition to ever write them.
Do you have programming/dev blog?yes, /g/ - TechnologyHow often do you write stuff?almost every dayDoes anyone read it?anonymous postersWhy did you start it?I didn't
Do you have programming/dev blog?i have. its /g/
are you an autist?why the fuck would you program and not show it off online?faggots like you should just die in your basements.  You are the cancer ruining CS.
from 1 to 10 how mad are you?
Yes, it is.
from 1 to 10 how autistic are you?

Yes, because your shitty wordpress blog with disqus comments on an .io domain is the only way to show off your code. It's not like sites such as github or bitbucket exist, where, you know, your code can speak for itself.
from 1 to 10 how butthurt are you?
There is literally nothing wrong with disqus comments.
Not the guy you replied to, but maybe he has a github or something. Blogs are unnecessary if a resume links to one's github.
literally a blog threadFuck off
It was more a comment on the general aesthetic and common traits of such blogs, but by all means feel free to focus on the least relevant point of that comment
Blogs are technology. :^
I made a blog because I thought it would bring more people to my site and it did. It brought a bunch of Russian and Chinese people to my site to hotlink my images. I thought I could monetize off my site, but I'm no Backlinko or that Patel guy. I'm probably just going to shut it down. Blogs are more trouble than they're worth,  honestly.
Useless technology.
Useless technology is still technology.
Technology is useless.
I live near Sam Hyde. I don't know what I would do if I saw him.
I know, I checked the catalog.
Get him to suck your dick, try to get pictures.
I have a coding blogdon't write it for any reason other than I want to share useful tips with people, and especially when I forget something myself.I don't really write opinions and articles though. It's more a private stackoverflow without having to worry about getting my answers deleted and closed
I got really upset at the thumbnail until I realized it was Sam Hyde.
I haven't updated the site in years, so there are some things I would change.
Do you have programming/dev blog?YesHow often do you write stuff?I'd like to write weekly and I do when I'm prolific.Does anyone read it?Yes, and it's growing every year.Why did you start it?I wanted to know that I was growing and keeping a log of what I had accomplished seemed like a good idea.
Hey guys, got a really old pc here with wary puppy 5.5 on it. Problem is, I'm trying to install it to the internal sata drive in the laptop. I've tried installing grub but it won't work, and the universal installer is not allowing an automagical install. grub-install says that there is no \boot... I think I'm unable to perform any sanity checks. Help a /g/entooman out?
Also, sorry about not your personal tech support. It's just driving me crazy and nothing seems to be working for me right now. Plus I don't think it's that stupid of a question.
I'm guessing not a lot of you wizards have experience in puppy linux?It's driving me insane. Doesn't have make, gcc, and all those other free programs.
, 
Is there a program that can automate keyboard input down to milliseconds? I'd like it to be able to run alongside other applications not just some raw shit written in powershell. I'm looking for some kind of software with input that can be PRESET and played back, not something that can be recorded and then played back.In other words, something that can do something like this:1.] W key hold for 300 ms2.] A key hold for 750 ms3.] Spacebar hold for 2 ms4.] S key hold for 2550 ms5.] etc.I want it for testing a simple game engine I'm working on and I'd really like to be able to simulate a player's movements while tweaking parts of said engine and seeing the EXACT changes due to any physics/gameplay tweaks.Freeware/Shareware/Premium doesn't matter--I'm seriously dying to know the answer to this. Anyone have suggestions/knowledge?
You couldn't google it to find out about AutoHotkey or AutoIt?I prefer AutoHotkey the community version; not that "official" hijacked bullshityou install it, create a new AHK script I believe once you launch it for the first time or maybe just install, a context menu item is put in the "New" menu; the right-click on desktop "New" menuI'll give you an example script with what you're looking for#EscapeChar \#NoEnv#SingleInstance Force#WarnCoordMode, Mouse, RelativeSendMode InputSetWorkingDir %A_ScriptDir%Insert::Loop, 1 { SendInput {W down} Sleep 300 SendInput {W up} SendInput {A down} Sleep 750 SendInput {A up} SendInput {Space down} sleep 2 SendInput {Space up} SendInput {S down} sleep 2550 SendInput {S up}}Save the script. Launch the script. Press your "insert" key. You can modify the loop count to make it loop multiple times. There's tons of other shit you can do too.
Change your input function/class/whatever to something that returns something like that.
Thank you, I'll look into it! And yes I did google, I guess I just suck...
By the way, there are multiple "SendMode" methods. "Input" is usually best; it's instant.class="prettyprint"SendInput and SendPlay use the same syntax as Send but are generally faster and more reliable. In addition, they buffer any physical keyboard or mouse activity during the send, which prevents the user's keystrokes from being interspersed with those being sent. SendMode can be used to make Send synonymous with SendInput or SendPlay. For more details about each mode, see SendInput and SendPlay below.
Much obliged.
Another nifty thing about autohotkey is that it comes with au3_spy.exe. That's very useful for figuring out where your mouse is. Use the "relative" co-ords. You can do things likeInsert::Loop, 1 {MouseMove 300, 600 ; Move to 300x 600ysleep 25MouseClick, leftsleep 300MouseMove 800, 600 ; Move to 800x 600ysleep 25MouseClick, rightsleep 200}Then again you could always just guess. The more you use it the more able you'll be to guess the co-ords; I used to use autohotkey in MMOs to make repetitive tasks easy. You can even setup some pretty complicated shit.One last thing - Autohotkey does support variables and even functions.
Thanks for taking the time to give me this information. I've saved it all and I intend to put it all to good use right now.
If you want an example of a semi-complicated-but-amateurish scriptsomething I made for Sid Meier's Civ V a looong time ago. Probably would've done things differently now.
I can't thank you enough, so very appreciated. This has been exactly hat I needed.
