, 
So, /g/, tell me what college you go to / went to, and if you already graduated, what your job is right now.Pic related, currently attending.
I live in Norway so we don't really have colleges, but I specialized in becoming an electrician and ended up working in a windfarm. I'm earning more than my parents at an age of 21 so I can't complain.
Computer Science Major: junior with a year left.American university which shall remain nameless but, plays Division 2 football.Jobsprevious job that was held for 8 months:car dealership parts department for shitty nissans:new job Social media data analytic     I've never gotten a job I've applied for people have come to me.
I went to two colleges and dropped out.I might give it another go this fall.
best advice is to send out applications to any place, hell even flip signs on the side of the road. you have to have a job to get a better one.
college you went topitt, funnily enoughjobnuclear engineer for westinghouse
What is Malt liquor? Beer? I know its an amerifag thing.
Studied: Computer engineer Job right now : Computer engineer on a multinacional money transfer company mmm is nice
48386588 its the shit there is a whole culture around it. it's basically beer just brewed differently typical malt liquors are 6% by volume.40 oz of beer in 10 minutes is an actual challenge.  
Currently enrolled at Cal Poly Pomona.Studying electrical engineeringLooking for a nice job at Wendy's or something.
Texas State. No, not UT, UT's retarded cousin. I am now at IBM.
Wendy went to shit when their old man CEO died.
Better brace your anus for HP-UX.
I was a total fuckup in HS, moved out as soon as I turned 18, left home and lived in my tent for about a year in Socal. Ended up getting a job in the maintenance crew at a top 10 university. Being around college made we want to go back to school and I started taking courses at a community college while I joined the National Guard. Eventually I transfer to said top 10 uni but ended up dropping out mostly due to my wanting to deploy and it causing too much conflict with school. Ended up getting at job at the university as a RA, did that for a few years then left to join a small HFT firm helping to roll out a microwave transmission network. Now I work for an aerospace company overseeing precision manufacturing and I started a small custom furniture and metalworking fabrication business.
IBMenjoy getting laid off in 3 years
Sounds like life turned out pretty well in the end for you anon.
It did, although I still really regret not taking HS more seriously and ultimately not finishing up my college degree. I basically made a choice between frequent deployments or school and I felt that with the physical nature of my job in the military, time was ticking and so I chose that route. Then I got lucky with a series of opportunities that I couldn't pass up that kept me from going back. I do intend to go back at some point though, I'll be the old man in class. Life would have been much easier though if I wasn't starting from so far behind.
Kek
weird. i had a similar story as fuckup in high school, moved out at 17 and lived with my aunt and uncle while i pieced my life back together. Went to a CC for 5 years before transferring to an okay-tier UC, got a pair of bachelors degrees averaged like 28 units per quarter over 2 years, got into a top 5 university for my PhD program. Finishing up my first year now.I had some shit jobs though. high school sports photography it's a lot of running and schlepping, retail inventory guy, sweeping freight docks, selling vacuums door to door. But I got out from under that.
Computer Science degree in Germany,work as SW Engineer for Siemenslife is ok
Also, since this is /g/, the topic will be really bland. Everyone has done the same pretty much.
What was your GPA? That was kinda my dream school and I didn't get in.
Aarhus University studying chemistry. Main interest is organic/theoretical.I like it.
tfw can't decide between STEM and humanities
It shouldn't be that tough to choose between stable employment choices and starbucks m8
collegeSullivan technology & designplan on majoringNetwork securityideal careerNetwork security analyst or admin
Metropolitan State University of DenverMajoring in CS with a few semesters left. Hate programming/computers but it will pay the bills and enable me to pursue my hobbies until I find something worth going back to school for.
Is STEM really getting flooded? Should I just rob banks instead?
Yes
blah blah blahperson with dumb opinions
Fmr. Biomedical Engineering at George Mason University.Will be at a top 20 medical school soon, wont say which because the class is small and I'll probably be identifiable.
Third year of Physics in PaduaItaly
Show me all the wonderful employment statistics for humanities graduates then.Oh that's right, there aren't any
Currently attending Imperial College London, studying aeronautical engineering
and if I go to /lit/ they'll defend it just as ferventlythe employment isn't that much worse anyway, that stuff only applies to complete retards on both sides
soul crushing workload90% menfull of asiansSounds like a great place to be
Data capsipv4Static IPsSpeeds below 50/50
tfw ISP finally rolling out IPv6 this year
upgrade from 10 to 50 mbitlose ipv6 in the process
Whats the problem with ipv4?
ipv6 aka tracking ip
tfw symmetrical connections cost a fucking fortune in most parts of the us
Is there any actual benefits to a static IP?
What's wrong with 100/40?
stuck on a 20/5 that is actually a 5/0.7 with no possibility to upgrade
You're both Australian? Seems like the kinda bullshit telstra rolls out. "Super fast broadband!" it's 50/1
I'm german actually.I think unsymetric internetspeeds are rather common here. Usually that much upload isn't needed. Even 40up is top of the line over here.
I live in the woods and I'm stuck with 6/1 that's really 1/0.3
Well I have 120KB up, it takes a few hours to upload to youtube and most cloud services are too painful to use. I'd be happy with 25/25 ;_;
I used to have 1/0.1 up until december.Can you imagine how painfuk that was? Uploading small PDFs for college hoemwork was nerve wrecking and doing anything besides basic surfing with anyone else in the internet was horrible.
not knowing that the mafia is behind the push for ipv6 so that there's no longer any ambiguity as to who is tied to what ip adress, for lawsuit purposes
Have you even read the RFC?
besidesData capsandStatic IPsit just werks™what do i need a faster connection for anyway? and ipv4 hasn't caused me any problems, they're easier to type and remember, too
I pay extra to have a static IP. No caps, ipv6 and 75/75 however.
I have a static IPv4 address, 180k upload and 1M download. At least I'm allowed to use port 80.
mobile data capslow speeds
paying extra so you can be tracked even easier
I pay extra to have a static IP.enjoy your 4chan bans and ddos children
Static IP is good for hosting
And you're delusional if you believe carrier grade nat gives you any privacy
I don't get banned because I don't do anything that warrants a ban. DDOS has no effect on me, I don't provide a service to anybody so it's easy for me to drop unwarranted traffic.
It's not the fact that you want to be tracked, it's the fact that you want to pay for it.Instead you could just use a trip just like me ;^
I get dynamic ipv4 and ipv6. Static is opt-in and 3USD extra.
static IPsbadYou obviously don't run a server OP. I pay additional money to have a static IP.
Screaming animu girl here. Italian.Periferic area of a 200k people city.Lines are 40 years old, very distant from the cabinet last house of a dead end road.All the lines belong to the same company who rents band to the other companies.They always oversell too.It's a fucking nightmare.
I am in Australia and I get 15/0.5Feels badNBN will be here in like a year at least
tfw 1000/1000 due to ftth on the countryside programThere are more moose than people in my area, still got better broadband than most :D
No datacapsStatic IP free good for server security since i block all but my IP and my friends IPthis cancerous speed though
:Poor you anon!!!!! :Your ping is so high!!!! :You have very bad internet connectivity which is cancerous! :Fuck off m8 you shit-talker
Do you live on top of the mount Everest?
200km range. 500mbit. There solved your problems Australia.
I wish,The shorter distance from me and the satellite orbiting the fucking earth would reduce my pingMount Everest probably has NBN already,K I L L     .      M E
I use ATT fiber and I got 60/20 which is actually 60/20 here in Florida.
HURR IPV6 IS FOR TRACKINGRead the RFCs, and try doing something without NAT-avoidance shit built in over IPv4.  IPv6 is long overdue.
Why couldn't they just use numbers instead of hex in ipv6 ;_;
ipv4bad thingGood luck trying to evade your bans if you're on ipv6
Paying 18€ for 100/6 + phone. Bretty gud I'd say.
Are you retarded or just like pretending?
shilling IPv6For what purpose?
There are people on /g/ RIGHT NOW who are actually against IPv6I refuse to believe anyone is this retarded.
some fear what they cannot subnet
Data capsLolnoipv4YesStatic IPsNoSpeeds below 50/50Download is around 10-11 Megabytes/sUpload around 3-4 Megabytes/s
att kl 19:00 meddelar Appletm hur de kommer att påverka ditt liv. Samt spotifies död.
, 
Have you reserved your free copy of Windows 10?
Hurry up they might run out!
Go ahead, it's all yours my friend!
Hey /g/,I'm coming to you because I got problems with pic related.It all started more or less two days ago. The first signs of a major defect it didnt open the camera or shut off 1-3 times before in 2 years, bot nothing worth mentioning was when I wanted to turn off the screen by pressing the power button shortly, it went off and right back on again so that I saw the lockscreen. If i tried to turn the display off again, it was the same thing again. I had to press the button like 3 times till it the screen was off.Same thing if i tried to wake it up. Brief pressing of button. Quick lightip of the display and dark again.Now last night it got even worse. My phone just turns off randomly and rastarts again. sometimes only giving me the brief vibration, showing the google logo, vibrating again and showing the google logo again.. If it managed to start and I put in my PIN it sometimes works for some minutes or even close to an hour but shuts off again. i tried managed to get into the bootmenue and did that 'soft recover' i dont remember the name but it did not help. I then managed to perform the factory reset aswell, but I still have the same problems.I feel like there are some issues with the power button, the contacts with it or the 'on-off process' if there is such a thing. Since it all is related to actions performed by that one button.tl;dr:nexus 5 turns off randomly in normal use and also in the bootmenue. sometimes it tries to start on its own againIt also restars over and over with following pattern:shows google logo with short vibrationturns blackshows google logo with short vibrationturns black......I tried resetting it.Did someone experience those issues aswell and/or knows how to fix them?
Did you root it and then it updated to  a new Android version. It could be a boot loop.
I dont think it started right after an update. That's what you are asking, right? I'm not entirely sure tho.I don't think I would also be able to get to the homescreen and use the phone for some time, if it was a bootloop, right?I'm currently trying to capture a webcam video which shows all the errors, maybe that will help identifying the issue.
, 
Im the administrator of a School in canadaim in charge of everything IT relatedASK ME ANYTHING.
how much bitcoins does your cluster make a day?
how much bitcoins does your cluster make a day?none ATM. i wanted to set one up in another school but the pc where just too old. im not into bitcoin anymoreputting everything i had into PND
has a kid ever worked his way into your system without permission using neet skills?how often do kids try access /b/ while in school?do the kids treat you like shit or like a god?
how did you get your jobi'm in canada and being the admin of a school seems like a nice comfy job
How do you tell if someone is surfing porn?
How many simple PCs CPU mining would you need running to get a non-null amount?
Not yet. but im still new at this school.i didnt check for /b/ yetGod
Im the administrator of a SchoolAre you the headmaster? Principal? Administrator of what?
do some of the kids act like they know more than you because they built a computer and used buntu once?
Like all the school computers combined through the US?CPU mining is dead.So is GPU.
Find the hidden message.23151811D2119
, 
OK my PC is fucked up big time.Whenever I try to turn on I get this screen.
And all I can do is go on Firmware manager screen and then reset back.Pls halp.
And you didn't do what the screen asked you to do because...?
Thanks for telling us champ.Maybe you should read what's on the screen.If you can do that I might give you one of these good job stickers.
I load the Windows CD and restart, then no matter what I do I get back on the first screen.
I'm a pretty big computer buff, I'd advise you to buy a new computer.
Do what it says. Windows needs repaired.
What exactly did you do? Did you hit the "Repair computer" button?
choose boot from cd
summer is coming
Btw originally I was getting this.I was able to use Startup Repair and it said it couldn't repair the PC... then I started getting the pic in the OP.
Just boot into the installation DVD,press Shift+F10 and then write:bootrec /rebuildbcdbcdedit /export c:\bcdbackupattrib c:\boot\bcd -h -r -sren c:\boot\bcd bcd.oldbootrec /rebuildbcdAnd then reboot. If you wrote them correctly each command at a time then it should boot into Windows. I had this problem and fixed it the same way./threadJust because the BCD is missing he doesn't need to buy a new PC. He just has to do what I posted above. I had this problem too and fixed it doing
enter install diskselect the fix my computer option / other option in one of the installation stepswait for it to finishif it doesn't boot, try the fix again, it can take 3-4 times to fix everything
To boot from the CD don't I just have to press F11 as the PC is starting?I get F11 to run Boot Menu andDel for bios Setup.I tried with both and still get sent to the first screen in the OP...
Yes,press F11,then select DVD-ROM or whatever optical drive you have
Can someone explain me why people are helping him?
It's more satisfying than saying "install gentoo" with a witty anime picture and sitting back smug about how hilarious we are.
If mashing f11 doesn't provide you the option get into the bios and check your boot sequence setup.I had a similar error and checked some guides and did pretty much what  instructs.
Because that's what humans should do to each other.
He clearly has no intention of putting any effort into it, he just wants to be spoonfed. Well there is a thread  for stupid questions + the rules clearly state that /g/ is not your personal techsupport.
Time to head to the Geek Squad,  OP!  They have magic fingers
So...I'm I on the right track? What the hell
HAVING UEFI ENABLED

hell is real.
0xc000000fsegfaulting in a operative systemBRAVORAVO
You're supposed to boot into the Windows 7 DVD.
Actually it's more effort socially speaking to ask humans for help instead of googling it to find the exact same solution.Plus it benefits people directly. Those who helped them can feel useful, those who asked are helped and those who refuse to help can feel superior. win/win/win-situation.the rules clearly state that /g/ is not your personal techsupport.rules stomping down any form of social interaction besides showing off consumist stuff, posting memes or getting butthurt mad over preferrng a brand over another of the exact same shitthat's typical for rules
Don't feed the birds
What the hell?
the rules clearly state that /g/ is not your personal techsupportI don't like the rule either, but you have to realize that /g/ could just turn into tech support board instead of discussion/circle jerking/shilling technology. I wish to be a helpful anon too but anything that a /g/tard knows can be googled as far as tech support for common windows problems goes. With things like Linux it's a little different.
0xc000000fI love Windows error messages.Is this segfault :^ ?
4chanthe rulesnot going to be bothered mounting my TC drive with all my reaction pics, but trust me, there would have been a laughing man right to the left of this shit
Computer is telling you what to doWAT DO I DOOOO GUISE????
HAHAH YOU GUYS ARE ACTUALLY HELPING HIM!!!!!hahahahaha he's a fucking windows user and he doesn't understand what a bcd is and he's too lazy to Google it hahahhahahahahagah holy shit Op, literally kill yourself, you are so fucking retarded, I bet this is your first computer or something
this
Why are we helping someone with tech on a tech support board?
If I help this poor lil fellow I bet he will start being interested in technology and will contribute to this board : I'm sure he is not just a gamerfratboi who wants his "computer to be fixed"
people telling him to follow the instructionsWhen the fuck did the automatic windows repair EVER work?The first thing you learn is that it's always completely pointless and that you got to google that shit up because there are always some obscure commands you have to run in a command prompt
still thinking 4chan is le edgy anachistic sekrit klubEither you're new or retarded.
 there are always some obscure commands you have to run in a command promptconfirmed for being too retarded to even follow instructions.
Obscure commands that have already been posted here .You are right though, Windows Repair through the disk will likely not fix the bcd file magically, you need to rebuild it through the command line in the recovery environment.
never said that, not even one of the people helping him. Nice try thoughTo a lot of teens it still is, so yes it is really. literally the majority of rules are completely forgotten on a minutely basis with all the posts coming in
Nigga wut?
Computer is clearly telling him windows is fucked, therefore if the screen instructions don't work reboot from the BIOS. Fucking millenials I swear.
new OS XWindows and Linux BTFO once againnew iOSAndroid BTFO once againupdates on Swiftother programming languages BTFO once againnew streaming music serviceSpotify, Pandora, etc BTFO once againwhat else?
Swiftgoodfunny how people shit on google for go but no one says shit about swift despite it being a complete nightmare and indeed slower than go anyway despite speed being "important" in the development of swift
Shitpost the thread
What time is WWDC?
4 and a half hours
What exactly don't you like about it, except of muh speed?
Despite not being an apple guy I do enjoy watching these sessions.
The only time when Apple BTFO's someone is when they present their sales. Stop shitposting and go back drinking your starbucks coffee.
New wdc, new bait threadSerously who gives a fuck about apple and google in techthey are blog and normie material these days... stock driven, they are not tech now
Pretty sure they'll show-off their watch's sales on this event.android wear BTFO
implying any startup company with new/cool technology can resist Apple/Google/Microsoft's bucks
And once they do, its ogre6 months of 'everything is going to be the same', and another competitor/idea shelvedApple & google dont give a fuck about the tech crowd, they went mainstream years agoselling 1k facebook and whatsapp devices, to get ads or store cut and cloud revenuebye sd card slotbYe local contentHELLO feature stripping and graphically demanding interfaces and effects to render your device obsolete
B-but m-muh innovation!Muh blue texts!Muh social status!God, I'm so thankful I don't reside in the US.
Thoughts on Apple supposedly offering Kanye West double his net worth 200 million dollars for the exclusive rights to his next album?
They already own the whole music industry, so it doesn't surprise me.
the world's most advanced operating system won't drop wifi anymore
world's most advanced operating system.Do they really say that shit?
Yes, they do.
x got btfo by y because a lot more idiots bought this overpriced crap :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Well, they are the kings of the buzzwords after all.
So /g/, please tell me when is Apple finally doomed?
other programming languages BTFO once againI came here to laugh at you.
Your tears is delicious.
Your breath smells like cum. Maybe that's because you have Apple products?
only plebs use AppleShill BTFO once again
Say what you want about Apple, i'm a flipper and currently Apple Watch is my goldmine, making easy $10K every week just from flipping that shit since last april.
How does one watch the stream on Windows? I've tried most of the things posted and none worked previously.
am i going to wake up tomorrow and find out anything interesting or is this conference a load of boring shit?
I'm glad iOS 9 will be more of a performance update rather than "lets see how much shit we can add to fuck up with the previous models"
You never know, Sony Vaios used to be the shit back then and look at Sony now.
Sorry, I'm not really into gay fashion accessories and the life of a street hooker.
being an iSheep
WWDC is always heavy on software related news, so it's a boring shit, but at least not as bad as I/O.
Swift is worse than objc and objc is fucking terrible.
College student who works retail for pocket change and make $1k a week.While by no means I like wasting my money even though most of you will accuse me of doing so by having a rMBP and iPhone, is the Apple Watch worth it if I like the Apple ecosystem?
Is there even a way to watch that stuff if you don't want to install safari on your pc?  Normally apple are total cucks when it comes to that.
Apple TV or just install safari and uninstall once you're done. Maybe you can catch it on twitch or other streaming websites who knows.
Buy a real watch not some smartwear shit. The technology is not ready yet.
Get out from here both of you, this is not a dub /thread.
So you can shitpost on /g/ and get a sense of belonging?
I don't think it even works with safari on windows, it has to be safari on mac.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with having cum in your mouth. It's just protein and sugar.
That's his net worth? He deserves much more
Aside from smartwatch, Apple watch is actually good enough for fashion accesories, and i'm not Apple biased, i have TAG, Panerai and Rolex after all.
Nah, if it's Safari, it works on both OS. I've watched on Windows before.
More universal apps, big push for universal apps, calling it now. Check out that logo. screencap
That's great for you but the point is that the apple watch only succeeded because of its retarded status symbol and marketing hype
Sony dug its own grave due to poor management and shitty marketing. Really sad to see Sony die like this where they are riding off gaystation and Sony pictures while slowly killing everything else off.
So, I just got this. What should I do with it? Rockbox is installed.I'll be honest I'm not overly impressed with it so far. It seems nice, but the fonts and screen are so small.
being blind
Can't really do much about the screen size but there are different fonts and font sizes included in Rockbox.I got one too, I use ito listen to music when I'm on the go.
he fell for /g/ memesI bet you actually installed gentoo as well.
listening to musicFuck off back to /mu/
Yeah I know, but it's either have it small enough so it's usable for finding songs, or big so it scrolls across the screen, which isn't ideal, especially when the artist have a long name. I'm not blind, but the screen is tiny. That is undeniable. The only saving grace so far is all the options I have for audio.
Bigger fonts. I too have a Sansa, and I don't think it is meant to impress. It's simply really practical, small, nice. It saves your phone's battery too.
yeah that's tiny. should have gotten the clip zip.
I never got it, why does everyone want Sansa Clips over everything else?Why not a Fuze?does all the same shit, better scroll, bigger screen
also slimmer and not shit plasticback is rubberized metal
Put a pokemon or mario rom on it
stick a shit ton of music on itput it on randomuse it when you go out...
its main flaws are the shape of the buttons and the type of screenbeing in the shade
Clip Zip was discontinuedI'm so fucked when this thing dies
iPod nano masterrace reporting in
IShill plebeian race who likes to be fucked in the ass by iJewnes
So this is the new Clip+.Will /g/ love it?
Report out, you scumbag nigger capitalist pig dog vomit anthrax inducing shitpile.
Looks the same as the sport, and wasn't that one shittier compared to the 2 others?
I had that one in green.It was pretty cool but I don't like the buttons and the scroll wheel for the volume.Watching videos on it is fun but the tiny screen is not comfortable, the camera is not very good either and shit like that drains the batteries too.Fuck itunes, I hate that shit.
Sport can't be Rockboxed.That's a pretty big downside compared to the other 2.
Haha they actually went back from the Clipzip's square color display?
The fonts are fine by default it's just Rockbox' retarded UI making them tiny.PS why are you even using Rockbox on something that supports drag and drop file transfer and FLAC out of the box? That's like jailbreaking an Android phone.
there are only a couple of reasons for getting the clipbeing a cheap autist caring about muh placebo flac, or wanting it for running/working out as it clips on to your shorts or whatever and you dont notice it at all
why are you even using RockboxSo I can play snake on it.
the nano was the best thing they did, that's why they discontinued it so fastsmall, thin, robust
actually the classic was the bestnano was good too in fairness
buy a couple used ones while they're still aroundi got mine refurbed
It has a great equalizer. Good for headphone correction.Why is it so rare for more expensive players? I know Apple has some, but why no one else?
, 
Note 4 is still best smartphone on the market.
Wrong faggot, it's the nokia lumia 1520
nokiabaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahhahah
Trying to start a shill thread early on a Monday
Today, the singles speak the truth. Also, OP confirmed straight.
Windows Phone
Why is this controller so fucking ugly?
ask /fa/, they probably know why.
Yeah, it should had been glossy white with a single button./v/I don't usually say this but it's pretty applicable in this case.
Who cares other than Mac users?
that one lonely analog stickL-lewd.
If they'd have made a normal controller there would be absolutely zero interest in it whatsoever.They had to do something gimmicky to give people any reason at all to glance at it instead of just buying a 360/ps4/bone controller for pc.
Not entirely this reason. They primarily want to sell the steam platform - games, not the controller or the box.The problem this controller solves is to be reasonably keyboard and mouse compatible, but applicable for console gamers.That is, couch-sitting, with no space for keyboard and mouse.Those touch surfaces are partly to emulate mouse control.
I have a better question. Why is it so useless? Look at me I'm gaben, yeah let me throw out everything that's better about a gamepad over a M&KB and replace it with two retarded circular touchpads.
It isn't ugly, you stupid sack of shit. Its the next step in the evolution of controllers. You are looking at the best controller ever made
Wasn't there a touchscreen in the middle?
While that makes sense, I feel like people playing games without proper controller support is a pretty limited use case for the couch-based steambox users they're anticipating.
What happened to the entire steambox thing and the controllers?I remember a couple years ago when they came out with SteamBoxes and SteamOS and that shitty controller that had the two discs on the back side. I guess nobody was interested?
I think they scrapped it because it was a useless gimmick and/or it would have made it too expensive
I want to at least know what its like to use one. It looks reasonably comfortable to hold, at the very least.I doubt those pads could actually similate the actual responsiveness of a mouse, and the lack of a d-pad means this is in no way a solution for all gaming tasks.The lack of any additional inputs over a typical xbox controller also means it wont solve any of the keybinding issues we already face today.Still, id reserve judgement until i at least try it out.
Better question is why it is so fucking expensive?
because everyone on /g/ is a weeb ricer, and will scream bloody murder if they can't sticker their shitty waifu all over it.The pads are a cool idea.
$50literally the same price as any other controller for 8th gen consoles or whatever we're on right now
Yes, that's quite possibly right.But I have the impression that they're also kinda hoping that people will go "but with the Xbox / PS4 / ... controller, I feel right at home on all other games", and the PC game makers doing more actual controller support eventually.They however obviously couldn't release a Steambox with half the games inaccessible without keyboard & mouse, and they couldn't have an appealing platform if they just erased everything without proper controller support giant outrage and hate.
Every current controller costs this much. And this controller is arguably slightly more advanced in terms of what it has. [Not necessarily going to make gaming on it greater, but it's a little more complex.]
I believe you could use the left trackpad as a dpad replacement in some way, hence the dpad shape imprinted on it. Though it probably won't be the same as an actual dpad. Pic related, why has nobody managed to create a dpad as good as this?
the lack of a d-pad means this is in no way a solution for all gaming tasks.The left trackpad acts as a d-pad. Look closely.
It's a piece of shit. Everyone who has tried it was not enthusiastic, said it controlled weird and serves little use. The XYAB is placed akwardly, and for mouse movement it feels like playing on a crappy laptop trackpad.If every single shilling reviewer asks out loud on the showfloor what this is useful for, you just know it's a horrible product.
thisPeople are fucking blind when it comes to looking into futureThis thing will become industry standard in few years. Surely braindead normies will argue "hurr durr, I'm used to old ones". Well fucktards were able to transition from NES controller to current ones, so they will also get used to this new iteration in evolution of controllers.
acts as a d-padThat's like saying a touchscreen "acts as a keyboard"
Most quality input devices cost this much.Sorry you're not getting your ZHONGSTICK JOYMACHINE 2-POINT TOUCH HAPPY BUTT YES for $5.
mean anything if it controls like shit. It isn't even a case of getting used to newer controls. Looking around on a trackpad is inherently shitty.
I think they scrapped it because it was a useless gimmicYou shittalking based sony design?
Looking around on a trackpad is inherently shitty.why would you want to play a shooter with a controller?I don't see how having a display that small would help anyit'd be like that logitech keyboard that has a lot of software but no one really cared about
As somebody who used to stand behind dualshock with my life, the touchscreen on the DS4 is useless battery wasting shit.
find out with this one neat trick
The prices for console input evices went way too much up somewhere around 6th and 7th gen for worse build quality that doesnt even last half a year of normal playing.
implying looking around with a stick isnt shitAnalog stick is better for moving around and driving, this is why there is one on the left side.But aiming with a stick is shitty, this is why there is aim assist in console games. Im not saying they wont use assistwith this though
futureimplying this piece of garbage is the future
yep, that's exactly my implication
I didnt even know one could have so shitty opinions
In 2008 normies disagreed with my opinion that Android will get major market share.Now I try to avoid humiliating them with the fact that they were wrong as fuck.
That's what you're looking at right now.
It has two buttons on the bottom
I always had the idea of making the two touchpads a touchscreen. I guess this is the closest they're gonna but this might even feel better too though
The best d-pad was the saturn one. Why did you leave us sega?
couple years ago when they came outAre you from future?Shit comes out in November 2015
I play fighting games so i have no use for thas really. What audience does that controller have?
What audience does that controller have?Idiots and steam usersSo basically just idiots
Typical casual gamers. What else? It's a typical gamepad.If you prefer your gamepad, use that.
You seem to know a lot about a product that hasn't been released yet...
Do you feel particularly clever for using another store application, or what?
Fuck off to /v/
You seem to act quite defensive towards a product that hasn't been released yet...
go back to your containment board you stupid fuck
Is there a file format that saves the most recent version of a file as the base and then stores a series of deltas to go back to the original, like a stack of undos?Pic unrelated
Smalltalk images
Would it be practical to implement that, say, for a text editor?
In modern times, with widely available file versioning on every OS? No. It would also break every piece of software that takes in those file formats. You can't just graft diffs onto .txt and still have .txt. Vim wouldn't know how to parse the HEAD from older versions without a plugin.
Right. More or less what I'm asking though is if there is such a thing at all. If not, I'm going to write a plugin or an editor that will do this.Starting with the base and then computing all the deltas seems ass backward to me.
If not, I'm going to write a plugin or an editor that will do this.How do you plan to store deltas for say a cpp file within the file itself and still hope to pass it to Clang? It just won't compile, as it won't be valid cpp.
For one, it could be a bundle in a directory with the current version of the file as text and the delats as a second file.But I was just thinking of keeping a special kind of file type where the editor could export plain text when asked to but otherwise store it that way.
VMS
it'd be cooler to do it as a filesystem, and just use it for small parts of your system such as where you store documents
Right. More or less what I'm asking though is if there is such a thing at all. If not, I'm going to write a plugin or an editor that will do this.Starting with the base and then computing all the deltas seems ass backward to me.UFS 
Do you want binary?xdelta, rdiffDo you want text?patch
git's packfile
so basically git
ZFS, Btrfs, HAMMER, fossil...
class="quote"8GB GDDR5Enjoy you're rebrands
picturednext weekupcoming eventsoonmost likelyprobablyjust waitAnd thats the 390X
i waited 9 months for this shitshould have just bought a 970
KEK, right on XFX's own pageAMDPOORFAGS, ENJOY YOUR REBRANDS
I'm waiting for the official announcement.Even if they just upgrade all the chips to be gcn 1.2, they'll be perform much better.I might finally upgrade from my 6970.XFX
This is shit tier shilling. Can you get any more obvious nvidia?
Which is old news.It's fucking obvious that there will be 390x 8GB GDDR5 and 390x 4GB HBM with a slightly diferent name.And I'll buy the 390x GDDR5 over the 980 for sure if the HBM version is too expensive.I'll enjoy that rebrand.
I'll enjoy that rebrand.AMD fans everyone.
I'm probably going to switch to Nvidia and get a 980ti non reference unless AMD pulls some shit out of their ass with the fury.
Give me a single reason why I wouldn't want the 8GB version over the 980 without resorting to maymays?And no, It will be my only my second AMD card :^
Not bad if it's actually GCN 1.2. Ain't no more Witcher 3 Tesselation problems no mo
Only at Best BuyKek
Back in 2010 no one would have believed that there would be gaming video cards with 8GB of RAMThis shit is unreal
Because the 980 and 980Ti are both more powerful than the 290X. 4GB of VRAM doesn't change that.
But if the 390X is 10-15% better than the 290X, and indeed comes with GCN 1.2, it'll be on par/better than the 980 and probably really close or matching the 980Ti, with more VRAM and for a lower price tag.So no, that's not a reason.
I lek'd what a perfect screencrapon par with "I recognize that gay blowjob"
Hawaii means GCN 1.1If they could have updated it they would have down it 1 year ago instead of being kicked in the ass by Maxwell
Or, you know, keep it for when they actually release a new GPU lineup, like the 300's.
Ill break it down for the tardsFuryXT/PRO/MIcrothe new "titan" series for AMD this is Fiji its gonna have the first gen HBM Modules at it will be used mainly for 4K and VR headsetsAlot of retards have confused this chipset with the 390X they are not the same and never were390Xa 290X on steroids they cant get away with a re-brand of hawaii so the card will be modified for more performance so expect this chip to perform faster than a 980 the binned nonX version should be about 980 speed380XTonga on steroids they upgraded the 256 bit bus to 384-bit and upgraded to 4gb of GDDR5 this is their direct fuck you to the gtx 970 and will wipe the floor with itThe 7970-7950 cards are finally being discontinued and this new tonga supercard is taking their place this is going to be the must have card in the midrange basically what everyone thought the gtx970 was gonna be before it turned out to be a defective peice of shit
I certainly hope you're right. I could go for a 380x right about now.
Your, you fucking faggot.
Yeah the "rebrand" meme is really being pushed hard at the moment
Wrong, it's straight up rebrand, AMD can't afford to modify the chip by spending money considering they keep losing money every quarterIt's slower than 980 yet AMD wants $449-$499 for it, good luck with that
I'm really glad I got a cheap 290X now.
so much shilling
enjoy you are rebrandsNvidia cucks, ladies and gentlemen.
No but DX12 changes that.Boy I can't wait for the DX12 push when your shit, overheating 3.5gb meme cards are put to shame
You can't "upgrade" a chip to a newer arch. That would be a new chip. This is hawaii as we know it, probably with a metal layer respin.
there won't be a single chip with HBM and GDDR5 interface. This here simply is a hawaii rebrand, the cards with fiji will get a different name.
no way the binned hawaii will be faster than the 980. And even for the fully featured one GM 204 is hard to beat. I doubt the 390X will be faster than a 980.384Bit4GByeah, no. Also we don't know if we'll see tonga cards with  384bit interface considering they have never used the chip in that configuration before, not even for the firepro version. Tonga is a strange chip after all, way to big for the hardware we know it has.
The 285 was actually a gimped Tonga, if they put the full-powered one in the 380x then it will indeed assfuck the 970 extremely badly.Nothing has been announced yet, all we have are rumours and alleged card names found in the drivers - 3xx series could be OEM only, with 4xx launching soon, for all we know.
Still you can't simply "upgrade" a chip to a newer iteration of the arch it's build with. You basically need to build a new chip for that. We can see that they are shipping a shit ton of hawaii boards and boardpartnerversions of new hawaii cards are surfacing. This won't be a simple OEM series. It wouldnt even make sense, an OEM series with rebranded chips could have been startet months ago.
also no, fully featured Tonga won't "assfuck" the 970. Even the fully featured chip has only 32CUs, that's not enough. Fully featured tonga will be somewhere between the 960 and the 970.
What are you smoking?A full Tonga got SMOKED by a cutdown GTX 980Mmakes you think a fully enabled Tonga can even touch a GTX 970 with full desktop speed?
970 is a weird card.On the one hand its a piece of shit youll need to replace in two years.On the other hand its so cheap.980ti is master race though. Going to give it two month and make a new build.
lower price tagAMD has made it clear they are tired of being pooorfag solution. You're not getting it cheap if it performs well.
That is an awfully low clocked tonga though. But you're right, tonga won't be a counterpart for the 970 in any way.
I love you all
mfw AMD are going to be selling Pitcairn for the fourth year in a row
I think people misinterpreted this. They wanted stop being the low performance, 'good if you're on a tight budget' build solution.This doesn't necessarily mean they're going to start pricing things on Nvidia's jewish and unreasonable levels, but it definitely means that they actually want fully competitive products.Besides this was more specific to the CPU sector
WTF Only one HDMI out?
It's amazing how badly mismanaged AMD isAnyone with half a brain can see that you need to incorporate the latest tech from Tonga to your entire GPU range to stay competitiveNot AMD though
REBRANDS OF REBRANDSWhat the fuck are AMD doing? Are they on the verge of bankruptcy or what?
Oh, right. I suppose I did misinterpret it. I always forget about their CPUs. 8350 is such a god tier budget CPU. But I really do think their GPUs will be expensive.
They would if they could, it's a money issue. They can't afford to tape out new dies for their whole lineup.
and that would cost money and manpower AMD currently simply doesn't have available. Do you know what a set of masks for 28nm HPP/SHP costs? A lower 8 digit sum. And then you still need the manpower to develop that GPU. And the manpower to maintain its drivers.AMD is focussing it's R&D on 2016. New node, HBM commonly available, interposers cheaper and especially zen and K12. Except for carrizo and Fiji we won't see anything new this year, and that's somewhat understandable.
$300+ video cardonly 1 HDMI2 FUCKING DVI PORTS THAT NOBODY IN THEIR RIGHT MIND IS STILL USING
low quality render is low quality
Pretty sure DVI supports higher HZ.
This. It's 2015. All cards should come stock with 4 displayports and nothing else. If you need HDMI or DVI you buy monitors that aren't shit
DVI D is solid though. I just prefer something i can screw in
Don't expect retards to comprehend that. They'll only see what they want to see.
Long before their FAD, Lisa Su explicitly stated that AMD was shifting to a two year cycle for GPU arch. There will be a major revision, then a refresh.The Volcanic Islands arch just launched with Tonga, its being followed by Fury and Carrizo.The next big upgrade won't be until next year.It's fucking obvious that there will be 390x 8GB GDDR5 and 390x 4GB HBM with a slightly diferent name.No. Stop.Stop referring to unreleased SKUs by their incorrect names.Stop referring to the GCN arch by the stupid nomenclature that Anandtech invented.The new FIJI based GPU is called Fury, its a halo product like Nvidia's Titan.It is Volcanic Islands, like Tonga.This entire board needs to stop cling to clickbait news headlines.
AMD are incompetentNvidia are evils
The 290x beat the 970The 390x is a refresh of the 290x a rebrand is just changing the name and overclocking, we don't know how the card with HBM will be namedyou're a retard, like a big one seriouslyrebrandrefresh, a rebrand is just changing the name and overclockinga 290X on steroids they cant get away with a re-brand of hawaii so the card will be modified for more performance so expect this chip to perform faster than a 980not a rebrand, see above970 is a weird card.On the one hand its a piece of shit youll need to replace in two years.On the other hand its so cheap.And on the other side there is the 290x which has 4GB of fast VRAM, performs over the 970 not by much but still and is cheaperthey can't afford that.
nvidia momboard was goat tier
mfw was told in january to "wait for the 390x it's coming out in march and will have 8gb hbm" by /g/it's actually coming out in june and is just a rebrand with gddr5how is amd going to survive? Are they just betting everything on fury?
listening to the shit eating morons on this boardignoring what Hynix themselves had to say about the HBM modules they were producingignoring the fact that AMD never made a single statement about their new GPU until very recently taking the word of currytech believing shills to just regurgitate every fabricated clickbait headlineGet what you deserve.1. New products are always announced and unveiled at an industry trade show2. Nothing is official until its official 3. "Speculation" is code for "lies used to generate ad revenue"4. If you buy into the hype, you deserve to get burned
The card with HBM will have a different name. The 390x is an enhanced 290x, but we don't know how much changed apart from the VRAM.2. Nothing is official until its official That sentence remind me of the sentence "You're loosing until you win"
Get what you deserve.what? of course i didn't listen to the neckbeard amd shillsaren't the cards with HBM the "Fury" line?
aren't the cards with HBM the "Fury" line?Yeah, exactly, or at least it is rumoured to be like that but it's sure that the 390x will only have GDDR5. So the card with HBM will have another name but we don't know which one
I'm hyped for the Tonga. I might go ahead and upgrade my aging 670 if AMD delivers full Tonga. Then I'll blow all my money on Pascal and Artic Islands.
Nvidia releases rebrand:It's the same card $100 cheaperso goodbased NvidiaAMD releases rebrand:this is badAMD is evilDouble standard much?
tfw a said to /g/ than most of rumour from wccftech are truemfw I was right
nvidia releases rebrandsame card $350 cheaper for like 5-10% less performancethree months after release of original productamd releases rebrand while they're starving at 20% market share and desperately need something newlike two years after original releasethe only new and interesting cards will come after and are a titan-esque flagshipwhose saying amd is evil? they're just shit.
amd releases rebrandsee 
re-re-rebranded firehouse, more expansive, the same directx.If the 380x was the rebrand of 290x I'm ok but name the same series 290x=390x is a joke from AMD.
That's throttling to death and back due to shitty Apple trademark cooling
Thankfully they're in the same sort of position with their competitors pricing.They could charge $500 for an 8 core zen and still be undercutting intel's solution by HALF. If zen does in fact have haswell tier cores they'll easily be a real option.
spreading FUDHynix has never stated that the first gen HBM is limited to 1 gb per die, stop taking slides out of context
That isn't a marketing slide, it was from an technical conference. It was explicitly about their commercial ready known good stacks.Their highest capacity, commercial ready, known good stacks were 1GB. The reason why they showed off dual link interposers was to overcome the yield issues of larger stacks.First generation HBM modules are ONLY GOING TO BE 1GB. THATS IT.But since I know you're the same tech illiterate retard still spreading this misinfo, I know you're aware of all of this.
GT 740 was a rebrandGTX 760 was a rebrandGTX 770 was a rebrandOnly the $650 GTX 980 was newDoes this sound familiar?Must be OK when Nvidia does it.
*GTX 780
god, that looks hideoushopefully sapphire puts out some better-looking models
All these Nliedia faggots:New R9 Fury X HBM vs Titan XNew R9 Fury HBM vs GTX 980 TiR9 290x R9 390x GDDR5 vs GTX 980R9 290 R9 390 GDDR5 vs GTX 970So far if the Fury is going to be the same like 2x295 but with a singla card Reminder the $600 Dollar Dual-GPU beats the Titan X, it will win. Also complaining about RebrandsFury X  TitanFury ? 980 ti If the pricing is right390x  980 Since yall faggots gonna buy the 980 TI instead because fuck everything you got money390  970 43.5
DVI is technically superior to HDMI 1.3 for video usage.
My almost 3 year old gpu broke so I sent it back. Gigabyte want to send me a replacement of a similar model, but I wanna get a refund so that I can upgradeI know that consumer law says I can demand my choice of replacement or refund but I don't know what to say, exactly. Help?
I know EVGA has a refund policy. Turn your old GPU in for a new more recent one Not sure about AMD
I like it tbh
3 year oldcustomer lawunless you live in some socialist shithole there is no such law. If they replace it it's because of their own warranty and they make the rules for that.
Fury is not a bad deal if you think about it because you know it'll get rebranded for the next 4 years
As bitter as you are, you're still helping.I live in australia, btw
At least they're not shitting the bed with memes
it's a video card not a fashion show
4GB/8GB is the new 4/8MB ala '97In 3 years we'll have 32/64GB cards though mostly that'd be pro render farm stuff
Australian consumer law says that I can get a refund for a major failure.Gigabyte's warranty says that I can get a refund for a major failure.A major failure is defined as a failure that stops the device working as advertised. In my case, that's working at all.I dunno, I was just wondering if there is a particular line that I can quote to stop the big wigs at gigabyte from hard-balling me.
I meant to quote:
390x  980[citation needed]
DirectX 12 is a game changerthe raw synthetics of draw calling and polygons rendering on a 290X are slighter greater than on a TitanX in DX12what that means is that when those particular functions are applied to extreme levels in a ame and you have an API running to use that hardware prroperly a 290X will have performance that will soar to the point where the card is just behind a titanX in FPS somewhere areound where the 980ti is right nowfor all games right now this is meaningless and most new games it will be meaningless too because game devs wont be autistic enough to make an open world game with so much detail but if they ever did and an API was running you would see the 290X operating at 980ti levels due to its GCN architectureso when VR becomes widespread and game devs are forced to run crazy leveles of polygons to enchance the immersion  in a VR world AMD its essentially gonna become the VR GPU brand that everyone buysno fucking way nvidia can keep up their GM arch isnt built for it they can handle current VR standards but the next gen shit will destroy them thats why pascal is bragging about SLI support for X16 GPUs because thats what your gonna need to match 2-4 AMD cards running in Liquid VRAMD has been consistently losing tonvidia in the midrange despite having the better value cards because teenage gaymer faggots care more about marketing than substand so AMD management has decided they are gonna give up on midrange chips and focus solely on pushing Nvidia out of the enthusiast arenaso all the faggots spending their allowance money on a gaymer build will buy nvidia and all of the nerds with careers will spend thousands of dollars on an AMD VR rig to fuck their anime waifus
The amount of fanboy in this is palpable
that will be the new order of thingsNvidia got fucked hard by HBM
Where's the HBM?
expecting AMD to have it's shit togetherThey only reason they delayed a full announcement at Computex was because of the 980tiThey had to go and tweak it some more to try and get it competitive at that price point
Yeah but the 300 series was SUPPOSED to be the die shrink to FinFET with HBM.It's. Fucking. Nothing.
Rebrands are common though. With the 200 series AMD had like one new GPU and the rest were 7000 series rebrands.
All the fanboys are going to rush out and buy a 28nm card in fucking 2015 just because it has HBM, when less than a year later Nvidia will come out with 16nm Pascal cards with HBM Gen2 memory that will wreck everything
WHEN WILL YOU BOYS LEARN IT IS ALL THE SAME SHIT. EVERY-FUCKING-YUEAR.
when less than a year later Nvidia will come out with 16nm Pascal cards with HBM Gen2 memory that will wreck everythingthat includes the person who bought the 980Ti
nvidia doing something that complicatedat least we get a few new nvidia memes
Because most of the people on /g/ today just barely finished building their first PC
FTW already there bro.
Seriously tho, the GM200 gpu is the last gasp for Nvidia on 28nm and using GDDR5The die is at it's physical size limit, thermal limit and the memory is at it's max clock of 8000mhz when overclockedThe only way to go from here is a die shrink and new memory technology, which AMD is halfway there with Fury
CHEERS
The die is at it's physical size limitWhat do you mean with this?
no the 300 series is rebraned hawaii 400 series is hbm
The amount of transistors or cores on the die can't be expanded anymore, and performance can no longer be scaled enough so a die shrink and corresponding advancement in manufacturing process is requiredAlso power consumption and therefor heat generation is lowered
no the 300 series is rebraned hawaii 400 series is hbmSo it'll be HBM1? AMD has been changing their story since last summer when they teased 14/16nm FinFET.The 300 series are lies. Fuck AMD.
So it'll be HBM1?Yes all of the cards coming out this year with HBM are HBM Gen1And it most likely won't be labeled as 400 series but the name Fury, since ATI used that name back before AMD bought themKind of how Nvidia names the Titan and does use a number series
And so the denial phase begins
Thats great m8 but 3 years? Forget consumer protection that sounds like the consumer is allowed to assfuck a company with no lube.I would expect a refund only if its still under warranty. 3 years?Thats like blaming the car manufacturer for your tired going bald when you never checked the air pressure.
DisplayPort has a locking mechanism.
ITT: Retards who think the 390X is Fury.Nvidia fanboys are idiots
16-way SLIWhere the fuck is anyone supposed to fit this?
When will we get damn price cuts?
200 series won't drop any more until they stop production and even then I wouldn't expect much. Stop being a fucking Jew, the 290/290x is already an extraordinary deal considering LOL 970s.
i think x16 refers to pci express x16 actually running at x16 in sli modesometimes both cards will be at 8
A lot of people don't buy AMD because of late driver support and it  is still happening to this day The Witcher 3 and GTAV. I'd  love to get a new AMD when they're released for future crossfire support ove ShitLI, but since I use my GPU solely for gaming I probably will have a better experience with just sticking with EVGA and upgrading whenever.VR waifus
Beta drivers are always recent, they're just not WHQL certificated, which is a fucking useless certificate.Also, 8 fucking days for this currytech shilling to end, god damnit, the wait is killing me.
You already had the fucking price cuts. The 200 series already bottomed out in price.
2 year old rebrands will still be better than Jewvidia's latest cards. Just face it, Maxwell is pathetic. The 970 wasn't even faster than the 780ti.
sorry that if I'm shelling out hundreds of my own dollars that I want it to at least look tolerableI'm aware that performance matters more, but come onI'm still not gonna buy a card that looks like that, especially since it's XFX
With no mentionable gain in performance
8 daysOh yeah, the E3 PC Gaming Show.
Thanks, I will.
its gonna mainly be used to drive extreme VR setupsso you would have a server rack style computer with two CPU sockets and two rows 8 slots deep its not for a normal PC buildalthough the only SLI config thats solid is 2-way 3-way and 4-way are fucked up often so 16-way SLI would be a nightmare
so you would have a server rack style computer with two CPU socketsget moar coarz
Fiji XT and Fiji PRO are new cards.The 390 and 390X will most likely use Grenada refined Hawaii, not the same Hawaii chips as the 290/X.380 and 380X will most likely be full Tonga 384-bit, instead of the gimped 256-bit Tonga on the 285. 370 and 370X will probably use Trinidad. Refined Curacao/Pitcairn, possibly GCN 1.1 or 1.2 instead of 1.0The others.. who cares.Now shut the fuck up until they've actually been released because at the moment you're all arguing like little children over rumours, "leaks" and clickbait articles. Idiots.
Just face it, Maxwell is pathetic. The 970 wasn't even faster than the 780ti.160 watt 970 based on cut down 400 mm2 chip was not faster then 250 watt card using 550 mm2 chip.pathetic
380 and 380X will most likely be full Tonga 384-bitCan AMD do odd numbers of memory controllers? Like for 320 bit 2.5 GB cards?
Well it's actually smart since the reason nvidia's midrange chips sell better than AMDs is because nvidia pushes their high-end range.Kids see Nvidia's titan as the super horse power so beg their mom to buy them nvidia, and so a 960 or 970 appears.
160 wattsWe all know that's a lie
Wot? Why would you need to replace it in 2 years? If you need to replace 970 in 2 years, you'll probably also need to replace 980/290X in 2 years too.
Even though it's a lie, it's actually possible to get GTX 980 and 970 power use insanely low. I have my GTX 980 set to 70% power target and the fan on it basically doesn't work anymore. It takes so little power it doesn't even need active cooling.And for this 30% lower power target, I only lost like 4 FPS which means performance in games is still more than enough. Really nice card if you want silent PC.
I said "almost 3 years". it broke just before the warranty ran out.I take care of my shit, this is the first time that I've had to deal with something breaking while under warranty, so I'm new to this.
lol you gay nigga"muh gaymen*
implying XFX cant make nice looking cardsI guess you prefer the disgusting bulky ricer look of MSi and Asus cards?
Is this your idea of a nice looking card?
i wish someday company will let you put your own fans. imagine putting 3 90m delta's fan.
I like the way my asus 970 looks
The red parts should be black tbh.
smh
If this is true, youre hitting your cpu limit before your cards do.
That fried vram sure smells nice too, you aesthetic cunt.
Where did they show of dual link interposers? Never read about that, thought it was just some clickbait shit. Do you have a link or any more information?Also hynix GDC brochures with 4Gb slices have been posted all around here. Are you the faggot that was claiming that they need smaller TSV bumps?
that's not what I was implying at allin fact, XFX usually makes some of the best-looking cardswhat I was implying is that they're infamously shitty at actually cooling anything, so having a card as godawful ugly as op's image is taking away the one thing that xfx hadthat's nicer looking than op's image, yeah
And also the idiot that claimed a HBM stack would have 128DQs only?
when did I ever mention gaming? fuck off
sexy designterribad temps
Terribad tempsI have the XFX DD 280 and it seems fine to me. ~25-30c idle and ~50-60c in games with 1100mhz core/1450MHz memory OC. Runs cooler than my MSI Twin Frozr III HD6950 did.
buying electronics hardware that sit in the casing face down for its aesthetic and not for its performancei don't care how my hardware looks as long its cool and performs.
I wasn't being serious, honestly I was defending a purchase I kind of regret. I don't buy cards for their aesthetic, my previous card died and all I could afford to replace it without downgrading was the XFX 280non X, it was on sale for $200AU, while the other brands were around $250+. I wish I could have bought a Sapphire 280X.
AMD is going to leave the GPU market because of pure incompetenceNvidia will reign supreme and forever charge us with shit prices for mediocre productsHold me /g/ it's the arma/g/edon
The image is bugged, huh.
AMD is only incompetent in their CPU division.There has been almost no legitimate information on the 3xx and Fiji cards so any judgement made now is misinformed at best.
I mean the link. It should beit targetting to nonexistent image.
Good thing I've mostly been using Intel's Jewish IGPUs for a long time now.
shilling this hardNot even thinking about Fiji XT and HBM, oh well enjoy your overpriced cards.
Any company can. But not having full GB's advertised on your product will confuse most customers.That's why Nvidia didn't get rid of that last 512MB, people would have been impartial to it.
nice jew meme mister
I was hoping to ditch my 970 for an AMD card, but if they're just rebrands I'll have to wait a bit longer.
Wh-- What exactly am I looking at?
tfw still Tahiti
My 7950 still runs like a champ. I have to reason to replace it in the near future.
ITT: MY SPECULATION COUNTERS YOUR SPECULATION!!!!neo-/g/ everyone
ATI, "Must Have"Triggered.
overheatingLMAO AHAHAHAhahaha holy shit, AMD poorfags are this delusional now? 970 runs 50-60 Celcius under full load depending on your case etc while it's impossible to keep AMD housefire under 70 most of the time temps being 80+. AMD fanboys are truly the consolefags of PC world.
Aside from it being rebranded twice, you NEVER rebrand the highest end card into the next highest end.
... is that Frank Klepacki?
What's being rebranded twice? Fiji is new.Hawaii was new with 290 and 290X, being replaced with Grenada in 390, 390X.Tahiti 7950/7970 was rebranded with the 280 and 280X but is being replaced with full Tonga in 380, 380X.The only rebrands are the 270/X and the low end ones.
I have a 4K monitor and a 970 I don't do that much gaming, would be buying a 390X be enough to run things at high settings on 4K?
How the fuck is amd even competitive with their crap revenue?
The 390X will most likely be a rebranded Hawaii, so no, thats in the same performance category as your card. AMDs New high end chip will most likely get the fury branding.We'll know if that chip is capable to drive 4K when we have reviews. I doubt it.

Nothing made by this guy has been released yet. and wont be till 2017, and will be a cpu, not gpu.
Oh wait, this is a GPU thread. Jim Keller is still a badass though.
It bothers me that they're giving out an "early access" game.
I'm afraid I'll be worshiping this man in 2016.
, 
/g/, what program do you want that doesn't exist yet?
waifu simulator
gentoo
Who the fuck even considers a case like that practical? it's like using spasmastic server rack wtf
Something the would allow me to use something similar to animation software to program a robot's movement, naturally it'd need a pre-built frame to work from but it'd make it so much easier
You know Notepad.exe ?That really basic text-editor that comes with pretty much every version of Windows?What I'd want is a version of that that does 'auto-recovery-save' for unsaved instances, much like MSWord does.Yeah... I would KILL for that.Other than that, I'd want the program to remain exactly the same. Pic probably not related.
This.
Because it's kawaii as fuck motherfucker.
notepad++ already does this
I want MS to upgrade it's fucking shit.Like media player and notepad, to the point where they're actually useful.But then again, they just might not be capable. Look at MS Security Essentials.
exactly the same except for the backupthere's vim and emacs too motherfucker.
how difficult is it starting a tech company?
emma_watson_stalker.pya web crawler that will gather all the info about emma watson, check for new info every 6 hours or so, save new articles, new pictures, new videos, interviews, tweets, facebook posts and movies on my external hard drive.
that already exists, you just don't have it yet
lol. yes, but it also does a LOT of everything else. And you can't load countless instances of it.Ergo, it's not quite as easygoing on memory as notepad.exe .And yes. My system does run like a 486 that's had too many drinks in one go.Yeah, I know what you mean.I'd also like to see Notepad upgraded in a few ways. But, I still like using it for quick notes-to-self and all that.Something they definitely need to do is enable tabbed-browsing in the File-Manager.pic again not related

can't load multiple instancesmercplsfucking check the options
yeah, but i can't just click the little icon in my shortcut quicklaunch area to instantly spawn a new instance, can i?pic IS related this time
Wasn't even aware, thanks for the ink
I want a VSTi or Kontakt library of ethnic women's choir similar to the old GitS intro
ah, and an offline and very complete database of stuff you'd normally have to payfor on LexisNexis/Westlaw/Academist/etc.That'd be cool to have.
Why the fuck would you want to load new instances of notepad++ when tabs exist?Stop shitting up threads you fucking autist.Go back to /b/, merc.
Yes you can do that too
I wish more people would work on Citra, so I can finally play the new versions of Oot and MM in 4k, 8xMSAA, like I do on DesMuME...
I was thinking about something that could simulate it, of course it would need some great designers for the models but for the voice part it could scan internet forums for hotest anime quotes of the day and just spam then randomly if it runs out just use older entries that way it will always say some random shit
But I want to converse with an intelligent female and talk about all kinds of stuff with her.I don't want random things, I want profound discussion.I want love.
middle click. you click with the middle mouse button.
I want to talk to an intelligent being without being judgedi want A.Iit always leads to this
Algorithm for deciding the halting problem.Shit would be great.
a program to automatically search 2d porn for me
gelbooru + gelbooru api. You could write a web page with some javascript to do this for you
But you can always go to rule34 .paheal or .xxx and hit random
I program to get a gf
tsk, tsk, tsk...
/b/Are you unable to read?Go back to your autism board.
an0n, be careful what you wish for...
A great web browser.
hatsune miku
Something that sorts images in a folder by color hue, saturation or brightness.
You mean a program that assigns a gf to you without you having to leave your comfort zone?
that's not miku
learn to google alerts
read the entire filename, moron.
love the gif
I have ~150.000 pictures saved on my PCOnly ~30.000 are sorted in different foldersLike "women" for pictures of women. Or "/g/" for anything technology related.I would like a program that sorts all my pictures with just one click.
google alerts doesn't ignore robots.txt.It's basically only showing the shallow part of the open web.
What do you even do with those pictures?I mean. Unless we are talking about porn.
↑ANYWAY...since I know /g/ has a healthy supply of coders and the like, if somebody were to make it just as I asked, despite how dumb it might sound, I would be greatly appreciative.Given how simple it is, I get the feeling it wouldn't take a competent coder very long to put together.Hell, I'd even throw in some money for your trouble if it comes out just as I described.I know it sounds stupid, but I'm just telling you like it is.
Yeah, I know what you mean... meme-addict from /b/ hereReally, the only solution in such an instance is to get yourself a 3rd-world slave loli to do all your file-management for you.Or maybe a really smart cat.
Why not sort the pictures yourself? You'd need a program that did image recgonition, then you'd need to ask the user when theres a picture that has a woman using a computer. Should it go in the /g/ folder? or women folder?best idea is to do it by hand.
Internet browser that won't change into resource hog after few years.
this. i want this.or PET or something in megaman battle network
N O T E P A D + +O OTTEEPPAADD++++
not knowing what this thread is aboutprograms don't have input to work with problems like the one you statedWhats the point of your post, m8. And anyways, try to sort only 10.000 pictures by hand. You'll go crazy. Maybe I should hire someone to do it. But I don't want him to see all my /b/ content on the other hand.
Some 0-day exploiting Virus that targets anime
Why not both? Hardlinking isn't really magic.Or not sort them at all, just having a frontend that shows them sorted by "tags"Recognition Software ist that bad, it just needs a fuckton of time running it over an existing database. Once it's established, it runs pretty smooth.This new picture thingy Google presented some days ago is basically that. It's a privacy desaster and definitely not suitable for illegal or grey zone things but it IS doing exactly that.
Only about 20% should be porn, imo.I think its an addiction I'm dealing with.But anyways, its fun to just scroll through a chunk of the pictures from time to time and re-watch them.Would be more fun if they are well sorted. The biggest folder is my gore folder, since you can already tell from the thumbnail what the picture is all about, making sorting this into folders quick and easy.Also it makes my e-penis bigger, if someone sends me a picture and I can be like "oooold shit, I even have a copy of that".
150,000 picturesLets say it takes you 5 seconds to drop the picture into the appropriate folder. It would take you 30000 seconds or 8 hours. With 1 hour per day it would take you 8 days to complete.did you even try sorting it? or are you too lazy
Are you referring to the form factor or visual design?Those kinds of small cases are really good when workspace maximization is a priority.
N O T E P A D + +O O T E P A D + +T T T E P A D + +E E E E P A D + +P P P P P A D + +A A A A A A D + +D D D D D D D + ++ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Lol...an0n, i DO already have software like that.It's called Edit Pad Pro.You can websearch to see how it's eerily similar if just a little more robust.But, I have my own idiosyncratic reasons for wanting this. Hence, why I ask.i'll let you decide if pic is related
form factorand if you want smaller size use compaq's design
forgot to link posts
Ah, or how about a program that can crack any password on the Internet in less than one minute?in b4 HURF DAT IMPOSIBLE
use Compaq'sCompaqeverDon't tell me to live for mediocrity.
My waifu would never do that. I love my waifu and my waifu loves me. She would never be so inconsiderate.[spoiler]Who am I kidding, my waifu would totally do that. She's obnoxious.[/spoiler]
Wait correct me, a sever rack is smaller, just wider, the problem is the "closet" around it
just so long as she had blue hair, right an0n?
Probably more difficult than you expect. Notepad is proprietary. Adding a feature might require writing a clone of Notepad entirely. That might be a big job.Or it might not. I've never written a text editor.
A server rack MIGHT be that way, yeah, but it's also not designed for commercial components or use.
image sorter with facial recognition to sort all my waifus pictures in their respective folders
implying it takes 5 seconds.Digging through a pile of pictures which go into 1, maybe 2, 3, 4 out of 50 categories is not a "5seconds/picture" thing, m8.Sometimes its 10. Sometimes 20. Sometimes even more.
Fuck off Plebbitor. Emma Watson isn't that fucking interesting. She's just a kind of cute actress.
I'd definitely be able to use a rack of servers for my own use, yes.the only problem would be the cables and power usage
"Works for me" is not a way too successfully argue the commercial viability of a technology solution.
I think the "for me" means exactly what you're trying to point out.It's MY opinion. I do not claim that others would even comprehend the usages of it.
one that helps me to get my dick wet with qties.
I'm more impressed with those swords. I'm not a big fan of katanas, but those are fucking sharp.
Okay, but that means we've completely departed from the original scope.
Those Shuttle cases are pretty sweet. My next build is definitely going to be something small. Full size tower is too much for me now.
I think I prefer to go up in size than width myself.
Paint with layers
A society simulator where you can start with a group of randomly-generated personalities/other relevant "stats" and impose laws that you've written yourself such as "No cats may eat fish on Thursdays" and have each individual member of said society interpret the law and react as their stats dictate so you can experiment with different structures of governmentSomething I'd make myself if I had any understanding of AI
The word you are thinking of  is "perfection"...
A program that could do any NP hard problem in under a second. All of your shitty suggestions along with mass effect level technology would then be possible.
yeah, but think of how that might turn out to look like?
I'm not sure what you mean.My waifu has pink hair.
mfw notepad++
I guess I understand. She's 3DPD and so not really your waifu, but it's a similar concept. Go ahead and do your thing. I don't particularly like her, but everyone has their own tastes. A lot of people have waifus I don't like and a lot of people don't like my waifu, but that doesn't mean anything.I just hate Plebbit's obsession with her.
Where can I get a moe computer case?Also, how is she reading a VN while putting her computer together and without a keyboard and mouse? That doesn't make any sense.
Well there is this...also this...55.63kbWhen I searched for "notepad.exe on Drive-c:", I found two files named notepad.exe, one was 189kb and the other was 176kb.Also, I think the leaked source-code for Windows 2000 might be sitting around on one of my hard drives. Would that contain the source for notepad.exe ? Thoughts?
open source utorrent 2.x clone written in C
that corgiThis reminds me of a faggot I saw some time ago at the local gas station. He basically baked his corgi in his black van, it was a hot day. The moment the corgi got out, it just collapsed on the ground in that exact same pose and just died right there and then.
3DPD.. at least she is real... I have one in a 100 billion chance of fucking her while the chance you have at fucking a 2D cartoon will always be 0. That must hurt...
pink?  blue? brown/black haired girls are the best. brunettes all the way.
A fork of ksh called kush
jeez, that's horrible...
filenameNice bait
GIR as an AI on Linux.
i suppose this is obligatory for this thread... iknorite? :D
My Linux wishlist:Free privacy-oriented Chromium forkLightweight and polished GUI music playerFree Skype alternative software probably already exists, but the userbase does notConclusive and sane font solution
I have one in a 100 billion chance of fucking herMaybe if you rape her you beta orbiter faggot.......................
PETThat has been my dream since I was a kid.Come on, it's 2015. Fuck you, Capcom.
nope, I just need to get into power and kill every and burn all the dildoes and falic objects alike, because as long as she has something other than me to put inside herself she will, I'm not beta you fag! I'm just being realistic here. I have been think about this for a long time and it's the only way, so if you see a nuclear war starting, know that it's me coming for that booty
Doom 95
also RAPE ?? MY WAIFU??
Lightweight and polished GUI music playerWhat about Clementine? It's quite lightweight sitting at 80 MB RAM usage right now for me, not as ideal but not that bad either. The UI is not that bad either but could probably use some polish or you could contribute UI improvements
i guess there's always winamp...
One that makes me happy.
I would like... a Shimeji for Windows that does not require f***ing Java.One that is a little smarter than the old Shimeji too... that really needed an AI update.
I want a program that lets me control video game systems with my computer.Basically you would have a special PCI-E card you'd put in your PC and it would have ports on it to support AV input as well as controller input from consoles.  HDMI and USB would be the start.  So you sit your console up next to your PC and whenever you want to use it you just run the program and it starts up the console and you can use all your PC hardware to play your console games controllers+monitor.  So it's like a more advanced capture card for playing games.
You mean console emulators?
Remote desktop/gaming streamer that isn't shit and just werksusing opencl would be nice since AMD cards are good at compute and could probably compress shit quickly
A program that turns me into an anime girl and transports me to anime world so I can live a happy lesbian anime girl life
No, not an emulator.   The only thing that would be emulated would be the controller, so you could use any random PC controller you want, but the system will see it as an official controller.
That's completely different anonread the post again
Some kind of tiling wm for windows.
goddammit, an0n..."tiling wm"?err... do you mean "tiling windows manager"?Your best bet is "WinSplit." It's actually no longer under active-development, but the last version that they did release works terrifically.
That's not an emulator, that's a pass-through setup.  But you could use your PC hardware to upscale the video from the console to something more pleasing like 4k if that's the sort of thing you're into.
*HINT HINT*
not using nunchuks
an algorithm that will make any girl want to fuckyou think you can do that for me?
A free open source version of ThinManager that doesnt suck
sure m8, I got you:fortime=15; time++; time60{get_money;fuck_bitches; //bitches love money ;^}end_erection;
US kills based on metadata.NSA does 2 hops when analyzing metadata.A bot that sends encrypted mails over tor to jihadists and to Dick Cheney.
ThinManager
Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but I do like the Technicolor hair. It doesn't look realistic, but it's a fantasy and I think it looks cool.And I don't like my waifu for her appearance. I think she's beautiful, but all girls are beautiful in VNs/anime/manga and fiction in general. Instead, I love her because of her personality and because I grew to care about her throughout the story of the VN she's from.Appearance is important, but she could look entirely different and I'd still love her. Beautiful girls are a dime a dozen in fiction.
Durr hurr hurr goolge drive does dis.  Cause who really cares if NSA/FBI/CIA/every pedi out there is reading your private porn stories
Actually if VR improves, fucking a waifu will become possible. Anyone interested in building such machine contact me looksty9@gmail.com
Unfortunately, she still wouldn't be real. She isn't just a character design. I love my waifu. I want to be with her, not some simulation of her.It would be better than nothing, but still a cheap approximation of the real thing.
that character was written by some old fat jap pervert and you are basically in love with him you fucking fag
what the hell are you talking about?
Nah. He's neither old nor fat.
Underrated posts.
manjawlooking like my middle aged mother at age 25feministperfectionAAAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
I'd like to see a version of GIMP that is as powerful as Photoshop + Illustrator combined.that sort of sums up my wishlist: there are programs for pretty much everything I can imagine/have a practical use for at this time.What I'd like to see are improved versions and be vastly more affordable or free.  Values for "improved" mean highly customizable, work across OS platforms linux, BSD and Windows are the Holy Triangle for me, and high efficiency/severe bloat reduction.  I'm pretty fucking sick of retarded eye candy that disguises lack of features or poorly implemented features.  If software is on my system, I want to know every little thing it is doing, I don't want it to be cute about hiding it's activities from me, and I want full control over all those activities.The closer it is to free, the more tolerant I am of small annoyances.  I even donate to free projects when it is a good product and they are actively improving it.  Examples: EditPad now called EditPad "Classic", was one of my favorite text editors under Windows.  I donated $200 one year and requested that he continue work on a cross-platform version for unix/linux.  The following year he released a completely revamped Windows version that stopped functioning in several ways that made it essential for me.  My donations and input stopped, as did my recommendations that other people try it.IrfanView received a $200, and two years later a $350, donation from me, along with suggestions and community participation in their forum.  It has continued to improve in ways that make it more useful to me, not less.  I actively evangelize and recruit more users at all opportunities.  Been using IrfanView since pre-version 1.0.
"De-botnetify"Removes botnet like serbia removes kebab
yfw it removes half of your programs
FUCCCCCCCK YOUUUUUUUUU
A Clojure version of Emacs
A program that can kill processes going full retard and require logoff/restart.Basically you try to kill it once and it does nothing, try to kill it again and it says "not allowed", "no access", "can't find" or some variation of it.
what is kill
You mean this ?Didn't work.
I want something that would allow me to punch people in the face over the internet.
microsoftWhat are you doing?I meant "kill" not "taskkill"
I'm using Windows mate, just another drone in the cog. If there is something within Windows that is just called "kill" I can't google up anything relevant.
Something that takes messages I receive on Steam/social media etc, inputs them into CleverBot, and automatically replies with cleverbot's response.
I'm using Windows mateFound the problem.
I thought we were wishing for programs that didn't exist, not replacement OS.
OK. A working version of Windows is a program that doesn't exist, so it is valid.
No need to fix the entire OS, just the ability to kill a process reliably. Like how "unlocker" unfucks certain files from being deleted etc.
I know. I was just being a dick.I do think that the problem with killing processes on Windows is pretty fundamental, though. I'm not sure it can be solved without fixing the entire OS.
80MB RAM usagelightweightnigger my arch install boots into x with 80MB and you expect doubling that for a music player is lightweight?
Cross-platform unified log viewer.Getting tired of comparing firewall logs to windows logs by just looking at them or hours of copy/paste
Compared to some others, it's pretty lightweight. iTunes uses something obscene like 400 MB.Audacious might be a decent choice. I don't listen to music and can't speak to the quality of the interface, but I just started up Audacious and played some files and it never got above 10 MB.
I haven't tried Windows 8.1 or 10, hopes for some better handling of that there then.Ha Ha.
I want my computer to be my friendthe worst part is, I know its coming eventually; and its going to ruin so many lives
exact same thing
its going to ruin so many livesI don't know about that. By the time we have that technology, will we have to work anymore? Why SHOULDN'T people just be NEETs who spend all their time talking to their computers?My main problem is that I want a real person. A simulated friend would suck, but if I had an actually sentient computer I would have no problem with sitting in my room all day talking to it.
As if you'd notice the difference between "true" AI and just some really advanced simulation that passes the turing test.Machines will be viewed as hollow no matter how good you make them.
SSH that doesn't perform like shit on Android.
As if you'd notice the difference between "true" AI and just some really advanced simulation that passes the Turing test.We don't know that yet. Our understanding of the human brain is still very rudimentary. We still can't prove that humans are sentient from first principles. Once we figure that out, we may very well discover an obvious way to tell whether or not an AI is sentient.I'm unwilling to say sentient AI is impossible until we know how humans are possible.
Up to date flash plugin for Firefox on GNU/Linux
Is it out of date? I wasn't aware of that. I thought it was just unoptimized.I don't much care, though, since I haven't used Flash in months. I don't use websites shitty enough to require Flash.
it doesn't matter. flash is dying.they stopped updating the linux version at version 11 save for security updates. the linux version is 11.2.202.460 while the rest that get updated are at 17.0.0.188. at least they update the linux version. they haven't touched the android and Solaris versions since 2012-2013
Oh. That's fine, then. Security updates are what's important. I don't need an updated version of a plugin that I never use and that was hopelessly outdated five years ago.
The Matrix. So I can escape this pathetic life and become whoever I want to be.
i want a tui linux control panel.it would have, like, a sound tab, with all the crap in pavucontrol, but also things like "downmix to left speaker" so i don't have to look up the damn command if one of my speakers blows.It would have an xorg.conf generator, because the auto generated one is always useless. It would detect your window manager and let you generate config files for that.It would be magical and wonderful, and totally crossplatform. It would have options to download standard environments, so setting up a power editing coding computer would be as simple as switching to "green thumb" mode when you play Halo on your friends xbox.
vim
what is Artificial Academy 2.
It doesn't have my waifu. I can recreate her, but she doesn't have the experiences she should and her personality isn't right.And it's a theme of the work she's from that memories define people and without them they aren't really the same person, so it's especially bad that she doesn't have the right memories.
A motd script that grabs a random 4chan post, accompanied by an ascii version of the image if applicable and the image is small enough.A program that auto-generates reaction faces, including smug anime girls, facepalms and dank memes.
...while murderous robots harvest your body-heat for energy?
confirmed for applefag
Nice blog post
Why can't Microsoft add a loli assistant that's like Clippy + Cortana? It would be amazing.
go to volafile's #BEEPi room and talk to bunn or bbaka.they actually already made something like that.
dude if I knew the answer to that question I'd take up programming now wouldn't I, but since I have no clue what if anything I want to make it seems kinda pointless to learn a language
mfw MercWMouth doesn't know his bunns from his bbakas.Same guy who swore up and down that a cross dresser was a woman.
they said there is no such bot and you were making things up. don't waste my fucking time like that you stupid nigger
You got rejected.
Sublimetext does that, and seems to use little memory
So much this.
"Okay Everyone"It's a voice assistant thing for android that sends your voice query to cortana+google+hound.  You can swipe left and right to see what each one said.
Every piece of software that existed 10 years ago but now without having to pay for it.This is also how I feel about all other old IP e.g. 10 year old books, music, games, etc.
A program that automatically sorts your shit. Has features like deep and complex rules, machine learning and automatic tagging from various sources.
obsolete software is still closed sourceand that is why closed source is immoral.
A program for a darker dark web.
Program? An open source alternative to Photoshop that doesn't have a complete shit ui.Or, rather, a single piece of visually productive open source software that has a decent uiGame - A flight simulator or train simulator that isn't complete shit.
A program that will make diagonal gradients a lot easier to do in ASS subtitles.
I just feel like the Internet would be better without any policing, and that the world would be better without policing of the Internet.  The Internet is only useful for communication and I personally don't think that's a bad thing.If it turns out that Muslims are all terrorists and Afghanistan and Iran want to destroy our country then we should have open war with them.If it turns out that people are using the Internet to hire hit-men, then we should work to solve problems of income inequality and the conditions that cause people to become hired killers.  ...not to mention the multitude of other ways we have of solving murders.Regulating the Internet means regulating communication. ..
Sounds like consoles cloned on an fpga.
A Modern Web Browser  Supports HTML5 and some other fancy shit  without eating a lot of RAM.
Something that lets you convert the music files rdio downloads from their wacky proprietary into normal music files with all their metadata intactIt's frustrating to me that I can download all the music I could ever want and have it sitting on my SD card but be unable to access it it except by using their app
Program with big "Hack" button which will make the computer able to hack any computer like it's in movies.
i have always wondered why windows hasn’t put a syntax highlighting feature on notepad, its been years and we always have to use a alternative. even osx can do that shit.
I want love.Even the AI would find you disgusting. Get yourself a dog.
God plz do humanity a favor and kill yourself now you complete waste of genetic material.
A program that goes through all my image files and searches for duplicates. I'm sure that exists already but I never found one.
Nice memed. You are a complete mongoloid.
FUCKING KNEW IT, always4chans fascination with AI was always weird to me but now...fuck you autists
Quake 5. Games are programs too.
It would be nice if it automatically tagged based on danboorus
Try AwesomePhotoFinder
AwesomePhotoFinderThat sounds like a botnet that doesn't run on Linux.
room indexerlike type in what youlike your phone or an HDMI cable wanna find in your room and it pops out if you have one and where it is in your room or house.prob be a MASSIVE privacy invasion if it hooked into the net or what ever
It's already possible. There are already live size realistic looking sex dolls available.
WAS cute, she's looking old as fuck these days
richarddawkins.png.exeThat's a virus, yo.
Markov chain map generator based on world heightmap
halting problem doenst exist
that image was photoshoped to make richard dawkins look feminine, the real richard dawkins looks nothing like her, they just had their heads in the same position in that picture so someone used that and modified richard's face to make him look like her. don't be stupid pls.
A program to program its self and other programs.
A ray tracer with non-euclidean geometry.
All I want is program that at first glance is an image viewer. Open a 10000 pic folder and the first image is shown. Next, open sorting folders that surround the image. Then, just click-drag the image to the appropriate folder and the next image/9999 is shown. I hate trying to sort through a grid of thumbnails.
Markov chain map generator based on world heightmapThis guy did it but he did it in a wrong way and the result was the picMarkov chain based on world heightmap is impossible.This because every type of tile must have a chance higher than 0% to being adjacent with a common tile type and this doenst happen on heightmap of earth
That would be swell. My temporary solution is to sort by size and delete if necessary.
You'd have to either rfid tag everything or have a set place for everything and actually put it back in its "home" place.
A program that randomly maps keys on the keyboard to other keys. And every time a key is pressed it should scramble all the mappings again. Also there's a 1% chance a key will map to the shutdown button.
Fslint for linux. Works good for me.
Asshole.
This because every type of tile must have a chance higher than 0% to being adjacent with a common tile type and this doenst happen on heightmap of earthForgot to add why this is needed.This is needed because you must make the  markov chain if you want to have a decent result generate a square X, based on his 4 adjacent squares up, down, left and right.So when you are going to average the probabilities, if they dont share the chance of generating at least tile type, you wont be able to generate the tiles.
Basically, "her"
richarddawkinsmindmeld.mp4.exehe doesn't look like her, she looks like him.I still like her but she looks a lot like him.
Easy tier:A program that downloads pictures from *boorus along with all the tags as metadata. Coupled with an image viewer that lets me filter and search by those tags and edit them.It's fucking magic tier:A program/overlay that makes any old 3D game VR compatible without needing a porting.E.G. want to play UT gotye with the Oculus? Launch said program, launch UT, done.
Magic tier, wouldn't that be a key mapper to the vr api with a config for proper viewing angle?
Almost there
Ankh does that for Pixiv, move yourself up the food chain son.
I don't know, I'm no expert, so I thought that with all the different game engines having a program make a 3D environment good for VR, for any game you want, is kinda impossible.If it's not that hard I wonder why are they reading up games for VR one by one instead of using a tool like this.
soon brother.... soon
tfw Windows will never look this good.
Dude, that doesn't look good. That looks quite horrible.
Genuinely disgusting icons.
virtualboxthis looks good
what wm and panel is that?
WINSHILLS DETECTED/out/

, 
, 
HAHAHA AMD IS LITERALLY BANKRUPTOF A REBRAND HAHAHA
"higher levels of Directx12 support"
Ouch. Hope this is accompanied by a price drop.
AHAHA!DIE AMD FUCKING DIE !
bankruptNah, they're making way too much money with the console contracts from microsoft and sony. Which is also why they stopped caring so much about the desktop market and cut the r&d budget down to a minimum.
How butthurt are you, MADfag? Your company is too poor to even replace a part after being in service for 3 years. How absolutely pathetic.
IT'S OVER, AMD IS FINISHED & BANKRUPT
confimed
Notice it has the Crossfire finger?It's clearly a rebrand of Pitcairn from 2012AMD confirmed for rebrands of rebrands
Wow, you're a real master sleuth.
Bought my 280X second hand, don't support the company directly anyway. Don't see a reason to upgrade right now since the 280X does everything maxed @ 1080p. Maybe by the time I need to upgrade HBM will actually be a industry standardWill likely try for Nvidia next upgrade just because I haven't had a Nvidia card since the 9800GTX but don't see that coming for awhile. But as always I will buy the best bang for buck at the time, Who really gives a fuck about brand loyalty anyway? You aren't getting a higher FPS buy sucking a companies cock on online forums.
I like my 290x
I thought it was confirmed to be OC'd Bonaire, which was GCN 1.1. It would still be a rebrand of a rebrand though.Why do people legitimately want this? Do people actual enjoy being cucked by Nvidia?
AMD needs 150W GPU to compete with the 60W GTX 750 TiTOP KEK
I got a cheap Vapor-X 290 recently and am super happy with it. Runs everything I want to play at 1080p/60fps and that's all I need. Way quieter than my old MSI GTX 570 too.Won't consider upgrading until die shrink and HBM 2.0 are both reality.
They'd have to price this at lower than 100 bucks for people to even consider buying it.
competeKek nice joke, the 270 has like 50% more performance in benchmarks than the 750ti, sometimes closer to 80% moreThe 260X is what's competing with it, which is 115W but supports DX12 unlike the 750ti
370 is a rebrand of 265 and even AMD's own slide says it's 20% faster only while needing a 6 pin power connector, 75W + 75W = 150W
tfw waited till now to upgrade from 570tfw the only smart choice is to bin this generation of junk, rebrands and overpriced flagships till pascal/greenlandtfw dont want to go through another year of medium settingsGod, im just going to have to accept burning $200-300 on depreciation with a holdover card till next year.
Just wait for Pascal HBM2
All I want is program that at first glance is an image viewer. Open a 10000 pic folder and the first image is shown. Next, open sorting folders that surround the image. Then, just click-drag the image to the appropriate folder and the next image/9999 is shown. I hate trying to sort through a grid of thumbnails. Is there anything like this? I remember an old demo of MS Surface OS had somthing like this with the huge touch table.  pic not related
so nothing? how hard would it be tomodify one of the simple linux image viewers to do this? most already have a trash/delete function.
sounds like a good ideasend me a link once you've compiled it
So you've not seen anything like it, huh?It should speed up sorting a folder of images with no discerning name attributes.
Need some help her, i have a Sony Xperia E4 and i have forgot my opening pattern. Is there a program that i can use to format the whole system and restart it?Pic IS relatetd
Return the phone to the owner you thief
give it back nigger
stop stealing phones thyrone
Was highliy adicted to klonipin at the moment. I really cant remember
Give the phone back, Tyrone
Custom Recovery on it? Unlocked Bootloader? Known exploit for custom recovery without wiping? - Delete keyfile.
Get high again so you can remember
I dont think so, this is why i need help.. Keep it real yn
It wont help, trust me i have tried
legit, idk tho
I will check it out

Seriously, anyone?
give it back niggernoone will help you
well shit this is new ni/g/g/er nope he can't if bootloader is still locked.
I guess i re-install Android
This can also be used to root stock JB ROM by installing Superuser through recovery.
Give it back, negro.
Do you think a nigga would be smart enough to ask you geeks?
Not OP but I have the same issue,broke my Z2 during a party,dig up my old Xperia J to use in the meantime,but I never removed the pattern and that was two years ago.Connecting it to my PC with PC Companion just says the screen needs to be unlocked.
Its a cheep phone i had extra, and when my other broke i didnt remember the pattern and gmailrecovery i cant remember either
Here's how.
Turn off phoneTurn in and spam volume keysYou're on the recovery, factory resetThat's the easiest way I know currently
Its android
Did not work
no linux distro will let me play my gaymen, cpu doesn't support vt-d. life is suffering /g/
old enough to post on 4chanstill playing childrens' gamesCan't be both.
frogposting
/v/ermin are disgusting
What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to start[Embed] [Embed][Embed] [Embed]Learning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.mdUseful tools- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentclass="quote"How I Got a Job in Web Development
bumping b4 I sleep.finally got a blog setupgoing to deploy soonfeels good mangtook me 10 hours longer than it hsould'vealmost went insanegood night
So I watched the video since I'm a beginner and I want to get into back end development. I know a bit of C# since before so I thought ASP.net MVC would be a good place to start. This guy recommends you to stay away from ASP.net but does not give a reason. Anyone know? Is asp.net not a good framework to use? No jobs or what?
I am opening a company in july, good thing that I am also working as a web dev at the moment and can make my own webiste.Good thing I used to be a graphic designer and can handle logos, catalogues and business cards as well.pic sort of related, because while the process of opening a company here has been greatly simplified recently but I still wouldn't be able to navigate any of it without an accountant
also under databases he lists quite a few but sql server is not among them. Is sql server microsoft obsolete aswell or what? It has been the only DB I've used for school
Apparently, I live under the rock and never use framework until now.Which web framework is the best for desktop / mobile ? What do you think about bootstrap, can you recommend it ?
I want to learn enough to make a kickass homepage and a RSS to find news about movies/video-games based on strings, like putting "fury road" and "miller" will filter every news about the movie since a week before on for example /r/movies.
Learn 1 SQL and 1 NoSQL db and you should be fine.
The efficient way would be if there was an API you could hit for everything you were interested in. If not, you might have to write a crawler.Once you get the info filtering it is super easy.
What do you mean by mobile? Will you want to port it into native apps, or are you just referring to displaying on a mobile device? For the former, Angular has Ionic, and React has React Native. For the latter, everything should work, just git gud with CSS. Bootstrap is nice for scaffolding or throwing up quick templates/MVPs, but always dive into the CSS and give it a more customized and personal feel for your final product.
Is putting an ip address in the A-records all you need to do to run your website without email?
I mean assuming the forwarding is set up correctly and apache is running.
oh, and since the company will sell supplies to dentists which, as it turns out are tech-impaired for some reason the site will have to support ie8.I cannot fucking believe I'm supporting ie8 on my own project. what has the world come tomaybe I'll just make the site degrade gracefully instead of trying to make this piece of trash do the same stuff as modern browsers. I feel for you poor lads who had to code for ie6, I shudder to think what you went through
What do you mean by mobile? Will you want to port it into native apps, or are you just referring to displaying on a mobile device? I want consistent layout in desktop browser and mobile browser Safari for iOS, Browser for Android, IE for Windows Phone, I'm not interested in native apps.My website doesn't have a problem with desktop browser, but it doesn't display nicely on mobile.For the latter, everything should work, just git gud with CSS. The Falcon's website uses bootstrap, so I'm interested in learning bootstrap.I don't know if it's good or not, so I'm asking /g/.
Checkout flexbox, it's built into CSS3
Bootstrap is pretty good. But I think css framework are mostly useful as timesavers. For a hobby project there is no reason not to do it yourself. For a job there is no reason not to use bootstrap.
Thanks, anon.
Is this the right place to ask about Blogger problems? Cause I have several.The main one is :My mobile version of the blogger site has a bug where if you pinch to zoom in it will take you to another post. I want to get rid of that, basically what I want to do is to disable that gesture of swiping to next/previous post. Can it be done?
For now, I'll download bootstrap e-book and I'll report later after I revamp my sites.Thanks for the answers again. Both of you are really helpful.
Latest thing I made for myself was a little website for me to upload things that require my admin account to download. Use it for classwork because I don't have a printer at home. PHPDL is fun to mess with, but even though I changed it so much, it still doesn't feel like my own work.
What does /g/ think about Popcorn Time ?
literally the best honeypot aroundthanks yify ;
Shit.anything but the most popular series/films of the last month are a single 480p torrent with one seederWhat's the fucking point when you can get a BTN/PTP/Whatever account instead ?
It's some shitty ass program that forces you into shitty as torrents boasting the feature that all torrent clients can do anyway, which is sequential download.Literal waste of time
Bot net Buy your own server and set up plex, download all your private torrents to it. You'll need decent Internet at home. Get your m8s to chip in to cover server costs. I'm running windows server and its the bomb. My own private movie tv and music. I don't have to worry about being in trouble in the future which is what you should be if you use PT
it's basically a honeypot trap for normies
It's good when you are in a really lazy mood. It's being the easiest way to see a movie/serie episode if it's a rather mainstream one. But if you have 2 minutes to spend, there is better quality videos all around the internet.
A: 10V: 10thanks yify
I don't personally use it because I don't mind 24gb PTP torrents but all my friends love it because it's pretty convenient.
What's the fucking point when you can get a BTN/PTP/Whatever account instead ?because major news outlets started talking about them, and popcorn time apparently wants to try a legal offer with subscriptions.OP is a faggot who thinks only netflix exists and popcorn time is a bit extreme in the illegality for him.
Sucks that eztv quit
we rarbg now
What? I just downloaded there today?
zen.dll
awesome yify 10/10 always
Awesome for streaming TV shows as they're going on
Can it stream Sports? I've always wanted an open sores stream program that can do 720p.
more like cuck porn time, AMIRITE?
Nope, just movies and tv series
It's bretty gud
2005+10480p
fine if you just want to watch some recent show or flicksucks for anything else
yfw it doesn't bother me
It's like you enjoy malware
Well yeah no shit I wasn't expecting it to be good at spreadsheets and MP3 tagging.
yeah ok kid, you know what i meantany decent film more than 6 months old isnt there, and even good tv shows like true detective, fargo and others are flaky or insert whatever 'good' but slightly less popular that GoT show you want here
True Detective is on thereFargo is on thereBoth have good torrent health
try watching through a series, some episodes will have poor health and even some with 'good' health are unreliablenot to mention the quality is pretty shit
ur face is shit
Which 4chan app are you using?Not sure which to get, which ones are there or which are shit
Clover
Clover android
Clover. But I miss Chant.
Clover, works like a charm for me. I switched from Chanu based a friend's recommendation. Navigation in very streamlined and the app just works.
all these autists using a special app to browseJust use firefox
Clover
4charms Great UI but i think the dev does not support it any more.  Shame really since it was a great design and now is only good for reading. posting is basically impossible due to captcha problem.
CLOVER
There is a 4chan app?
Yeah. Apps that do what the site does built in.
Does the site have a built-in thread watchlist?
mimi = dogshit
Overchan
Me too; at least for now.
just use a browserjust use the mobile version of the site with tiny buttonsjust use the mobile version of the site without anything nice like watchlists and gallery browsing
Dashchan most of the time, it has no webm support but that doesn't bother me. If I really want to watch one for some reason I just let it load in chrome. I like Chanobol but its dev has let it die and there's not much chance someone else will pick it up.Clover is okay. Not going to bother with it again until the material update hits though. Dashchan is just better in every way.Except webm support.
"cloud" anythingfacebook "wearables"tabletssmartphonesapps HTPCsnetflixpandora
fishing for Yous at this time of day on a Pakistani Lego-diorama board? That's a new low for you, Richard.
appsThis bait is so poor I don't think flies would go for it
So basically you hate all modern technology? Here's your reply
Yes. Lets all get dumbfones, casio terrorist watches, and thinkpads with gentoo.
not hating all modern shit technologyFace it kids, it's all garbage.You'll feel stupid in a few years when these fads fall out of favor.
le edgy technology hipster
consumer trash modern technology back to reddit you go! :]
Sorry grampa, I will get off of your lawn now.meanwhile, I will be embracing the future with my titanium bionic limbs that were 3d printed.
cloudBut I like being able to fap to my favorite fetish porn vids regardless of where I am without having it saved to my phone/tablet/laptop/other electronic device and having incriminating evidence for friends and family many of whom are underaged nieces and nephews who are addicted to Candy Crush and always wanna borrow Uncle Anon's phone to findfacebookTotally agree, social media is a plaguetabletsA niche tool.  Indispensable in my line of work, but I'm sick of seeing literally every soccermom and 12yo girl with a fucking iPad and every 40yo fatdad with a Kindle Fire, and all they ever fucking do with it is play Candy Crush/Angry Birds.smartphonesAgain, indispensable in my line of work, and very very useful for the vast majority of people what with the internet and built-in navigation/GPS but there's a lot of fluff and focus on social media I'd just as well disappear.  Plus mandatory bloatware that requires a root and custom rom to get rid of.HTPCsSo, what, "smart" TV's or DVD players are somehow superior with their 3+ second lag?  Or would you rather we all go back to fucking Betamax or something?  I personally rather like having my entire DVD collection digitized, plus having the ability to switch between Netflix, Hulu, Crunchyroll, XBMC, random porn/anime websites, and my video files in a couple milliseconds instead of waiting 4-5 seconds for a menu to switch on a discrete box like a Rokubox/Chromecast or anything built-in like a "smart" TV, or throttled bandwidth trying to stream from my desktop even over wireless AC.
mfw terrorists use all three
 :]Newfag pls go.
I did not know that Tony Abbot browsed /g/
what country does this image represent?
Soon to be Iran.
Anyone who refers to their executable as an "app" should be punched square in the face. It is a recent marketing buzzword, so yes it is trash. Also cloud in many scenarios is trash, giving up ownership of your data and subscription only applications are retarded.
"cloud" anythingagreefacebook agree"wearables"agreetabletsagreesmartphonesdisagreeapps disagreeHTPCsagreenetflixagreepandoraagree. throw in Spotify too.I made a similar thread to this before. Don't forget Smart TVs and 3d printing/television.
Javascript
and always wanna borrow Uncle Anon's phoneThere's this little word with just two letters. It's called "No", you should use it sometimes, it makes something you don't want to happen not happen.Smartphones are expensive pieces of technology, and they are not for children to play with, doesn't matter if they're your kids or someone else's from your family.
Grow up, kid.
yfw the term apps has been around for decades
appsdisagreeKill yourself.
class="quote"It would appear that not only programmers themselves, but also their employers used the term 'app' on a regular basis from at least 1981 onwards but my gut tells me it was used before 1981 as well - this is just the oldest tangible proof I could find.
are you saying apps are bad or just the term
Only by applefags.Apple calls them apps because it's a wordplay on apple and application.
"cloud" anythingonly if it's an abuse of said technology. which means 90% of cloud stuff"wearables"I don't need them, but why the fuck notTabletsI like 2 in 1 tablets, if they have windows and an Intel processor in other words if it's a PC. Personally I don't need oneSmartphonesThey're a fucking plague, but I must admit they can be pretty usefulAppsOnly if they're programmed by lazy assholes and/or are completely uselessHTPCsWhat do you have against them?Netflix/trash/Pandora/trash/Literally any streaming service with DRM/trash/
the termJust like the term "cloud" is bad but not the internet.
yea but cloud storage is bad
Depends on how much you give a fuck about privacy.If your answer is "not at all", butt storage is fantastic.
Willingly paying more for for a product, and giving up file ownershipToo retarded to call a program what it is so it is now 'app'Sure son.
buttYou like it so much you are using a cloud to butt add-on.
When I was a child sharing software in the late 80s/early 90s there were only two catagories: "apps" and "games". It had nothing to do with Apple.
not programming on your surface proLiterally the most useful thing I've ever hadHas windows on it so, can do nearly everything easy and accessible. I don't wat to search 2 hours of worktme each day for some Linux plugin.SSD, so it's fastAttacheable keyboard for maximum comfyness while codingYou can take it everywhere.There is literally nothin wrong with having a Suface Pro.
I don't like butt storage, I do like the add-on though, it makes browsing /g/ more fun.
bashes the word appliterally short for applicationuses the word application


What's the best budget chair for around $60?
Milk crate + pillow
Ikea's Alrik.Or maybe an antique / used chair bought somewhere.
Go to a bunch of thrift stores and hope you find something decent.
Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
tfw ditching my e520 for a t430s.A-am I allowed here n-now?
... we'll allow it, sure.
Thinking about buying a T420 but im getting a lot of discrepancies about the weight. Cnet says its heavy and bulky while their own specs say its less than 4 pounds.Anyone with this laptop mind telling me its actual weight?
heavy and bulkyit's a goddamned thinkpad it's going to be heavier than your average faggy ultrabook4lbs seems reasonable for it
That does not seam bulky to me. Perhaps they were comparing it to an ultrabook.
that's going to depend on battery.  All the thinkpads maybe not the W series are actually pretty light untill you slap the battery on.  Like, 2/3 of the weight of the X series is the battery.
Currently have an x40. The slow, shitty harddrive died, so I'm looking for a replacement for those rare occasions when I need to leave my bed.  Budget is $250
Currently have an x40. The slow, shitty harddrive died, so I'm looking for a replacement for those rare occasions when I need to leave my bed. Budget is $250X40... 1.8" PATA  with the connector on the wrong side if I recall?You can grab a 2.5" male PATA-CF converter and a CF card off newegg/eBay if I recall correctly.  Or spend $50 on an X61 and $100 on an IPS upgrade.
Or you could get a sandy bridge T/X series model for like 250$ if you search around ebay.
If you were going to buy your mom a laptop, would you get her a thinkpad or a latitude?
How easy is it to change out thge trackpad?
danke!
I'd go for a Thinkpad, but that's just because it's what I'm familiar with so I'd know how to fix anything she manages to break.
ffs newfag OP
I bought a used x220 3 years of use. I fucked? I
just don't try to clickpad anything
How much did you spend and what specs did you get?
Yeah but what if you didnt own one. I really cant figure out which one is the better option for an old lady.
x61T7500 2.2 GHz vs T8100 2.1 GHzwhat do?can 1024x768 still browse a web?
Well, even if you've never owned one before you've got these threads, Lelnovo's support page, and the ThinkWiki to help you out with any problems. I dunno what sort of support Dell provides, but I doubt it matches those three things combined.
i58ghz320 HD$414,00
It is true that a following usually means something. I am leaning to the thinkpad. I think I would also rather work on the thinkpad than the dell.
$414Yeesh, quite a bit more than I'd spend on an X220 got my own with a 160GB SSD for $207, but judging by your use of a comma instead of a decimal point I'd guess you're euro so that's probably not such a bad price over there.
As long as you're not doing anything fancy like putting in a different keyboardUndo the screws labelled keyboard on the bottomPush it forwardLift off a bit and be careful not to fuck the ribbon cableDoneJust remember to consult the hardware maintenance manual
euro? no, it's worst. i'm a brazilian poorfag. here everything is expensive.
brazillianDamn son, i've heard about BR taxes. Seems you did alright man. Any idea if that's an IPS screen?
I do not know. The seller did not know.I hope so.
Ask him for the model number and start searching. Usually it should say premium HD screen if it's an IPS.
So /tpg/, does the battery gauge reset in power manager actually work?Just get my T410, after that I discovered that my battery only have 55% capacity left. It left me like with 1 hour even in battery saving modeJesus
It really shouldn't be that bad. My T420 gets 5 hours on casual usage with a battery on 65% of it's original capacity.
3rd party batteries any good?
Yes it is since its a fucking 4-cell
the fuck? is that a SL410 by any chance?
NoIt's a t410It original capacity is 38-ish, now it left me with 17.Well, I got it for like 200$, which is cheap in my country. Can't expect anything better
mfw i got a x220 4gb ram, core i5 2,5 ghz, 320gb HDD for 37 euro
What the. How did you do that? Is it working? Condition?
Thinking about buying this year newegg warranty. I am scared shittless of getting a laptop whos keyboard is infested with hair. It does how ever cover all my bases /g/..Should I do it?
You wot m8
Why should I get a ThinkPad when I can just get something cheaper and more recent on craigslist?
But will it be better?
tabletdesktopchromebookno actual laptops under $100the two laptops are both consumer-tier pieces of shitA $50 T60 will do way more for you than anything else listed there.
Had my X220 for about 4 weeks now, I love it.However I've had a problem. It's not to do with the laptop itself but more to do with Windows being fucking awful. I let Windows download the drivers for the Ricoh memory card reader from the Lenovo website, and all was well. Then about 2 days later I had a constant 30% cpu use all the time from the "System" process. Grabbed Process Explorer, found out the memory card reader was using up 30% constantly. Disabled the damn thing, back down to like 2%
Maybe try reinstalling the drivers? I'm not having any issues on my X220 and I even keep a card in there all the time.
anyone with the x250?might want to buy one for my graduation, need opinions.
I'm getting one after the coming weekend. I'll probably post my thoughts then.
It's pretty nice, the battery life and screen are spectacular and the keyboard is alright assuming you're not too autistic. Though it lacks any upgradabilty what so ever, you're limited to single channel 8GB's of ram at max, and overall performance is about as good as other broadwell ULV's.
What's the best place in the UK to get a new battery for a T61?
This. Seriously is buying Chinese/whatever crap worth considering?
Should I buy a Libreboot X200?
Thanks. 8GB is fine for me though I'm pretty sure there are 16GB modules on the market now, and I don't need to do super heavy work on it since I have my rig at home for those things. What I'm looking for is a laptop with some durability and decent battery life to take to university, that doesn't overheat or makes loud fan noise. What OS are you running?
Batteries have since the olden days been one of those things you shouldn't cheap out on. Don't expect to get what is advertised if you do.
Hi /g/uys
you're triggering my captcha ptsd delete this
nice
I don't have one, a college of mine has the x240 almost the same laptop.Better then my T420 but it cost him about 5.5 times as much as mine did. Also there are no single stick 16GB DDR3 ram sticks for consumer products, even if you happen to find one it's made for server use and your laptop won't support it.So you're stuck to single channel 8gb.Bon-appetite.
Enjoy being overweight.But hey at least it's not a loaf of bread, m8
Looks good. Can I have some?
I'm not overweight, kekI got BMI of 22 which is perfectly fine
h-here, take the last bite
You son of a bitch, delete this immediately
What would you guys say a Thinkpad edge 11 is worth with 4gb ram and a 120gb SSD?
Nothing as far as i'm concerned, cuz it's not a real thinkpad.
Did X220 prices drop again? I've seen some go for 170€ on ebay.
But it's edgy isn't that enough?
Those are some really dull edges satan.
So, my T61 only gets 1 hour in its 9 cell battery.How fucked is the battery?
not extremely fucked but you should change it out
Nothing wrong with finding the right way, so long as you didn't lose too much money from not buying a T430s in the first place.T61 is much heavier than a T420.Get the T420, you wouldn't mind the weight with the reassurance that its tougher than ultrabooksinb4 muh aluminum macbook dropped from 7 feet and is still fine, no scratchesIt can but get it if you're desperate, the IPS X61 Tablet is loads better.Sure, that is a decent price for refurbishedThanks, will sell my T420 with those exact specs for the same amount to a lucky cuckThinkPads arent for you then.
Yeah, I was pretty lucky to find that one. Was going to get one with an HDD then buy a cheap 50 dollar SSD for it but for that and a 420 would have been 350. Also get another 2gigs of ram that would have been another 30 dollars. I assume its not a 2 and a 4 in it now, so one more 4 and Ill have 8.All that for 300. Could not pass it up. I just hope to the angels its not stuffed with old cheetos and neckbeard hair.
Digitally ImportedMuh nigga,  what station?
Trance station :3I was thinking of slapping a ThinkPad on top of a totem pole for EDC but I don't lift so I am not sure if thats a smart idea.
Anyone know where I can get a carbon like skin for a T61? Like the one in the back of  related pic
of the '4D' wraps will workif it says 3D it doesn't have the top coating/shiny finish as the 4D one, and it has more texture to itSometimes it looks better other times it does not.2D aren't the ones you want as they are just a printed design, so its obvious that it is fake.The only thing is that detailing is a pain in the ass.the 3D wraps are slightly easier to work with.My guide for itcareful, homosex intro
I don't think so.My thinkpad Yoga Ultrabook is about the same weight I believe and I don't think it is even remotely heavy. Obviously every bit of weight matters in a backpack, but if you aren't gonna carry it in your backpack I would just stop worrying about it. My x220 is light and I have a chink 9 cell battery.
Ask him what the display adapter says the monitor is and post it here. The TN model is a pretty basic boring name, but the IPS model has a longer name. If you post it here, I can tell you if it is IPS opr not.
Will lelnovo ever release a new x series tablet? I really like tablet PC's and I'd love to see a modernized version of one with modern digitizer input as good as some of the newer models like the surface and what not.
Bruh stalk ebay and miracles will come to you
So is my mSSD supposed to run this hot as my primary?
Cant do that. Its a birthday present.
Thanks anon
Did you get one of those?I wish I got two but I can bullshit on ebay that its seller refurbished rather than it was in like new condition.
it has yet to arrive, i made sure the BIOS wasn't locked and the conditions seemed good
Just one, it's holding me over while I return a fucked-up X220 and wait for a super-nice X220The T420 a pretty cool guy but the 1366x768 screen is killing me. I have it hidden in a dock connected to big monitor, mouse & keyboard, and for most tasks can't tell the performance difference between it and my monster gayming PC.I'm experimenting with Steam home streaming and for now i can "play" GTA V on the T420 reasonably well, but not perfectly yet.
Why is it so laughably difficult to sell these things?I have a T430 with a 1600x900 screen, 2.5 GHz processor, 4GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drive that I have been trying to get rid of for some time. It's in flawless condition and I keep getting offers of $300 or lower, mostly from Chinese people. Meanwhile, I helped my friend sell her mid-2012 13" Macbook Pro slightly older than the T430 with the same amount of RAM, same size hard drive, same processor and a heavily damaged 1280x800 screen. Got $550 for the fucking thing, over asking- I told the guy who bought it that someone else had already committed to the sale which was a lie, but I had a lot of interest and he voluntarily threw in an extra $50. And these computers cost about the same when new- I believe the T430 was only marginally cheaper.Are the people who buy Thinkpads better informed, cheap bastards, or a bit of both?
People who buy Thinkpads aren't stupid idiots lurking for products made by Apple.Plus:Used ThinkPads are cheap because after businesses are done with them, which is 3-4 years after they’ve been released, they flood the market.
Apple is gucci.
Thinktrap on what settings are you able to it? also im guessing you got the nvidia GPU on it.I might also try running it on mine when i get a higher capacity drive .
For the x220..How big of a deal is the IPS screen? Not interested in the tablet or the single hinge as it looks like trouble. But it tablet always comes with ips. Is IPS really worth poaching for? I just want a cheap reliable small laptop to kick around.
Argument with wife becomes heatedIn a fit of rage she throws my x200t, still connected to the charger, across the roomIt hits the mirror on our closet door, shattering itLands on the charging portDon't give a fuck about the argument, or that bitchCheck that shit, charging port is fine, screen works, everything looks and works as it shouldBail the fuck out of theretfw now typing from a coffee shopGlad I listened to you, /g/, this thing's sturdier than a brick. If it was any other machine it might as well be binned.
why were you two arguing
Apparently it's studier then your marriage.

I get where you're coming from but the sad truth is that ThinkPads like any other laptop loose value exponentially compared to Apple computers. Even though and Acer and a ThinkPad are light years apart over time they will cost the same where a Macbook will hold a good fraction of it's value for much longer.
Can't make much of a case for buying them new, I suppose. They're about 30% more than a comparable machine with similar hardware but none of the durability. Yet in 3-4 years the added durability doesn't seem to count for shit. In effect, the Macbook Pro ironically ends up being the machine with the lower TCO- it doesn't even matter if you can't upgrade it, just treat it well for two years and then sell it at 70% of the original purchase price.
That's why I stick to used ThinkPads, buy them used for 30% of the cost of a Macbook and in 2 years just get a another used ThinkPad. You get all the benefits of a ThinkPad and you don't have to worry about resell value or saving up over $1000 for a new laptop
tfw single 16GB ram
What currency is that?
Does this x220 come with x220, how can you tell from the lenovo look up menu
ips i mean
Dogs.
if I wanted a T420 with the absolute maximum amount of battery life, how much would that cost?I'm talking 9 cell main, 9 cell slice, whateverthefuck in the ultrabayand how long would that run under full load with a quad core and NVS?
nope, its just a TN panel
Not that guy, but...EDM represent. Dark D&B is best station, but trance/vocal trance is great when I'm  in the mood.
Once you use one, you'll never want anything else. Rumor is the x220 TN panels are shit and the IPS panels are sometimes plagued with hot spots.Even so, it along with the T420 are the most recommended models on /tpg/.
If I have an X220 with a TN panel, can I just buy an IPS panel and swap it in easily, or is there more effort required beyond taking the TN out and putting the IPS in?
I get paid $1000 every week, so spending that kind of money on a new laptop doesn't really bother me. I just hate the feeling of getting hosed. Interestingly, I was just talking to another friend who bought a Y510p back in November of 2013 on a "fire sale" for about $1000. He decided that he no longer wanted it and managed to sell it... for $950. So it only cost him $50 to use the computer over the course of 18 months. I suspect that the idiot he sold it to some "white guy" buying it for his son was wooed by the red backlit keyboard and the DUAL GRAFIX.
class="quote"r9ey7w2SEC 12.5HD TNTNI'm sorry anon, it's just TN panel. But if an end-user did the panel swap, this could be outdated so who knows.Not thinktrap but haven't tried running GTA V natively, i think it would burn through my desk. I'm receiving a Steam in-home stream from the host PC, an AMD FX-8350 and R9 290. The only worry is whether the T420 is so slow it bottlenecks video decoding, but it works goodExtremely big deal. I now get eyestrain from my other thinkpads just looking at light-colored webpages. The color and angles are outrageously cool.Unfortunately the IPS panel will have some blacklight bleed around the bottom/corner bezels, and panels manufactured in or before august 2011 are susceptible to horrible ghosting and screen persistence issues. There are three panel revisions with separate FRUs, make sure this is stamped on the part itself don't trust online listings;93P5675 - original IPS panel, bad ghosting, white spots04W3462 - 2nd revision IPS panel with ghosting resolved04W3919 - 3rd revision IPS panel with white spots ? and ghosting resolved
If I have an X220 with a TN panel, can I just buy an IPS panel and swap it in easily,Definite yes, it's a  5 minute job even being super careful. Best photo walkthrough i've found is here
Agreed, my T420 with NVS was starting heat the glass table while trying to run league.Guess i just outta get rid of my 1280x1024 19" desktop screen and buy a normal monitor.
vocal anythingYa blew it
Cool shit. Guess I know what I'm doing the next time I have cash to burn.
4GBnot 16GBcheck your priviledge
how do i download a windows 7 iso with updates included so I can reserve my windows 10 copy without having to do a bunch of updates
download win7 SP1 isoalso you'll have to update it anyway
"추가 88,000 won" means "Add $80"
get a new x220 with an i5can't run DolphinI thought I'd be able to play gamecube games?
All the driver's worked fine in Debian but the memory card still doesn't work in Windows and I had to manually install like half the drivers.
some anon had a VM with Windows and saved all the update packages.I wish I had written the notes anon didYus!fucking idk, but I think there are OEM batteries for $40, unsure for the ultrabay, off the top of my head perhaps $70?
Just finished replacing the screen on my x220T. I'm now getting a thermal sensing error. I replaced the thermal paste on the cpu and the fan works fine.Wut do?
Sketchy foreign X220 screen mod progress - Dell XPS 13 1080p IPS screens available pre-transplanted now, if you trust some guy on the internet with hundreds of your dollars.
glossyput it in the trash
says that you can tap on the trackpoint to get a left click. No matter how I tap it, I can't get it to click. How do I do this? Is this something that only works on specific models?
Just bought a used R31 for 23 bucks. How'd I do?
Enable Press-to-select in Trackpoint Properties if you're using Windows. No idea how to do it in Linux, if it's even possible.
What's the best distro for a i5 x201?
I'm looking for biggest in terms of capacity battery for my t420, do I find a good one?
Some dickhead is saying that this one is also compatible with T420, but it seems to not be? 
Also what is a good replacement with free as in freedom drivers for T420. I've now got Intel Centrino Advanced-N 6205 and it's pain in the ass to use closed driver.
Choosing distro have nothing to do with your hardware...I'm personally using Debian and I can humbly recommend it to you.

I'm looking for a thinkpad for college. Does this seem like a decent price for an x220?not set on an x220, so if you know a better buy it'd be appreciated.
So I'm looking at batteries for my X200s since the 9-cell that came with it is at around 54% original capacity. My options are: $60 hopefully genuine one after shippingclass="quote"$20 6 cell that'll get here by Thursday for freeclass="quote"$20 9 cell that'll show up some time next weekthere any particular reason I'd really need to spend roughly three times as much on the genuine battery over the third party ones?
When it comes to batteries you shouldn't be cheap. Third parties' batteries are often not meeting specifications.
should I buy this even though it has some cracks at the top?
Enable DIPM nigga.
yfw you want to get one of these bad boys
found this, I'm thinking jump, yes?
It's almost the perfect keyboard. Just that it's a rubber dome unlike the M13Can't have your ThinkPad and eat it
I can get the $1900 Carbon X1 configuration from someone on  Craigslist for $1000... Should I go for it? I mean for that price, shouldn't I just get a mac or something? Link: 
shouldn't I just get a mac or something?Most definitely.
Anyone wanting to know how to replace the screen in their X220 should watch this tutorial video:fairly simple.
I have a question, is keyboard size the same from 12" to 15" models or is it smaller on say X220 than T520? On pictures it appears the same but I want a confirmation.
For that money, buy a mac. The only good thinkpads are old, cheap ones.
good.
I made a research and it looks I'm right, 9 cell 55++ battery is the biggest one for T420.C'mon anons, I can't find anything on this topic.
I recommend buying neither. X1 is overpriced and Macs are overpriced and shit.
How experienced/crazy would I need to be to get an i5 M out of some new laptop and resolder it onto my x201t's motherboard? is it even doable? Because the heat and battery drain of the gen 1 i7 I have here is literally the only thing keeping it from being GOAT.
So im about to buy an x220, is this a good choice?
Can I put a fhd panel in my x220 for a reasonable price?
Manually doing BGA without the appropriate equipment is suicide. You'll just end up fucking the board.X220, T420/s and T/W520 all use the same keyboardDepends on what you want. Just hope it has an IPS panel though because the TN is really shit
What makes a thinkpad so special, /g/? Isn't it just a name for a Lenovo branch of laptops? I heard they are special for something but I never figured out what. Can someone tell me?
So I'm thinking I want a T500. But I have some questions for fellow /g/urus.1. Are the sandy bridge thinkpads "slow" at all, compared to most modern laptops? 2. Do they get hot?3. What kind of battery life should I be expecting with a 9 cell on one?I have an Asus Q550LF but the nvidia chip died on it so I have to send it in, and it has shit loonix hardware support because its an Optimus laptop.
What makes a thinkpad so special, /g/? Isn't it just a name for a Lenovo branch of laptops? I heard they are special for something but I never figured out what. Can someone tell me?/g/ doesn't like the Lenovo era much.  We're into the classic IBM Thinkpads.Thinkpads were the Corvettes of laptop design... sadly that era is over :-
sadly it's just another rubberdome with a pretty face. :-
Nice, what's the model name of that? Look really good
I swapped the kb from my W510 into my X220 and it fitted and works flawlessly.So I guess you can also add T/W*10 to that list.
What /g/ conveniently forgets about classic ThinkPads is the fact they were much more expensive back in the IBM days than the equivalent Dell or HP, you paid for the quality.
I remember there was a full keyboard with cherry switches on massdrop with the trackpoint thing
levono are trying to scam me?
No, it's legit
Should i get a T450? I want a long lasting laptop with good quality. The chiclet keyboard is something i can bear with, but i heard the build quality went down? Is it as bad as the autists here on /g/ make it to be or is it not that bad at all?
IBM space saver 2
Why is 4K called 4K when it's not even 4000 pixels wide and only 2x 1080p?
I don't have a facepalm big enough for this.
actually that just UHD, 4k is suppose to actually be 4k but tv companies and consumers are stupid
only 2x 1080p?It's 2x vertical, and horizontal, you tard.
I think he means why is it called 4K and not referred to in vertical resolution 2160p like 1080p is.Answer: Who the fuck knows, just a marketing term I guess that they latched onto and that stuck.
4k is 3840x2160, which is relatively close to 4000 in the width, and also derived from the DCI standard of 4096x2160, but modified to maintain the 16/9 aspect ratio. A similar situation for 2k/1080p, which is 2048 vs 1920.
The problem is that's fucked up and counter to everything that's come before it.It's not 4K, it should never be called 4K, it's 2.1K to be completely accurate.marketing knows people like big numbersdoesn't matter that we use the vertical to describe the number of lines/resolution like 720p meaning 720 lines of vertical resolution or 1080p for 1080 linespeople are really fucking stupidonly bigger number matterThis whole scam where they now use horizontal to describe a given video format instead of the traditional vertical is nothing but bullshit start to finish.
actual 4k is 4096x2160what most people refer to as 4k is actually uhd, which is 3840x2160
Because 4K is a bigger number than 1k.That's all, it's more stupid marketing crap.What's worse is that 4K isn't even a standard, there are several different resolutions claimed to be '4K' including ones that are under 4k.
that's UHD, 4k is 4096 pixels wide used in cinemas
4K, UHD and 4096 x 2160 are all different things.
4K is not a resolution, its a range.1080p is not one specific resolution, despite being commonly used to refer to 1920x1080 FHD.
1080p is a video format, by definition, not a resolution. The resolution is 1080, but the video format is 1080 lines of progressive display content.1080 != 1080p720 != 720pand so on.inb4 you claim some semantic bullshit and say "you know what I mean"I would agree, but then I'd also agree you're a fucking dumbass for that argument in the first place
look at the image you posted. you can fit 4 1080p displays in one 4k display
'4K' is a digital cinema standard that was defined as 4096x2160. Television marketers have just co-opted and abused the term.
This
UHD is 8K and is what 4K was derived from.
close enough
The problem is that's fucked up and counter to everything that's come before it.Because everything that came before it was stupid.
1920x1080p was first referred to as 2k when the previous generation of consoles was released. 3840x2160 is still 4 times the pixels so it's no small feat.
because 4096x2160.
Why is full hd called full hd if resolution is increasing by the day? Something full can't get fuller, sounds like a paradox...
Doesn't matter, apple shills will still buy it
They should've just call it 2160p.It's fucing retarded.
This, le marketing buzzwords make it sound stupid and confusing because then you have like 3 different resolutions that are technically uhd or 4k or whatever the fuck it is.
It would be called 'letina display' in this case.
A lot easier to casually say "ten eight-y"  than it is to say "twen-ty-one-six-ty"
somebody actually downloaded my OCenjoy m8, did you get the pepe one too?
1280x720 = HD1920x1080 = FullHDDon't pretend to be retarded
buying AMD GPUs in 2015
buying NvidiaTop Pleb
Why did the hiring manager's dialog have to change to comic fucking sans in the last game?
not just downloading new GPUs
gorhill's autism strikes again. This this time he decided to play God with browser permissions, without knowing that Chrome has a protection system that automatically disables extensions that add a fuckton of new permissions overnight to take over your browser. So much for "no new features" and "maintenance version".His users are now all changing the extension rating to one star: 
uses chromeyou don't deserve such a thing as uBlock
You're a week late Wladimir.
ChromeAnd... Nothing was lost
uBlock has always been a Chrome extension. The Firefox version was published very recently.
You're implying that i use the latest version. I don't.Why would i need to update? Everything is fine on my 6 month old extension.
chromewho cares?
using ChromeCan't save you when the browser itself is undermining it.
uDisabled
I stand by my statement you massive faggotGOOGLE THAT WAS A FENCE NOT A GOD DAMNED STREET SIGN
select all street signstheres some fucking for sale sign in one of the images
Kek
not using chromeWhat the fuck do you use? Shitterfox?
I see this as a long term project. My decision will be proven right in the long run. People knee jerking without fully understanding what really went on is not a good reason for me to weaken good privacy habits. There will be a setting next version to re-enable it if you want, but prefetching will always be disabled by default, for all the reasons invoked. My track record is that of not compromising users' interests for the benefits of data miners etc., and disabling prefetching is consistent with this.Too bad, shills, he's not going to cave to you OR the retards posting reviews. :^
uHide
I just spilled ice cold water all over my leg after I forgot my water bottle was uncapped :
It's uDisabled now.
ublock and ublock origin together have above 250000 users now
Who cares when you can just use ublock origin?
Woops, I just realised this IS ublock origin. Sorry.
AM A HUGE FAGGOT WHO IS UNABLE TO READ PLEASE RAPE MY FACE

uBlock starting on Chrome is like champignons growing on manure.
I don't get the meme, why is just hiding the ad worse than actually blocking it?
I still don't get the difference between the two. My ublock became ublock origin one day.
Wastes bandwidth, memory/cache, and exposes you to third parties. Flash objects might also contain malware.Luckily all of that hiding stuff is bullshit
Gorhill's ublock has a different ID so they can update independently. Gorhill's branch is more privacy and security focused. Alex/Chris are just aiming for an adblock replacement.
Chrome users are retarded as fuck. Check out the reviews of uBlock on the Chroms Web Store.
I don't get why people use this buggy piece of shit beta software, when ABP works great.Until this guy gets his head out of his ass, I'm sticking with what works.
buggy piece of shit beta softwareCan you even show one example of where this is "buggy"?  It works as advertised, and i have not seen one single bug that isn't due to other plugins.
kill yourself botnetfaggot
chromeNo one cares about your babby toy. Even gorhill realises what piece of shit it is.
install Linspire
uBlock is maintained by a highschool teenager who hasn't even taken a calculus class yet.uBlock Origin on the other hand is maintained by an Atari Programmer.
It's the second time I see this meme today, what the fuck is going on?
How many cents do you get per post?
Why would I shill?It's really simple. I tried uBlock, it didn't work as advertised. I tried ABP, it worked great. Saw no speed difference between either. uBlock is really a pointless piece of software, it's a clone of a program that works perfectly already.
g is basically faggots, if you havent noticed.linux = shitublok = shitthinkpads = shitmpc hc = shitfirefox = shit
You forgot mpv = shit.
Now everybody who mocked Chis can stand corrected. His version turned out to be superior. It doesn't fuck up your permissions and won't disable itself every day.
Chris go away..
Because I looked up this Chris and ABP, I stumbled upon all this shit:stuff
using uhide unironically

Our team is already making a program to give the user a virus if they enter with an adblocker. Our site, our rules ... lel
You fucking disgust me. You really don't have anything better to do, you fucking troll. This is a man's work, his project and you are talking shit about it just like that? Just becouse you are on an anonimouse image board this is still real life, you autist. This shit is really inappropriate. GO AND FUCK YOURSELF!
calm down gorhill
i hide my dik in ur mum
chrome silently disables ublock origin and umatrix because permissions    all it does in an attempt to notify me is change the menu button to orange    obviously i don't notice that while browsing    browse porn site    advertisement loads    ad was infected with malware    host machine infected    THANK YOU GOOGLE
Prefetching is garbage and a waste of resources.
ad was infected with malwarehost machine infectedThis is beyond my understandings.Between those two steps must be a lot of idiotic behavior.
the fuck is everyone ignoring this post? He literally explain everything even pointing to the part of code concerned.
b-but muh smooth and fast
ABP shills
It won't be working in near future in Firefox too, as they also implanting some protection, so no shitty extension will be changing something in options.
How did you not notice ads before you started browsing porn?
Only allowing signed addons has nothing to do with their permissions.
This is actually an awesome logo. I don't have money to donate to you, so have one of the best links I've ever stumbled upon in all these years: yeah, needs flash but it's worth it.
le ublock death maymayle ABP is still better maymayno. fuck off to reddit
New meme 
lol /r/ublock is actually the only place in this world where people support Chris and use his version.
posting this shit 
i was distracted
le ebin uhide maymay:^
use that other guy's unlockeverything works as it shouldswitch to gorhill's unlock and use exact the same settingsyoutube videos no longer workkek
Support the development at ^_^"
This is exactly the kind of shit that makes me not want to use uBlock. The creator and all his supporters are absolutely insane. Go peddle crazy somewhere else.
ayy lmao
normie plsLetting how other people behave influence your choice of software is retarded.
Nice shill, Chris.
I'm sorry you've never felt passionate about a cause. You don't know what it is like to have something to believe in and fight for. Millions of people are hostage of ABP+ mischiveous agreements with ad agencies. A man called Raymound Hill Gorhill came to rescue us, and has been working hard on it for 16 months or so without asking anything in return. If you can't understand why we are grateful for his work, I can only feel sorry for you.
A man called Raymound Hill Gorhill came to rescue us, and has been working hard on it for 16 months or so without asking anything in return.Don't lie gorhill, you are on M$ payroll.

All it takes to fix ABP is uncheck one box on the options. Your "hero" created an entire program just to uncheck a box. Do you realize how retarded that is? Do you realize how crazy you sound?
You can't fix bloated shit like abp.
ABP is not bloated in the least bit. It does exactly what it's supposed to do and nothing else.
hun, check out the charts at 
b-but I'm not chrisI just wish adblock edge was still around
We've all seen those charts. Have you actually tried both programs in the real world? There is zero noticeable performance difference between uBlock and ABP. It's like a crazy person decided to reinvent the wheel.
ABE dev admits ublock origin is superiornice try
Are you mistaking uBlock with ABE ?Are you perhaps a retard ?
Talk back to us when ABP adds an easy to use pop-up panel showing domain connections and dynamic filters.
Have you actually tried both programs in the real world?Yes and my ff is snappier with ublock on my q9550.
ThisNobody uses abp except old people
Lol I don't believe you.I've tried both on  budget AMD processor with 8gb RAM and noticed zero difference. I welcome anyone to try it themselves to see.
nice try abp shill


mfw people unironically use lagfox
It's been so shit lately too. I have to restart it after an hour of browsing because it gets so laggy
what didn't work as advertised for you?
but le bawtnets
not using nightly
sameI am or better to say I was
Shit sucks but what else can we use?
 being an unpaid test monkey
I tried both on my fx 8350 with 8gb of ram and abp is a ramwhore.But I welcome someone else to try it.
firefox = shitenjoy your memory hog browser
better a stable memory hog that knows how to allocate memory than a browser that uses little but accumulates it so fast that it starts becoming unbearably slow after 1.2GB
not using developer edition
using uHideeverTry using both ABE and uHide with easylist and notice how uHide lets some ads slip through. Hilarious how much this shovelware got shilled, everything about it is shit like the worthless element picker you'd need a proper one with uHide constantly. ABL master race reporting out.
Try using both ABE and uHide with easylist and notice how uHide lets some ads slip through.Same here. It's sad how /g/ pretends that uBlock doesn't have these problems. Ads are simply there, just check your cache folder if you don't believe me.
And botnet. kek
What the fuck is this shit? I don't want to use shitty ublock
I thought the nazi were clever.
chrome
shitty ABP port runs like crap on shitty chromeublock runs a lot faster on itfirefox ABP runs finehurrdurr firefox is much faster with ublockNo it's not. It runs as fast as ABP but has a really shitty configuration page
Then don't, you fucking retard.
class="quote"there’s an overhead of about 4 MiB per iframeuBlock runs as slow as ABPmagical thinking: injecting 14,000+ CSS rules per iframe adds no CPU overhead
At the public library I found an exploit to the computer system. Find C:/ that was hidden. CheckFind System32 folder. CheckFind Registry Editor. CheckFind Notepad. CheckFind CMD. Check.Use Process Explorer to freeze computer time management module. Check.Unlock volume limit. Check.Use VPN to access any site and torrent at will. Check.Should I tell them or leave it alone? Do you think they already know but don't know there are hackers around?
I created a shortcut to C: and to COMMAND.COM and now I'm a hackerok
Hacker is someone who looks for weaknesses and vulnerabilities in a computer system or network.
Guys what is going on? Let me prepare a list of currently active threads:gpu shill threadmackbook shill threadheadphone shill threadapple shill threadwindows 10 shill threadphone shill threadwatch shill threadchromebook shill threadspeaker shill threadublock shill threadThose are the first 20 threads, I don't even want to continue. Among those threads there were maybe 10 threads related to actual technology like something about old operating systems, programming, tech rants, software etc. Everything else is filled with shilling, harmful hardware and harmful software. When did it all go wrong /g/? What happened to this board?Remember: if you feel that your path is not the righteous one and see the error of your ways there always is the time for change.
And remember, all software sucks, but some software sucks less. You can always switch to less harmful software. Free software is a first good step but I recommend reading more about why certain software is harmful. I think cat-v.org or suckless.org would be a good place to start.
Corporations realized how fucking significant /g/ is so they send their shills here.
That is possible, but I think we could limit the amount of memes and baiting on this board. Everyone feels the need to bait other people. Linux users bait Windows users, Windows users make troll threads about WIndows 10 and get excited when people are butthurt and on top of that there is a group which screams GNU/LINUX. And that is just the tip of the iceberg. I tis funny on /b/ or /int/ but I remember that there was a time when you could actually talk about technology here.
The sad part is they don't need to send shills. Fanboys defend companies and their products for no money.
GLENDALENDA
The sad part is that people are focused on bullshit jokes and not on the actual discussion. Go through a random thread and try to count the meaningful posts which serve any purpose. You will see how bad the things are. Everyone just posts useless crap.
HEY AMD FAGSGOT JUST ORDERED MY 7 980TISU SALTY?!HOWS THAT TOASTER GOIN?Everyday.
I mean just look at that:What is the point of that thread? It is only meant to bait and annoy people. We are the second /b/ now. A thread which is focused on the discussion of new Windows system is fine, but that is not the purpose of that thread. The purpose of that thread is pure shitposting.Just look at the posts:this triggers the linux autistfreetards BTFO/reddit/etcnot a single meaningful post.
Plus even if someone makes a serious thread about something it immediately gets raided by other people who posts the same old jokes. I don't even remember when I saw some good OC, there is some thread about an OS going on right now which I like. There used to be more threads where people shown the devices they found, or cool things they created. As I am saying it is all up to you guys. Memes can be fun but right now this 90% memes.
people who talk about things I don't care about are literally paid shills
This board went completely downhill since windows 10 emerged.Dayli Smartphone threads are an annoyance, but what can you do? The mods don't mind obviously.
Go through some random threads, friend, and read my other posts. The problem is that everyone is shitposting instead of talking about tech. The purpose of those threads is not to discuss technology.
I know right? I mean, look at all this talking on that window thread, really high level uh?
Want to know how we can tell you're new here?
In fact there is a thread about Windows 10 right now where the OP said that he wants to have a discussion. Since people are annoyed by all the shitposts and shitpost in response the replies are all negative and full of memes. Very few good posts in that thread.Instead of talking about flaws or strengths of the software people post "install gentoo" over and over again.
I can tell that you are new here because it wasn't always like this. People posted jokes but also were able to have a discussion at the same time.
who cares? he is right, doesn't matter if he started browsing /g/ yesterday or 10 years ago
Its nice to know I'm not the only one who actually wants to discuss technology without it becoming internet show-and-tell. This nigga gets it
The problem is that mods don't give a shit, and without a ban the shitposters will not go away
It is mostly about mentality. Everyone tries to be the smart one who posts the wittiest joke.
Makes me wonder why these same people complain about Reddit while stooping to the same level.
Literally install gentoo.
I don't even mind the people who have legit questions about some device too much.But I can't stand the "I just bought X, did I do good?" threads.Like, what the fuck, why would you ask AFTER you bought it?
OP,check out lainchan;
Does anyone got any device with any of this Mobile OSs? How you feel with it? What is your experience?what is crappy?what is better than other mobile OSs?
will chrome ever drop h.264 support like they promised?
no opinions /g/?
/G/ doesn't even use it. How should it know?
no
Doesn't /g/ stand for /g/oogle?
It's /g/entoo
Bot/g/net
What do you do with your old laptops, /g/?Each year when I buy a new laptop, I just give the old one away to a family member.
I throw them away.
I just keep them and use them sometimesI carry around a usb stick with Mint and it's my main laptop OS.Serves to browse the web, write a bit, read a bit, watch something, listen to something. It's enough.A friend got handed an old Pentium III Toshiba laptop with some 2cm thick body, I feel so tempted to make it a portable beast.Biggest issue is 4:3 screen, but still
How do you only get 1 year of use out of your laptops?
Keep them. Each year when I buy a new laptopStop buying Acershit, then you won't need a new laptop every year4:3issueno.
Each year? You have a problem.
By not being poor?
By beein a gay faggot..
Stay mad, poorfag.
I offer them to some less well off kid in my neighbourhood. As he reaches out to accept the laptop, I crack it over my knee. Never gets old.
I dropped off my Dell Vostro laptop at the electronics recycling center. It'll probably get shipped off to India or Bangladesh so someone earning two cents a day can remove all the precious metals and toxic materials from it.
I need to try this.
I sell it while I have a chance. Good thing I really take care of them, and keep the boxes and documentation, so I can still charge a little more. If I can't find a buyer, I give it away of keep it for the parts. I don't buy laptops yearly.
Give em to my mom.
Why do you update every year?Surely you can't be running something that intensive that requires the latest laptop every 12 months.
OP must be American.
Not to defend him, but rMBPs are good computers to change every refresh cycle. Sell the old one for 80% of retail, get new one. You can stay pretty up to date with that method. Not sure how well it would work on non-Apple laptops because of their much more drastic depreciation.
Guess what? I got an idea.Lets make a campaign to stop any "slim" device from being produced, we will complain that these device's manufacturers are fat shaming the consumers with ads like "flat", "slim" and "thin" or "lightweight" and "featherweight".After then, we could finally get normal sized device again and stop this muh thin faggotry.
What third world country do you live in that you can't afford to trash all your tech once a year and buy everything new and better?
Thin laptops are great though. Makes things a lot easier when you have a laptop you need to carry around a lot, or would like to carry around a lot and it's fairly lightweight.
Unless you're on at least $100,000+ a year, this is pretty retarded.
Give it to a family member
So you're a poorfag?
Laptops are NOT your posessions, mere 'things' to be carried around. Transporting a laptop without clear, verbal consent is rape. You are clearly intimidated by a real, heavy, thick laptop because it reminds you of your physical shortcomings and inadequacies. You make me sick, shitlord.
bought a rMBP in late 2013 to do thisproceeded to jack up the prices in 2014 so the margin I would pay on top is just too much to make it worthwhile nowI was so close too.
earning less than $100k? yes :
America.
ouch man, sorry you got burned by that. though, I don't remember, how much was the rMBP in 13 compared to 14? Was it really that much? Even right now, you could sell a 13 rMBP for 1k, that is, if it's the base model
I'm in australia, I managed to snag a late 2013 13" for something like $1350, but they're $1800 now. Honestly don't know what happened prices just went up, I'm pretty sure the just re-adjusted the pricing because the Aussie dollar was falling.
You must be a nigger then or a spic.
for what purpose?can't you spend that sort of money else where?
I do this all the time. Best time to sell them is about 2 weeks before the new ones will be released. You get a very decent amount, especially if you bought not just the base model. Also works with iPads, iPhones and pretty much any other macshit. I'm not even the biggest fan of apple, but always having the newest hardware is great. It's basically 150-200 bucks a year for a brand new laptop, which is about 12.50-15.60~ a month and thats about the amount I pay for my WoW subscription.
oh shit, that sounds bad. sorry to hear that man. I'm pretty sure rMBPs have been around $1300 in the U.S. since they got introduced. yeah, i'd like to start doing it, but I like my old MBP too much. it's really shit that Apple took away being able to upgrade the drive/RAM, since it would have cost me around $2k to get my machine new, whereas I've only paid around $1300 for doing the upgrades myself.
for what purpose?Because freedom.
i take them apart for parts, reuse the parts on other peoples computers. i have about 30gb of ram sticks for laptops just filling a box, got like 4 full chassis and lots of screens/keyboards. 4 thinkpad nibs spare, lots of small 80-350gb hdd's that i use on my t400 for changing os depending on what i am doing.
Have you bought your LOLITA mechanical keyboard yet, /g/?
because my Dell OEM keyboard is just fine.
Check out that sweet backlit key.
no numpadInto the trash it goes
numpad
Yes, I would be using it right now but I'm on my thinkpad
not using the numpad
Who the fuck even uses numpad besides data entry slaves?
Me.Not everyone is using english keyboard layout, you know?I can't type numbers without numpad.
yes
fumbling about like an imbecile on the linear numeric keys
I actually own 2 of these.
You are now on a list.
Hackers that love script bindings.
What we need is a numpad that can slide onto either the left or right of the keyboard or not have it at all.
link to buy from cheap bullshitty aliexpresslike asian website please
Why this instead of the dozens of other optionsis it because it's called a lolitathere's not even animes on itjust stop man
What is the point of the plane?
I have a keycool 84 with cherry browns and some other keycool with kailh browns. They don't feel half as good as the cherry switches. They feel... inconsistent.
Because I'm not an autistic sperg lord?
My sister actually uses one.
 look for this keyboard on amazon get v&wat do?
to crash...WITH NO SURVIVORS!!
tfw no Lolita keyboardtfw can't post about fingering my Loli on /g/
inb4 this shit starts selling loads because of /g/ and a stupid 'i'm a lolicon so i buy this xD' meme
but if you are a lolicon then this is the keyboard you must have
I love my numpad, I enter long strings of numbers a lot and used to be a cashier, so it is a habit.
I bet mom and dad are proud.
naw, as a lolicon I think I'll stick with my filco
I sorta want one just for shock value when I have somebody use my keyboard.
These guys know their target audience, I almost want one just for the branding.
im a huge unrepentant lolicon and have been for 14 years but ill stay with the model m.it has a nice name, though.
kailh switches
Only amazon has it in stockCan't order amazon items to australiaThe whole "I'm a lolicon XD" meme has existed for a while now. However it's one of those memes that normies can't get into, and those who pretend to be a lolifag end up being grossed out when they get surrounded by the people they're pretending to be, similar to any sort of wannabe group.
I'm a bit baffled by the use of a Boeing 737 on their advertisement.
chink and their sukky sukky one dorrar english
What the fuck are kalim switches?Is it some sort of arab meme?
Basically the most foolproof meme
they're awful chink cherry bootlegs that break within a couple of months of use
Kalih switchesHow much is it?
this the one you are talking about?
Lolita SpyderRock spider pedophile who preys on little girls LolitaDid the chinks do this on purpose to artificially segment their market? Wouldn't be surprised.
to artificially segment their market?what does this mean?
Non-english speakers who don't understand will pay less pretty sure this is the lowest price new mechanical currently available. English speakers who do will not accept and pay more to be absolved of associative burden. Ergo more overall profit.
buying an ugly keyboard with shitty knockoff switchesnopoopoo shills go away please
What about an ultrabay numpad?
People who play muds.It's the perfect place macros for any software
It's like a gaming brand keyboard.Just put LOLITA on it and some weeb is gonna buy it.
Want a wireless mech to replace my CM QuickfireNone exist bar the shit 66 key Rapoo
When will there be a keyboard with the numpad on the left?I hate crossing my hands when entering a ton of data.
I would have bought one if it used Cherry or Gateron switches.
that's disappointing. the kailh reds are just fine.
for the soul purpose soul
Why not buy a stand alone numpad?
looks like shit tbh
Hey its been YEARS since ive torrented crap...where the fuck did all the decent sites go?Look im just lookin for a couple of movies and some older games...where the fuck do I go these days? piratebay is gone, btjunkie is gone and isohunt sites all seem suspect as fuck.
kat
torrents2015The war is over. The Nazis won.
seriously? no one pirates ANYTHING anymore? Look im just tryin to get a few movies do I really need to get a hard time over this shit?
searching anything regring kick ass torrents gets me sent to a site for downloading an application...this is INCREDIBLY suspect...so unless you have a URL handy then thats a non option
Why are you even here? This is the most basic of shit, find the answer yourself.
This, kill yourself please.
this. and demonoid.
tpb isn't gone you fuckwitthepiratebay.gd
You could have storm troopers kick your door in for torrenting gentoo these days.ISHYGDDT
TPB still seems alright, though I use Kickass now.
tpb.se works faggitUse kat instead if you can't pirate in the pirate bay for some reason.That or join a private tracker, although you would need a decent speed.
This is the best torrent site of all times: SHARE! TOP-SECRET.aka use Google you fucking idiot.
/g/ is officially fucking worthless...
thepiratebay is down again? theres kickass torrents
lmgtfyle funy alien meme xD
We're not here to be your friend and help you.
Yo OP! You can thank me later: 
Fast link, I usually use this one: everyone else scam fags
chances are you're clicking an ad, not the magnet link or the .torrent file you genius..Christ are you one of those people who click the "you win a free Ipad" banners?
Why you people fucking make these same threads all the time... if you had literally just googled pirate bay you would have found the most recent link...
.sxNigga...
Gaylen faggotSwedish authorities have filed a motion at the District Court of Stockholm on behalf of the entertainment industries, demanding the seizure of two Pirate Bay domain names. In addition to the Swedish-based .se domain the motion also includes the new Icelandic .is TLD. In a rapid response, The Pirate Bay has just switched to a fresh domain, ThePirateBay.sx, registered in the northeastern Caribbean island of Sint Maarten.source: 
Kat pls
all these helpful replies to a moronic faggotthis moronic faggotGod, and I told myself the invasioni didn't happen.
Who is this spaff giraffe?
thepiratebay.moe when?
Noelle by Hunter Hogan.
Ever heard of google friend?
Thepiratebay.seAnd stream anything free on solarmovie.is
And HBO AMC TBS and basically american channels free live stream on tvtoss.com
If you get a VPN in Europe you can get free streams of NFL games legally.
Kickass torrents, haven't used much else in a while.
implying my recommendation isn't legal
, 
will windows 10 finally make it worth it to buy a lumia phone for any reason other than aesthetics?
bump
windows phone ever being relevant.
I just returned from the future, ask me anything OP
No. They already look do pretty, but Internet Explorer phone
phone aestheticsThe only people who give a shit about which phone you're using are just going to assume you're poor/weird if you're not using the latest Iphone.
Only more apps can save it.
Nope.
Assuming either A The majority of major app makers port their android apps to W10, or B It's legal for people other than the original app makers to do A, happens, then yes W10 will make Lumia great.
Why not? That seems to be what's stopping most people, me included.
Project Astoria
had a wp 7/7.5 and a wp 8 and it's the perfect phone for people that don't do a lot with their phones. but everyone else need a shitload of more apps. the apps are the one thing that's bad about the os, as  said
That's cool, I wish them luck. We need more competition in the mobile OS market.
Mostly happy with my Lumia 640, feels like I've gotten more than I payed for at times, like how no nonsense functional it is, but it's not the phone for you if you love dicking around with apps. Hoping that something will come from this though, but I'm not holding my breath:
Will it finally support the saving of .gifs?
It's an internet explorer phone. Did you try mobile IE?
Yes.
Le IE is bad may mayIt's quick and stable. Nothing wrong with it.
Resuming
It's already worth it to buy a Windows Phone.
Ships in 1 to 2 monthsNIGGA WHAT?Where the fuck can I buy a 980ti right now?
It's a paperlaunch, what the fuck did you expect?
reference 980tis are readily available :^
85°Cnoisyno real overclockingno backplateHave fun, if you're not going to wc them then reference is fucking terrible.
hence ":^"
I can't into youth-speak, sorry.
have gift cards at best buyevga superclocked + w/backplate at best buy for $500i don't need it. but man do I want it.:^ has been used to represent sarcasm on 4chin for years nowyou're just new
I'm starting to think no backplate is a feature. They run cooler without.
25% is not real oc
The cooler is already running at 40dB with stock clocks and easily hits 80+°C. No thanks, I prefer NOT having a jet-engine in my room. Not to mention that power delivery is a limiting factor with the reference design as well. This is a 250W card at stock clocks, stop spouting nonsense.
Ebay for $950 :^I know because I've already sold a few.SELECT ALL FOOD
980ti doesn't overclock!it does 25%I said overclock without noise!
shitpostingoverclocking on a reference cardputting up with a retarded amount of noiseHow about no? Why the fuck would you do that? Nobody does that because it's retarded as fuck.
I do it. My reference 980 overclock like champs. Sure it's loud but I've haven't gamed without headphones on since 2004.
Congratulations, you are retarded.
k
they only launched it so cucks will buy it before AMD launches new cards
holy fuck you are retardedbefore amd launches new cardsand when are they doing that exactly? 300 series is just rebrands
in 2 weeks
install Linspire
300 series is just rebrandsMost of the 300 series is a rebrand. The 390X is definitely not a rebrand.As for the rest, it's all rumours. We'll only know for sure what is and is not a rebrand when AMD actually releases information about the cards.All the information we have now is rumourmill shit that was made up by someone.
it is you cuckthe non rebrands will be called fury
No, fury is their titan competitor series, the naming comes from the ATi 'fury' cards- the high end versions of their Rage cards.Remember back then?No you don't because the old ATi Rage Fury cards are older than you are.Fury is what they're naming shit higher than the 390X.Least that's what people with braincells think- we won't know for sure UNTIL AMD ACTUALLY ANNOUNCES INFORMATION ABOUT ITDon't you fucking get it? Everything that has come out already has either been leaked or completely fabricated. Those that leak it are not reliable since anyone with reliable information signed an NDA
980 ti Strix when?
implying anyone will read thiskill yourself amdcuck
Should've waited for MAD to announce their new Housefury X at E3.
Planning to upgrade to this in 1-2 years from a amd 6770.How much does nvidia cards drop in price over time?
Usually $200-250 at most before production stops and prices skyrocket again.
so about $750 at the lowest? bought my current card for $150 about 3-4 years ago, still plays most games on med-high, needs cuda cores for rendering though.
What is wrong with you
$400 at the lowest.
that's a bit more reasonable
I just bought a 980 2 weeks before the 980ti realise.wat do
Try to stay up to date on tech news when making a major purchase.
New or used? If you can get a second one. 980 SLI is probably the best deal going right now if you buy them used. Better performance than Titan X for about the same price as the 980ti
nvidiashills will defend this
yearsnot since last summer
If it's EVGA, use the step up program. Ship it in, pay the difference, get a brand new 980ti in
Aren't back plates meant to add rigidity to long cards to reduce the sagging effect?This problem can be solved by either chaning the mounting standard and adding a second support point or making the cards shorter and wider.
In EU there's a 2 week time to return products ordered online, no questions asked. In fact, it's 1 month if you're cheeky. So I can try all the cards I want.
I would do this if I didn't have a 600W PSU.
Man, people should really stop recommending Sli and crossfire.
implying that matters since you should be water cooling them anyway.
preordered two 980 ti windforce cards off neweggI've never preordered hardware before.  Feels weird man.  Probably really stupid too.
How the fuck are some 3rd party 980TI's over 150€ more expensive than others? Namely Gigabyte, ASUS and MSI.
Maybe because they are not in stock yet. I expect the prices to flatten out when there is plenty of cards in stock.
That does seem like a really stupid idea to me. I'd see if if I can cancel the order if I were you.780ti also became a waste of money when the 970 launched and that was just a rebrand that remained on 28nm but next year both AMD and nVidia are going for 14nm with HBM2 so your current cards will be much worse by then in comparison. Also you don't get high tier dx12 compatibility and you're getting jewed with SLI.I don't know how can justify the 1500 bucks or whatever you're paying with all of these points against it.
you don't get high tier dx12 compatibilityHuh?
Because of 'muh branding shills' :^
CURRYTECH CONFIRMS 300 SERIES PRICESMID-TIER CARD BUYERS REJOICE970/980 IS KILLthis is my first shitpost so please be kind
wccftech "inside leaks"I'd rather trust niggers with my money.
wccftech
Has /g/ noticed the anon who always replies first to every thread always answers and sums up the thread in the most minimal, logical way possible?Who is this amazing /g/entooman??
It's me.
Are you a fat mountain of a man like in OP's pic?
It sounds like you only browse the shitty "...IS FINISHED" and "WHY AREN'T YOU USING..." threads.
Tell us more about yourself! Why do you never stick around when all the consumerists invade the thread?
My hair is a bit longer.
Pretty close yeah
Is this you?
it's an AI algorithm that lingers in 4chan's source code and learns every time a new thread is made.
this guy is ... strangely glorious.
no thats sysadmin
Back in the day, fat fucks like this were leaders of men. Your ancestors were more likely to live if they had respected and followed people of the same figure so it is probably genetic.
He looks like a boss from Bloodborne
Not really. It was only chicks who were fat, so he would probably make a good trap if he lived then.
, 
I wanted to use a second monitor at my workplace but these shitty dell pcs don't have a second port because that would've been easy.nope, all they have is a second port that's 9-pin male vga, the second monitor has a male 15-pin vga cable. I haven't seen any female 15 to 9 pin adapters. and somewhere in the back of my mind, I vaguely remember that a 15 to 9 pin adapter wouldn't technically work. is my memory correct or am I far off?I know, /g/ isn't tech-support, but what other board should I ask? a quick yes or no would be suffice and the thread's gonepic somewhat related; it's what I have at hand and obviously doesn't work
Nigger that's a COM port not a fucking VGA port, get your shit together
welp, that answers my question.I'm and idiot.thanks anon
This made me spit out my coffee.
9-pin male vgaugh...
nigga get your shit together,that actually is a VGA port.Stupid nigger rekt cunt can't number pins on the plug.
All these faggots wailing about 9-pin VGAAt least it isn't 23 pin.
What's happening to technology lately?mfw I bought i5 2500k, HX750 still using it today fineNew cpus, psus, gpus and all that look like shit in comparison to what I bought 4-5 years ago. Look at the goddamn 290 its like 2 years old too.
bloat and moore's law had a racemoore's law wonmoore's law and particle physics had a raceparticle physics wonthere's no competitive advantage to pushing raw power because all "real" compute tasks are handled by clusters, so efficiency, ancillary features, and all-in-one capabilities are being pushed instead. it's kind of like how it took us 40 years to go from coal-fired carts to fully-enclosed automobiles which could operate at highway speeds, and the past 80 years have just been more efficient engines to move the larger, up-armored bodies we want now at the same speeds.
Most people use computers for facebook machines or watching youtube videos. Maybe some will use them to play a few games on steam and eventually return to watching something on netflix.Thus demand for powerful CPUs is low right now and most people only care about buying computers for under $1,000. With that said CPU designers like Intel and AMD don't really push tech as much as they could. Nothing is stopping Intel from developing a 32 core CPU @ 2.0GHz and manufacturers from making a dual or quad cpu socket motherboards for said CPU. But even if they did develop such tech it would cost thousands of dollars and nobody would buy it.So now manufacturers are now only worried about cramming more CPU power on laptops and making them more power efficient.
Laptops.Nobody gives a shit about having powerful computers anymore, all people want now are portable computers. Thus CPU anf GPU companies have had to keep squeezing moore's law to satisfy the laptop craze. The result, power efficient but weak machines just powerful enough to browse facebook and youtube. Look at the apples newest laptop, it's so power efficient it underclocks to 800MHz whe under very heavy load. Soon everyone will have 10nm lithography CPU based laptops with 2 cpu cores capable of running on 1-2 watts. The downside?, a max of 1-1.6GHz clockspeed.
Nobody needs the raw power anymore. Except for you autistic spergs nobody needs 8 cores running at 5GHz. Even encoders don't give a shit anymore, they will gladly release a veryfast 22 crf h264 480p encode and call it a day.
Also:muh thin laptopmuh apple logomuh retina displayBasically what happened.
Nobody needs/wants the raw power anymore. Aside from gaymurrs an i3 is enough cpu for most
Dogshit software that is stuck in 2005 and doesn't take advantage of modern hardware.
tfw marketing killed technologyt-thanks steve
Diminishing returns. We can only squeeze out so much performace out of silocone now. I think 10nm is the end, after that other materials will have to be used.
The focus on energie efficiency and portabiliteit isn't neccesarily something bad. And no I don't own a macbook
People want cheaper computers. Remember when people used to spends thousands of dollars on computers before 2005? Now everyone is heading to best buy to buy the latest A8 or A6 HP laptop for $400-$600 and calling it a day.
those filthy casuals
I'd say the answer is pretty simple. Intel was simply able to outspend AMD on R n' D to such an extent they just couldn't keep up. After that Intel has had it's eyes set on where the actual growth has been for the last decade, i.e mobile and as a result even their desktop chips have become more and more power efficient. If AMD ever catches up in performance, Intel will just be able to completely overpower them by overclocking like crazy because of the space for that given by the level of efficiency.On the other hand I guess this was more or less inevitable. Intel kept AMD around mainly as a shield against anti-trust suits by governments and when AMD really gave Intel a trashing with the first Athlon 64 all the way to the first i-series chips. After that AMD was regulated to the budget alternative and now they're barely even that.Mind you, I'm running an i7 950 i.e a Nahalem on my rig and I'm not looking to upgrade in the near future ether. This is after all a CPU that came out in 2009 and is so old that if it was a person, it would be going to pre-school next fall.
moore's law vs law of diminishing returnsAll of the low-hanging optimization fruit has already been eaten by Intel and AMD, so now all we can get now is minor performance and efficiency gains each generation.
, 
, 
I am thinking of buying a new case. What features do you think are the most important when buying one, besides "design"?
acoustics and airflow, i only use one GPU and SSD so i don't really care about expandability.
However many usb ports you need in a convenient spot.No lights.
OP here.By the way, I would kindly welcome recommendations.
hdd slots, dust filters, fan size/count, noise dampening
Fractal's new R5 is a phenomenal case. Dead silent, dust filters, highly refined interior, power LED isn't a rescue beacon like the R4.The only downside is that the hipsters on /g/ will give you shit for your "lmao meemcase" because you didn't scour the internet for the most obscure chassis ever made, but if you're old enough to buy a pack of smokes, you probably already know better than to care.
Good space to assemble shit in there.Good support from the manufacturer e.g. replacement parts.Build Quality Metal over plastic.Support for different fan sizes.Air Filters.
Fractal's new R5Can you recommend me a specific model? Seems like there are many R5 models.
only design... i don't clock and try to make silent builds. Otherwise sound isolation might be an issue. And airflow if you make something more hardcore.
The only different models of the R5 are the colours and with/without a side window. Those are personal preference.
In this page:see something called R5 and something called "DEFINE R5". what is the difference?Also, what is the advantage of the window? Just the aesthetics?
The window would be if you wanna see the internals of the system. Like the other anon said: it's a personal preference.
Any other options beside the R5?
designairflowdesigndust filtersdesignpsu at the bottomdesignblack on inside unless the case is not blackdesignhdd bays accessible without taking out gfx card.designcable management room.designroom for expandability but not to big.designhigh quality parts.design
Anything from cooler master. good buttons, good audio connections, good build quality.
/mkg/ - Mechanical Keyboard GeneralBuyer's Guide: to Buy: Guide: class="quote"These are blank keycaps and come legend free which will help increase your typing speed while also removing any concern you might have of fading letters.Based Massdrop Edition.
Is Ducky Zero 2087s tenkeyless a quality board? Is Ducky trusted?
Ducky is known for boards of good quality, yes.I never had problems with my Shine3 - I can't compare it to the Zero though.
why not?
Because I never used a Zero, so comparing it would be based on the experiences of others. I'm sure they're are detailed reviews and such.
I've owned the Shine 4 and the DK2108S and I can tell you they are both great boards. You really can't go wrong with a Ducky.
Has anyone used gateron switches yet? I've heard their smoother than cherry mx
How good is the quality of WASD keycaps?Also, what should I change about my current design layout?If I get it, it'll be for my black Ducky Shine 3
Why don't more companies make keypads, goddamnitI use the tenkeypad regularly, but I want to get a tenkeyless and a matching keypad that doesn't send the wrong keycodes... why can't I have this? Why? Fuck it. Fuck life.
I've heard they suck.
Shit.
ansieiiiwww
get a fully programmable keyboard you faggot
tfw Shine 3 out of stock everywhere
Is the Corsair K70 a good keyboard?
the best.
What keyboard? That thing looks sexy
Absolute shit.
looks like a shine 3 with blank caps
Nope.Shine 4 with Gateron caps.
"Waiting for massdrop to ship my shit" general
Postan my Lego case again. Forgive the shoddy quality, nexus 6 has an awful camera
That gateron keycaps look nice and I just got my taihao keycaps..I don't know if I want to get it from massdrop though.
Is upgrading from a laptop rubberdome keyboard to a mech guaranteed to improve your WPM once you get used to it?
Maybe, maybe not.
Why not have a consistent color? Or if you want it colorful, why not have it symmetric.
Legos above the bottom rowDisgusting
I'll probably try rebuilding, but as of now this is the best cause of my lack of parts. It's not. Covering it, there's a bit of aluminum showing so I have plates covering that bit. It shouldn't interfere at all
Anyone here from E.E that got an item from massdrop? Where there any extra taxes during customs?
E.E
My bad mang. In my country it's like that.E.U.
I never liked blank keycaps, but to each their own I guess.  I want a keyboard that looks like my Realforce, but with Cherry reds.  The best I can find is a Leopold off that Korean guy on eBay.
Has anyone tried the KBP V60 Mini? I'm thinking of getting either that or the Pok3r for my first mk
It's legos, why does it need to be a consistent color? I think it adds charm
muh placebo keyboards
Don't go for the Pok3r unless you need the 4 Layer programability. Everything else about this board is pretty bad.If I'm not mistaken every country in the EU has different customs. In germany you got to pay for basically everything above 25€, including shipping.
So should I get the V60 mini then?I'm from Belgium and it's been pretty hard finding decent choices that ship from the EU.
Hmm...
Poor QCFast dying/fading LEDsnon standard bottom row so you can't use aftermarket keycapspoor quality keycapsbuggy drivers that crash all the timejarring transitions for RGB versionsBad RMA processExpensive for what you getetc
Be nice.
oh boo hoo.did i hurt your feelings? are you going to cry?
I don't know about the V60 but I have a Pok3r and a Ducky Mini YOTH.The Ducky, which is apart from the case the same as the standard version, outperforms the Pok3r imo. Only the PBT-Caps are a nice to have feature, but their stems shine through and the printing is shitty. No backlight and the shitty case printed, not anodized really piss me off. The Pok3r is an OK keyboard, but if you don't need the programmability you are better of with another keyboard.I was joking. K70 isn't the worst you could possibly get, but there are some major problems. While this guy  is exaggerating the bottom-row and the quite bad standard keycaps will turn out to be a problem.
hey /g/ can i buy regular OEM keycaps for my cherry mx switches that have LEDs?
you're antagonizing a man with a substantial firearm collection
Implying any of those are real
why would you want anything else after the realforce. specifically why would you want linear cherry switches, they're shit
Whats wrong with the pok3r?
Honestly? Yeah UV Coated ABS isn't as premium a choice compared to PBT. But many high end keyboards will use UV Coated ABS or even uncoated ABS keycaps.Unless you're a mechanical keyboard veteran who's always used PBT caps, you probably won't notice much wrong with them at all, if anything.And honestly does keyshine really bother people THAT much?
Get your stupid fucking guns and lego models out of the way, kiddo. No one cares.Just show the fucking board.
Any good RGB programmable keyboards out there?
ansiISO keyboards are for wankers.
does anyone sell a colemak board besides WASD?
your mam
no, she only sells updog
wank my arse mate
What are you waiting for /mkg/?Ivan's PBT3Ivan's PBT4GMK CYMKv2GMK HyperfuseGMK Triumph AdlerGateron PBT Purple DyesubKMAC2 A87U PCB
What's updog?
I don't know, she never told meIt's probably some kind of drug
waiting for Unicomp to make an SSK
They're never going to make one. Their TKL they posted isn't anything like the SSK layout
GuntardHope you're ready for the gun grabs amerifat
tfw euro family boarded onto trains
are the gaterons on geekhack shipped from the US?
I want an mk for gaming but I have no idea lol
Just buy the cheapest MX Blue or MX Red board and call it a day.
wbu the MX black ? and any kind of board would do ?
Ordered a CM quickfire rapid-I today. How fucked am I?
If you don't want clicky, then get blacks/browns and o rings or some shit
Well Red and Blue tend to be the first switches people use, I would recommend Blue's if you've never used any cherry switched before.are heavy RedsGreens are heavy BluesBlues are Clicky and slightly heavier BrownsBrowns are tactile RedsIf all you do Is type go buy a Model M off ebay.
good link thank you, I prefer something that is not clicky, and that wont kill my fingers after 1 hour of use after typing or gaming,,,,I am thinking about the brown maybe ?
Not that poster, but what else would you recommend? I want MX browns and RGB lights for the razzle dazzle.pic is my current, and very sad keyboard
I have a unicomp customizer right now, what are some sleek mechanical keyboards that simulate the buckling spring feel? I LIKE MY TYPING LOUD
Nothing. Cherry clicky switches don't feel very substantive in terms of click. Clicky ALPS are the only thing that I would say has as good of a click as BS.
shiny piano black plastic surfaceon a device that you put your fingers on constantlyWhy do people do this shit to themselves? Do they have a fingerprint fetish or something?
Typical 15 year old gamur attitudes:Shiny is betterRazer has an edgy logo, so it's betterGreen backlighting is the bestIt's gaming-branded, so it's good for gaming
tfw Matias Quiet Click switches are clicky as fuck yet quiet like rubber domes
I have one with the Matias Quiet Click switches I mentioned here .I fucking love it.
how are the unicomp keyboards? if they actually are buckling spring replicas of model M keyboards i might as well get one if they are actually decent
They use the same manufacturing equipment but with a different plastic formula. Master race is Model F with Unicomp keycaps.
I'm gonna order the K70 with brown switches today. the non RGB version, obviouslyHow much/10 does /mkg/ hate me now?
Bought it cheap when I built my computer a while back. Keys aren't shiney though Anon wants a better keyboard Asks board for advice TooCool4Skool slams anon for wanting to improve his setupFuckin' ace m8 Y
Why should we care if you waste your money?
Who do bad things have to look good?
Well, /mkg/ seemed to care before I ordered it and told me to buy some 60% or 80% keyboards, because "who needs numpads anyways, right?"Also shitty white keyboards with topre switches and keyboards that just look plain gross.I dont mind paying 40$ extra for some looks.I have 2 old IBM keyboards with buckling spring on my other PCs, so fuck off you maymayfags and stop implying I dont know shit about quality.I know, im overpaying, and I know that the k70 is not as good as other keyboards in that price category. But after testing it, I'm sure it'll be good enough for me to type on for the rest of its lifetime.Also:MX switchesin any keyboardimplying they are not the same
Because they focus more on looks than functionality, because it gives them sales.
It seems like you're the one who cares what /mkg/ thinks and not the other way around.
I had some firmware issues with that one, which ultimately let to a bricked keyboard who would have thought. It also runs terribly on linux. I would not recommend it.
Nah, just wanted to release a bit of my anger after weeks of missinformation.Also /mkg/s FAQWhy does it seem like /g/ hates Razer and Corsair mechanical keyboards?Corsair mechanical keyboards have a certain aesthetic to them which attracts a specific demographicTop. Kek.Corsair boards use a non-standard layout for the 5th row. This makes buying after market keycap sets difficultI will probably never replace them, so fuck it.0 arguments against Corsair that really matter to most people and I still believed you guys for a few moments that Corsair is THAT inferior.Im running Linux on a WM and the one I tested worked as it should. Also firmware issues seem to be patched, just as the dying LED thing everyone was mad about.
weeks of missinformationhordes of people having issues with their shitty corsair keyboards and RMAing them is "misinformation"
Nah, just wanted to release a bit of my anger after weeks of missinformation.None of it was misinformation. You just don't seem to care about it. Theres a difference.
hordes of people90% of them bought the keyboard at launch or a few weeks afterimplying nothing has been fixed since then.Tell me why not to buy it, then.And this time something other thanprice/performancenon-standard layoutFirmware is fixed, dying LEDs seem to be fixes, overall build quality is okay, it looks okay and it has Cherry MX switches.
Im running Linux on a WMDid you mean VM as in Virtual Machine?
Firmware is fixedYeah, "fixed" like samsung "fixed" the 840 firmware?dying LEDs seem to be fixesYou can't tell that unless the new revision has actually been out long enough to tell
Oh, yeah. Sorry."fixed" as in "only a few people left bitching about LED problems"You can't tell that unless the new revision has actually been out long enough to tellThats actually a good point. But the K70 isn't that new and most of the dead LED reports I find are from its early stages.So I have to assume that something changed.I will test it, if LEDs die Ill send it back. If it happens again, I'll curse Corsair and listen to /g/ next time.
LED problemsI mean firmware problems. Long time no sleep, I'm sorry.
So you ran a Linux distro on a VM. The keyboard will obviously work because the VM software takes care of that, as the host I'm guessing Windows has the proper drivers. I'm talking native linux, running straight from your BIOS. If you're not running Linux that way, I wouldn't worry.Regarding the other issues, firmware and LEDs, if it's a keyboard know for that kind of problems, I would re-think it a little, we're talking $120 that would potentially be thrown in the thrash.
But why would you even risk buying from a known shoddy company when you could just take the same amount of money elsewhere, get a keyboard that will stand the test of time, with a look that you won't outgrow?
I currently have a WASD code keyboard, after my K70 failed, and so far, it's a great alternative, it looks simple and elegant, has great compatibility across operating systems, backlit white on black, so it's very neutral, and because it's WASD, has great accessories and replacement parts.
The CODE? AFAIK it's the only backlit keyboard WASD makes. If only they'd make a matching keypad. And used better quality keycaps.
soon
I don't really mind the keycaps, but since they're standard, they can be replaced.
Yeah I know. But the lettering isn't standard, so if you get replacement keycaps with translucent lettering, only some of the letters will light up with the backlight on.
Edible keyboards when?
Good point, will have to look up for the backlit ready keycaps.
I know Windows is my host system and thats why the keyboard works fine.I have Ubuntu don't worry, /g/, I've removed the UI and all spyware bullshit attached to the search bar running on another PC no VM and it has one of the IBM mechanical keyboards connected to it.So no use for another keyboard on the Linux PC I have.You are right, 120$ are a lot of money and I did rethink if buying the K70 is a good idea. But you know... My PC is inside the HAFx, glowing red fans etc.It looks okay for a 3 year old first build and I don't want to buy a white keyboard just because its cheaper and the LEDs will never break[hint]because there are none[/hint]
eating a keyboardeating a surface area thats literally a bacteria orgymitebcool
There are plenty of other black keyboards on the market, they aren't essentially cheaper either. But I respect your decision of buying the K70, I bet it'll look great with that case, I also like to match my computer components when it's possible.
get the caps from shadovved in GH, he's much faster than massdrop and cheaper overall.
I'd recommend to wait for the Ducky Shine 5. The M800 and Logitech 910 don't have mx-stems, so if you keycaps suck after some time, you are screwed. If that guy  can wait ages for pieces of plastic he already paid for, you can wait 3 months for a great keyboard.
Just hooked up a vintage dolch keyboard from a portable computer.  The arrow keys on are on the ten key but I can type way faster on this with far less errors so I think I can get used to toggling the ten key/arrow keys. Or maybe I can just learn to type numbers without looking...
those keys look like marshmallows
tfw the blank PBTs on massdrop don't come in black
They just did that with vortex pbt. It should be back in a week or two.
What's the point of a mechanical keyboard? I don't see an answer to that in the FAQ

I dont mind paying 40$ extra for some looks.Jesus, you don't sound like a very smart shopper lol.Is that really why you spent the extra $40 or are you just trying to justify wasting your money?
All I'm seeing it just makes them physical switches and make more noise so is it a placebo?
so is it a placebo?Not at all.  If you really want to feel a mech keyboard for yourself look for one at a local computer store or something
You'd need at least 6 hands to operate all of those guns and the keyboard. Are you a spider? Also, you must have more guns than that, I've seen them in the previous threads. Why don't you include all of them?
Someone needs to post a picture of a bow and arrow on top of a cheap rubberdome board
yes thats why we do this all day every day. its all a big joke.
What the fuck is wrong with you people. Some people just don't care for 40$, hell I pay 3 times that every month on tea alone and I'm a student.Let him be happy with his keyboard, if you think it sucks just be happy you weren't the one who bought it. Stop acting like the K70 is the worst way to spend your money on a keyboard, just look at the STRIKE 7 f.e.If you like the looks of the K70 and you are okay with possible QC-problems there isn't a single reason not to pick it. Are you really too stupid to see that he is obviously shitposting? Just hide his posts and be done with it.I'll write it down once more, I think I need a makro for this.keycaps suck, horrible printing, bad font and the stems shine through keyboard pings a lot the spacebar at MX-Clears is way louder than my MX-Green Duckycase isn't anodized but cheaply painted and doesn't feel good at all. At least it is quite heavyThe board itself isn't horrible, but the execution just isn't good. You get a Ducky Mini for the same price and it featuresABS-Keycaps with a better font and invisible stemsBacklightLess pingingAnodized case, feeling more sturdy overallThe Pok3r has the programmability and PBT-Keycaps, especially if you need the former the Pok3r is a good deal. If you don't then it just isn't worth its money. I really don't understand why they used such low quality PBT-Keycaps, everyone who cares about PBT/ABS won't be happy with them and will replace them, while everyone who doesn't care will have to pay the higher price for PBT, making the keyboard less attractive for both.
So what if he wants to spend $40 extra on looks? Might as well purchase something you enjoy looking at. At least a keyboard is functional, unlike a dust-collecting anime statue.By you logic there's no point in giving your car a custom interior or a house a new lick of paint. What's the point if it's only going to look better?There's a difference between wasting money and spending it on something you enjoy, jewboy
I hope you guys realise he does that to annoy some guy who complained about a gun incidentally being in sight of some other shit he was photographing.Anyway, continue getting butthurt that having interests other than consumerism isn't illegal.
You spend $120 on tea every month?Here in the UK tea is so cheap I don't even look at the price most of the time. I probably spend £30 a year on tea, and I have 2 cups a day.
Why is Apple the only major company that makes laptops with the based 16:10 aspect ratio? 16:9 should be only on TV's and smartphones.
hi
 pic related could be the perfect, but...
I ask myself the same thing.Google makes the chromebook pixel with a 3:2 ratio. That and the Macbook are really the only exception though, everything else is disgusting 16:9, which is fucking retarded for a laptop.
make 16:10 laptop1/3 of the vertical space is taken up by the stupid dock
every other company lets their marketing department drive product development with checklists
What is Google?
he doesn't know how to move the dockhe doesn't know how to hide the dock
You realise you can put it on the side, and most people do?
is there some special reason that 16:10 is better
more usable space
and Mac users are stereotyped as being technically inept
16:10i think you mean 8:5
Moar vertical space
I think you mean 14.4:9.
 8:5I think you mean 2.25/1.25
Surface 3's are also 3:2, if that counts.
Can't even get the math rightIt is 2/1.25
Surface Pro 3 too.
Apple makes 16:10 laptops16:10 is the master ratio!Apple introduces 16:9 Macbook Air16:9 is perfectly fine for laptops, not sure what the complaints are aboutApple makes 3:2 smartphone3:2 is the master ratio!Apple introduces 16:9 smartphone16:9 is perfectly fine for smartphones, not sure what the complaints are about
16:9 is superior to 14.4:9Even Apple realizes this which is why iPhones are 16:9 as are the new 5k iMacs.
Why not use 4:3 then
Because every other vendor aside from Google, as  noted participates in the race to the bottom and makes their profits from using only the most mass-produced components possible. There are far, far more 16:9 panels produced than there are 16:10 panels, and as such they're cheaper.By only producing products that lie in the high end of the spectrum, Apple and Google escape this problem and have margins high enough that they can do whatever the fuck they want and still be making a shitload of cash from each unit.It's as simple as that.And I guess it's personal preference, but I've always thought that 16:9 laptop designs look weird and stretched out. They have fucked up palmrest ratios and worse, it tempts manufacturers to cram numpads onto 15" models.I'm not super happy with my 6+ being 16:9, actually. It makes for awkwardness sometimes when typing in landscape mode very little space is left once the keyboard is on screen. I'd much prefer it to be 16:10.
i used to like numpads until i realized that i didnt know how to use a numpad
Because then you have the opposite problem, where you lack enough width to have two windows side by side.16:10 or 8:5 or whatever the fuck you want to call it is comparatively balanced. 3:2 doesn't feel bad either, but I've had more experience with 16:10 so that's what I'm comfortable with.
New Windows tablets hybrids are reversing that trend.They are all pretty much now 8:5 with 1280x800 or 1920x1200 resolutions and IPS panels.tl;dr 1280x800 IPS is the new 1366x768 TN mass produced panel.
1280x800 is still way too tiny, but I'll take it over 1366x768 if there's no other choice. I have an old 1280x800 13" Vostro and it's not so bad to use for light stuff.
Because every other vendor aside from Google, as  noted participates in the race to the bottom and makes their profits from using only the most mass-produced components possible.Surface Pro's use 2160x1440Apple still uses 1440x900 TN panels on their $1,000 laptops.And I rememer them using 1280x800 TN on their $1200 MBP not too long agoMind you there were always cheaper laptops with superior resolutions and quality at cheaper prices from pretty much every other manufacturer.Why are Apple tards always sucking Apple cock?
The 5K iMacs are 16:10, actually every Mac is 16:10
it isn't you stupid fuck.
I don't understand why people put their taskbar on the side instead of being master race and leaving it on the bottom and autohiding.
mfw all this vertical roomstay mad 16:9 plebs
I think you're reading something I didn't say. The OP asked why Apple was the only one that used 16:10, it had nothing to do with resolution or screen tech. My answer still applies.And yeah, it's a travesty that the Air still has a low res TN panel. My guess is that'll get upgraded some time late this year or the Air will be dissolved into plain Macbooks like the 12".
Resolution isn't everything, some would say that the Surface possibly the most confused device on the planet has too many pixels for the screen size. Retina is exactly the right number of pixels for optimum sharpness, color rendition and clarity. Apple know what they're doing, that's why they're industry standard in all fields where screen quality matters.
I need the icon badges for notifications I haven't acted upon. I sometimes let messages pile up when I'm deeply immersed in something important, and I'd normally forget about them without some visual indicator.
Apple know what they're doing, that's why they're industry standard in all fields where screen quality matters.Sure they are.
1440x900
Who cares anyway? iMacs are shitty, the only decent product Apple makes are MacBooks aside from the one-port model and air
16:10not 3:2 surface master racetop pleb
the imacs are 16:9the macbooks are 16:10the iphone is 16:9the ipad is 4:3
Why would you even use the screen at an angle? Do you jack off over how you can use your shitty, confusing surface at a weird angle because the crummy kickstand something that has no place on a modern device forces you to?
And these are the viewing angle on it: My POS $35 tablet has better viewing angle than a Macbook Air.Top kek.
there is literally nothing wrong with 1440x900
but that's fucking wrong though. Proof is right in front of me.
imacs are shitty5k dell IPS 60hz monitor$20005k IPS 60hz monitor on imacplus a whole fucking computer$2000okay lol
Maybe on a 4" screen, it's 2015, not 2009.
plus a whole fucking computeryou mean a mac mini thats basically shoved inside the monitor right?
There's a reason.
defen this shit iCucks
Get on my level, faggot.
if you consider a quad core i5, 8gb of ram, an r9 290, and every other thing a mac mini then sure.It could have a raspberry pi in it and it would still be more than a regular monitor has to offer.
Should have returned that, that's way below acceptable. Mine was pretty uniform, best panel I've ever seen
Enterprise grade components. That's why they don't die after a few months.
That is not how this works. Nope, it's 8:5
It's probably 4-6x the compute power of a Mac Mini. Minis don't even have dedicated graphics or quad-core processors
you can also replace ram yourself so...?next?
Exactly, anyone buying RAM directly from Apple is just burning money for the mild convenience of not having to install it themselves
I present as courtroom evidence every alternativeI rest my caseApple will keep getting away with price gouging as long as other OEMs keep sucking shit through a straw
Except that's wrong. 27" iMacs have always used desktop CPUs - my 27" iMac had a quad i5 750 in it, exactly like you could buy off the shelf. The graphics are mobile because you're never going to fit desktop graphics in there, but the rest of the machine is desktop class.Only the 21.5" iMac uses a mobile CPU.
How does a BR ape monkey has money to buy an Apple product anyway?
Wow. Finally someone figured out how to center the trackpad? On a laptop with numpad? Finally.
No they're not. They're budget consumer grade sticks that you can get for $50/ 8Gb
To get money here you just need to know basic english and a little bit of programming.
Wow macfaggot defence force to the rescue.
 2/1.25 = 1.8 2.25/1.25 = 1.6 16/10 = 1.6Try math again, fag.
he graphics are mobile because you're never going to fit desktop graphics in thereThen why not putting an actual decent mobile GPU like the 980M?
No actual rebuttalhurr macfaggots
based 16:10 aspect ratioI completely agree with OP. this is the only ratio worth having on a laptop.
Who knows, everyone expected them to after using the 780M in the previous gen. All recent Apple products are using AMD for some reason, so it might be some bulk discount contract or something
 pic related could be the perfect, but...Too bad it has a shit-tier keyboard. And numpad is fucking useless unless you're a fucking accountant.
It's because of OpenCL, which is heavily used throughout OS X and Apple's applications pro and consumer alike. Look at the M370X: its performance is around 15% better than the GT 750M in most respects, but it's 4-5x faster when it comes to OpenCL.Apple is making a strong push for OpenCL. By equipping all their Macs with AMD cards only, companies like Adobe have a much stronger incentive to properly support OpenCL which they haven't up until now - they've been focusing on CUDA. I hope it works because CUDA is vendorlock bullshit.
I would have much rather had nvidia in the new rMBP and 5k imacs as well. AMD must be offering a heavy discount for them.
h..hi?
1/3Somebody teach this guy his fractions.
implying
mfw fully functional 8740w
I would kill for a modern 4:3 laptop
I use an ancient 4:3 laptop because no modern ones exist.16:9 is completely unacceptable and 16:10 is just bad.
Apple has patented that..... my track pad is exactly in the middle... and one mm to the left
sandnigger detected
Kek.
The surface pro 3 isn't a laptop, it's a tablet that you can connect a piece of shit mesh "keyboard" too.
all this vertical roomwastes it on a shitload of toolbars and doesn't use the more compact developer themefagget
figured outIt's fucking worse, dumbass.
and most people doNo they don't.I'm not gonna argue whether it's better or not, but most people do not put it on the side.
New 2 in 1 convertible laptops are coming with 16:10 aspect ratio tho
I wish the team who makes the Surface would make a laptop, i can tell they really want to make one.
tfw all my auto-hiding was for nothing1366*768 plebian4lyf
Kek. My 8GB DDR3 in my Thinkpad has been running for 6 years. Suck on that macfag
That resolution is in no way better than the 1600x900 panel that used to be in my laptop.Even more so since I since swapped it for a matte 1080p screen with better colors and viewing angles.How exactly is 1200x800 better than 1080p?How exactly is 1440x900 better than 1080p?How exactly is 1680x1050 better than 1080p?
What if I want to watch my animes on a portable device? Don't you think a 16:9 laptop would be better?
I'm having some trouble getting my sd card to work through SPI  the cardinfo example I have every two times an initialization error.my actual goal was to read data using SDIO on the stm32f4 using the sparkfun breakout but it is a freaking nightmare with the card sometimes initializing sometimes not, sometimes even getting to the part where I could read stuff into a buffer  steping through with gdb  sometimes not... I swear this is my first project with an sdcard and might be the last...
here is a log snapshot
diy
HDD or SSD?
the cloud
I trust my HDD's more so I keep the good stuff on them
I have 15 of these in my home server
Forgot pic
Jesus christ I can't stop laughing. Why do need so much storage, are you the entire NSA?
Excuse me, why aren't those drives in  RAID?
He would lose everything if one failed
/g/ is fuckeddo you know what the R stands for in RAID?
Encrypted Tera/Veracrypt drive.
FDD
Probably 'cause Windows RAID sucks unless you buy the enterprise RAID controllers. And he just had to use Windows... somehow.
Depends on which RAID you're using. I don't recall the exact configs but only one or two setups come with actual redundancy.
All RAID methods except RAID0 support redundancy you fucking retardDon't talk about shit you do not understand.
Only one typical one comes *without* redundancy, and it's RAID 0.JBOD isn't technically really RAID.
2017-2saving pornWhat are you afraid of? A porn penury?
Cloud :^
/thread
lol what a wanker
I save every porn picture and video I've ever come across
Lel. This tiny bit of storage doesn't even let you save the "best-of".
Why'd you hide your porn? Let the people laugh while they fap when they search through your garbage after your death. If you really don't want to share your porn, you capitalist swine, just use encryption and store it wherever you like.
Oh fuck. I forgot I had porn on my computer. Time to do a quick wipe.
saving pr0neverything is on the web
As I am a man of simple tastes and legal ones I have a folder named Porn on one of my drives with a few scenes of chicks masturbating in a HDD with no encryption.It already is a waste of space why wouyld you need to put it in an SSD or worst... encrypt it?
I don't understand why people download porn. Yeah, I'm sure some of the better stuff needs to be downloaded, but can't you deal with what's online to stream? Seems like a lot of work when there are so many free high quality videos online.
yes only 500
tfw forgot to back up my lel.txt when I last reformattedmight as well just kill myself i guess
Get ZFS and RaidZ3 you casuals.
Not him, but I like to watch my porn in the highest quality possible.Name me one online streaming site that lets me watch porn at 1080p and 60FPS for free.
Because wizards tend to feel attached to their favorite porn stars. They need to know that they'll be able to see them in a moments notice and so they download every second of them that they can find.
goddamn retard. just hang yourself in your closet already loserass.
needing to hide your smutdo you live with your parents and not have your own computer or something
people think its a bad idea to save porn.Save your favorites. Reason being with copyright laws all fucked up videos get pulled all the time. Also the girl who was in the video could scream rape at any time and send an army of lawyers to take down any related videos.There are many good reasons. Also does anyone know a good encryption for USB?
RAIDi never understood how a RAID setup without the same amount of hdd for redundancy like the amount for saving can be safe.for example like 2 hdd for storage and 1 for redundancy. the 1 can impossibly hold the data of the 2 so how can it even be called redundant?
Internet has more porn than you could view in a thousand lifetimes.saving porn to disc.
what are you?12?who need to hide porn, keep it on your desktopalso who even downloads porn, online shit is where it's at
This.
literally 99.5% of all the porn doesn't cater to my needs normal non-fetish non-abuse male on female or female or female sex so I just save the best shit to my drive.Also there's very little freely available JAV on the internet, have to get it all from junkies.
What a jerk
First rule of the internet: If you like it, save it, because that shit won't be there tomorrow.
You must be really a tech illiterate if you can't see why someone would prefer seeing stuff locally instead of in some shitty web player, plus its a lot easier to organize shit and you don't risk losing a specific video because it vanished from the internet, also instant loading time.
This
I understand saving your certain videos, but to have multiple drives full of porn? Honestly I just like following the thumbnails because I end up watching around 10 videos before settling on one to make yogurt to.
I have 1.2TB of porn saved and its just "certain videos".
I like you.
Oh my gawd, we have a winner!!!
I need to save porn before I get cucked by the British government
Keyword: hide
You can hide anything in the cloud with encryption.If you throw files inside of a Truecrypt Container before you throw them on Google Drive, with a very strong passphrase, they're hidden.
Raid can be run just fine at the BIOS level
I'm just going to rename all my drives to porn now
yep some videos get lost with time and is forever gone.I regret saving some videos or atleast gotten the name of some of the actress I fapped to.
Good thing I masturbate to 2D drawings of chinese caricatures. My case wouldn't handle it.
So how much fun is it renaming your hard drives and taking a screencap?
my drives when I do this tooI need to choose names for the drives on the computer I'm building
wait, they have digital porn now?
how do niggers not understand the point of saving porn?higher quality, and alot of shit you can't find on normie shitty streaming sites
How the fuck do you guys have drives that filled from one character? Are you saving every single H image drawn of said character?
sysadmin?
50GB truecrypt file disguised as a blu-ray movieon that note, anyone know of a way to have a truecrypt drive in the form of multiple files? If anyone takes a look at the filesize of mine it's obvious what it is.
Whatever lewd things they have isn't correlated with their names.Nah.
My guess is that they are named more like you would name a pet or a child, rather than a label of their contents.
those fags who don't save their pornmfw the internet goes down and porn becomes more valuable than oil
\things\don't click\cp\cp
i can always use my imagination!:^
just say its a game iso
shitty web player$ mpv client everytime. you just gotta sanitize your .bash_history lol
ill just open up a strip club. Ill make millions
there are no strip clubs for 2D brown elves, anon
export HISTCONTROL=ignorespaceThen start every command you don't want stored with a space.  You're welcome, bro.
The cloudLetting NSA into your CP folders willinglyGud goy.
FUCKING XOR YOU FUCKWIT
even a good client would like shit with a shit encode

upgrade your motherboardyou are now fucked
HSD
what a wanker
saving pornthese plebs will never know the thrill of searching forever to find that one perfect video
literally 99.5% of all the porn doesn't cater to my needs normal non-fetish non-abuse male on female or female or female sexthat's a really strange way to spell "i can only get off to horrifying torture porn so i have to collect everything i find because you never know when the laws will change or it'll get reported and taken down"
these plebs will never know the thrill of searching forever to find that one perfect videowhy the fuck would you not save that video once you found itniche porn is volatile as fuck, there's several videos that are just gone forever because all the links are to sites that died during the DMCA wars.
why wouldn't you save it?Because it loses its perfection once I've fapped to it
So...People here actually save "illegal" stuff? That's kinda spooky.
I've fapped to Take on Me at least 10 times.
Because it loses its perfection once I've fapped to itSo you only fap to a video once?What about h-doujinshi and h-anime?
I've fapped to Take on Me
He doesnt know
take on me hentaitake on me: the porn version
oh no, its MUCH worseMMMMMMMUUUUUUCCCCCHHHHH worse
I save hentai on my HDD but the vast majority of the porn I look at is on my phone since I prefer jacking it in the bathroom

Uhhh
white people
the fuck
ARISTOCRATS!
Squirting and facesitting is illegal in Britain. Porn involving mature women with small breasts is illegal in Australia. Animated lolicon is illegal in US. In some muslim countries porn is illegal alltogether.
Porn involving mature women with small breasts is illegal in Australiawhat a fucking shithole
dban saved my life
hideWhy contain it?
Why would I need to hide my porn?
they kept my pc though
BEEG
wanting 1080p 60fps pornofucking disgusting
porn videos are never removed for copyright infringementthe original porn video poster never deletes the videor u daft
AMERICAN
He could just do Raid 1 if he doesn't care about performance and make it near impossible to lose but the other idiot suggesting Raid as backup is a moron

Squirting and facesitting is illegal in Britaininbreeding sure is a hell of a thing
I don't understand why poeple buy and store food.  Yeah, I'm sure some of the better stuff needs to be bought, but can't you deal with what's in the garbage to forage?  Seems like a lot of work when there is so much good food in trash bins.
well there's a bit of a difference between needing to eat unspoiled food to live and needing to spend five minutes rubbing your cock once a week not to be distracted by random bonersinb4 hurr durr five minutes once a weekthat's all you actually need; the rest is indulgence, habit, and addiction
hiding itNot necessary.I use HDDs on my server. A WD red and green in btrfs raid.

Inside the drawer.
Enjoy your bit rot or fucked up parity you fucking nigger
Are you retarded or just trolling?There's a write hole with RAID 5, but that's also with RAID 1.can be fixed with a backup battery/UPS.
I didn't save these hot Saori Hara videos when I first found themcan't find them anywhere now
I don't even know what the fuck to do man.I have two WD blacks, each is 1 TB and they're ALREADY MTOHERFUCKING FULL.I'what do I even back shit up with? WD reds suck ass, there was a thread on /g/ about those drives and apparently they're no different from greens and my experience with those is bad on seagate level of badnesswhat do I do? do i get wd green and only turn it on when I need to back up shit once a month?
curryI assume those are all fakes?
really? indians aren't chinese you fucking gook
You do what every IT department does with their data, and RAID.
raidbut i'm not a server, i'm a human being with the pc case next to me
Yes, and...?Did you think RAID was some server-only thing?
So am I. My system has two RAID sets and zero stand-alone drives. What's your point?
enjoy irrelevant noise for irrelevant purpose
what do I even back shit up with?PROTIP: hardware.fr has been publishing returns rates for various products owned from 6 to 12 months for years now. The 12th report data is shown below:data:- Seagate 0.68% against 0.69%- Western 1.09% against 0.93%- HGST 1.16% against 1.01%- Toshiba 1.34% against 1.29%Five worst drives:- 4.58% WD Red WD60EFRX- 3.40% Toshiba 3TB DT01ACA300- 2.93% WD Green 4 TB WD40EZRX- 2.78% SE WD 3TB WD3000F9YZ- 2.14% Hitachi Ultrastar 1TB A7K20002 TB drives:- 2.03% Seagate SSHD ST2000DX001- 1.55% Toshiba DT01ACA200- 1.39% WD Green WD20EZRX- 1.34% WD SE WD2000F9YZ- 0.92% Seagate NAS HDD ST2000VN000- 0.92% Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 ST2000DM001- 0.83% WD Red WD20EFRX- 0.61% WD RE WD2000FYYZ- 0.38% Black WD WD2003FZEX- 0.32% Seagate Surveillance ST2000VX0007- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Value ST2000NC001- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Capacity ST2000NM0033- 0.00% WD AV-GP WD20EURX3 TB drives:- 3.40% Toshiba DT01ACA300- 2.78% WD SE WD3000F9YZ- 1.49% WD Red WD30EFRX- 1.36% Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 ST3000DM001- 1.31% Seagate Surveillance ST3000VX000- 1.30% WD Green WD30EZRX- 1.18% Seagate NAS HDD ST3000VN000- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Value ST3000NC0024 TB drives:- 2.93% WD Green WD40EZRX- 1.45% WD Red WD40EFRX- 1.18% WD Black WD4003FZEX- 1.08% Seagate NAS HDD ST4000VN000- 1.08% Seagate SSHD ST4000DX001 /- 0.80% Seagate Desktop HDD.15 ST4000DM000- 0.50% HGST Deskstar 7K4000 H3IK40003272SE- 0.00% 0S03665 HGST Deskstar NAS- 0.00% Seagate Constellation ES ST4000NM0033P.S. Reminder Backblaze is shit.
redundant =/= irrelevantAlso, one of the sets is made of SSDs and the other is still too quiet to notice.
irrelevant purposeBecause protecting data against HDD failure is irrelevant?Because increased read speeds are irrelevant?
WD failure rate higher than Seagateshow this to my 3 previous Barracuda's.
 where to hide your pornSorry OP, you have to 18 and older to post here.
you're telling me a fuck ton of noise + merging two hard drives into one and you don't get more storage out of it is worth it?
Put your porn in your software installer directory. Nobody will open that shit. I put mine in a directory called "CS 1.6 Maps".
PROTIP: Certain drive models are shit.9.70% Seagate Barracuda XT 3 TB- 8.94% Hitachi Deskstar 7K3000 1.5 TB- 7.53% Seagate Barracuda XT 2 TB- 7.30% Hitachi Deskstar 7K2000 2 TB- 5.78% Western Digital RE4-GP 2 TB- 5.33% Western Digital Caviar Green 3 TB
Son, if your drives are making a fuck ton of noise, you need new drives, because yours are about to die. If you think the only thing that matters is size, you've never dealt with hardware failure. And if you think the only thing RAID can do is copy one drive to a second one, you don't know what RAID is.
OP hereGod fucking dammit guys this was sopposed to be a hard drive thread
When your internet goes down, and you really need to fap, you'll regret not keeping a wankbank.
When I was still young and stuck with a family computer, I RARed mine, changed the file extension to three random letters, and stuck it in the same folder as my printer drivers.
a fuck ton of noiseIt's practically nothing, I don't what shithole you must live in to experience such shit HDD quality.and you don't get more storage out of itYes, that's the "redundancy" part of RAID. When your HDDs fail and they will fail, you can just pop a new drive in, rebuild, and you're good to go.is worth itYou missed the part where you're insured against HDD failures number of failures depending on configuration, along with the speed boosts.
Plus 4TB on my server. All these are full now.
ur english is shit and u think hard drive is made specifically for x countrylmkaoo kill urself worthless monkey
Took too long to uncompress.
I didn't necessarily stick all of it in the same archive.
hiding your porn
No, I mean the selection is shit for where you live.
Whats the command to display all this?
It sucks that I don't have an impressive porn collection. All my stuff is either hentai, which is very small, or niche live action, which is very rare. The stuff I have a lot of doesn't take up much room and I don't have a lot of the stuff that takes up a lot of room.
Remember that most of /g/ still lives with their parents.df -Th
niche live actionD-do you collect live action tentacle/vore JAVs too?
thanks
C:\Users\User\Documents\Dark Recesses of the Computer
Underrated post
average_g_user.jpg
How do i stop hogging porn?I ran out of space and i dont want to buy a new hd...
Reencode it with H265, get 40 percent of your space back.
Why dont more people think more lie this?
Terrible analogy but a good kek
Dumbass nigga not knowing you can Google passwords for member websites and stream from there
Or you know, you could be a normal fucking person and use the two other options available: 1 Use your imagination or relive a past experience with an actual female while masturbating 2 Use one of your prospects you've hopefully been cultivating for such a timeBut, alas, this is /g/, where lazy sods congregate and moan about things because they cannot fill any of their time with a little pleasure with another living human being.Protip: sex is healthy; men need a woman's touch every once in a whileUsing "but women are degenerate" means you should go back to /pol/There are decent women in the world, you just have to work for it just like you work hard to learn how to master pressing 4-7 buttons in League of Legends or configuring your Gentoo install and getting your hotkeys all bound.
tfw every good looking girl is married or getting married soontfw every single girl is a momonly girl I know thats neither is a 4'8" fkat chested Asian that looks like she should be in grade schooltfw not into loli, 2D or 3DI'm  only 26, I guess I can creep on college girls if I ever tun into any.
Holy shit I thought it was just me. I've been laughing for three minutes at this dude's freaking database of porn
Why are 3TB drives so bad?
only girl I know thats neither is a 4'8" fkat chested Asian that looks like she should be in grade schoolHook me up dude.
Maybe he's into the type of porn that's highly illegal
MIRA TODA ESA PORNOGRAFÍA
No you don't. Depending on the type of RAID, you would only loose the content that's on the disk.
downloading pornKek
not storing your pron on tape drivesloserswhy in the world would you store anything you care about on a spinning hard drive.
2011hiding porn
hideStop living with your parents, kid.

Please tell me you have 3TB of Miuna Shiodome.Actually, no, you disgusting piece of shit. Miuna is to praise and pat on the head, not to jerk to, you dolicon.
you're the dumbass, they're going to ban your IP for that
Be a normal personWhere do you think you are? Fucking summerfags.
animessThe plural is still anime, mate.
I use a collection of SDHC, micro SDHC & flash drives. Anything I consider "dangerous" never gets copied to any main drives. One sacrificial torrenting machine catches all potentially questionable downloads, but very little could be forensically recovered due to massive reads & writes going on at a rate of ~5 TB/month on 2x 2 TB HDDs. Over 90% of my torrenting activity is fully legit, part of my business in distributing media, mostly music."Dangerous" to me is personal data I don't want out in the wild banking, stock, gov't records, etc. also unique original content that I wish to retain copyright to. My OC originals are different resolution pix, music, some vid than any edits that get circulated, so I can always prove I have true originals should anything ever get stolen. The important legit stuff is burned to optical backup.I have some porn, but I just don't collect much anymore. I deleted most of it a few years back and some high quality stuff gets temporarily stored, but eventually deleted out as newer stuff replaces the old. Whenever I see various SD chips & flash sticks on sale I pick a few up and throw them in a drawer until needed. Often I get 3x or 4x 32 GB or 64 GB at a time when prices reach ~$10-12 per 32 GB or ~$18-20 per 64 GB. Some 128 GB devices, too. High performance models get stuff on them I can play directly off the flash mem, slow/old are used for static archive until copies are needed.Critical stuff is encrypted at least once, more than half is double-encrypted. All in, I've got ~4 TB of flash mem, sorted into an old floppy disk caddy in ziplock baggies with notes included. About a TB is on 64 GB micro SDHC chips in a baggie that won't be found by anyone who doesn't know where it is. There's an impressive hentai manga collection on it, some rare & high quality hentai anime. More of a caution since people freak out over cartoons they think is CP when it really isn't. Saving myself hassle rather than any conviction.
Not saving 1080p videos of Ai Uehara to see her squirting in 60fpsPlebeian
he doesn't save thousands of TBs of porn for day black when the net is shutdown and we're forced to barter, using digital filesyou think adobe shit is expensive now? just imagine a day when people are giving blowjobs and cherry anal for an exe
using shitty tube sites
3TBI hope they're seagate :^
not using cobalt level encryptionFilthy casuals please go.
I have over 1.3 TB of recorded chaturbate cams alone, thinking about jsut deleting half of it thoughalso starting to archive as much of pixiv possible and also grab as many doujins from exhentaimaybe I can wait it out long enough until we get 3d optical storage and have 30,000 years of porn
Reserved for PornI lost it.
needs to see capillaries on the dick so he can fap
Screw ZFS with a blow torch
greenServer

Relax MM, she's only there for the protecting of chinese cartoons. The drive isn't focused on lewd stuff.
storing your porn on another poersons computer
two usb sticks a 32gb and some folders on the phone
accessing the same illegal stuff repeatedly would be insanely more dangerous. If you're going to be involved in something illegal and access it in the first place, you might as well download it and encrypt it.
C:\Users\Me\Porn\Easy
To be fair. I don't know of many non-tube sites that do decent amateur porn.
He doesn't use ReiserFS
I only really have 40GB of rare JAVs on my HDD, blatantly in my videos folder.No need to hide it because no one uses my computer, or even sees it.
squirting and facesitting isn't illegal in britain, its illegal to create it in britain. we can watch all the foreign made squirting and facesitting we like.good job, politicians
killwifeFS:^
Probably 'cause Windows RAID sucksStorage Spaces in 8.1 work extremely well.
Lower your standards. You need to take one that is as fuckin ugly as yourself. Or you just pay a hooker.
i see so many people use RAID, wouldn't it be much better using rsync once every week?you could save the time to setup as well as the energy to run redundant drives just because you want to have a fap.
Hiding your pornKek, it's all sitting in My Documents/Downloads, the folder that Qbittorrent creates.
The cloud and if it's compromised/shut down, I have a backup on a SD chip hidden away with the contents on it encrypted
British porn is terrible either way
This. Why are Brits such ugly mooks?
Fuck streaming.
1080pPretty overkill for me, but I'm used to small resolutions.60FPSWanting 60 FPS videosThat shit just looks weird.
there's no way you have 4TB of PDFswtf man
Since none of these fags respond seriously, try eporner
It's not illegal to create it, its just illegal to sell it. You can give it out for free or sell it from a server not located in Britaintl;dr the Tories are retarded faggotsAmerifat porn is no better
I have a 4TB drive I use for porn, though it's more of an erotica  collection, as I do have plenty of 'erotic' films or just films I found fapworthy. Also a lot of hentai game files I never played.All in all it's about 1,8 TB of content, with a lot of pruning still to be done. I probably would have like 8 TB if i I didn't prune constantly as I'm trying to build a perfect sex HDD.
4TB of pornwtf dude have you been downloading and entire site full of porn?
holy mother of god
Do you fap 30 times/day or you are just a sad human being?Out of some lewd 4chan saved images I have 0 porn on my drives
Nope, been using the same tiny4k account for several months, never had an issue, same with mofos
Well if you read, it's only about 1.8 TB with about 400 GB of it being sexy films and games, so about 1.4 TB of actual pornography.Though as I said I have probably downloaded about 8 TB in my life, most of which I have to careful prune as I try to keep anything I don't like 100% out of the HDD.And if you are on Empornium, there is so much good porn it's really not hard to download hundreds of GBs in a week.
Not him but I used to pull it like 8 times a day erry day.But now I just binge watch TV series and movies and wank like 3 times a week
What? Why? Ok I sort of get squirting because it's allegedly urine but why the fuck is it illegal to sell a video of a naked woman sitting on your face?
Most likely because the women are shitting into the guys mouth
White People: The Post
Ok, so I didn't know where to post this so forgive me if this isn't the right place, I considered /mu/ but figured I would be more likely to get an answer that is more suitable here.What I am trying to do is take the audio output from both my computer AND television, then make them both go into a splitter of sorts to provide input for a pair of stereo headphones. With a plethora of cables and adapters lying around, this is no big deal for me to make a setup like this. The problem, however, is that with several standard headphone splitters that I have tried, what ends up happening is the audio from 1 device goes to one ear, and the audio from the other device goes to the other ear, I want the audio from BOTH devices to play through BOTH earpieces in the headphones.This is my real question, is there a splitter/mixer of some sorts that I can use to achieve this? I've spent the last 3 hours googling and can't find anything remotely close to answering this question.Thank you in advance.
You want a mixer
Any recommendations without blowing $100+?
Alesis io2Beheinger anything
I do the audio out from my ps3 into the line-in port on my computer and just have it playback the input.ps3 audio and computer audio with no fuckups on the same volume control.
Behringer MX400 looks extremely promising, assuming it's not cheaply made, and for just $25 that's a steal as it has FOUR inputs.
Behringer anythingreally, I've got nothing but great thing to say about behringers headphone mixer ampsI don't have them next to me so I can't tell you the exact model, but just search for whatever you think is enoughyou probably won't pay muchOR, you know, route the sound of the tv through the computers input and everything will be mixed by the soundcard.I used my PS3 on the same speakers as my computer and it worked like a charm RCA-3.5-input on the soundcard-sound settings listen to input
wait, you too? you also had that adapter that came with logitech speakers?well, if so, you are a scholar and you're dope
what the fuck behringer is a hate crime to ears
Just make something yourself, use multiple inputs and a switch to change between them into a single output. Or something using diodes for a mixed input.
use multiple inputs and a switch to change between them into a single output.wtf are you on about
Why? Just make a switcher with multiple inputs so that you can use different pairs of headphones and or speakers
, 
Still using my 280X and getting 60+fps on nearly all recent triple A releases fuck you witcher 3. Who else part of the value+performance masterrace here?
I sold my 290x for a 980 ti, atleast that's what I want to believe, I'm also kinda waiting on the 300 series and reviews for that shit to come out before I dare make a purchase.
Enjoy your adaptive refresh ratesOh wait

*cough* freesync *cough*
Check out my value rig...My old rig with a 8350 and two 770s performs about the same in most all games.Brb crying in a corner.

Do you even price / performance bro ?
Still using my 280X and getting 60+fps on nearly all recent triple A releasesWitcher 3 is where its at though
what is freesync
Please post a pic of battlestation.3 4k displays one 1080p display all on 2 980s Goddamn you like spending money on things that don't really make a difference.Gotta say you did a good job at that though.
Guise, what about the 300 series?
970  your shit card for valueYou dont get 60+ on maxed out modern games with that poorfag card
VG248integrated graphicsPlaying FTL at a blistering 144hz, I see.
Still running my 280 @ 1100Mhz.But I think it's dying on me.Got a black screen two days ago and got a bsod yesterday, although the bsod could be because of my cpu overclock, which is strange since it's pretty stable.
 getting 60+fps on nearly all recent triple A releasesWhat are your settings? GTA V stutters outside of the city on 290X, all settings maxed out.
I fucking love mine, the only game I can't run at 60 fps on ultra is arma 3 which gives me 30fps
ARMA is horrifically cpu bound.
Huh, didn't know. What determines that? I've tried playing minecraft before with some mods and I had to play on the lowest settings. I'm using an fx 8320
Think of it like a scale - in an deal world you want the game to be gpu bound so adding more gpu horsepwoer makes it run faster. ARMA is coded like shit in general and only runs on a single thread of your cpu - so an 8320 is no faster than a athlon in the game.Since ARMA is coded like this even the mightiest intel chips will eventually be brought to their knees by the game. However as intel chips are much faster per core they get far, far better performance in ARMA than anything AMD has. Same goes for minecraft - it is basically a DX9 game designed to run on toasters.More recent games that can effectivedly use more threads/cores will see an 8320 do a lot better.
What is a DAW?DigitalAudioWorkstationWhat DAW is yours?How long you been on it?How long have you been into music?What genre do you play with the most?What Genre do you think you are best at?Have you thought about changing up to something else?What's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?Do you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?If you are participating in drinking tonight /g/ post your drink1 simple rule I hope you can guys do, please don't be assholes to those who have a different perspective on another DAW, no matter what it is or how shittyit is. I know there are some very laughable ones out there but ya know...Why FL studio for pic?cause its the easiest thing to remember
haunta is that you
I've got this Audigy2 PCI card from ten years ago.It's old as shit but it doesn't say Fruity on it.
What DAW is yours?FL Studio 11How long you been on it?3 yearsHow long have you been into music?Production, for 3 years, vocals for 6.What genre do you play with the most?DubstepWhat Genre do you think you are best at?Dubstep/midtempoHave you thought about changing up to something else?Something similar to the JSRF style sound.What's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?SerumDo you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?Yes.
What DAW is yours?What the fuck is this caveman tier question.I mainly use Renoise.How long you been on it?about three years, but been trackin' since '98How long have you been into music?a lotWhat genre do you play with the most?world musicWhat Genre do you think you are best at?tangoHave you thought about changing up to something else?yes, but i'm too lazy toWhat's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?MuxDo you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?I never planned on going anywhere
Holy shit somebody else knows who haunta is
how do i get started
learn music theory
done
Download a DAW and learn how to use it.
I downloaded a copy of z3ta 1.5 because of skinning don't judge and I thought it sounded like trash. I then noticed the quality was at 'draft'. Turned it up and all was good. I think I have a new workhorse softsynth. Thoughts?Also I have been wondering about the Access Virus TI. Since it's digital and DSP-based, how is it different from any other softsynth? Does it just come in a pretty package? I can't justify 2k on that.
[spoiler][spoiler]which[/spoiler][spoiler] one[/spoiler][/spoiler]
repostanIf you're looking at free DAWs, there's Studio One Free, Podium Free and recently, Tracktion 4.Of all those, tracktion is the only "completely unrestricted one", but it looks like ass and has an odd workflow compared to your average DAW.Podium Free is limited to one of your processor cores, and I've used it for a while and experienced lots of bugs and crashes. Other than that, it's a complete DAW.Studio one free has dissapeared since studio one upgarded to version 3 a few days ago. It's expected to come back.There's also LMMS, an open source clone of old FL studio. I didn't enjoy my time with it, but it's worth checking out.Cheap DAWs, I can personally reccomend Reaper, Renoise and Mulab.Reaper is probably one of the best daws out there, but its interface is weird and not intuitive at all. It's the best of the three at handling audio recordings. Its demo can also be used indefinitely with no restrictions, you cheap cunt.Mulab is a severely underrated DAW, with a completely straightforward interface which is super easy to learn and master. It's also built on top of a modular engine tha allows you to do a lot of crazy stuff with synths. It helped me a lot while learning sound synthesis. Downsides, it's really a not well known DAW, so there's a sever lack of community/docs and stuff.Renoise is a music tracker. You only care about Renoise if you know what a tracker is aand want to work with one. If not, keep walking, nothing to see here. Renoise is actually my fav music related software."Expensive" daws. You can never go wrong with the big ones. FL studio, sonar, cubase, tracktion 6, bitwig studio, ableton, Reason, protools.FL studio is known to be completely noob friendly, and even industry 'pros' like martin garrix use it. Reason has no VST support which helps some people be creative in overcoming that, but will hinder a newb a lot.
oh it's FL shill time
ardour, redux and renoise
Renoise5 Years18 YearsAmbientAmbient/IndustrialNo I switched to renoise from ableton and I'm much happier especially with getting a lot more for my money.Ensoniq SQ-80  Had one for around 6 years.  Sounded amazing.  Perfect for dark ambient music.  Polyphonic aftertouch made CS80v fucking amazing.I've been going on with electronic based music for over 10 years now.  Its pretty much a rest of my life hobby at this point.
Who the hell doesn't use renoise these days? You don't even need any synths, just create your own from drawing a random waveform and setting up your own modulation and fx chains. With the cdp tool and renoise's own internal modulation fx you can create far more powerful sounds than most synths.
DAWs available on OpenBSD:* Ardour* LMMS* SoX
people who don't like/understand trackers?people who work with big audio files?
You can work with big audio files perfectly fine with renoise. If you don't understand trackers then learn, they're not difficult. If you don't like them then what can I say, the masses have hideous taste in most things.
Audacity is available too.
SoXDAW
cubase and abletonany kind of music i do i dont put my self in a limitation ive been doing for like a year maybe and stil gitting gud
I know opinions can't be wrong but you're getting close.
i want to say all the programs are good basically besides lmms that is the only one i actually thought was not usable because bad quality it just suckedyou cant go wrong with any of the popular choices fl studio is cheap and lifetime updates i reccomend it for people just starting not because the program but the price it would be shit to drop the almost 800 for ableton 9 suite or the 500 for cubase full version and end up thinking you wasted your money
that's deep anon
Nothing wrong with lmms, especially since the recent major update, it's very much usable. But you're the FL shill anyway so why am I bothering.
to be fair last time i used lmms was 2 years agoi dont even own fl i own cubase and ableton suite the only reason i reccomend fl to noobs is the price is way cheaper than every other programi prefer cubase the most
who the hell pays for daws?
i do and you cant even crack cubase 8 yet you know that right you have no option unless u pirate version 5
People who appreciate DAWs without DRM.  Renoise is $80.   I pirated it to try it out and then went and bought it a month later. But I also paid $250 for student edition Ableton 5 back in 2005 and that was a retarded idea.  Don't pay for locked down software with limited installs.  Instead pay the companies willing to give you quailty software with no install limits and no activations of any sort and no USB securekey nonsense.
People who appreciate DAWs without DRMWhat.Most, if not all, paid daws have DRM.
who the hell uses cubase?
lots of people use cubase in studio

not using the famous FL icon picture Shygdyg
It's the DAW of choice among prog metal self-producers
Shitty ones do.Renoise and Reaper do not.
FL Studio 12Since it came out a couple months agoAlso about a yearAny subgenre of EDM, mainly DnBDrum and BassNo, I'm loving FL studioMassive, old but lots of optionsOf course, I make music for fun, not for attention or money Although that would be nice
FL Studio, its quite easy to figure out, looks great, and easy to find torrents ;
Reaper is basically free.Renoise has drm, what the fuck are you talking about
I use fl 12, I LOVE absynth, I've been a synth engineer about for 5 years now, I don't use samples very much because I like using drum synths and hardware a lot. I own a MS 2000 and I want to buy a Yamaha dx-7 chowningizer Pic , I don't drink the devils nectar I drink carrot juice
What DRM?  It doesn't even require activation.  All they do is add on a text line at the bottom of the loading screen that tells you for who this download is registered.  I'm talking paid for versions not demos. There is no limpmode until activated, there is no serials with only 2 installs with only one allowed to be used at one time.
Kimyrd is a fag
serious question. what is the current replacement for tc electronics spark / or / sony bias peak    *for pc*  , i want to chop up breaks from old 70s tunes and do so at their zero crossing  no clicks  i don't need protools just 2track + vst matrix
What DAW is yours?FLHow long you been on it?5 yearsHow long have you been into music?5 yearsWhat genre do you play with the most?progressive house and minimalWhat Genre do you think you are best at?still have to figure outHave you thought about changing up to something else?yesWhat's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?JP6KDo you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?yes
LMMS"yes I'd like the retard of Ableton and FL studio"Sure! would you like it to look like a someone designed it for a 5 year old?""Oh god my dick is already getting hard!"I wanted to use FL 12 and was so mad when they changed a lot of things. It made me mad cause they thought they could just make it look all bubbly. Really? That's just really annoying.
oh it's FL shill timeI know, these EDM kiddies don't know shit about shit. Send these guys into a studio, full of hardware and they wouldn't know what to do but they call themsevles "producer".. and the tracks they produce make everyone whos got an ear for this get ear cancer.t.mastering engineer
*puts a radio and a spoon together with ductatpe*That should work. I'm an engineer
What DAW is yours?Cubase 8How long you been on it?Very long, many years..How long have you been into music?5+ yearsWhat genre do you play with the most?Techno, Progressive TranceWhat Genre do you think you are best at?Progressive TranceHave you thought about changing up to something else?no, it was always just been a hobby of mineWhat's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?u-he zebraDo you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?no, as I said.. just a hobby
no, it was always just been*has
How the fuck do i get nexus 2 and massive to work in ableton?  The instructions from the torrent just says mount the iso and then download and thats it.  Its way more complicated than just that and its all kinds of fucked.  GODDAMMIT
What DAW is yours?FL StudioHow long you been on it?2-3 yearsHow long have you been into music?4 yearsWhat genre do you play with the most?Dubstep, house, tropical, chill...What Genre do you think you are best at?DubstepHave you thought about changing up to something else?Yes, I want to improve my originalityWhat's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?Massive 3Do you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?I dont know
What DAW is yours?Ableton. Played with Reason and FL, but no point switching DAWs after putting three years into Abe and learning how to do everything Jackie Chan fast.How long you been on it?3years, without any particular application of discipline. Sheer hobby.How long have you been into music?My whole life, but the majority of it was in ignorance with shit taste. Learning one instrument at a time was agony, as well, since I never had anyone to harmonize with.What genre do you play with the most?Bass music, in general. The genres are so malleable that there's no point in being overspecialized.What Genre do you think you are best at?Dubstep. And not that tasteless wonky shit you hear on bud light commercials, I'm talking atmospheric tracks with heavily restrained synth modulation.Have you thought about changing up to something else?I do what I want. Might take a big swing at a serious track one day, and the next day I might make a 2-second vocal clip and force myself to sound design it outward into an entire, layered track.What's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?Minibrute is king in my studio. There's also Operator, Abe's native and ridiculously capable FM/additive synth, a couple of turns of the primary knobs get endlessly evolving tones. Massive is great for stacking tons of modulations on a whim but can sound really sterile.Do you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?That's the idea. I'm not trying to be a "success", I'm satisfying my curiosity. I've gone from zero to proficient in three years, I'd be surprised if I didn't want to start sharing my tracks in ten years.
Cubase LE 7 with an unlocked vst instrument limit.I also use cubase 5 pro to do some omf export.
jeskola buzz
What DAW is yours?ReaperHow long you been on it?pretty longWhat genre do you play with the most?jazz, funkDo you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?yes
What DAW is yours?ArdourHow long you been on it?1 year, since I've bought my focusrite scarlett.How long have you been into music?Must have been 11 years now. What genre do you play with the most?Hardtechno, but since last year also very much alternative rock.What Genre do you think you are best at?Uhhhm... Punk I think.Have you thought about changing up to something else?Because I mainly use ardour to record my hardware/instruments on multitrack, I would use anything that's respecting my freedom and serves this purpose. But I have to say, ardour does this very, very well and I had a lot of fun with it.What's your favorite synth, no matter how dumb it is?A semimodular analogue hardware synth, like the stuff from MFB. I know, modern software is able to reproduce the sounds of them and much much more, and I even own a MIDI controller which would give me the same feeling when playing, but anyway. They're just fun. Do you see yourself doing this way later on even if you get no where?Maybe. I'm just making music for fun, not to "get anywhere", and the sound I can get from my setup is not perfect, but I'm getting nearer and nearer to what I would like to hear.
I'M THE COMPUTER MAN
And I'm not.
Urbit == the WiredProve me wrong.
no u
, 
Is this still the best bang for the buck?Anything new coming?I don't like ARM
Phone didn't get damage. Started suddenly flickering. It flickers on all 4 corners.Already restored the phone, didn't help.help /g/
You dun goofed, time to shell out the cash for a new one at the apple store you faggot
I didn't buy it. Friend gave it to me.
apparently a hardware issuethinks he's gonna fix it by restoring the phoneMacfags, everyone.
I specifically said the phone didn't get any damage. Can you even read?
Still applies for accepting it.
Bring it to apple store or handphone repair store.
From googling around, lots of people have this issueseems like the issue comes from the LCD screen.
B-but I thought iShit ALWAYS WERKED?
whats a cheap replacement?My phone died yesturday and I want to spend 150€ max since I really dont use it for anything but music/whatsapp/calling
Buy an android device anon, problem solved
can i get a new droid device for under 150 bucks?
New to you maybe, it's going to be old or cheap though.
Definitely, there's a lot of good choices for that price range, I'd reccomwnd the Moto G, it's a nice phone with a good battery and Adreno graphics, it'll last a while, good buy in my opinion
Moto e 2g is $150 on amazon right now.
it didn't get any damageIt doesn't look like you stored it in a vacuum chamber under the constant room temperature with zero humidity, fag.
ok mr neckbeard, don't forget to tip your fedoranot bad, gonna look for a samsung device too in new condition, probably S3-S4?
Don't forget to buy yourself a new icloud-locked ibrick from Jamal, normie.
They're both good choices. S3 is cheaper, but the S4 is a more recent phone.
The display size just came into mind. Been always using the 3.5 screen.Will be weird to have the bigger screen of the S4 for example. Fuck
Coming from a 5s to a Nexus 6, you will hardly feel the difference, or will get used to it really fast, and probably will never go back to smaller screens. Phalets are the best of both worlds.
In exchange for what gay sex act?
nice meme
Zenphone 2 or moto g/e
, 
What's the best universal music program? I want to use the same music library on both Linux and Windows without them shitting up each other.
Or just partition you disk to combine the storage for the media of both OS's
VLC
without them shitting up each otherYou know, being able to change something while using windows that won't make my loonix player bitch how suddenly my metadata is corrupt and cover art doesn't work or vice versa. Actual music is on a NAS.
, 
Damn linux is amazing... My third day with linux, its just so fast and productive.. :-
You think thats good, wait till you try a real OS.
memebookshillstone
productivegaymespick one.
productive gamesPick one
Games ProductivityPeople still play kiddie games like warcraft?
samefagsamefigpick one.
like clockwork
see posters, idiots.
vlcskype
tidaltoo obvious/10
BUT THAT'S NOT WHAT SAMEFAG MEANS BECAUSE THAT WOULD MEAN I'M WRONG!TIME TO SPERG OUT!
Like what?
like linspire
Memebook?Why not both?LelI know skype is botnet, but i use it to keep in contact with peopleWhat you mean?
Lel arch is just as much of a real os
speaking of arch, what's up with the asshat that's been trying to force the meme that there's no point to arch other than installing it?
I know I'm giving up my freedom, but it's convenient.
I guess common knowledge can be sort of memetic.
why not both?Exactly
implying arch isn't a god tier distro and that installation without something like evolution is just asinine
My 20th year with windows and its just not fast enough for 3 entire programs.
DunnoYou get me.Thats how /g/ thinksI feel bad for you
mfw I met someone at work who played games
People still with autism thinking like this?
/g/thinks
What version of linux is that op
how did you get hearthstone to run? when i tried the blizzard launcher wouldn't launch, and hearthstone required it
It's GNU +LinuxAlso,that ugly top bar on chrome* and firefoxYou do know that you can disable it in chrome*, allowing for more browsing space?
Serious question; can you build a better small sized, just-as-quiet machine for the same price? Needs to barely draw energy, as well..Currently using an i5 Mac Mini from 2012, and would rather something that can run my gaymen.
I should clarify that this is for a media / server machine, before the autists attack.
for gamesyou're going to need a dGPU for anything above causual eshill stufffor media/serverI'm sure there's a way to get a i7 into ITXyou could probably find a microatx case similar in size to a DVR/VCR
i7Thanks for your opinion
Well he could use steam in home streaming and get by without a dGPU
Small sized I don't think so, cases that small are pretty expensive for some reason.  Hardware wise what are the specs that is a steam machine right?
Let's start with this.
I'd rather a dedicated, but it's the size / noise factor..which is why the Alpha is interesting since the thing is an equivalent of a 750ti IIRC, and can play most of the games on high / ultra save for the newest stuff, but again, I have a library with 600+ titles backloggedStill- rather a dedicated, just have Noise and size and possibly aesthetics since it'd have to be on display
Or, more applicable to heavier media /  server use, this.
I run a ton of services that I can't get on routers / NAS / etc.
shilling this hardshilling this farin the endit doesn't really matter
there was a thread a a couple of days ago and it was quite clear that  it is give good performance/$ machine. The only downside was that the GPU was non upgradable.
why can't we have SFF stuff like this with laptop parts, but have it modular?think thin ITX but with MXM capability
 I can't get on routers / NAS / etc.Decent Routers and NAS can run Linux. As will many of these media boxes.What can't you run on Linux, given enough processing power? It's like *the* best server OS out there.
Can't do android since I have to run stuff that's OSX / Win only. I also use this with a keyboard / mouse for regular browsing / etc now, actuallyactually lol'd. But hey, explain why you think so, I'm all ears. it seems so, but it'd last for like.. two years? But even then that's not bad for 330$ if it goes on sale again. 450 is questionable. idk.
I use some background services that re-encode video for mobile devices on the fly, so I'd need a bit of power to begin with the i5 has been more than enough, though. and some of the services are written by smaller developers and don't have a linux version as odd as that may sound. I could switch to an alternative, but i'd be missing some nice conveniences that I have now
 Can't do android since I have to run stuff that's OSX / Win only.I also mentioned Linux. But what servers are you using that are OSX / Win only? I also use this with a keyboard / mouse for regular browsing / etc now, actuallyUh, that's neither a problem on Android nor on Linux.But I'm starting to feel like you might indeed want to stick with Windows or OSX...
I use some background services that re-encode video for mobile devices on the fly, so I'd need a bit of power to begin with the i5 has been more than enough, though. Pick the right codec and settings and the S802 or RK3288 will also easily do it. and some of the services are written by smaller developers and don't have a linux version as odd as that may sound.Sounds very odd. But as you prefer - get an i5 on Windows then , if you've determined that that's what you need.
You're right- because I started the thread with "something that can run my gaymen", so I'd run windows regardless. OS X was only a decision because of silence and formfactor of the machine and that I used to do a lot of iOS dev but that's moot.
you are paying $450 top for a PC and expect it to be able to play AAA games for 3 years? That is  a bit unreasonable  IMO. For that you are better of with console.
Just buy a fucking console, retatd.
Consoles suck for the transcoding / media server / etc roles.He basically will want a Windows PC if it must be an all-in-one.Heh, I'm on a 6 year old machine now and it still plays AAA games.'cause consoles set such a low standard and most titles are cross-platform. And even true PC titles mostly consume gpu power at high settings, which are very optional to use...
You can easily build a powerful and quiet computer on the size of a console with a case like the RVZ02Basically all you need to do is to install liquid cooling on the cpu and find a card that is powerfull enough for your build, as it fits all cards. As you said, a 750ti equivalent is perfect for you, so you can use it and get the desired power, which is way better than the mobile equivalent, and the low profile card. You can also upgrade when needed.
install liquid coolingcorsair is coming out with a case with that built in
yeah and how much did your PC cost 6 year ago with all the upgrades over time?
if low noise and cost are more important than physical size, then you should be getting a mid-atx case, not a small casebecause;1. bigger case allows for more/bigger fans, which can be run slower and therefore quieter2. they're usually cheaper as they're more common
Wat.
Isn't it expensive as fuck? Like $300?Install liquid cooling on the RVZ02 is easy as hell, just check the youtube videos of it. All you need is get the same cooler they use, which I think is the H80iThat's true, but if I remember well, these small cases are not so expensive as they were. My next build will be using one of those from either Silverstone or Corsair and they seem pretty much the same price as mid-atx.
Never said that was my expectation, although within 600$ this would be possible given the ability to switch out gfx cardsI have a few. Graphics are significantly better on PC versions as you know- also doubles as media / etc. as seen above.Not all-in-one, just small and super silent and small power draw when semi-idle, but that's doable on most every machineConsidered that, but it's a bitch finding liquid cooled things- and it's far from silent at that point, still. Maybe things changed thoughmid-atx is a bit too large for where this would sit :
I think it was like $1200 total?But it was not just a gaming setup, I also got non-gaming spec things such as extra RAM for more than 1/3 the total cost.Games still don't need 16GB, it's all muh VM and in-memory database wrangling and stuff.Though even that, I'd probably have easily amortized on the over 100 cheaper PC games alone.Building a machine that is the same for gaming right now is probably about $500 or so.
As I said. The H80i fits perfectly. There are tons of youtube videos of people using it.
Looking this up now case, seems to be pretty sweet.  How's noise on liquid cooling though? In my experience they're far from silent :\Also wondering about the noise from the gpu since it's basically out in the open in that case.
remove DRMThere, better machine
I was thinking of getting one of those types of machine, but i have doubts it'd handle my chinese cartoons well.Leaning towards an i3 NUC, Refurbished Mac Mini, or ITX machine.
Different anon? but i have doubts it'd handle my chinese cartoons wellAs a receiver / decoder, they're likely far better than what you need. Many even do h.265 at like 2k or 4k resolutions / 30 fps in hardware already.As offline transcoder, they should work okay.As *realtime* / on-demand video transcoders, they're not good 'cause they'd only work with lower-end =high bandwidth high quality or low quality settings. You can't do the fancy high-end transcodes for high quality, medium bandwidth playback.There are also the Intel Atom based models pic. Leaning towards an i3 NUC, Refurbished Mac Mini, or ITX machine.I'd get the ITX machine, if in doubt. Only that will open significantly more options.
If everything was free no one woule be pushing for new inventions. You better thank your proprietary overlords.
There is a clear difference between "free" as in free beer and "free" as in open.
implying it isn't the u.s. patent system that's driven the whirlwind technical advancement of the last hundred or so years
The USPTO has driven shit.  It's pussy that makes the world go round.
diversity in tech / stemincompetent nignogs and other degenerates filling up workplaces cos muh quotastem progression grinds to a standstillthanks obama!
If everything was free no one woule be pushing for new inventions.got any facts to back that up?
if everything was free noone would make stuff that isnt for personal gain and/or family/friends. Everyone would be forced to learn how tomake stuff. Everyone tries to outdo others and make better newer inventions for their life/home. Faster progress and more inventions than now guaranteed.
No, because it ends up the same.  These DVDs I'm downloading are open as in pirated, and I ain't paying for them.
As long as I can get what I'm looking for for free, I'm happy. There's no lack of other people willing to pay for stuff.
Who's the spunk skunk?
tfw picture was taken where I live
Don;t forget BSD is GPL free!The good kind of free!
and your point is?
Okay, I know the specs are shitty, but dat 5K display though... The question is: Is it possible to build a similar PC for cheaper?
Of course it fucking is, you're buying from apple.
Not really, since the only 5K monitors on the market are that iMac and the UP2715K for 2.5k.
Ok, then just post a cheaper 5K display.
Don't tell me you actually believed the "you can just build your own Mac with better specs but cheaper!" joke. If that were the case, you would never see so many computer engineers using macs. Hell, even Kernighan used macs.
5K resolution and Radeon R9 M290 2GBAre Apple actually insane?You could make a better graphics card yourself using some straw and glue.
It's not meant for gaming.
Most people have other things to do and gets the computer from the company anyway. It is easier to buy a prebuilt because it is a single bill you have to argue with accounting over. Having more items that totals for less requires more works and this is why you won't see a lot of people do it for anything other than home use.
Not really possible because the monitors are expensive and would eat too much of the budget.Apple have crazy good supply lines on some stuff, the system isn't really powerful enough to take full advantage of the resolution though so it's a weird one.
For a 5k display you currently have the options ofA mediocre computer taped to the back of the display, this is the only way to use it. It is relatively cheap.Whatever the fuck you want hooked up to the display, shove it up your ass for all dell cares. Loads of money.Pick your poison.
Why is it there then? They could've left it out entirely and just ran with integrated graphics.
Pretending to be retarded is not a good form of shitposting. It's neither funny nor engaging.
why does half of /g/ run top-tier novidya cards on their linux shitboxes that they use exclusively to shitpost on /g/ and circlejerk in IRC?
It's two 2560 x 2880 monitors stitched together. It's going to suck.  Don't get it OP.
They could've also placed a paper card in the machine that said "sorry, not for gaming XD"
why does half of /g/ run top-tier novidya cards on their linux shitboxes that they use exclusively to shitpost on /g/ and circlejerk in IRC?Why do people drive BMWs in traffic jams on the way to work and back and never anywhere else?
Ok, since 5K displays are not available, is it possible to build a cheaper equivalent 4K setup?
Even if you could it's not really comparable seeing as it's an AOI.
given that the only other 5k display is a dell that costs $2000 on its own, not likelythe question becomes why do you need a 5k displaythere's barely any 4k content out there
Obviously.A 4K monitor goes for less than $1000.  That leaves $1000 to beat out everything else.  It can be easily done.
Kernighan exclusively uses macs at home too m8Not surprising since it's one of the few fully POSIX compliant, UNIX-certified operating systems out there now.
not with a 5k monitor
Couldn't find a 4K 27 inch display for less than $1000
can you fit it all inside the monitor?
this. cant remember if it is 5k or not but can probably set it up for 4k. tl;dw OSX doesnt like any hardware than apple hardware so drivers and performance are going to be an issueif you really want the 5k just buy it. sure it cost a lot and for a similar price you can get better hardware. however OSX is a killer os and imo the best out there right now. also the design and support of apple is very good as well. not as many game but still some good ones and might be able to run more if you dual boot windows or virtual machine.thats what you should look at if you want to debate a mac or not
Dell up2414q runs for around $800 so that leaves you $1200 for a good build easily.
It has the master race OS X, doesn't matter if the specs are a bit lower. OS X + 5K outweigh all the other shit IMHO. Unless ur doing super-intensive ass graphic or audio work it won't even matter.
:^Whats it like to be blown the fuck out?PCPartPicker part list: breakdown by merchant: Intel Core i7-4790K 4.0GHz Quad-Core Processor $325.99 @ SuperBiiz CPU Cooler: Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO 82.9 CFM Sleeve Bearing CPU Cooler $26.98 @ OutletPC Motherboard: ASRock H97M-ITX/AC Mini ITX LGA1150 Motherboard $65.98 @ Newegg Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws X Series 8GB 1 x 8GB DDR3-1866 Memory $55.89 @ OutletPC Storage: Samsung 850 EVO-Series 1TB 2.5&quot; Solid State Drive $372.98 @ Amazon Video Card: Sapphire Radeon R9 295X2 8GB Video Card $605.98 @ Newegg Case: Cooler Master HAF Stacker 915F Mini ITX Tower Case $35.98 @ Newegg Power Supply: Rosewill Fortress 650W 80+ Platinum Certified ATX Power Supply $99.99 @ Amazon Optical Drive: LG UH12NS30 Blu-Ray Reader, DVD/CD Writer $39.95 @ OutletPC Monitor: HP Z27q 60Hz 27.0&quot; Monitor $1233.26 @ Amazon Keyboard: Syba CL-KBD23024 Bluetooth Wireless Mini Keyboard $19.64 @ Amazon Total: $2882.62Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when availableGenerated by PCPartPicker 2015-06-08 01:52 EDT-0400
here you goeven gave you a nice silver case and the same shit apple peripherals
$2882.62I know this is shit bait, but you at least could have tried a bit harder0/10 see me after class
Hah, does it run OS X?
$2953cheaper than $1999
TN 4k
I bought my acer XB280HK for $930   Canadian in December. Incl tax and shipping  And that has a fucking GSYNC premium.  USD will be significantly cheaper due to the terrible exchange rate.I find it hard to believe you can't find a 4K monitor in the $600-700 price range.
That build was meant to beat the maxed out Mac 5k.Here is your cheaper windows machine that comes with a better GPU  290M = 270X Desktop GPUPCPartPicker part list: breakdown by merchant: Intel Core i5-4590 3.3GHz Quad-Core Processor $189.95 @ SuperBiiz Motherboard: ASRock H97M-ITX/AC Mini ITX LGA1150 Motherboard $65.98 @ Newegg Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws X Series 8GB 1 x 8GB DDR3-1866 Memory $55.89 @ OutletPC Storage: Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5&quot; 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive $49.99 @ Amazon Video Card: XFX Radeon R9 280X 3GB Double Dissipation Video Card $189.99 @ Newegg Case: Cooler Master HAF Stacker 915F Mini ITX Tower Case $35.98 @ Newegg Power Supply: Rosewill Fortress 650W 80+ Platinum Certified ATX Power Supply $99.99 @ Amazon Optical Drive: LG UH12NS30 Blu-Ray Reader, DVD/CD Writer $39.95 @ OutletPC Monitor: HP Z27q 60Hz 27.0&quot; Monitor $1233.26 @ Amazon Keyboard: Syba CL-KBD23024 Bluetooth Wireless Mini Keyboard $19.64 @ Amazon Total: $1980.62Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when availableGenerated by PCPartPicker 2015-06-08 01:59 EDT-0400
not only did you go almost $1000 over budget but you bought a 650 watt psu with a video card that pulls nearly 500 watts alone lol.Good job building a $3000 computer that wont turn on.
 $2880
here you go, revised for an ips monitor a whopping $10 more!
This one isn't bad, but it's practically the same as the 5k imac tbh. I'd still rather get the 5k imac because of OS X and form factor. But decent job nonetheless .
Mfw I have built 4 computers with a 650W psu and a 295x2 and it works just fine:^Also, the $2900 build was meant to beat the one of the top of the line Mac 5k models, hence the 4790k and 295x2. A Mac 5K With similar specs still completely lacking in the GPU department compared to the 295x2 is $3350.
Well, looks like the monitor is broken.
but dat 5K display though...What fucking good is a 5K display with a shit mobile GPU?Let alone the remaining shit internals.
Where's the Windows 8.1 licence? Or do you mean to tell me that you plan to run Loonix on that thing?
Gamer PowerIntel Atomholy shit, how are people so dumb as to fall for this shit

Nicely done, so it's actually possible!
I'd still rather get the 5k imac because of OS X and form factor.because of OS XI'm proud of /g/'s development.
uses a tripcode
kek
5konly a 2gb graphics cardits not for gaming!its for video and photo editing!which is objectively far more demanding!
Heres the equivalent Mac 5k model to the $2900 build :^$3600 , and even then you are getting a GPU equivalent of a 290x, whereas in the $2900 PC, you get 2x 290Xs.
is a newfagKenny wassup bro, why'd u leave us ??
M295xon par with a 290x295x2 gives you two 295x's
1TB SSD though.
You forgot the mouse, +$20 crappy mouse = $2000.63 so now it's more expensive than the iMac
What the fuck are you on about?An R9 M295X , a horrible, throttling mobile chip performs about on par with a desktop 290X.In the $2900 build, you get a 295x2 Desktop GPU, which is a dual 290X card on the same PCB.
The $2900 build here:Has 1TB SSD.Here is your reply.
So the conclusion is: The maxed out iMac is overpriced, but the base model is actually fair./thread.
/threading yourselfI would of done it for you.Yes, the very base model is not a rip off, unless you hate OS X but then why buy a mac at all?But upgrading it at all results in a shitty mess where you get the nice big Apple Tax.I just wanted to prove that for the same price of the Mac5k Base model, you can buy just as good of a PC Even better actually, faster GPU in the PC.
You did it right, also all in one will aways be shittier than towers anyway because of overheating and upgradeability.
the base model is fair due to market scarcity because barely anyone is making 4k content, much less 5kthere's no need for it, it's just apple's needless "innovashun" bullshit where the screen is the only concern, even if it comes at the expense of the components inside
Haha chillin man just been really busy. Peep muh thread though 
Apple can't into iMacs and Mac Pro's. But their laptop team are actually competent.
there is no need for ityou need 4k bitmaps for the screen to be usefulThere is this strange being called text. People who actually have jobs are quite familiar with it and appreciate the crisper rendering of a 5K display.
The question is: Is it possible to build a similar PC for cheaper?Nope.Can't be done. You have to do away with the slim unibody design, and put a tower somewhere, then maybe.
Every top shelf Mac is overpriced due to the price curve when upgrading any part....I thought we all knew this?
with about half the number of pixels
Looks like trash though.We're talking an All-In-One sexy desktop PC here that requires no fuckloud and noisy case.You want the PC to be INSIDE the monitor. Good luck pal. This thing is a marvel of engineering. Have fun ever building something that fits the form factor of their product. You can't do it.Sure, you can copy the specs, but as far as design goes, you can't.
crispier rendering of a 5k displayyeah, I'm sure the microscopic improvement in smoothness compared to 4k is real noticeable in everyday workI'm sure your boss also appreciates you spending an extra grand just to accomplish that oh-so-crispy render
Windows 10 is gratis, but GNU/Linux is still a better choice. Hell, you could even hackintosh the damn thing.
implying you do things for your boss, not for the quality of the work itselfspoken like a true cube slave
noisy casethe vents for the imac fan are directly under the bottom bezel, which sits about a foot away from your face on averagegiven the thermals on this hunk of junk, you'd be hearing that fan doing something so simple as opening a web browsermeanwhile, a case is usually on the ground and provides better airflow so there's no need for the fans to ramp up 24/7also, having your pc in a case allows for further upgrading in the future
You could make a better graphics card yourself using some straw and glue.It's a 285 with all 2048 stream processors enabled instead of only 1792. So it'll be about the same speed as the original 7970. Sure you won't be able to play most gaymen at 5K. But it's hardly a shit tier mobile GPU.
because i can see every goddamn fuckhueg pixel in all the dots on these i's on my 4k display, and it's driving me nuts, because i am the lamest X-Man ever, and my power is ultra mega superhuman visiontfw the name "Hawkeye" was already taken, by some yahoo who thinks he's Robin Hood
cube slavespoken like a true autismbux recipient
It's probably okay for 1080p gaming. But yeah, nowhere near the horsepower for the monitor. Maybe tetris.
The question is: Is it possible to build a similar PC for cheaper?maybe but it will be shit for sure. and it won't be as good.worst part about buying PCs is how little they're worth when you need to sell them. they lose 50% of value in 6 months. for some reason Macs keep value for a very long time.
Dell 5k monitors were $2,5k before apple released that imac.
The iMac is still a league above any Tower+Monitor setup. OP asked if you can build something like this. The answer is you can't. Just accept it.
league aboveyeah, that 2-year-old laptop gpu, 8gb of ram, and non-overclockable i5 sure are unbeatableI don't know how other plebs can deal with not having it
gaymen
5k screens are better for editing 4k video than 4k screens are since 5k gives you the extra screen real estate needed for your NLE's UI without scaling down the video. This means that going forward, video editors are likely to standardize on 5k IPS displays while  the majority of 4k screens will be TN consumer crap.
gpus can only be used for gaminggood to know that you're completely retardedit'd be a shame to have some functioning part of your brain
Look, the iMac is the nicer machine, and OP asked if one could build something like the iMac. You can't. What are you arguing about?
You can'texcept you can, and it's been proven several times throughout this threadmuh form factorthe form factor is useless if it cripples performance
Did you even read the OP?The question is: Is it possible to build a similar PC for cheaper?not:Can you replicate this exact thing for less money
let me know when you can do real cad work on macs.
This thread really should have ended with the pcpartpicker lists.Everything past that was low-quality bait and people falling for the bait
wanting to overclock gave you away, you dumb autistgo play Crysis and let the adults shitpost
This thing is a marvel of engineering
overclocking your cpu only affects gamingI'm done responding to this shit bait, cuz that sentiment alone was enough to cement your stupidity
Anon this is 4chan.
Atom Processor
 tfw some people actually bought that for 2.5k
dude got jewed good.
since they're half the price of the mac, you'd better fucking hope the mac keeps its value
haha /thread
let the adults shitpost4chan in a nutshell
 half the price memenice maymay! I literally kek'd and jizzed myself
in 2007 maybe. The adults moved on to greener pastures a while back.
What greener pastures? This site might be going to shit, but the rest of the internet isn't exactly getting less cancerousinb4 8ch
Anything above 4K at 32"It's like you're actually a fucking moron.There's a good reason nobody else is dumb enough to use 5K.
Not everyone is as blind as you are.
Greener pastures?There are no greener pastures.The adults are still here. The ones that left didn't move on to somewhere else, they just got dragged down in life things to not have time to post here.
No, but everyone is a delusional fucking idiot who thinks they can see the difference between 4K and 5K on a 27" monitor.You can't see fucking shit unless you are literally touching the glass.5K is not properly supported by connectors, it's even harder to run than 4K and it comes with no real benefit to any normal person.
Fucking this. Seriously, anybody who's in the market for a 5k monitor is already going to have some god tier workstation with firepros or quadros in it with a niggabyte of ram and vram, a 2GB mobile graphics card can barely power that things animations probably. It's literally the "Giant numbers means it's worth it" the computer.
The iMac is the best normalfag desktop solution, by that I mean someone who just wants to buy a computer and not worry about building it, literally just plug in and use.Any normal fag would be happy with the specs and display, you can even play league of legends maxed out! For me it's crap though, I could build a better PC or just get a retina MacBook.
Ok kid.
If nothing else it's helping push desktop computing out of its current brick pixel pitifully low DPI rut. Maybe if we're lucky it'll push Nvidia and AMD to get their asses in gear and push some radical upgrades.
Here, have a You. It's better than those sour grapes you'll never reach.
since they're half the price of the macnot comparable specced ones. especially not 5K one!
Nice comeback moron.Fuck off and play with your useless 4K phone for the 15 minutes the battery lasts.Yes but we're having trouble running things at 4K as-is, in terms of sheer graphical horsepower needed and a ton of programs still having retarded scaling.I'm of the opinion we get 4K sorted out HDMI needs a 4K@120 spec before we try to go too far past it.
The m295x is *alright* for gaming, not that great though. Apple probably sold 90% m295x upgraded iMac 5ks, you'd have to be insane to settle for the m290 running a 5k display.
5K monitors sell for $1300. A fucking burger flipper could have one if they really wanted to do something stupid.
As far as I can tell Windows is the only platform that shits its pants with scaling. Linux is fine if you're using the right DE or WM setup and OS X hasn't ever had scaling issues, even right out the gates with the first rMBP.And why wait for shitty old HDMI? Displayport 1.3 is right around the corner and is actually meant for monitors.
you'd be hearing that fan doing something so simple as opening a web browserHaving owned a 5k iMac, this is fucking retardedThis is what red LED, ricer case building idiots actually believe
computer engineer
On the Internet, nobody knows that you're a dog pretending to be an electrical engineer
Because the vast majority of people use HDMI and will probably continue to do so.I know it's shit, you know it's shit but the average consumer will still use it.Windows 8.1/10 is actually pretty good with scaling, it's just some programs that refuse to play ball and fuck it up.
since no one is playing games with that graphics card, can't you switch to amd for better editing performance at a cheaper price?
You can use high-end external gpu with thunderbolt.
What's the airflow like on those things?  You can't fit jack shit inside to cool them so it must be godly.
Windows 8.1/10 is actually pretty good with scaling, it's just some programs that refuse to play ball and fuck it up.Then stop using those programs and pick up something that is actively developed and keeps up with the times.On a sidenote, why do Windows users so frequently get fixated on a particular set of programs and try to use them for eternity? It's a rather alien concept for Mac users. We will readily abandon an application if its developer doesn't keep it up to date with the last one or two releases of OS X.
They use a massive heatsink for heat dispersion to reduce the need for fan cooling, and the machines run pretty hot even with the two included fans, nothing like the temps you'd see on a gaming PC.
Because if they weren't the type to be psychologically tied to a piece of software for no good reason they wouldn't be using Windows.
#bantz
ok since Porsche motors are not available is it possible to build a cheaper equivalent using a KIA motor?
HP Z27q
why does half of /g/ run top-tier novidya cards on their linux shitboxes that they use exclusively to shitpost on /g/ and circlejerk in IRC?This is why we need to fucking put a password on our channel, guys. Any fucking casual running mIRC can just walk in on our circle-jerking.
Yes, it is.But you can go stronger for cheaper aswell.8Gb dual channel: 50 - 100€i5 4th gen: 150 - 200€R9 290x 350 - 450€Case: 50 - 100€HDD: 50€SSD: 50 - 150€Mobo: 50 - 100€This PC beats that shitty Mac and costs between 750 - 1150€ and you'll still have 1250 - 850€ left for the display and periferalsimplying Apple was good one dayimplying Apple is not just plain shit.Enjoy your cancer, faggot.

HP Z27q$2000It IS a 5k display, but it kind of proves that the 5k iMac isn't that overpriced.
there's a blower-style cpu cooler with an exhaust out of the bottom of the bezel, and the body is designed to act as a heatsink for dissipating heat from the other componentsin other words, the thermals are terrible
the z27q is $1200
Not really. There are cheaper 5K displays than the dell but they aren't iMac tier quality

see 
lebbit
, 
720p phone3100mah battery lasts 5hr SOT
people actually think 5hrs of SOT is something to celebrate
Beggars can't be choosers. And as qts will tell you, Android users are filthy beggars.
so what you're saying is, you're pissed that's all the sot you get. you aren't talking about the snsv memefone 2 are you?
yaourt lying, qts wouldn't say that
are you unaware of the "doesn't even send blue text" meme?
1350mAh master race reporting in.tfw only 1 call in 6 daystfw when always carefully kept carefully on standby
5.7" 1440p display3200mAh batteryTouchWiz bloat7 hours screen on time
1080p phone3100mah batterylasts 8hr SOT
480p1900mAh battery1d2h
720p phone2000mah battery at least it used to be, 2 years agoLasts me a day easily, never bother to turn of 4G, wifi, GPS or bluetooth.Such is the life with Windows Phone.
Note 4 master race
1080p3200mAh batteryAOSP clean ness10 hour SOTsure that was also about the same amount of time it was on battery, but I was actually using the phone to watch movies all day
A day of screen-on-time?
Unless you're in fucking high school people shouldn't care about that.
i want at least 12 hours SOT, fuck all of you who celebrate current battery life, i know it's irrational but i feel like blaming you for OEMs not giving me what i want.
First post on /g/Discuss, pic related

Is it a nintendo ds with no buttons? Why the fuck would somebody want that?

New Samsung patent for a clamshell dual screen device. Lots of cool features but is it viable?
Patentlymobile/2015/06/a-new-samsung-patent-reveals-a-possible-game-changing-form-factor-coming-to-the-galaxy-note.html
that pen camIt would be perfect to get pantyshots/creepshots, nobody would think anything + easy to sneak inside thin spaces like cracks between bathroom stalls.10/10 would voyeur with.
This is why I love 4chan....
Hey Look its a Toshiba Libretto!I have one these
Check em
Not content with stealing from Apple, Samsung now turns to ripping off Sony.
You mean ripping off Nintendo. Nintendo DS was the first mass produced dual screen clamshell device.RIP Nintendo after this device is out on the market.
Toshiba LibrettoSummerkids in here don't even know about the glory that is a Toshiba Libretto.
dual screen clamshell is why the DS is successful
Android support for dual screen devices is absolute shit. This will never work as well as a single screen device for anything.
Nope. Samsung, like all large companies, patents lots of shit to A keep their lawyers busy and B hopefully jew some cash out of anyone unlucky enough to infringe on their 'intellectual property'.This one's not going to work because the ball mechanism would be fragile, it would produce shit quality images, and most importantly it'd cost a shitload to miniaturize a camera and memory/communications hardware to an S-Pen size.
Nintendo DS was the first mass produced dual screen clamshell device.Aside from that Donkey Kong thing back in the 80s.
, 
, 
Anyone know anything about the BlackPhone and if its worth getting. I don't like the fact that I'm monitored wherever I go.
If you really gave a shit about not getting tracked you'd buy prepaid phones every week with paper money at department stores, and take the batteries out whenever you aren't actually making a call.This is a smartphone with GPS just like any other, and phones without gps can still be tracked based on which cellphone tower you're nearest. Someone still knows where you are at all times.
I don't like the fact that I'm monitored wherever I go.Yet you want a phone.
Blackphone is a sham. I was looking forward to its release back then but as soon as I found out you had to actually get a monthly subscription to use it in the first place, it died.Also, what has been said alread; if you're concious about being tracked, just leave your prepaid burner phone at home.
So is this still up to date? What's good in terms of security, media and other stuff?I'm late, but just got my first smartphone. 2015
I'd say yeah, pretty up-to-date still.
It's outdated as fuck, swiftkey is confirmed keylogger.
Swiftkey a keylogger? Pls elaborate
Fleksy is amazing but the predictions and corrections sometimes suck compared to SwiftKey
I dusted off the old discs and found this.This is Linspire. It was GNU/Linux, but with freedom replaced with a subscription fee. Internally, it is practically debian but with apt replaced by a proprietary system called 'Click and Run'.It was back when 2005 was 'year of the linux desktop'. In all honesty, if they didn't try to jew people out of money for the first few years of its existence, it could've been in Ubuntu's position now.
As you can see, it tried its hardest to be a Windows clone.
cool
 Based in San Diego, California, Lindows, Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications. It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API.What could go wrong?
Click and Run doesn't work anymore. The servers for it were shut down in ~2009 IIRC.Access originally cost $50 a year.
Damn, I might've actually tried that once. The explorer sidebar's tabs ring a bell.
They provided a web browser in the form of a rebranded Firefox.There is a lot of that sort of thing in Linspire.
More.Towards the end they gave away copies in every magazine they could. That's how I got it.
They also had dodgy iPhoto and iTunes rip-offs called LPhoto and LSong.
It's pretty obvious to see where they got their inspiration from.
It was filled to the lid with stuff designed to 'help the user'.I wonder how much an ISP would've paid to have their name here?
Although this page is a bit tongue in cheek, Stallman once said on Linspire "No other GNU/Linux distribution has backslided so far away from freedom. Switching from MS Windows to Linspire does not bring you to freedom, it just gets you a different master."
There's a difference between making something easy to use and making it an uninspired knock off, I'm glad this shit never took off
c'mon baby run linspire
This was one of the few positive contributions made to the community.NVU eventually was forked to make Kompozer, which is still around today.
Hey, it still works!
I'm so glad that the trend has moved away from XP style bubbly shit, you forget how ugly they are
Doesn't look too bad tbh
not liking kde crystal
 it has tabs in file explorer windows 10 doesn'tKill me now
What is Linux Mint
Basically proto-Zorin?
ZorinI kind of pity the developers, even they know their distro is at best just a stepping stone for users new to linux.
It came with some riced out wallpapers though.



this feels very 00s
WINDOWS STILL DOSNT HAVE TABBED EXPLORER
If anyone gets curious, here is an ISO.
install Linspire
And this is the promotional flash tutorials that come with it.I don't have flash, so I can't say if they work or not.
It's running probably the most retarded ass looking remix of KDE3.
Fuck my friend ran this on his old shit PC.I always wondered what windows was it, because it looked cool. I assumed he riced the fuck out of it, but turns out it was this distro. Now i know why he never played games...
dat font rendering
Posting this here because appropriate:
What is with companies and trying to monetise GNU/Linux but failing terribly?It's frequent as:thisxandroscalderamandrivacorelhave all tried to no avail.
new meme of /g/ !install Linspire
Anybody remember when Linspire was called Lindows and had this amazing catchy tune?
Yeah it's a bit weird you have to get an external application for this to be a feature.
Bill wants Lindows- wants the trickWants XP to be as slick.
Proprietary software.
All around the Lindows clock. Hey let's do the Lindows rock!
Adding software with one click!
So much software for one click...Folks at MIcrosoft are sick
LinspireMandrivaShit I remember when these distros were a thing and literally every computer magazine would shove at least one random ass Linux distro onto each months DVD. Brings back memories man....
That was absolutely disgraceful. Stallman has more musical talent
Mandriva That was the first Linux I ever used, back when it was called Mandrake, it wasn't too bad as far as I remember
My god, how could such good marketing fail?
Oops --wrong link.
How are you running this? Distros this old run in virtual machines?
I ran it on an old Pentium 4 I had out to read some floppies. That was why I opened it up.It should still run on a virtual machine though, just about anything for the right architecture will.
Me too. Mandrake was way better than Ubuntu on the friendliness game. I remember how UT2K ran way better on it than on WinXP. It has Linux version.
"Stuff that makes you cringe"
Is this shit for real? Not a parody?
That looks comfy as fuck. Reminds me of a riced up Windows XP every teenager had in 2005
Linus' english is quite good. He doesn't sound like a rally driver like most finns. Then again he has lived in america for years.
I certain Steve "Sweaty Balls" Ballmer doing that stupid face would show up.
You can't succeed as a company if your whole advertising strategy is to just name-drop your main competitor as much as you can.Just imagine how Apple would've fucked up if every second sentence on their website was 'lets commit arson in the Microsoft Headquarters'.
Apple was like that for a while and it was just as cringeworthy: 
That was during their almost collapse too, coincidence?
I remember hearing about "lindows" and how it would have been able to run windows programs because of some dll hacking or something like that, it did sound pretty neat at the time.Then they got sued or something I dunno.PS: the install linspire forced meme is awful, stop with that shit
PS: the install linspire forced meme is awful, stop with that shitThis is the same site that thought autistic unicode Twitch meme faces were hilarious, it's not going to stop without divine intervention of some kind.
PS: the install linspire forced meme is awful, stop with that shitthis forced shitty meme is better than that forced shitty meme
install linspire
Redhat exists, also they have a more viable business strategy to "sell" GNU/Linux. They basically sell support and audit while those failed projects tried to sell the software itself.
Pretty good, but still not as good as "windows 98 opener"
eOS is much worse than this.
Help me with my university safety induction quiz /g/
The correct answer is to take regular, short stretch breaks. You are welcome.
No install gentoo optionThat quiz is bullshit.
Looks like a Best Buy eLearning.
, 
windows
Blaming your shit just because you can't use them is a pretty immature thing.ganoo stuffthat work fine nevertheless
linux
blaming windows for gnu software being shitok kid
programs stops respondingblame windows which is still running properly
looks like your cpu pooped itself
Remember, keto diet!
hardware defectblames linux#justplebthings
Looks like a fine dialog box to me, provides plenty of relevant information. @the guy claiming notepad++ is a GNU project, it ain't -  just use the GPL
it very clearly says gnu in the screenshot bruh
Yet it is not a GNU project.
disavowing a shit program to make gnu look better
GNU is shit but that doesn't make notepad++ a GNU project -  it is not hosted or even mentioned on the GNU sight.
sightu avin a giggle m8?
implying I'm pleb enough to run linuximplying that it's my cpu
Hi /g/,I want to make a mini browser game.There are 3 players online and each are typing some text, which is than compared and winner is deicded. Which languages and frameworks I should use for server side?
fuck off
PHP & JavaScript
What do?
Install a GNU/Linux distro.
Pay actual money for Windows like some kind of freak
try activating windows
Any way i can use the OEM license from an older decommissioned WIN7 machine?
just run microsoft toolkit
, 
Firefox about:config tweaks thread.Post the ones you use and recommend.
browser.newtab.preload;falsebrowser.newtabpage.enhanced;falsebrowser.devedition.theme.enabled;truebrowser.search.showOneOffButtons;false
browser.pocket.enabled falsebrowser.urlbar.trimURLs falsegeo.enabled false
browser.enablehackermode true
browser.gofasterdamnit truebrowser.stopcrashingwhenflash.isused truebrowser.allowbotnet false
browser.devedition.theme.enabled;true
loop.enabled to false if you don't want the hello buttonAlthough it isnt malware its just a WebRTC service. You can keep it if you want.Some actually useful addonsNoScript, uBlock Chris or gorhill, MAFF, FEBE, Lazarus, Session ManagerEnjoy.
user.js - Firefox hardeningprobably don't want to use all settings but rather study one by onetrying canvas skia backend with cairo as fallback on linux but font rendering sucks with skiagfx.content.azure.backends;skia,cairogfx.canvas.azure.backends;skia,cairopipeliningnetwork.
media.peerconnection.enabled false
browser.search.showOneOffButtons false
NoScriptTell me why you are still using that shit and not transcend with uMatrix
What does /g/ think of these?
B&WMarketing hype beast, similar to bose and beats, but the product is actually decent.Not worth the price tag however.R8 the cabinets I just designed for my new subwoofer drivers.Gonna build one to replace my coffee table and one to go in the back corner of the room, should be hitting about 135db with 3000w per driver.
3000 watts per cab* my bad.
Enjoy your permanent hearing loss.
OP hereIt sounds like it's gonna be dope. I don't have any talent to make something, that'll sound good, and I abosolutely don't have the talent to make it look good. I fell for the logitech shit without knowing, and no I'm looking to upgrade. You know anything in the price range that can match the B&W?I was also looking the audio engine a5+ but have been told they're memeish.
I bought a5+s and sold them a few months later. They're pretty underwhelming honestly, definitely not worth the money. I don't own 685s but I own the 5.1 system, and that's extremely impressive. 685s are my next purchase, as the front left and right speakers.
I'm gonna go into a showroom tomrrow and have a look at the 685 or possiblely the 686s which are smaller Don't know the size difference is worth it. My desk space is at a premium.

Nice, maybe 686s for a desk. I always thought 685s were maybe slightly too big for that. I've not seen them in person though so showroom should sort that. Good luck!
which b&w 5.1 do you own?
It really is so much cheaper building your own enclosures instead of buying pre-made towers/subsratewithout a reference for size of box, the internal design, and the speakers themselves I can't
wrong thread breh, but its called speccy
But build speakers never that level of aesthetic polish that premade speakers do.
MT-50. I wanted to the awesome sub on the 60d but it was over 1500 extra and I live in apartment so can't even really get much mileage out of a better sub. Instead I'm going to change out the front two speakers with 685s eventually. The system is great though, 5/5.
That's wrong tho, they will look as good as the amount of work you put into them.If you're a lazy talentless hack they will look shit, if you care and put effort into it, they will look good.
Just get better working the flesh of the Earth like Jesus did my friend.I enjoy the things I make as much as I enjoy making them well.
Whoa, that speaker casing is impressive if you made that
anyone have opinion about Thonet und Vander?
I didn't, it's a pic off AVSforums.2x eminence lab15 drivers, tuned to 29hz, approx 9 cuft per cab.
I have plans/schematics for a build that I've been thinking about doing.  The problem with DIY speakers is that after you buy the tools you don't have in my case, a means to cut the baffles you end up really close to the price of premade speakers.  These are $300 for example, and after I buy the supplies for my DIY speakers I'm very close to that amount.
help pls
So buy precut boxes and baffles from DIYSG or just buy the tools and make the speakers, then you can make as many speakers and designs as you want.fuel pump goes out on your car, shop wants 500 to replace it, instead, you pay 200 for the new pump and 300 on a really nice set of tools.You do it yourself, which takes half a day, then when the next part on your car breaks, you essentially fix that for free, then the next part on your car breaks, and you're essentially making money at that point.Tools are an investment, and they are a good one.
can you help me design a small back horn loaded speaker for 3" fostex p800k drivers?this design is a little big, how do i downscale it a bit? just use ratio and reduce everything?
he thinks premade speakers grow on trees.protip: little chinese people make them.
tossing out tools after 1 project/v/
You can't just downsize a model like that, all the tuning will go right out the window.I just googled that driver and this popped up, looks interesting.remember that smaller boxes wont handle bass well, for bass you need big drivers and big boxes.
is the yoshimoto cabinet. external dimension is similar to , but the maze is different size.Just remember that smaller boxes wont handle bass well, for bass you need big drivers and big boxes.yes, i'm not looking to blow my mind, just something acceptable and smaller.
You gotta remember that the design for sale there says that it's rated to 115hz, which is already pretty stupid high roll-off, so that's gonna need a sub for sure unless you like the sound of laptop speakers.I'd want speakers that are strong down to like 60hz minimum as you want the speaker to go an octave past the xover point for the crossover, and the crossover point should be around 80-100hz.
pls. laptop speakers are junk.i already bought the fostex, they were 2000 yen for the pair.it will my first build, so gotta start cheap.
should i just make the fostex double ported design and call it a day?
Laptop speakers have no bass, that was what I was pointing out.
Where are you going to get 3000 watts of amplifier power?
Very good on mediums, lows are quite short
Check Monitor Audio and Magnat speakers, very good bang for your bucks
see
ITT: post future-proof tech.Tech that just dont give a fuck about the "planned obsolesence"Pic related, my 7970 can still go ultra 60+ fps and render 1440p videos like a breeze.
my 7970 can still go ultra 60+ fpsin what?
Counterstrike
So can the cabbage I have sitting on my kitchen counter, but I need that for dinner.
heh, my 9800 Pro can still go ultra 120+ fps
This baby can still cook a steak in under 4 minutes.
My Riva TNT can do 8k 144hz 10 bit h265 no problem.
In what?
ur mums butt
the original George foreman grill
heh, in the coolest games
Everything, i dont even play counter strike.
Thats a 280x, right?
still too early, but looks like it'll last another 2-3 yearspretty muchthere's people out there who bought 670/680/770/780s over 7970/290
ITT
I had a 9800 Pro AIW.Badass card back in the day.
I can still hit 30 fps on gta 5 with 8800gtx
7950 is still going strong.Only game I've had trouble with is Witcher 3. Even then, turn the AA off and all is right again.
More like GeForce Grill, am I right? Hahaha.
dx11.2another 2-3 years:^
I still have that creative drive. And a quantum fireball hdd. Both things work perfectly. Funny fact is that none of modern tech was able to keep working this long eg pile of baracudas in the corner of my room
Sorry to say but a GPU is like THE best example of planned obsolence tech.I too use a GPU from 2012 and still have little to complain about but witht he current trend in the gaymen industry where they go full android and expect everyone to just have a monster PC rather than optimize their shit I can see a pretty grim future for budget gaymen.
How is the 290?I'm thinking about picking it up or a gtx 780, 290 gets slightly better framerates in most benchmarks I see and is a bit cheaper. But I'm afraid of driver problems.
This motherfucker right here. I doubt anything will top it.I thought maybe the Titan was the second coming just at twice the price but now looking at Witcher 3 benches it's fucking pathetic.
the driver issues are rather minor and only there in a few games with Nvidia software in it like that hairworks in Witcher 3. You should check if you have a good cooler in your case and if your PSU can handle the 290 but usually AMD offers a bit more bang for your buck.However if you're planning on Loonix gaymen you should stick to Nvidia.Your advice by a Nvidia shill.
My 560 Ti is great but...1GB
+1this and the 4870 were the fucking shit
But I'm afraid of driver problems.The only issue I can say I ever have with my 280 is some weird as fuck Overscan in Payday 2.
4890.
Future-proofLiterally any iPhone with an "S" in the name and any samsung phone with the word "note" on his name.Oh and meego phones.
dont need aa at 1080p... but i grew up when gaming resolutions were 640×480 or less on a 17inch monitor, and whatever the fuck ps1 games were...hell for me once 720 and 1080p became standard, jaggies aren't really noticeable unless you have extreme contrast.
I own this videocard,bought it on sale for 249 EU ,I love it.Will run anything on 1080
dont need aa at 1080pmaybe on a 15" screen
that just shows how young you are... its cute how people bitch about jaggies when they dont even know what jaggies are.
lol looks fine 2 me :ok faggot, enjoy your jaggies. why put up with them when you can eliminate them?
Never ever obsolete, god bless the 9800 GT for its overclocking capabilities and magical handling of every single game
51C Idle
so much this. I run mine at 1030MHz
Genuine question, what's so fun about Tera? I've never got myself to pass the starting town.
Tera has probably one of the worst startups I've seen in an MMO, but the whole action combat and whatnot jazz is pretty fun from a tanking perspective which only barely starts at level 20, kind of an idiotic move to make the game only get fun at 20 levels in and above. I guess the whole fun of being able to control what happens on the fights/battlegrounds is just a benefit of it.But yes, preset 5 on a 9800 GT running at 70+ FPS stable framerate in dungeons and stable capped 45 FPS in world is a huge amazement considered how badly optimized this game is.
i'm using it too
this performance almost identical like newest 7730/7750/7770/r5 200 asshole amd stop making the hd4000 driver.
not buying vindictus the superior Korean action mmo
I haven't touched Vindictus for a bit, waiting for new content but seemingly some has landed on jHeroes, thanks for reminding me anon.A shame Vindictus has god awful pacing, billion levels of the same area with trash mobs + trash end-miniboss five hundred times and then a great bossfight area/raid.
because i would rather the processing power either keep me above 60fps or bring me better graphics without needing to spend 500~$ on a 4k monitor that isnt shit, or 600+$ on a gpu that can push 4k than downscale. also, the push to 4k at least in my eyes is retarded, general pc use you dont see jaggies, so at 24 inch 4k would require you to scale the ui up giving you no benefit for the extra real estate you could have, and in games, its just the most expensive fucking aa you could ask for...i want a 48 inch 4k for real estate purposes, and i will game in a 1080p window surrounded by a black box.like i said, to me, these aren't even jaggies at this point... this image is jaggies, and keep in mind, i was either in my bedroom on a 27 inch tv, or in the living room on a 32 inch tv, when you got use to this, and than went to 720 or 1080... jaggies are no longer an issue.
the thing you are too stupid to realize is that you played those old games on a CRT with naturally rounded sub pixels. The hard lines of a low resolution image get smoothed out by the physical nature of the display. On a sharp-ass LCD those hard lines are perfectly clear, because the pixels are perfect squares.
oh god they didn't... are you fucking kidding me? have you never played an old game on an old console? i still have my 27 inch down stairs for lightgun games... god damn do the jaggies on that thing stand the fuck out and nothing is going to fix that.if you played a nintendo 64, you may not realize it but most of the games on that system had a AA pass done, the best game that comes to mind is megaman legends, i have the ps1 copy and it plays nice and smooth, but the 64 version has a 2x pass and though the game looks smoother, it plays sub 30fps much of the time.jaggies... hell even when i played at higher resolutions on my computer monitor, that shit was horrible, 17 inch 1600x1200 wasn't bad, but because the ui in most games didn't scale i was stuck to 1024x768 just so text was readable. like i said, once 720p never used this on a computer, only consoles hooked up to a 36 inch crt hdtv and later 1080p, the jaggies are such a non issues like i said outside of extreme contrast which is rare, hell to even see jaggies you have to be purposefully not playing the games and looking for them.keep in mind, 1080p scaled up to 4k wont look bad because its an exact pixel upgrade, 1x1 becomes 2x2, so scaling wont be an issue but if i had to play an older game full screen because a window would be to small to read... the scaled up 4:3 would look like fucking hell, its why sd content on an hd tv looked so god awful. it wasn't that it was sd on hd its that it scaled like shit.
Nvidia 8600GTTurn off shadowsUltra settings at 720p&60FPS in modern games
that speaks more to the shittiness of Seagate than anything.I still have a couple original velociraptors that work perfectly and a bunch of Maxtor 200GB IDE drives that work
Not having the superior HIS Ice-Q coolerNot reaching behind the case to flip the fan speed to high before starting HL2
Bullshit. You may get good FPS in the lower level dungeons but anything 60+ is a lag fest. Also my 2500k and 290 only get 30 fps in town and max 60ish doing other shit. The only place I have gotten 120 was out in the middle of the grass fields in vellika far away from the city and looked down at the grass.
3 FPS on minimum quantity 640x480 in Ark
290 can do 12.1, moron.
Has anyone had a graphics card they actually liked?Every one I buy runs hot, doesn't perform as it should, and is always stuttery when it does.
I bought a second-hand 560 last year and it has been pretty good. Able to run all the games i like FONV, GTA IV and V at 1080p. I built the tower to play GTA IV which it does at high settings avg 56fps. GTA V is a significantly harder on the system - lowest graphics settings, FXAA, high draw distance/population sliders, half vsync - at 1080p 30fps it's smooth in single player but for online I choose to drop down to 720pSo a little disappointed now with gta v but the 560 has handled games far better than i expected and it will hold me over until Fallout 4 comes out
speaker on a GPU
Sure it's not you're CPU holding you back? pile of barracudas
I've always liked the HD 7950. Stock they're pretty decent. Had a Gigabyte one that was stock OCed to 900MHz, got it up to 1150/1575MHz. Later bought a Club3D one for $200 brand new a few years back. That thing OCed completely stable to 1300/1700MHz 1.25v, 84C after 30mins mining litecoins.
2500k
fx6300750tii am a certified casual. shall i ever want for more?
-Q6600, Still plays any game I've thrown it, over 8 years old.-HD 5870, nearly 6 year old card that'll run fucking anything. I'd go with an 48X0 or 8800 but those thing's don't quite cut it in this DX11 world.
Some of my friends looked so cash when we did this back in midle school.
NEVER OBSOLETE in big, screaming letters566 MHz Intel Celeron Processortop lel
Plus, upgrade your PC to the fastest model on the market every 2 years for only $99I wonder if that's actually honored anymore. Even if the machine specs they give are shit, I'd gladly take a shitty new build every 2 years for $100, as long as there's a 2 year difference in terms of the tech.
They're noticeable @ 1080 on a decently large screen, but the aliasing isn't bad. Frankly no AA looks better than the other compromises you can make to get your frame rate up. It's a nice to have that often isn't worth the performance hit.
About to drop $ on a 970 over a 980.Have I made the right choice, or is it better to spend the extra $200 on a 980?Been researching both cars and the 970's 3.5gb+.5gb VRAM seems to only be effected when going over 1080p, which i dont plan on doing.Thanks anons.
Behold the glory!8800GT
My 7970 direct cu ii under performs like crazy, only manages to get 45 fps on GTA 5 with high settings.Updated drivers etc but still have shitty performance. Im using an i5-2500k at 4ghz so i wouldn't have thought that's bottle necking a lot, any suggestions to why is lacking so hard?
A safety or straight razorA good electric guitar or other electronic musical instrumentsShamwows
the 2500k, get a third gen intel and youll get 70-90 fps, and some nice 1600 Wam, it helps too.
I still have mine around somewhere, alongside a GTX 260 and 460.Though I'm currently using a 660, would love to upgrade to a 900-series sometime.
Lel, intel shills never rest, do they?
hahaahahhah classic GTX 480 things :D :DI remember when those videos started surfacing on the internet, but they where sooo fast for the time.
The 970 will fall behind in the next couple of years and the 980 won't.
Yes, cause buying a discounted, outdaded, second-hand Intel CPU is the target of shills.
The 970 is not a card worth buying. At that price point, the 290X is better. It's not even close, there's a 10% difference between the two cards, for the same price.
nice try shill
For some reason all the Nvidia cards I have bought have burned out, while the AMD/Radeons have really gone through a lot of shit while still working perfectly the next day. For reference:Nvidia: Geforce 7600Geforce GTX 260Geforce GTX 460These 3 fuckers got roasted for some reason on a gaymen session.Radeon/AMD:HD2600Pro HD6670HD7790, this is the one I'm running right now, kind of underpowered for today gaymen, but I really like it, got it real cheap and it has completed its purpose so far.
the 2500k would work, but that's too shitty an overclock
Do you buy all your NVidia cards from the same manufacturer?
Someone who doesn't want to get stuck with the middle generation of a socket would get a Xeon E3-1241v3 instead. Last LGA1156, might as well get something that'll last a long time.It's basically an i7 with no iGPU at the cost of an i5.
future-proof techgraphic cardsIt hasn't even survived the 10,000 year test.
Oh, man. I use my 9800GT as a cupholder, now. Came home to the GPU at 91°C, and found out the fan was dead. Don't miss it at all now that I have my 980.
AMD said themselves that the new stuff can do 12.0. Only Maxwell is 12.1-compatible right now
It's not 12.0 or 12.1, it's feature level 12_0 or 12_1, it's still DX 12 You have no idea of what you're talking aboutAlso, Nvidia only does Tier 2 Resource Binding, AMD does Tier 3
in the future, more cores the better.Are we already in that future?
"unlimited internet access $19.95 per month"Gone were the days of affordable internet.
why
what am I looking at?
Because it's Dell. Dell is shit. It's designed by monkeys. Want a good design, get a fucking MBA/MBP.However, if you don't give a fuck about design or build quality and only care about price, it's a good machine.
Why notYou should get a thinkpad btwThose dell workstations are nice-looking but I read on /g/ that the keyboard and trackpoint suck
Thinkpads and Macbook Pros are the only laptops I will ever buy again.  Everything else has just been fifty shades of dog shit.
good designMBA/MBPayyyyy
Gave me a good kek
Lonovo is just as bad, had a friend had his laptop break down several times.
Lenovo's quality build = Thinkpad's quality build
Want a good design, get a fucking MBA/MBP.Well meme'd.
Because a the lid is made of magnesium which is a metal and can interfere with the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth signals and so b there's a plastic strip there to allow the respective antennas to work as designed.
My fucking sides. Why do people insist on this metal enclosure meme? It looks so fucking bad on iPhones/Galaxy S6 when they have to put these plastic strips everywhere. What's wrong with plastic like on the S3?
thinkpads are garbage toomy w520 has been the computer equivalent of a garage queen and it's still falling to fucking pieces and won't even hold a charge while my 20 year old IBM models are still going strong and will run for an hour unplugged
"muh premium feel"I personally like the weight of metal but I still think it's a retarded meme, you can still make some pretty good looking shit using plastic that will probably be a stronger/better choice for mobile devices anyway.
if you don't give a fuck about design or build qualityFuck, it's like you've never seen the Dell Precision Mobile series.Aluminum-magnesium alloy chassis that's MIL-STD-810G tested.The thing weighs 8 lb, but what did you expect from a 17" computer that fits 4 storage devices and manages to be completely modular?
he doesn't know the difference between consumer and enterprise dell productsDell's Precision laptops are some of the best around.  Even the ones released 3 or 4 years ago are still quite powerful, and can be found on ebay for less than $300.
that design just looks cheap to me, I'd probably still buy one though if I get another laptop
It's quite minimalist, because the point was never to be fancy or gaudy. The point was to be productive.Hence the ridiculous number of ports on the thing. On the latest version:VGA port4 USB 3.0 portsRJ-45 portDisplayPort porteSATA / USB 2.0 portHDMI port9-in-1 media card readerSmartCard reader54mm ExpressCard slot
Cheap?  Looks utilitarian and elegant to me.  A perfect board room look.  And why put so much emphasis on looks anyway?  These computers are about cramming as much power as possible without becoming too ridiculously expensive.  The newest Precision supports a  i7-4910MQ, and otherwise outspecs the highest configuration for the current Macbook Pro.
Does it support a dock?
breddy good, as I said, a mobile precision would undoubtedly be my next upgrade, I'm tired of lenovo shitboxesAnd why put so much emphasis on looks anyway?is it so much to wish that manufacturers would put some kind of effort into their product like they used to? you don't have to compromise features to fix a garbage two-tone color scheme or shitty "metallic" plastics, or establish a unique, thoughtful design that stands out from the competitionmind you, I wouldn't really give as much of a shit since I need it to do a job just as much as look nice while it does it, obviously the former will take precedence, but I'm still tired of /g/ thinking design is some black-and white affair that only allows you to have a piece of shit Mac with one port and an exorbitant price tag or a dumpster special memepadyou can see a dock port on one of the screenshots that anon posted further up
falling to fucking piecesPerhaps stop dropping it.It's designed to withstand drops and crumble off insignificant parts of the bezel in order to allow the internals to survive.If it's falling to pieces, that just means you've been throwing it on the floor like a monkey.t. W530 ownerI only ever had the bezel replaced once, because I only ever dropped it on concrete once.
never dropped it once, anytime I took it outside it would spend most of its time in a laptop bag. it's just a low quality piece of shit like everything else Lenovo has made since the 6X series came to an end.I've seen even 4X thinkpads go through much greater hell and emerge without a scratch, it's pretty pathetic.
You're obviously doing something special like operating it in a fucking blast zone. Laptops that take shrapnel I've had my W530 forced to the floor from high tables onto carpet at least seven times by retardo friends and coworkers that don't look where they're going. Keyboard, battery, and DVD drive tend to fly out but no real damage, everything plugs right back in.I don't even have damage to the fan grille and no missing keys. Got a bunch of stripped screws from changing parts and the bezel though.
most likely frame support for the screen/webcam
Laptops that take shrapnel are made by Panasonic. Go get one of those instead.
I think the cosmetic defects came mostly from overheating due to shitty thermal paste and small shit in the bag I carried it in.The same shit you described happens to my X200 more often than I'd like, nothing like some nigger knocking your memepad off a table and all you have to do is smack it on the desk to re-align the fan and get back to work without giving a fuck. Don't think the same thing would happen with my 520 though.
I believe thats where the antennas are located. Thats why that piece is made out of plastic.
It'd true, I've been using a T410 for quite a while now, but lately I've started using my old T41 again. I've been carrying this thing with me for 6 years and I bought it used and it still looks a lot better than my 2010 T410, that I've been using for two years.
are thinkpads even powerful?  It seems like their specs are just alright
Lke the Zenfone 2 ?
What, does that piece trigger your autism or something?
, 
Cook has pledged that Apple's future won't be as white and male as it has been in the company's past. The CEO sat down with Mashable in advance of the WWDC keynote to say that diversity is the "future of our company." It's not just hand-wringing that has prompted his attitude, since he believes that "the most diverse group will produce the best product." The executive has added that the tech community needs to work a lot harder to show women that the industry is "cool" and "how much fun it can be."
Political correctness at its finest. God how I hate it. Hire whoever is best suited for the fucking job.
Applewhite cis CEOwants more diversity becauseMicrosoftcurrynigger minority as CEOSJWs don't care
I, too, love sexism and racism.
Why not just pick the best person for the job regardless of his skin colour or sex?
tim cook blowing neckbeards the fuck outpopcorn.avi
Not a single black person in the photo.Nice going Tim
so, does this mean the "white males" who remain after "diversification" are going to be overworked--since they're the ones who will have to pick up the slack?
Good. The end of the white race is coming. Your women are going black and your men are going gay. The rest of us need to prepare for the future.
where's that faggot from yesterday that said he'd rather use macs because apple is a white-operated company?
cuz das raycist
Because that would mean an overwhelming white male workforce because white males are the only ones who actually work.
It's not just hand-wringing that has prompted his attitude, since he believes that "the most diverse group will produce the best product."how convenient that society's current moral imperative just so happens to align with society's current theories on productivity.funny how it always seems to work out that wayin every societyfor the last ten thousand years

diversityDoes that mean they will employ also black and white workslaves at Foxconn?
There is one literally standing next to him. Are you blind?
Applecissy faggot CEOwants more faggots in his companyMicrosoftbased nutella CEOSJWs hate him for his stance on women and asking for a raise
sunny nutella best ceo
In 20 years, nobody will remember Apple. Let a meme company have meme hiring policies, it's their problem.
This. A tech company can only be as good as it's workforce. They are shooting themselves in the foot by hiring less qualified personnel because of social "justice".
I'm sorry Mr. White Computer Expert. We can't hire you right now because that would increase the percent of white males in our workforce.Please come back when you've had a sex change.
Good goyim. White means evil. Just because they blow the fuck out everyone else in terms of actual productivity doesn't mean they're better!
because it can't possibly be the case that minorities are just as qualified, but systemically excluded - or that minorities who would become just as qualified are subjected to systemic pressure not to be.there's /obviously/ some part of the brain that allows for people to sit down at a terminal and press buttons repetitively, or decide a particular pattern of buttons to press.
diversityeven their nigger is white.
You misunderstand. Of course a minority might have the same qualifications to do a certain job, but hiring someone just because they are a minority is racism/sexism in itself.
Not women, then.
wonder how much pussy this guy gets
s/pussy/ass/
I love diversity. Allahu Akbar my friends.
the tech community needs to work a lot harder to show women that the industry is "cool" and "how much fun it can be."yeah, who doesn't want to be a poorly paid codemonkey and slave over shitty code for countless hours while your supervisor yells at you for not having fixed everyone's shit last week
works at applelpussyI don't think pussy is what he aims for...
there's /obviously/ some part of the brain that allows for people to sit down at a terminal and press buttons repetitively, or decide a particular pattern of buttons to press.Actually there is, aspies tend to be programmers.
Nobody at Apple is poorly paid. Overworked maybe, definitely not poorly paid
Don't they have millions of chinks working for them?
Who cares, he's probably smarter than anyone who has ever visited this board in its entire history
Is there an actual law in the US that forces big companies to hire a minimum percentage of women? Or are companies suddenly adapting to the new SJW status quo? I'm european and I know for certain that there's a pretty big IT company in my area whose CEO is firmly against hiring women, and it's perfectly within the law. Only politicians have minimum women requirements I think.
Most tech jobs are not at Apple.
I'm EuropeanEurope isn't a country. Here in the Netherlands it is against the law to discriminate without a justification. Equal cases must be treated equally. And political parties can actually exclude women and one does but then they lose their government funding.
Good thing this thread is about Apple and not most tech jobs
There isn't anything specifically requiring a quota that I know of, but there are equal employment opportunity laws that require you to give everyone a fair shake regardless of their gender, sexuality, race, or religion.Some companies have quotas to make it appear that they are fulfilling this law to protect themselves from lawsuits from applicants who don't get the job.Others do it for publicity, like Apple.
Let me repost that quote for you, so that you have a better understanding of the context.the tech community needs to work a lot harder to show women that the industry is "cool" and "how much fun it can be."Unless you read "the tech community" to mean "exclusively Apple", you are incorrect.
Yeah, nah.
smarter than anyone who has ever visited this boardThat would be Stallman
I'm preparing for a technical interview at a large US company at the moment, and the hoops these guys have to jump through are nuts.
because it can't possibly be the case that minorities are just as qualified, but systemically excludedI am fucking sick of this victim complex and conspiracy theories of "a man keeping you down". I don't see anybody complaining that NBA and sprint is heavily dominated by blacks, nobody is calling for more diversity there. Everybody just recognizes, that blacks are better genetically equipped for these disciplines.But god forbid to to recognize that whites have better cognitive abilities than blacks and are therefore better suited for intellectual work.
Oh I believe it, just saying this board isn't full of morons as much as we like to spout memes and call each other niggers. I'd go so far as to say that 4chan is one of the more gifted corners of the internet.
I have an iphone and I like it, but Jesus if I had any Apple stock I'd be selling it. They clearly have no idea what to do now, they haven't produced anything innovative in years and this sort of stunt shows how desperate they are getting
But god forbid to to recognize that whites have better cognitive abilities than blacks and are therefore better suited for intellectual work.Well, this really flies in the face of many equality minded laws and rights afforded to blacks.
I am fucking sick of this fucking victim complexus whites are totally persecuted in tech btw, fucking leftists holding us down
Well RIP AppleI wonder what a decade of incompetence will do to their consumer base.
They just sold more watches in one day than all Android watches combined forever, a month or so ago. Taking investment advice from /g/
I don't think he said or even implied that whites are persecuted in tech.I know you feel uneasy when your strongly held beliefs are questioned blacks=whites in all aspects and disciplines, but there's no need to make things up.
eh, I have conversed with a few bright honest might be a better word people on /g/ about transistor topography and some things on compression techniques. Though for the most part I would say that the people on this board and many others suffer from the Dunning Kruger effect.
since he believes that "the most diverse group will produce the best product."What is the evidence for that?
I bought Apple stock about a year ago and I'm up ~22%If you don't have any actual skin in the game, your opinion is just the braying of a jackass with no insight.
There's nothing innovative about the watch though, they are coasting on the cool and premium image that's a legacy of the actual innovative igadgets they introduced. They'll need to keep innovating if they want to keep that image though, and I don't see how they're going to do that
But god forbid to to recognize that whites have better cognitive abilities than blacks and are therefore better suited for intellectual work.This is retarded, socioeconomic and educational issues mostly explain racial disparities in fields like programming. /pol/ tier theorising about biologically predetermined mental capacity just makes you look really stupid, which is ironic considering you're talking about limited mental capacity of others
it's the kneejerk reaction to the realization that groupthink is bad. There's no evidence that diversity in itself produces the best products there's little evidence genuinely supporting most business decisions, hence the risky nature of business, but there is good evidence that homogenous groups are not very good.
Nice strawman you cunt.All I ever said was that everybody gets what they deserve.If you were worth it, companies would hire you. But alas, you spend time bitching about "systemic oppression of minorities" instead of improving yourself.
So are you saying that Apple doesn't satisfy your autistic innovation cred, or that AAPL is a bad stock investment? They're not the same thing, and you seem to have conflated them.
I think there are some business studies that show some benefit, but I don't think there are any studies that show this is true for technology companies.

I should have said "be thinking about selling it at some point", because they're very profitable and likely to be that way for the near future, but I don't see that profitability lasting terrible long when they become just another gadget maker.Thank you for your spergout though, I need to learn to be more precise with my language.
Right, I've had discussions about video compression which were mostly way over my head. Those were probably 1% of posts I've ever seen here though, most are total garbage. I'd say this board is probably above average, but there's a lot of insufferable shitposts dragging that down.

socioeconomic and educational issues mostly explain racial disparities in fields like programmingOpinions.And btw I am not even American. I am a white guy from eastern Europe and my above average IT salary is like half of what your niggers get from welfare and everything I learned about IT and programming is self -taught.So shut the fuck up about socioeconomic and educational issues.
Wow! They even included Steve Jobs in their photo!
Assuming that's because of less mental capability is lazy and not supported by any kind of biological evidence other than pseudo-scientific evolutionary biology hand-wavingGlad to hear it, but your anecdote is completely irrelevant. You have a sample size of one yourself. You can't make any generalisations about that.
black score on average a whole standard deviation lower on IQ testsblack kids adopted by rich parents do on par with poor whites on test scoreseven when you account for economic status still many times more likely to commit violent crimeNah we're all perfectly 100% equal in every way, except it's somehow my fault blacks don't do as well, even though all of the other minorities are doing much better.
Take it to /pol/, I've already stated my opinion on this and I'm not going to be responsible for this thread degenerating into a skinhead stormfront circlejerk
Is there any better widely distributed standardized test that could better measure intelligence while controlling for income?Equal income would mean equal access to educational opportunities someone who makes over 200k a year would be able to afford a tutor.
whites and especially men are more interested in tech on averagehurr we need more shitskins and women who don't care about tech becuz MUH DIVERSITYI'm looking forward to falling profits and stagnating R&D.TOPKEKOPKEK
this isn't about precision, this was akin to aiming a firehose in one direction and called it sufficient.I'm not saying you need to have perfect word choice; just don't have word choice that means something completely different than what you intended.
I have no idea, but I'm sure it warrants further study by a developmental psychologist.
I don't think any such research is likely, I'm pretty sure even conducting any research along those lines would be grounds for ostracization and defamation in the field and social circles.
anecdoteTop fucking kek. Apparently I am the only programmer in eastern Europe, apparently we don't have a history full of brilliant mathematicians, scientists and programmers.Apparently a bunch of Polacks did not just release a gigantic and well polished game Witcher 3, theres another anecdote for you.Now it's your turn - show me at least ONE respectable piece of software written by a team full of blacks.
I will not be swayed by evidence or logical reasoningmuh /pol/ boogeyman
The fact is other minorities like Asians, Indians and Jews are doing well and don't need white people making excuses for them. People like you are enabling the victim complex of blacks and their crab mentality that drags down anyone that tries to do something with their lives.
I'm sure if you phrased it along the lines of "Why do African American students have worse educational outcomes?" rather than some 18th century-style exploration of why certain races are inferior, it wouldn't be considered offensive. I'd be surprised if there isn't research being done in this area right now.
Not even black, jesus christ calm downOk great
It is triggering of you to bring up The Witcher 3, that game is very problematic in that it does not contain any PoC. How dare persons of Polish ancestry show only white characters in a series written by a Pole and set in a fictional universe! This is demeaning and must be rectified through repeated apologies and concessions, none of which will be accepted.
I wouldn't be so sure, conducting some research legitimizes the idea that there is something besides existing infrastructure and culture holding black student back, which is usually stated as the common cause for this phenomenon.
Not even blackNo, of course you're not
typical liberal faggotmuh excusesliteral cancer
It is mostly modern black culture, in America at least. Gangsters, athletes and rappers are the role models of choice; anything actually productive is sneered at. A friend of mine grew up in poverty in an East Bay ghetto. He got into university through academic and athletic scholarships, learned German, learned software engineering, traveled the world and finally returned home where he works full time and volunteers at several organizations that help children. When he goes back to his home street he gets laughed at and mocked; they call him a sellout. Even though he knows he is doing well it still bothers him that he is shamed for being a boon to society while a guy fresh out of prison gets lauded.
I am getting btfo in logical debate, let's pull out the /pol/ card and attack their tonality
Merit is discrimination, you are protecting privilege
his skin colour or sexhis skinhisforty keks
Well, that is a solid piece of anecdotal evidence if I've ever heard one, though it is a common story I hear whenever a successful black person talks about their background.Controlling for culture may be especially difficult in any potential study.
Pointless to respond, if I argue back I'm a 'liberal apologist faggot', if I don't argue back, I've run out of arguments and you're right by default. The only winning move is not to play
blacks value thuggery instead of intellectwho knew?
trips speak the truth
Ok greatBest counterargument I've ever seen.
none of your arguments worked in the first place and yes, you're still a faggot. I can tell by how easily you give up
this butthurt over a fruit company
good post you really nailed his ass to the wall m8
The only winning move for you is to admit that you are wrong and stop spreading bullshit liberal propaganda.Your bullshit arguments were refuted, you kept at it and started pulling out ad hominems and strawmans and thats why you get called liberal apologist faggot.
same fagand thanks
You're argument was literally "you're gay", don't act surprised if people make fun of you.
spends an entire post talking about the differences between men and women gets butthurt if a commenter mentions that there are differences between men and  women I guess a feminist refuses to accept the truth even when exposed to it enough to bitch about it online.
People like you piss me the fuck off and are the reason why the country is heading in this direction. Once someone challenges your rainbow and lolipop view of the world you start deflecting. Now people are afraid to even give their honest opinion on shit in society out of fear of being shunned thanks to the pc police. Fuck that shit, sites like this are some of the last real open forums when it comes to discussion like this.
my argumentliterally the first thing I said:none of your arguments worked in the first place and yesNice cherry-picking though
There's no cherry picking there m8, relax.
That is the dumbest shit to ever be done.A few years back, chemistry departments in unis decided to attract more females into the course so the guys that really wanted the position were told no bc the females were given priority. A year later, 80% of the female students switched over to an art course and this meant all the unis lost a lot of money. What the fuck are they doing. This has nothing to do with male and female superiority. Its just a fact males are more attracted computing than females
Yes there was, don't be stupid.
But there wasn't."you're wrong and gay!"get made fun of for presenting this as an argument"stop cherry picking!"Really great argument there m8, try to make sense next time though
he doesn't realize stallman is actually an inside joke
arguments don't workone gives upanother ones posts stupid commentaryThen you post, "argument was gay". No, my argument was that his arguments were wrong, which is why he gave up, and why I called him gay. You're clearly cherry picking by saying my argument was "you're wrong and gay" when it is that his argument rebutted by other anons wasn't countered. Anyways, either you're trolling or genuinely retarded.
You literally tried to pass off "you're wrong and gay" as an argument. I don't know why you're upset today some guy laughed at you.
Pretty sure my argument was that he hadn't countered any of the arguments that opposed his which were perfectly rational. This means he's wrong. Again, cherry picking but nice job! At least you're being persistent.
there is literally nothing wrong with being diverse
I'm not sure you know what that fallacy means is if you think someone laughing at you is "cherry picking".
presented to a rapturous audience of some 5,000 developers who have paid $1,599 for the privilege of having a front row seat to hear the company’s latest program and system developments.5,000 good goys paid 5k shy of $8 million to hear the specs on the next iPhone
You realise there's a whole week of educational sessions and one-on-one labs to attend, and parties every night at different tech company HQs? Whats that, you have no fucking clue what you're talking about?
I don't even know what you're talkign about now. Top kek. Are you trying to deny that the anon was only picking out the part where I called him a faggot and not the first part, which is my actual argument?Here You sound mad. Did you pay for it?
Paid 2012 and 13, no regrets, great time and tax write-off
I'm glad you had fun!
what goodies did you get?'14 was an Xbox One and '15 was some HP hybrid laptop
The first part wasn't an argument, you just said he was wrong and then called him gay. Those aren't arguments, they're just angry opinions at best. You're getting defensive over nothing.
Tell me why the first part isn't an argument because it is. I've already explained why. I'm defensive because you've literally said nothing of meaning beyond a meme of ignorance. You don't even know how to argue in a conductive way because you're bent in non-understanding, which is fine. The weak won't understand the strong and vice-versa. *Tips fedora*
Calling someone wrong and gay isn't an argument, it's literally an opinion. "Here's why I disagre: etc." is an argument.a meme of ignoranceActually laughed out loud, thank you. Be less passive-aggressive though.
Oy vey. Please no sexual humor, women cannot handle it in their sensitive state. Us white guys know what is best for them. I can't believe there isn't even a trigger warning. Women and children, get back to the caves, we will fight this battle for you.
top cuck
If you had to get brain surgery would you want a white dude who knows whats he is doing or some black I DONT NEED NO MAN LATEESHUH who dropped out of daycare doing it, because she is "ethnic and diverse!"?
calibrate your monitor, mane
skin tone and hormone levels determine gay-led company's fate.
Do I?
hacked firmware probably
It is literally screaming fake. Most that will happen is that it will hold up to 16GB and then corrupt all the data. Don't learn it the hard way
the "2TB" imprint looks photoshopped
Beppity boppy.Fallo solo se ne hai bisogno ed è una USB 3.0 e se hai le porte adatte
Obviously you don't.
What have you done to get that theme on your status bar? Is/was that stock Android before?
Col cazzo.
Unless that thing came straight from HP's labs, I would assume fake.
Tarocco.
If its too good to be true...
There is xposed app to automatically match status bar color to current app background color.
BadUSB
yop yop
this triggers the linux autist
What doesn't?
6000 windows 10 threads
freetards BTFO
mfw freedom triggers the windows gaymur

And anyone who doesn't like the direction Microsoft is going, which is a lot of Windows users.
winshill thread #938
what about it ?and its probably a stupid fucking question but can someone explain windows version numbering system to me ?95,98,2000,xp,vista,7,8,10 ME somewhere in there if they're numbering them where's widows 9?
/reddit/
and you enter them every single time.
why would this trigger linux users? they aren't affected, since they're not using windows.this is more likely going to trigger the win7-shills.
Why should it trigger meIts proprietary shit and a botnetNot my problem faggotYou are retarded
what trigger me is this Why the fuck do we have thousands of threads talking about it ?
It was the same when Yosemite came out, it's a tech board. People talking about a significant OS update is normal.
global 6 - quality of posts
yeah, but not in this case. Having a thread talking about it is normal, but having a various threads at the same time talking about the same thing is just stupid. And a lot of windows 10 threads were just fanboys saying linux btfo or windows 10 is superior OS
spot the autism...
Having a thread talking about it is normal, but having a various threads at the same time talking about the same thing is just stupid.It's only stupid if it's windows!yeah, because it's perfectly normal to shit up /g/ with bullshit distro/browser wars, and video player threads. don't we have more than 1 "hurr durr firefox hello/pocket" threads popping up after the firefox updates?
This happens literally every time there's a significant update for any software, whether it's MPV mpc btfo!, OSX, windows, the Linux kernel, etc.
and what exactly do you do with your linux os except for browsing? not really anything left you can do without windows software
not really anything left you can do without windows software2015people still believe this
Was this ahead of its time?
It worked and sold great, it was just on time.
posts the orange gun instead of the original grey one
that fucking dog!
how does it even work?
When you pull the trigger the who screen turns black aside from a white box around whatever you were pointing at. If the gun sees light it assumes you were aiming correctly and registers a point. If there are multiple targets the screen flashes black multiple times.
Was this ahead of its time?No. The first light guns appeared in the 1930s, following the development of light-sensing vacuum tubes. 
/v/
he's talking about the technology not the game itself faggot
To answer OP's question no it wasn't light guns existed for a while. The magnavox odyssey one of the first video game consoles had a crude lightgun game.
No because you had to press the gun against the TV yo actually hit anything.
sucking at duckhunt
/vr/
You had a shitty one, then.
That's smart as shitWould you get the point if you pointed it at blank white paper?
Oh wait, light not whiteWhat if you pointed it at a random monitor with a white image?
I don't know. I do know you could point the gun at a light bulb and it would register every time assuming the gun was working.
nothing, but if you pointed it at a lightbulb it would detect as a hit all the time
Wouldn't work.The screen flashed black for a frame, the gun checked if it was pointing at light. Then it displayed the white box on the target. If there was no difference between inputs it'd set it as a miss.
Ahhh The good old days when I could play a video game for 15 minutes and put it away for the rest of the day.
It just checked for light
Well it only works on CRTs, as they refresh line by line, which is how it tells where you shot and which duck you shot out of the two
 goes through line by line gets to duck A checks for light gets to duck B checks for light light found hit duck BMy sister and I used to just shoot it at the ceiling light
man...why games aren't like that?fucking sjws ruined game industry
Was this ahead of its time?If by 'it' you mean the Famicom/NES itself, then no, it was actually behind its time.Nintendo decided to use less powerful processors in order to keep the price lower.
You need to grow up and realize that all the game companies are hiring psychologists/sociologists and brain imaging specialists to make their games as addictive as possible. This isn't /x/ material but written about in dozens of mainstream news articles with job offers posted on their own sites.It's why "achievements" and "gamer scores" are so prevalent on every gaming platform now. Why the xbone will be able to read your heart rate and track your eye movements. All they are interested in is making sure that you're hooked to their games on their platform. They don't care if you pirate, they'd rather you pirate their software than the competitor's.This is a business that is bigger than hollywood and growing every year. What is best for the consumer is irrelevant to them.
kekit was just a joke faggot
there are plenty of games like that. they weren't ebin visceral enough for you, so you ignored them, and now you're raging against the SJWs who hate the current industry just as much as you do because it lets you tell yourself it isn't your fault for buying into the past decade of muh gritty dadsims on botnet pay-to-play-the-game-you-bought platforms.
Same processor as the TRS-80 from the 70s. Weak shit
I dont think anyone really cares. I think he is talking about the cleverness of the light gun gimmick, which was actually a feature on the Odyessy console.
yfw you want to put Linux on NES hardware
You have no face, no meme arrows, or a possible idea.
Linux wouldn't run on it natively, linux requires a 32bit CPU at least and the NES uses a 6502 derivative which is 8bit. It would have to run in an emulator and the speed would be absolutely horrific. Possible but impractical as all hell.Here's an 8bit AVR microcontroller running 32bit ARM linux in an emulator.a link to the project in the description
The NES also only has 2k of memory.
No, it was quite appropriate for its time.
guy had 16k of ram on a 24mz machine the nes is only 1.1 and this guy could barely do it.

nope, it's even older than mice and keyboards as a direct input method to computerspic related
A modified MOS6502 processor.  8bit data, 16 bit address.Probably the other reason the 6502 was chosen was it was a well known processor and thus an easier one to code for.
Nintendo is always ahead
nope.the oddyssey used a gun to shoot white squares years before anybody else thought of it
Okay but what about the SNES?
SNES uses a derivative of the 65816.would probably be faster than the AVR from above although you'd still need an emulator to make it work. Not sure how much faster it would be.
Really? Cause it doesn't seem to work. Games seem less engaging imo. Like I want to play games but they aren't keeping me hooked.
, 
An unprecedented event causes the entire internet to only be accessible via cURL or other similar low-level clientsAbstracting cURL with any form of GUI is now impossible, due to the unspecified eventIn what ways has the internet just improved?
An event like that is impossible.
no more rare pepes or image macros
Just us Christian Minglers now.
missing the point
Why must I concern myself with something that will not ever happen?
You could still cURL this shit
we will adapt
The new golden era of message boards
What if we lived in a world with no hypothetical questions?
man is reduced to never having discovered fire
Does this unprecedented event involve a sun made of fire crashing into a sun made of ice?
Google figures out how to run javascript remotely in chatrooms
sure, why the fuck not
rare
fake my useragent to curl and move on with my life
 OP's orifices are now filled with quick setting concrete in what ways has the internet just improved
PHP dies.
also
I want this script.
SUDDENLY PEOPLE EVERYWHERE BELIEVES 2+2 is 5this is how retarded you sound
Create server which exposes a file, måske it ll imited to only download with cURL. Client interprets answer from server e.g. a browser
in no way its been set back about 30 or so years actually
I'd spontaneously say, improved in like thousand different ways.inb4, stupid hypothetical question.
Faggots
Me too
I imagine that more consideration would go in to what information we choose to transmit, so it would stand to reason that there would be much less content but it would be more meaniningful.ie. No retards shitting up threads because they don't understand hypothetical questions.
Nothing would change. All the major browser projects would just adopt curl as a part of their backend.
i take it you missed theAbstracting cURL with any form of GUI is now impossible, due to the unspecified eventpartinb4 but that's not even possible!no shit, that's beside the point
by the "whole internet" do you mean the "whole web"?
Eh, I still use telnet BBS. It'd be nice if everything was the same as that.
the internet has not improved, except for autists who don't like that the sekret club they were never a part of is now sekret again.Virtually everyone on this board who pines for the good old days was in some pre-sperm state during those good old days. Anyone who was actually alive and using the internet at that time could tell you that the internet is better today than it was then.Next you fucking retards will get nostalgic about PATA.
It would improve a lot, we would no longer rely on websites stuffed with a fuck ton of fancy bullshit like animations and JavaScript. Plain text in its fullest glory.
In no way has the internet improved.In fact, it has completely regressed back into the 1980s because such an event would mean that the only thing that could be transferred between computers is plaintext.Since "abstracting from cURL" is impossible, that means that the data from cURL would have to be spit out at the monitor and then immediately trashed from memory. This means that you can't decrypt data received over the internet. Pretty much makes the internet useless except for the 1% that would use it for insecure communications across continents.Either way, an event like that is impossible mostly because not even magic would make a series of electrical pulses unable to occur.
Less tumblrinas
Since "abstracting from cURL" is impossible, that means that the data from cURL would have to be spit out at the monitor and then immediately trashed from memory.Do you even unix pipes.This means that you can't decrypt data received over the internet.cURL and wget speak retard.
 what is every way possible
In no way has the internet improved.No more fagbook, tinkler and less incentive to use web2.0 crap since normal browsers become almost useless.
unix pipesUsed as a form of abstraction. Stick a pipe up your butt.you have OpenSSL.I hope you feel safe, I really do.
Sup /g/, with my finals coming in 2 weeks I need to buy a new calculator since the one I have can do graphics and is programmable. What would you suggest me? Is pic related ok?
Texas Insturments TI-30X Pro master race
HP39GIIDon't know if it's any good but it's the best looking calculator I've ever seen
The problem is that I can't bring graphical and/or programmable calculatorsAnyway, bought X Mark at last, I simply love that design
Ah, sorry I misread that as you needed one that could do graphics
Looks like a rebranded FX911ES Plus.Get the top of the line Casio FX-991EXIt looks like Canon/HP rebrand Casio scientific calcs anyway.
I use a HP-32sII. RPN master race and it's got me through plenty of exams. 20 years old and still going strong.
/thread
fx-991ES or Ti-36XBoth are equally good.
Sharp PC-1600
Ti-89
Overkill
OP said not programmable.
If you need just a scientific calculator, TI 36-X Pro is one of the best I've ever used
I hate that sort of shit. If they're so paranoid about what materials I use for the test, they should provide them.
TI-30XaIt's cheap 10 bucks. It's not programmable. It has no advanced graphics. It has built-in support for statistics.
lol you are allowed to use a calculator on an exam? what beta country are you from?
apple ruined everything.
, 
Getting a new phone tomorrow, which would you recommend out of these two /g/?
HTC
I think the Nexus 6 is the better phone, but it's fuckhuge.Go to some carrier store don't actually buy the phone from there, obviously and see how the N6 feels in your hand. If it feels excessively strange and uncomfortable, go with the S6.
Sure buy whatever you want, friend.
Why HTC?
neither. Vote with your wallet and tell Google what a fucking idiotic decision it was to release a phablet Nexus
Thanks, will be doing that first and foremost before getting either.
Sony Z3+
Have you considered the S6 active?
Getting a new phone tomorrow, which would you recommend out of these two /g/?S6 sucks huge list of issues.Nexus 6 is huge and feels like shit in hand.HTC M9 has a horrible camera.all of these phones are basically overpriced and shit.
Why aren't there any smart flip phones in the US? i heard about the samsung galaxy golden and pretty much think its the perfect style of phone.
Having huge farmer hands means that the Nexus 6 is just the right size.
That's supposed to come out later this year though. My current device is a S4 Active, so I have definitely considered it for a future device.
Z3+
Zenfone 2
Here's the collected wisdom of /g/ from 100s of other threads we've had on Samsung Galaxy S6.Save it, spread it, post it to S6 threads!Smeary glass not aluminum backFlat back, terrible ergonomicsKnockoff factor: everyone knows it's just an iPhone 6 ripofftouchjizz... looks like iOS, not AndroidEdge gimmick increases cost for no useful functional advantage2K screen results in crap game fps compared to othersamloled screen has severe burn in issues, yellows after a year, and causes motion blur way more than LCD2K screen saps batteryBattery life isn't good enoughBattery is non removableFast-charge battery means it will die quicker.... and when your battery dies within a year from all that fast charging, you can't replace it and need to get a new phoneNo microSD card slot... while more storage costs an extra fortuneIt will shatter when dropped. class="quote"over $200 in damage from a single drop!bends & breaks more easily than even iPhone 6+ class="quote"Expensive and looks like iPhone 6 yet it can't even send blue text!Samsung has horrible customer service: class="quote"... and they will flat-out refuse service if you root the phone*gasp*Front camera not good enough in low lightBack camera protrudes by a lot & more prone to scratches due to protrusion and no sapphirePhysical home button wears down after a yearWeaker GPS signal than competitionNo double tap to wakeYou can't ok google from anywhereEdge screen distorts images and suffers from color shiftingEdge uncomfortable as a result of sharp cornersWildly inaccurate colorsBezels larger than previous phones and competitionHard to rootWhile touchjizz makes rooting and a custom rom a mustToo big to comfortably type one handedMany people are reporting scratched screens and dead pixelsUSB downgraded from 3 to 2Branded by Samsung on the front and back making the design tacky
Z3+
am I the only one who's fucking annoyed by the fact the names aren't on the good phone!?!And Im sony Z3+
how the fuck do you know what will happen in 1 year
Galaxy S6. Unfortunately the Nexus 6 is too big and the specs/camera just aren't as good overall. Only reason you would get it over the S6 is because you really like stock Android. Or maybe you found some kind of special deal where you can get it for really cheap
Oh I thought It was coming soon since AT&T already hinted it
I'm hearing resolutely the Z3+, is this just a /g/ meme or is it really a good phone?
Am I going insane? That's a nexus 5 and an S5, right?
zenfone 2
Literally got the s6 a week ago and I love it
how the fuck do you know what will happen in 1 yearprevious phones. similar displays. you don't think they can somehow change the laws of physics or something? AMOLED's properties are well known. Organic molecules that make up its colors degrade.Samsung is the worst and they're the king of planned obsolescence.- 'fast charge' batteries that degrade by half in a year- OLED/AMOLED screens that lose half their brightness in a year- firmwares that are never updated after a year
Can you stop spreading misinformation?
Yes, and yes.
[citation needed]stop posting this butthurt reply in every thread dear animu manchild
So it is. But I meant to have the thread image portray the Galaxy S6 and the Nexus 6. My apologies.
If you take pictures on your phone the S6 wins hands down. The N6 camera is meh compared to the S6.
That's what most of the reviews say. But since I have a Galaxy S4 Active currently with an 8 MP camera and I find the image quality decent for what I use it for, I somehow doubt the 13 MP camera on the Nexus would bother me at all.
You will get updates with the Nexus 6.
So, thinking about this, your guy's thoughts?
Z2Get Z3+ or nothing
stop posting this butthurt reply in every thread dear animu manchildimplying I'm the only one. I only recently saved it.fucking butthurt samshills!ps: bitching about anime on an anime board... kek'd!
That's out of the budget.
It would be a genuinely useful list if someone cut out the silly/nitpicking issues. ATM it's just tl;dr shill posting.
Nobody hates samsung as much as you do.
The Nexus 6 is great if you have big hands. I have big hands. The only downfall to this is when I am jerking it on Omegle and a girl comes on, they think my dick is small because of how big my hands are, so they skip me almost every time.
Got the opposite issue, tiny girl hands make big phones an issue but my dick looks big in them.Thats why I like my 4s good size and all I do is browse, text and call.
A lot of people here recommending the Z3+My plan runs out in a month for my Z1, is it worth upgrading to the Z3+ or is there not much of a difference between the two?
/g/ Tech... animu and manchild virgins
I second,Is sony z2-3 even worth considering? Lots of overheating
Get the S6 OP. The hardware is futureproof, there won't be anything more powerful out in a year at least. The Nexus 6 is just a fuckhuge phone that will get outdated in 3 months, there's no sense in getting that right now.
Overheating? Ive never had that problem with my Z3. Even with a "thick" case.
The Z1 is a good phone. But the screen quality is shit. The Z3+ would be a pretty good and explainable upgrade. Do it.
, 
Old Thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking child. to get into private trackers and survive: Interview Notes: /g/ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ thread.Remember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a child. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
jesus fucking christ dudeI was literally just finished typing up my one. Could you not have waited another 2 minutes?
changing "faggot" to "child"why?
Worst /ptg/ confirmed
It's gone to shit ever since that faggot advertised it on reddit
Words can hurt.
get into u2.dhmyknow getting upload on a private tracker can be difficult to start out with; spend a hour seeing if any of the blurays and DVDs I have can be cross-seeded, spend 4 hours picking up a bunch of philosophy-raws off Nyaa to try and get the seeding bonus points rolling in.  Submit an offer to ensure some upload.finally look at torrent front page.2x Frees everywhereGoddamn it.All that effort to get like 50 UCoin an hour and with one download I started pulling in 500 and got near 100GB up while I slept.
i have a quick question about hit and run system in animebytes;it says that to get rid of h&r's i have to seed for min. of 3 days but some of my torrents require more 4 or 6 daysis it a bug or what determines the seed time to be longer? i don't see this mentioned in the wiki

depends on the torrent size m8
The minimum seed time for every torrent is at least 72 hours, with an additional 5 hours per GB of the torrent's size over 10GB. The initial grace period is four times the minimum seed time if you downloaded 100% of the torrent, or 7 days if you did not complete the download.
oh, derp. thanks.
How did you get into U2?ADC really isn't really helping for full BDs and DVDs, and I would like to get pre-release date leaks fast.
ADC.  New inviter came up yesterday without the insane hoops the other one wanted.  Just 2 ratios besides ADC.
Are either U2 or ADC any good? I'm on BakaBT and AB, how do they compare?
Much bigger full DVD/Bluray selection.  Becuase, duh, that's all ADC has.  ADC is pretty fricken good with retention considering the size of the stuff, and what isn't seeded can probably be gotten from backups.If you want sources for encoding, have massive storage, or want to archive to disk, ADC is a must.U2 seems similar to ADC, just with maybe two or three times the activity and bloated encodes.  They have a trumping system so it seems their encoders are in love with FLAC, DTS-MA, and CRF in the low teens
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
They're too much effort, the shit I download is old so I'll need to keep it in my seedbox for 2 weeks preventing me from downloading other shit
wot
Any of you in PrivateHD? Looks promising
On the tracker I'm on, if the file ration doesn't become 1:1 you'll need to keep it on your drive for 2 weeks
So seed it from home.
I use the seedbox for security too you know, I prefer not sharing my ip
Oh no, some anonymous people might have access to a random string of numbers.
Any of you in PrivateHD?Sounds retarded. Just get into a proven, top tracker and shut the fuck up already you idiot. New trackers are pointless to join 99% of the time.
That's what you get for living in third world burgerland
Which the Hollywood fags can know and report to my isp
Is he still inviting people?
which trackers are you on?
getting started on TLnothing to cross-seed because nobody posts the original scene rar'd releases on public trackers anymoreused to be different 10 years agotimes change,  I guessSilicon Valley and GoT are out todaywanted to get some decent buffer on thosenot a single scene release anywhere public
He hasn't pulled his post saying he has invites.  He's a veteran user which means he can buy them, and he has a ton of UCoin.I'm 2TB up at ADC with 3.1 ratio270GB up at AB with 22 uploads and 12 million ratio400GB up at AsiaTorrents with infinite ratioAnd 3TB up at BakaBTThat was good enough for him.
Green is Power User or aboveShould I collect more or try and get Power User on other ones first?Thoughts?
not a single scene release anywhere publicuwot?
Hey, my offer at U2 went up.Too bad I have to cut back on 2x's to seed it.
Just try it though, for example I would like Game of Thrones S05E09 720p HDTV x264-0SECThere are 7 different torrents with this file on Kickass, but every single one of those there or anywhere else public, I use an agregator is unpacked so when I download it I cannot seed it to TL.
What the fuck fail tracker is that that doesn't ban RARs?
You don't know Torrentleech? It's been around for like 10 years or so, I used to have an account there but lost it due to 90d of inactivity.
Cross seed anime.
So, I'm installing Debian 8.1 on my ThinkPad, and I'm on the "Software selection" part of the install. So what packages do each of these install? I want to start off with a minimal install so I'm deselecting the desktop environment. But what does "standard system utilities" include? Anything useful? If it includes all of the rebranded software like Iceweasel, then I wouldn't want that since I'm installing Firefox.Also keep in mind I just took this image from somewhere else. Debian 8.1 installer only has the desktop environment, web server, print server, ssh server, and standard system utilities.
The packages included in each category change from time to time, check the wiki for current listings.Remember you can always tasksel to get back here or aptitude anything you want to add/remove at a later, so it basically does not matter.
Standard system utilities is important shit just leave it on. If you want an FTP server select File Server, I'd also select Laptop so that it will be configured for a laptop rather than dekstop.
Anything useful?Ubuntu has the same thing.$ apt-cache show build-essentialPackage: build-essentialPriority: optionalSection: develInstalled-Size: 37Maintainer: Ubuntu Developers ubuntu-devel-discuss@lists.ubuntu.comOriginal-Maintainer: Matthias Klose doko@debian.orgArchitecture: amd64Version: 11.6ubuntu6Depends: libc6-dev | libc-dev, gcc = 4:4.4.3, g++ = 4:4.4.3, make, dpkg-dev = 1.13.5Filename: pool/main/b/build-essential/build-essential_11.6ubuntu6_amd64.debSize: 4838Description-en: Informational list of build-essential packages If you do not plan to build Debian packages, you don't need this package.  Starting with dpkg = 1.14.18 this package is required for building Debian packages. . This package contains an informational list of packages which are considered essential for building Debian packages.  This package also depends on the packages on that list, to make it easy to have the build-essential packages installed. . If you have this package installed, you only need to install whatever a package specifies as its build-time dependencies to build the package.  Conversely, if you are determining what your package needs to build-depend on, you can always leave out the packages this package depends on. . This package is NOT the definition of what packages are build-essential; the real definition is in the Debian Policy Manual. This package contains merely an informational list, which is all most people need.   However, if this package and the manual disagree, the manual is correct.Bugs: yesOrigin: UbuntuSupported: 5y
The standard utilities are commandline stuff you'll need sooner or later.Select the SSH server if it's going to be a server.Everything else is best left out, and added manually later.
If I remember correctly this should list what "standard system utilities" includes. It certainly doesn't include iceweasel and shit like that. It includes some kind of cron and less and stuff like that. Mostly usefull cli utilities. An mta exim? to as far as I remember.tasksel --task-packages standard
I found it here:here, what else do you need to list the packages.
So now that Youtube disabled subscription collection feature out of fucking nowhere is there any third party script or add-on that provides subscription management of any kind? What do you use for this hateful site?If I can't find anything then I'll just create a html homepage for my subscriptions and categorize the damn subscriptions manually.
You're 2 weeks late
points out the problemthanks for contributing
enable email notificationsuse gmail filters to sortworks pretty well for me
Thanks, I'll look into this as an option.
My iphone six was on my person when i fell into a fountain.  i waited 8 hours and then plugged it in and it began charging batt was dead when i fell in now i am unable to power it on. Tips, advice? not wealthy enough to buy another.
Don't fall in fountains.
great advice, should i use sil gel? or its prob cooked?
It's dead, jim.And here's some financial advice: If you're not wealthy enough to replace it, don't buy expensive, fragile, vulnerable pieces of shiny crap.
oh what a woosie
Waited 8 hoursExactly what is this going to accomplish?
I'm feeling sad today so i'll advise you.Put it in a ziploc bag with rice, wait 3 days  and try and turn it on again.This worked for my ipod touch.
How'd you fall into the fountain?Was it in a public square where people witnessed it?This sounds interesting.
it drying out?
I can share if you guys want.
Idiot. You don't plug it in after it's been soaked until you've sat it in the sun or a drying room for a couple of days. If it wasn't fried before you plugged it in to charge, it certainly will be now.
theres a lot of cases where wet electronics will still work
the screen came on, and the symbol for charging appeared. just bouncing it off you guys to see if you have had a similar experience.
Thank you. ill try it i guess.
not buying an IP67 rated phoneI let out a hearty kek
hope it works for you
not wealthy enough to buy another.Funny when you think about it, if you had bought a sturdier, yet cheaper and easily just as good phone, not only would it not have broken in the first place, but you could afford to replace it if it did break.
Yes please share anon.
fair enough.
Not that guy, but his advice would only work if you hadn't tried to charge it or turn it on. You most likely killed it permanently by running current through a soaked mobo
8 hours is nowhere near enough. Like others have said wait a few days. If it doesn't work then it's fried
Install Linspire on it
well, i was about 16 drinks in stumbling to my buddies car, when we come across a fountain. Excitement rose within me as i climbed the ledge. Naturally my balance was not there and there i went. Went home, and left the phone alone untill it was time for work the day after. plugged her in at the office and she lit up, now i cant get anything out of the phone.
good news is i have insurance. So guess ill be getting another.
put in a bag of rice for a few a days, hope
I bet you didn't even use rice.
not wealthy enough to buy another.If you can't afford loosing something it means you shouldn't buy it. Enjoy your expensive dead trash you consumerist faggot. Frame it or something, so all your friends visiting your place will see how successful and rich you are, you had an iphone 6 once after all. Lmao.

Your just repeating somone else... congrats.Everyone else, want my tit folder or something for the advice?
same guy as before, iphones dont get "fried" from getting turned on. just dry it out rice and theres 80% chance of it working
if it works you have to do something nice for someone you dont know
I will mate
My Nokia 1202 still work after countless drop and get soakedGet on my level smartphone fag
not wealthy enough to buy anotherAren't all iphone user is rich and success people, considering that they always throw "poorfag" tantrum to other people that use different device?
tips, advice8 hours was not nearly long enough and you should have packed your phone into a container of dry rice for a full day at minimum.
Don't start anonIt's shitty and forced
Your justHis just what?
Next time get a xperia phone. Most of them are waterproof and cheaper than an iPhone. You could easily buy two of the Z3c.
xperianot even once, lel.thats a phone the weebs on g love to shill
Plugging the charger into a phone without drying it outGood work retard, you've just fucked it.Next time don't be a consumerist whore who spends $1k on a phone every 12 months.
not wealthy enoughHurr only the rich purchase some products
EMT here.If your phone is involved in a drowning/near drowning accident, you first need to observe its state of consciousness. Try to shout at it using SIRI and see if it responds. If not, give it a rousing shake to wake it up and caress the power button. If that isn't working, you need to see if the iphone is breathing properly. You may hear agonal gasping dial tones every 20-30 seconds or perhaps none at all. If you hear gurgling and/or see water in the mouth or throat, you'll need to suction it out.After confirming that your iphone has no breathing dial tones, attempt to get help from a bystander. Geek Squad should be on the way shortly within 2 weeks. Next, put two finger tips on the battery compartment and see if you can feel a pulse. If you can't feel one within 10 seconds, promptly start compressions on the bottom half of the touch screen and attach the nearest AED Automated External Defagulator to the power port. Continue compressions and charges until around 6 cycles or until parafaggots arive. It's possible you may have to cease efforts. In that case, don't jump into fountains you fucking faggot. Fountains are gross as shit.
 out of
ok so what happened that water resistant coating that was supposed to be used on all portable electronics by now.
That's what you get for buying an iPhone
What happenedSorry, did you watch some sales pitch video where it costs $150 per electronic hendheld for in-house teardown and application?That's why.
They all are. What's the fucking difference, master of the memes?
iPhoneFuck off
Install gentoo
Did you update to iOS69
, 
Has anyone tried Proton Mail yet?Some features: All user data is protected by the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act DPA and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Ordinance DPO which offers some of the strongest privacy protection in the world for both individuals and entities. Only a court order from the Cantonal Court of Geneva or the Swiss Federal Supreme Court can compel us to release the extremely limited user information we have.We have invested heavily in owning and controlling our own server hardware at several locations within Switzerland. They are colocated in some of the same secured and guarded datacenters used by Switzerland's famed private banks. This provides an extra layer of protection by ensuring that even your encrypted data is not easily accessible to any third parties.Your encrypted data is not accessible to us.No tracking or logging of personally identifiable information.ProtonMail does not require any personally identifiable information to register.our secure datacenter facility hidden inside a Swiss granite mountain.
mail me @helpdesk@protonmail.chI will replyno seriously it's really mine
What are you hiding, OP?
Do you like the postal service opening your mail? I send letters to my brother in boot camp all the time and even though I don't have anything to hide, I would prefer if they wouldn't open my mail.
Yes.  But I forgot all of my passwords because I was drunk when I signed up.  I didn't set up recovery mail. I'm an idiot.
no because I have my own mailserver and a gmail too.
Anon-kun, if you aren't doing anything wrong, you have nothing to hide. :^
I've tried ProtonMail, and the only beefs I've had with it is lack of support for using an e-mail client and the need to allow javascript and session cookies
if I mail you can you please move me up on the wait list? Im in serious need of protonmail as soon as humanly posible
ah perfect for pedophiles to trade CP. what a great protection encryption provides us.
make server VPN that shitHave client RSA that shit before it arrives with your public keysurround servers with a bunch of guns???What am I missing?
Quadruple agent NSA Jew racemixer Rothschild false flagger detected.Hi Ben
being this delusionalpedophiles/terrorists/drug dealers/and other degenerates love encryption and privacy. accept it.
Okay. But so do I, and I'm none of those.Is it really a bad thing to want to excercise my right to privacy?
Freedom loves privacyFuck off communist
So, how do these people make their money?
These type of email services never cease to amaze me.. How does it solve the hushmail problem? Namely, how can a user be confidant that his emails are truly secure when the site provides both the software that handles his input and storage/transportation. inb4 gpg pluginWhat value does this add, then?They also love dinking water, eating, and doing many of the things you do. LETS BAN EVERRRRRRRYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!1 You're a moron,
Why not tie it into a desktop client to bypass java req.?
Get out. Fucking Summerfags.
nice try, but those don't enable them to hide their crimes and make it harder for law enforcement to protect the innocent.if I call someone a summmerfag, maybe they won't notice this is my first time since summer break startedpeople on this board argue about encryption all year round. lurk moar please because your summer is showing.
no IMAP/POP3 supportDo you like refreshing or are you just a masochist?
 nice try, but those don't enable them to hide their crimesFine, let's ban shovels, blenders, and carnivorous pets. Bad people could use them to hide evidence. You know what, let's ban fire too while we're at it. make it harder for law enforcement to protect the innocent.Everything is a trade-off. It also makes it harder for bad people to look at things they shouldn't be looking at.
 2015 Still considering using someone else's mailserver
But American law enforcement makes no effort to protect the innocent as it is, only to punish the guilty and the innocent, and the maybe-innocent, and the maybe-guilty, and the people they just don't like.
So does the government.
Being bound by American law.Donations
Ciphers live on a discretized manifold. If the region they live in has easily-predictable behavior, then you are screwed.Not realizing I'm downloading Best Anime Ever Season 2 from a distributed data service using email as a notification fetcher.
lack of support for using an e-mail clientDropped.And I thought it was good considering how much shilling there is for it.
In regards to your inquiry, we have reviewed your application and have decided to speed up your registration process. Expect to receive an activation mail within the next few working days.Well I'll be damned
 carnivorous petsHey...good idea anon, thanks
sounds good but I'm already part of the Master Race
had protonmail for a yearhaven't used it sincewho else is me?
Hey OP, using the protonmail and loving it. But tell me, I was accepted at around February, for how long do I have free rights? Or is it free forever for anyone who gets accepted?
"based in Switzerland" means nothing at all. The US will get your data if they want it.
Your encrypted data is not accessible to us.uhwhere is my encrypted data then
This is true, if they want it, they'll simply grab it in transport and it won't really matter.
Not only that, the Swiss have fuck all ethics, and will pass the data willingly to the US, without informing you.Switzerland is the cuck nation of Europe.
SwitzerlandThe FBI lapdog kekI'd prefer a russian or chinese mail
Well, the idea is that if you are in the US which is a fairly safe assumption, I think most 4chan traffic is in the USA the government won't have to bother with asking any other country to collect your data, they'll do it themselves.Knowing what connections are going to an encrypted email service hosted in Switzerland would be reason enough to collect any information you transmit regardless of it's destination, or if it is encrypted, due to the complete disregard of the 4th Amendment that is and has been going on.
 and will pass the data willingly to the US, without informing you.You mean when the USA provides evidence of a crime happening first? Sure.
Sauce on this claim?
Nope, if you are a US citizen, they own your ass.
evidenceThey don't have to, everything happening in that country is being streamed to the US.
I use it more as an extra layer of security for accounts and stuff that include personal information myself.Or well, when I can actually bother finishing migrating all the accounts.
That does not sound like what I remember. Sauces?
Girlfriend is a yank, recently almost had her bank account closed because the US told the bank to do so, had to argue with US consulate in Zurich to keep it open.

 closed source closed spec nonspec compliant no pgpLiterally dogshit.goto whiteout;
That's very different. I recall the US forced Switzerland to accept simpler evidence for the release of banking data to happen.Switzerland originally wanted strong indication of tax fraud of over 100k happeniing and wouldn't accept lesser sums, or something.Various moves by the USA happened and for the most part the Swiss banks just closed US accounts to make sure minimum harm comes to them and customers. Wasn't the USA ordering it, AFAIK. And your GF would have gotten her money back.Yes, if you have evidence can be you or the FBI or your neighbour of a crime happening, the swiss police will possibly raid swiss homes based on it.What do you expect...?
great... more pedo and drug enablers :/
What? How?
You're better off hosting your mail in some obscure  eastern european shithole.
If you intend to do something criminal perhaps.If you want legal protections to be able to sue the hosting company if it unjustly compromises your privacy or has a "security breach" and looses your confidential mail or something like that, probably not.
Contract is up in a few months, is it too late to get a Nexus 5?
get iphone6. it's the best phone on the market right now.
I always liked the galaxy note series, but I just switched to the LG G flex 2. It look pretty, that's about it though. Go with note 4
it's never too late
First reply and an ishill, new recordNo, wait for the nexud 5 2015
It would appear that it is no longer possible to buy a Nexus 5 on the Play Store. It is still possible, however, to buy it new on Amazon.Is there any reason why you do not want to buy the Nexus 6?
the battery life sucks MAJOR ass on the nexus 5 unless you franco kernel that shit up
I just got iphone six plus two days ago. If you are Android stay you will miss out on the features. I am going to get a lg g4 here once i return it. Don't fall for that blue text.
Is there any open source or at least non-nagware alternative to Sandboxie for Windows yet?
Hey nerds,how do you feel about the group of 12 year olds who ran lulzsec being hailed as l33t hackers by the media when all they did was use a free program to DDOS a few websites?
One eye on the bitches, one eye on the streets

Who gives a fuck about some faggot skids?
They're the extreme hackers you wish you could be if you were even half as talented as them.Don't be jealous anon.
they got caught?
All part of their plan.Now they're going to go down in history as hackers of the freedom fighting group anonymoose.
a bunch of losers nobody cares about other than to read their amusing encycopedia dramatica article.
How do you miss amblyopia in this day and age? I was born in 1981 and they still caught it and corrected it.
You got your b upside down.  This is /g/, not /b/Try a board that gives a fuck about anonymous.
Bullshit it was. They got snitched on by their ringleader.
This , nigger did not connect trough tor once or something and the feds immediately turned him snitch.
Hail Autistlord Topiary
Who did they DDOS? Same targets as "Anonymous"?
I sure do wish I were going to federal prison for being a faggot.
Didn't they just use metasploit on an unpatched server to hack Sony?
Are you finnish?
Pretty good that they are going to jail for being dumbasses.
Bottoms right has chin eyes
The eye of cock
Ddos isn't just some tools.Dos is just some tools, ddos isn't dos. Dos can be anything from walking to the hosting center and cutting  all their power cables, to downloading low orbit ion cannon and entering an ip. Both of them are denial of service attacks and have the exact same effect and maybe even should be viewed in a similarish manner.If what they did was a ddos, what they would have had to do is install malware on all their friends and families computers and then install the master program on a master pc to control it. This is a distributed denial of service attack and its equivalent to dumping a wire cutting tool you used for vandalism on your friend so he's just as liable. Its a really dick move.Did they go to jail?I think we're old enough to know this kind of behavior isn't on and many of us run servers and host shit, if you did this to me it's the equivalent of war, as in I'd expect to be stabbed if I did this shit to someone making and losing tens of thousands of dollars. Have I really offended you that much?
Funny thing about Lulzsec.  I know the guy that was a former counter intelligence agent for the US Military who 'worked' with the other Lulzsec banditos.  He wasn't the only counter intelligence operative under the guise 'th3j3st3r'; apparently there were 5 who were on and off.The rest were all just pawns.  Everyone in that photo was a pawn.
Thats pretty good
I talk often with Kayla lower left, he is a talented guy, probably the best of them. The lower right is Ryan Cleary, he was the guy who DDoSed 4chan and others a few years ago with a botnet, that chanocalypse now shit
Got 2 old palm m105 PDAs today at the local goodwill, any suggestions on what I can do with them or how I can go about using them. The IR sharing is neat, but is there anything else to them?
They belong in a museum.
Drop them off at goodwill.
Indy, pls.
OP here, looked online but not many results. What are some, if any, useful addons are there for the wires used on the right. Found a temperature reader but that was about it.
To be honest, the m105 was the shittiest of the shit. Their screens were plastic rather than glass, the case was cheap plastic, and they were slow as all hell. Poorfag Palms. My dad had a Palm Vx, which was the high-end version at the time. He subsequently gave it to me after getting a Blackberry. I actually used this as my personal organizer/calendar/note-taker up until I graduated from high school in 2009. Fucking keyboard was great.
So, buy a keyboard for it?
Space Trader
The GPS companion is neat. I think they make some models for the newer Palm Pilots.Also yes. It makes a decent note taking device.
What are those splitters? RJ45 to something.
Err RJ11
Pic of the one end of the cable split. Also what can I do with it, kinda unfamiliar with it. But I saw another item that was with it that was some anal probe temp. reader that was in a box for it.
After some searching to seems to be a MIDI connector.
Neat, now I can plug it into anything that acepts it and play the mono tone beaps it makes or use it as a controler for limited things.
Granted 5-pin DIN could be used for any number of things. That's just the most common use of it it seems.
This guy knows whats up.
fucking space traderi still have my IIIc for sole purpose of playing space trader from time to time
if i remember correctly, there was "PocketC" - on-device compiler, and it was giving direct access to ever pin on output. You may do something fun with it, like linefollower or something.
palm m105This guy also knows what's up.
Just dug up my Palm T|X, been playing SpaceTrader for the past hour or two.
I rather like them as personal organizers; distraction free, excellent stylus interface and easy as fuck to find replacement parts and software for. never really liked those ones though, Palm IIIs are a sweet spot because they last a week or more on a pair of AAAs and have tons of accessories, but those are still plenty usefulusing pic rel right now as a calculator/solitaire machine, I wonder if the Palm III foldable keyboards work with shit this old
you should install pocketwarior and use it as a portfinder
So based on what I have heard, I should install space trader on them, and anyone know if I can "beam" it to the second device after?
Simcity
yes you can
Why has he gotten so defensive any whiny on his Facebook and YouTube comments all of a sudden? Seems like you have to only say a little thing before he jumps up and goes "ACTUALLY WHAT I MEANT WAS BLAH BLAH BLAH" and posting your epic comebacks to the mean trolls publicly? Yeah that'll show 'em :^
e-celebs != technology
He's a nvidia shill. what do you expect?
/threadAlso friendly reminder to sage.
what's sage?
This right here.
To give you a serious answer; he's expanding his business. He's about to move into a large size office, moving to more than one video hosting service vessel and is aiming to change into a formalised company rather than a monetised youtube channel. Branding is important at this point for him/them. Any bad publicity has to be managed by him/them. It's why Luke is doing more videos and Linus is transitioning to the manager role; he's trying to separate the LinusTechTips/LinusMediaGroup image from his own personal one, so it has validity in brand management context.
He's very frustrated at having to stay in the closet. Some day he will come out and be at peace.
He's angry he didn't keep his proper job a NCIX, and instead spends most of his time shilling for Asus and Nivdia on youtube, to 16 year olds and Indians.
because he has the most autistic fanbase this side of mlpalso, this is /g/ - technology, not /g/ - your favorite shill
His fans eat it up.
Don't forget to buy the official LTT fans.  ;^
still paying attention to this retarded shillI unsubscribed midway through 2014. Linus jumped the shark fucking HARD.You know what they say: all good things must come to an end.
DID IT GO SO FUCKING WRONG
people who have a lumia 535. is it yay? or nay?
Doesn't matter, it has no apps.
I come from a lumia 630 tho, I'm used to it. fucking phone broke down on me my fault tho, I treated it like shit
is it yay? or nay?it is ok budget phone. Depends how much?
/g/i'm looking at phone and plan choices. I'm a kissless virgin with no friends who barely uses his phone except for work, but phone currently isnt charging correctly / doesn't hold a charge for very long with no apps running. I've tried replacing the battery and it's still destroying battery life  older version of android, not 5.0+  Thusly I want a new phone. Nexus 6 is looking pretty good now I think.However i'm going with cricket wireless because sprint coverage is shit in my area.will ANY unlocked nexus 6 work on cricket's GSM network?
nexus 6work phoneAnd then your whole post comes crumbling down. If you actually wanted a "work" phone you'd get an Xperia Z3 compact or iPhone 5S
Annual family dinner. Only go to safeguard my allowance.mother tells me to behave "civilized"prepare for the fuckfest with 60 mg oxy and 8 mg zanniesrinsed and repeated every 2 hrswake up 2 days laterapparently i shat on 20 iphones and 3 ipads after hoarding and dumping them in a toilet tfw its expected of me to attend again next yearAndroid hate thread?
hehehehehe/r9k/
ok /g/, just spilled wine on my brand new logitech g710+. wat do? I've already unplugged  it.
give it a glass of water before sleep and avoid a hangover?
lol'd
This , unls you want it t writ e indrunkk like mi ne
Sprinkle some cheese and crackers on it ?
PLUG IT BACK QUICKLY MAYBE ITS NOT TOO LATE
Put it in a bag of rice and let it sit overnight.The rice will lure asians who will repair your electronics.
If you unplugged you keyboard then how did you write this post?
wineJust dual boot windows, man, it's much easier
6.8/10
mobilesecond keyboarddifferent computer
Please direct your technical support questions to the SQT. That thread is designed to field these questions.
I have 5 bucks to spend on Google play store. What should I spend it on? Is there even a single app worth money on it other than Poweramp?
install Linspire
Hitman Go
Cytus. IAP which removes 30 second wtf nag-screen and unlocks a few more chapters but it's great if you like rhythm games.
XCOM, if you're into turn-based strategyHearthstone, if you like card gamesAnd of the GTA games
Not sure what this is. Looks meh.Looks decent but I'd rather pirate a game like this.
This is one of the best Android games I've played: just have to pay once. No extra hidden fees.
Not really since you can just pirate most stuff.
Hearthstone is free on the play store, though there are micro transactions in-game
Worms 3
Tasker maybe if you're into that stuff
Nova launcher If you don't have a launcher yet.
The World ends with you
why the fuck Chromium can't recognize Adobe Flash?I've tried to Install it like 4 times ran chromium as  administrator tooWhat do?
Because you need to install Pepper Flash plugin, which 100 times better than Adobe Flash.
pepper flash IS adobe flash, just using the PPAPI pepper plugin api instead of the older NPAPI netscape plugin api
creation datelast replybump orderHow does /g/ browse the catalogs? I personally go by Creation Date and just go down the catalog. Sometimes I'll use Last Reply too.
Who is this penis Venus?
Reply count
Who is this dick tick?
A paki in London who used to go by the tumblr username sndd or something like that
Who is this smegma serpent?
Wrong.
Bump order is the only reasonable choice.Bump.
I refresh page 1
I'm down with the THICKNESS witness the THICKNESSThat's all I've got
Last reply. Fuck sage.
who is this fluid druid?
Mirin those child bearing hips lad.
used to be S4N4 on tumblr.
bump order, that way i know the shills will be at the top and the actual tech shit will be lower down
Can someone explain to me why some short-sighted people use their glasses with VR headsets? I don't see how this would help considering the screen is basically right in front of your eyes.
please respond
the trick is that due to the magnifying lenses used in VR headsets, you still can focus at a range greater than 5 meters
So the lenses are tricking your eyes into thinking things are far away and they can't see them or they genuinely make it so you can't focus on something that is right in front of you?
they genuinely do.. just imagine the eye strain you would have if you really would look at a screen 3 centimeters in front of your eyesthe same reason applies to sight binoculars
it's a very natural feel though, you adapt your eyes   in under 10 seconds to the dual screens when wearing the vrheadset
I mean I am short sighted and have tried using glasses with my DK2 but didn't notice any difference apart from my fov going way down and it being uncomfortable as fuck. Hopefully some of these issues will be solved with the Vive though, bottom right of pic related.
VR is just a gimmick, like 3d TVs, but even more annoying and shameful to use.
i never tried it, it's a gimmick
mom won't buy it for me, it's a gimmick!
all those damn cablesShit, the DK2 is already looking better.
It's the manual from the dev kit, the real one is confirmed to have a lot less cabling going on. And that looks pretty similar to the DK2 already.Step 19 and 20 are just a few reasons why the vive will be far better, not to mention the top tier controllers and superior technology across the board.
being actually this retardedyou dont even know any optics, do you?
I was just asking a question trying to educate myself m8.
While we have this lovely thread going. What's the most affortable VR headset fiddle with in graphics development?
myopia fucks up the focal point of your eye i.e. the point you stop being able to focus and mantain a sharp image, meaning some people will need to use glasses / contacts to use oculus rift because they wont be able to put the screens into their focal point reach.
Thanks for the explanation.
That depends, are you OK with mobile? If not then there's very little out there. Your best bet is getting a DK2 really. What sort of graphics development are you even trying to do. You may not need a VR headset at all.
haha
I agree.
I just ordered a 980Ti and a DK2. I'm excited as hell to fiddle around with VR.Which games lend themselves well to VR patching? I'm already planning to try Minecraft and Skyrim and wait eagerly for VR support in OpenMW.
Cockpit games probably. Also note that there's a minecraft mod for the DK2 called Minecrift. Check r/oculus for a comprehensive list of supported games as well.
Man I'm so hyped for the Vive. Based Gabe saving us from the NSA. Fuck Facebookulus.
What's going to be the least gay:Oculus ViveMorpheussomething else
Racing sims are a pretty solid choice.I'm also waiting for for the day when someone gets Metroid Prime Trilogy running on Dolphin to work with an Oculus RiftDat immersion
after you install drivers, calibrate your ipd and run the test demo, use r/oculus, oculus-share, and the vr community youtube channels to find good experiences and problem solvestart with some demos for your first experience; these are ~5-10 minutes and easy to get up and running-senza peso-titans of space-ocean rift-new retro arcadeto mod games to support the rift, use injection drivers like vorpX$, tridef, and vireio perception. to help with graphics/text legibility experiment with supersampling, and sweetfx to boost sharpness. prepare for modded rift game experiences to mostly suck. best to stick to games that have hidden support that is easily modded back in alien isolation etc or dolphin-vrlastly, the real meat of vr right now other than a thousand 5 minute demos is the handful of true native support games: not all inclusiveElite: DangerousHL2/TF2/Portal2 source engine games are sickness proneLive for speedAaaaaAAaaaWar ThunderAssetto CorsaLunar FlightStar ConflictiRacingBlazerushEuro Truck Simalso be sure to try VR desktop
I thought that already worked?
I've only seen it for the GC games. And support like moving the wiimote seperate from the camera and having the 3D helmet work with head movements would be perfect
VR patchingFlight simulators. They don't even need patching kid. Support comes built in.Download DCS World & become an aerosexual today.
short-sightedI think you mean nearsighted.  They mean very different things.
Well of course it'll be better than the DK2, but the RIft CV1 also has dual screens. They would be retarded to not have IPD adjustment.
There's near sighted people and far sighted people. I'm near sighted, so I can see close up but further away is blurry. My eye doc told me in my case,   my eyes grew too big for my eye sockets, so they are squeezed oblong too much for the lens to compensate for. That's the most common cause. For far sighted people, its usually the eyes being too small relative to the socket.
SkyrimHaven't tried it yet, but I don't feel like it's a good idea. Big enviornments don't deal so well with the low resolution of VR, but who knows maybe the devs conjured up some magic...MinecraftThis I have tried, it was alright. The actual implementation was good, just it falls from the low resolution and a good bit of lag. No matter what, my computer doesn't like minecraft. My fps was like a 10 year old's rollercoaster in rollercoaster tycoonNow for some of my recommendationsRetro ArcadeIt may be just me, but this is what I wanted my teenage years to be so I quite enjoy it. It has some issues so some games don't work, but my favorite metal slug does.Some parking simulatorThis is the reason I bought one. Eventually I plan on making a full driving simulator to ease the anxiety of driving. Not exactly fun, but is sure a good demo. It is kind of funny to challenge your friends to see who can finish it firstSightlineNo comment, just find it, download it and enjoy.Star Wars Battle of EndorIf this was a full game, I'd buy it right now. It doesn't have much right now, but damn it has some potential.VR desktopUltimately useless, but makes for interesting posts on the desktop thread...
Driving anxietyYou poor soul
So that's the theory huh? Interesting. I've heard some people doing some odd things to their eyes to get their vision to be less near/far sighted.
Hey that shit can be traumatizing. I'm pretty apprehensive now after I narrowly avoided an accident myself.
Let me guess, you use an AMD CPU?
Nope.
Will the headsets themselves have some kind of motion detection so that there's the capability of moving your head instead of using the hat switch?That shit would be fucking amazing.
That's pretty odd. I see no reason why your hardware shouldn't be able to run Minecraft well. Have you checked your CPU usage while Minecraft is running?
Not that anon, but what do you mean by hat switch?
hope you're paid to do this kid
Git gud, scrubBro, do you even shift?I should go back to /o/
Hat Switch is the little stick usually on the top of the joystick that you use to move your view from inside of the cockpit, but not move the vehicle.It's like if you are driving a car, you turn your head to the side window, or move your eyes upward to your mirror. Which is why it would be sweet if moving your actual head was a replacement for the hat switch. One of the few actually useful uses of motion control.
full driving simulatorI want to make one that makes note of your traffic violationsand has ai that randomly ignores the law
That sounds boring.
yeah half the point of a screen on your face is so that you can use sensors/cameras/lasers to accurately track orientation and position of your head in 3d space to correctly mimic these actions in game with low latency, replacing current systems like trackIR. go watch a youtube video of someone playing a flight sim, you can track targets behind you by turning your head
Yep, that is what I am planning. It is just in the planning phases right now because I can't decide on engine. Right now it is a toss up between UE4 and Unity. I may need to experiment on which one can better physically simulate cars. After all what's driving without having fun on ice.It's a simulator, not need for speed.
less boring than having to read up on every obscure right of way law .etc
Yes Need for Speed. You can drive normally in real life, but being a dickweed and getting into hot pursuits is something you can't do in reality. Which is why VR would be amazing for itIt's really not that hard, especially considering no one enforces 70% of that stuff
considering you can already move around the camera seperate from the game with dolphin, i don't think it would be a big stretchthough it would still be tricky, things like menus get really messy when you force the camera around, not to mention most games only actually render everything in the *intended* field of view
Pic  related?
That's just glorious. I wasn't really optimistic about VR when it first started making buzz years ago, but it really does seem less and less of a gimmick and more and more of a proper immersive peripheral.Space sims like Elite Dangerous and Star Citizen being fully immersive with VR and the proper flight stick have been my holy grail of games for years now.
vr anime when
Yeah.The drawback is you won't be able to see your actual physical controls. This is a problem, especially the keyboard.
My vision goes to shit in a distance shorter than the eye to the screen with an Oculus Rift, with my glasses off.
Something like a Wiimote?
tfw years of using a blank keyboard finally have some use
This is a problem, especially the keyboard.What, you can't touch type?  Are you a 13 year old girl?
they don't enforce it but they do put that shit in licence testsand will use it to trump things up if you are pulled over for something elsetfw the demerit points on your ticketbut irl lots of people who run, end up being hounded till they crash
I just want to play .hack in first-person with a VR headset on. It's been on my bucket list since like 2003.
It's not that simple.
Indeed. Even seeing a keyboard in your peripheral can actually help. Also, being able to see a physical connection enhances that. The feeling of presence also is important, and invisible keyboard/hands somewhat breaks it.
You know, I wouldn't be surprised if that's an idea swirling around the heads of Bandai execs at the moment.One of the creators recently said that he knows there's demand for a .hack// remake/remaster. They might be waiting until VR is more common to do it and give VR support. With SAO being so popular in Japan, .hack// making a return isn't such an implausible idea.mfw comas actually start happening
I don't see how that would ever be possible with the technology being used right now. Unless you have health problems in the first place.
Didn't the last one have all that shit built in?
See this shit? It's the kind of VR that failed in the 90's. And what do we fucking know, it's basically still the same thing today. You guys seriously think it won't fail again? Grow up.
it's basically still the same thing today.Not in the slightest
You think that double-headed dildo is the same thing as the HTC Vive? You're an idiot. Pixel density and head-tracking are light-years ahead of what they were 25 years ago.
HTC ViveOculus RiftCome on man.
this generation may not be "the one", but damnit we'll keep trying
tumblrtelling anyone else to grow upfuck off
Can I get a sauce on that? Reverse search gives shit.
Explain to me how strapping a screen to your face isn't the same.Sure, but the concept is still the same. The hardware actually wasn't the problem. It was just a stupid idea and has no real good use.Maybe when we're long dead and everyone's living in the Matrix.still spewing the tumblr memecaring about people who get images through google search
Because you're a retard
Go on r/oculus.Seriously, I think it was even first posted there.
I don't have any better arguments so I'll just resort to ad hominem
You never had an argument in the first place as well
OH FUCK ME THAT'S THE VIVE?I thought it was cc.Shieet nigga.
Except I did have an argument, are you blind?
Seizures maybe?I was joking about the comas thing, but you know now that I think about it, the comas in .hack// were totally supernatural and unexplained unlike SAO which actually had some sort of technobabble behind the headset. FMDs in .hack// are more like our VR tech, they're just displays, they don't connect your mind to the game or anything like that if I remember right.
An argument that modern technology is basically the same as 20 year old technology?That's not an argument, that's shit posting
Well, people would get seizures in real life just as much probably, unless you design a VR game or something with huge flashing lights all over the place, but then you'd probably know to avoid that if you know you're prone to seizures.
telepresence
And you can still get away with good enough telepresence without putting something on your head. No one's going to go through all that trouble just to pretend they're somewhere else.
The will if you market it right, what are you on about?Just look at bigger tv screens, bigger phone screens, tablets, "transformer" tablets, most of the "audiophile" sector
And of course, all of those things are simply gimmicks, which never really got big like their original versions. If VR does well it's going to be a relatively small sector.
because some people need glasses for different reasons autist
yeah "gimmicks" that still produce millions of dollars and are very profitable to companies, unless you can produce some mumbo-jumbo 3d holograms soon, vr is going to get moderately big.
Fuck, can't go wrong with that reasoning. You got me. I was lying the whole time. I just want there to be more VR discussion on /g/. Anything at this point is better than nothing. So I will keep doing this.
you a good man anon, keep up the good work.Still the entry level for stuff that isn't a cardboard box is still too high for stuff that is ostensibly in development the price of being a pioneer I guess , the Dk2 is 450 usd and the samsung gear is 250, I can't wait for economics of scale to kick in, until then I can't import them or I'll be raped with stupid taxes.
For someone living in the US, I got my DK2 for 400 USD, and GVR costs just 200. I'm pretty thankful that electronics are so cheap here compared to other places. Anyway, for a really good VR experience, it should probably cost some money. Certainly, people are expecting it to cost a lot. When I demo the DK2 to people, and afterwords ask them how much they think the headset costs, they often say numbers more than two times how much it really costs. And that's probably good too, because they're probably not factoring in the cost of the PC as well. Google Cardboard will most likely have a role to play in the future. And a good role, too, because all that's really holding back the newest smartphones from providing a Gear VR-like experience with Cardboard is the software, and the configuration of the hardware.
And I forgot to mention that Google is working on Android VR, which will probably feature many good low level optimizations for VR, so it's going to be probably not long before we see Cardboard becoming a lot better.
I just want there to be more VR discussion on /g/The shitposter we need.
yeah I've been thinking of getting one next time I'm in the land of the free, however I'm afraid they will launch the next device after I get mine.
Don't forget to do your part by responding to it!Also not limited to posting bait. Most of the time if you see someone responding to VR bait, it's probably me.
Well hey, E3 will be here soon and Oculus will probably finally have more solid dates. We also know there won't be a DK3. But even so, waiting 6 months for the Vive isn't so bad.
Has anyone ever tried falling asleep with this thing on their head? It must be trippy waking up.
I haven't tried myself but apparently it's crazy.If I remember right, the guy said it was like waking up to something your brain just took for reality, even more so than normally using the VR headset. I forgot what he exactly used though. Maybe it was a horror game.
Never mind, I found it.So, this is what happened. My rift arrived yesterday and I pretty much went insane and pulled an all-nighter of diving into the rift, about 5 straight hours from the evening into late midnight. Just couldn't stop. So, it's about 3 in the morning and I'm inside Titans of Space. Floating through the universe, with that relaxing music they have playing in the background, made me start to drift off into sleep. I rested my eyes and I fell asleep with the rift still attached to my face.Hours and hours later, I finally woke up. My brain couldn't process shit; I just awoke sitting in a spaceship looking at Saturn and I didn't know what was going on. My body melted into the avatar in-game. I felt this weird feeling wash over me and everything in-game felt 10000x more real like a heightened reality. I felt like I could feel the cold space, or the heat of the sun, or the zero gravity lifting me up. My brain started to finally process and I began realizing I still had the rift attached to me and this was a game.The feeling lasted for another minute or so until I began realizing everything. Even without that "feeling" the game still felt amazing because of how good the rift is, but for that brief moment of waking up in the rift, I could feel the actual reality of the virtual world.You could try it, if you want. Just leave the rift on and pick a good game area to wake up in. It'd be interesting to hear how this affects other people.There's some other interesting stuff in that thread too.
wake up next to your waifuyour brain perceives it as reality for a few blissful moments before all your brain cells start firing and you realize it's all virtualDamn.
Too soon.... But, what if we could prolong that effect indefinitely? The effect described is probably due to waking up while still under the effects of REM sleep. It's kind of like when you have sleep paralysis as well. Basically, you're really half asleep. If we had a way of extending that time, we could make some progress into easily fooling both our perception and our very beliefs about what is real.
Maybe spending extended time while tired in passive VR environments meant to be experienced lying down in bed such as your gif could lead to existing in that mental state for prolonged periods of time. If I had a dev kit and game making experience I would do it myself but I don't have those resources at the moment so someone else would have to conduct experiments.
I wouldn't recommend trying to find you're waifu in VR-world, anon. At least not when you're just waking up. I lucid dream once in a blue moon not of my own volition.[spoiler]I woke up once after having a lucid dream that was passionate and loving sex with said waifu. It was the most intense orgasm of my entire life. Needless to say though, waking up was incredibly disappointing and slightly uncomfortable because even though my waifu wasn't real the orgasm was and I required a change of pants immediately.[/spoiler]I regret nothing though. I think I'm going to try falling asleep in a space game among the stars like  when I get a VR headset because that's one of my dreams.
just some warnings from a logistics point of view in case someone is going to try this-blue subpixels in oled screens have a short life so the panel will suffer yellowing after high hour count-if the rift falls off your face, lands somewhere that sunlight can hit the lenses, the panel is toast-light entering your eyelids during sleep will destroy your body clock and hormone production, harming health if done long term-I've had a rift on my face for 14 hours; face doesn't feel too great afterwards
For point one, yes, but perhaps it won't matter that much in the future. It's not like we'll be using these dev kits for long before better stuff comes out. And when they do come out, there is a chance they might not be using OLED, or OLED that has that drawback.For point two, just make sure you're not close to sunlight.Health is a problem, definitely. That's one reason I'm not attempting this, among a bunch of others.Fourth point, yes, I agree. Future headsets will be more comfortable and lightweight so it'll get better though. I can't wait for the Vive/Rift/GVR3.
tfw no gif
Here's a gif.
I want to wake up in the illusive mans office and stare out at the sun.
What color sun?
Not quite, but here you go anon.

That'd be cool and all if the windows had an extreme ultraviolet filter, but everyone would be blinded anyway given they got close enough.using pictures as reference for a model of the sunany year
I think they do. When I peer through the window, things are brighter, though not like super like how it would be for a real sun. In the first place, modern displays aren't capable of outputting anywhere near that luminance.
Does it have the beautiful music score they play during the Observation deck scene when Mercury passes in front of the sun?If there is one thing great about Sunshine, it's the scoring and shot selection Danny Boyle does.  However, the ending is absolutely fucking stupid.
It's from a film.
It might be. I do vaguely remember there being music in the demo but it's been some time before I played it.
lolwot. I HAD multiple accidents and still am not anxious at all about driving. What happens, happens, mang.
See, I don't understand people like this. You could have freaking died. A car was literally coming at me super fast, and could have rammed straight up through the side window. I would have probably died if I didn't speed up and get out of the way. I came maybe within 20 feet of being hit.
I-I liked the ending.
20 feet?  I've been in car accidents, and dodged one on foot.  That one almost hit me, missed by maybe 2-3 feet. I get the anxiety though.  I know a guy that cant drive because he cant see the wheels.  Freaks him right out.  He is considering getting a motorcycle.
Oh, you want to amp this up?Five grand.
Nice pin stripe.
I am going to shill the fuck out of this and nobody can stop me.
Hey I have a Sony HMZT3W. Will I suffer from the blue OLED thing too? I know it's not a VR headset. But I can give insights to anons that would like a cinemizer headset. Also I don't think it's ready for consumers yet as we need 4k res for better sharpness.

So the lenses are tricking your eyes into thinking things are far awayThis is literally how reading glasses work.
Just kidding! I just wanted to make a bump.[spoiler]I'm desperate, in more ways than one.[/spoiler]
Maybe. It probably varies from display to display. If you don't notice it then it might as well not be there. And yeah, low FOV, no tracking displays can't really be compared to VR HMDs. It's like trying to call the Avegant Glyph a VR HMD.BTW the Glyph is probably the best "cinemizer" HMD so far.
Yeah, well I am going to shill the fuck out of this and I DARE you to stop me.
Aw, who the fuck am I kidding, that thing is going to be shit.RazerOpen sourceVRDoomed from the start.
Well I DOUBLE DOG dare you to stop me from taking your dare. Take that!
I'd buy that...
And don't forget it's not even the free kind of opensource. It's just the oh-look-at-our-design-wouldn't-you-like-to-own-your-modifications-to-it!
Me too.Here, have another one.
Valve NEEDS to make these or something similar.also a cake HDMI/USB cable would be cool.
sunlight hit the lensesWhat would that even do?Just focus a beam of sunlight onto the panels?I feel like that would take a while to damage them.
I wonder about that. They say they're going to have multiple partners for their VR stuff like they do with the Steam machines. I'm not sure if any of those partners will get to put out a design like that without screwing up the others. Or maybe Valve will try releasing their own, or perhaps an attachable cover. Who knows.And then there's the lighthouse base stations which can essentially be the turrets, or perhaps the WCC. 
check out the vive
metroid primemah nigga
are you a fucking secretary?
Is the future here yet?
You could try City Car Driving. I think it even has Oculus Rift support but I might be mistaken.
when the first wave of dk2 launched last year a dev group was doing demos out in a park on a laptop, and resting the hmds lenses up on a bench inbetween subjects; evidently dark spots were burned in after 30 seconds of exposure. so even with weaker sunlight streaming through a window, I'd be careful
So some people who try VR come out and say it's gimmicky, useless, and not worth it. Then they try another VR thing and suddenly take a 180. Why are these people so cancerous and fucking retarded? I mean god damn. It's great that VR tech can do this, but I think it show just how unimaginative pricks people can be.
VR threadon /g/let alone on 4chanWho thought this would be a good idea?
We need a fully opensource version of the VR experience. But who will start this adventure for us? Clearly it isn't razer etc.

I'm near sighted. And my vision without glasses is terrible at any range.
The DK1 is actually open source and as far as I can tell, the free kind that we want. But how many people will actually go and iterate on that, while still providing free and accessible plans to the community? One can not open source an entire hardware system without delving into the logistics of business at some level.
Aside from sight how great would it be to be able to have a simulated sense of smell and touch to go with it. I know non of this is profitable or usable on a commercial level but a man can dream.There is already some progress with scent just need to figure out a combination of esters for whatever smell you are aiming for of course you will need to refill them thoughAs for touch perhaps wearing a suit of some sort that provides thermal feedback without blocking wind too much, hooking up a bunch of thermal pads and sensors at several nodes should be easy to accomplish for heat, not so much so for cold.A slight tingling shock can be applied for feedback as well at specific nodes on the suit of course not a high shock that would damage your body in the long run.Wind would be easy to achieve by switching a fan on or off and varying its speed to increase/decrease intensity. Having a varying angle would be a lot more expensive to pull off but doable. What would be even crazier is changing the temperature of the wind blown in your face, would be easier to pull off for heat not so much so for a cold sensation as you'd need a condenser of some sort it's pretty similar to an air conditioner.You could also have temperature control over an entire room tied into whatever application you are running.The best way to do all of this would be to tap right into the brain but that is dangerous and way ahead of our time.
If I remember right someone's already making an attachment for the DK2 for smell. For touch, that's going to be much harder to implement at a consumer level. The best things we have right now are only for the hands, and only work in a limited space, because it requires large and heavy hydraulics and robot arms. However the effect can be incredibly more life-like than any of the stuff we could hack together. Our best bet is to miniaturize that tech while making more for the whole body. However, if we forego force feedback, we may be able to not need that large setup. And some are trying to do it right now.
Ive also read that the resolution and refrreh rate are essentially the same
there will be padding notches, some motorcycle lids have them. Swaping out the padding will be needed to wash it also.
Force feed back is nice especially for feeling gforces within a safe limit of course when flying aircraft. I am sure they already use this sort of expensive tech with hydraulics and all for training crewmen in the military.Forgoing force feedback or adding very light force feedback would be the way to go for starters until we can figure out how to make muscle like fibers on a suit that contract with sufficient tension so we don't need bulky hydraulics.
I'm expecting that when VR becomes big, we will see light exoskeleton manufacturers begin integrating with VR systems, people like Cyberdyne.In addition, we can fake force feedback in some cases. For example, look at the technology used in Dexmo, then Reactive Grip, then GloveOne. They all use different methods and tricks of making us feel like there's some sort of force enacted on our hands, but different types.
Yes the fucking technology was the problem, as if you had todays rendering power, pixel density and small and light form factor back then, you just wait and see
In DK2 and CV1?DK2 has 1920*1080, 75HzCV1 has 2160×1200, likely 90HzCV1's screen is better in many other ways though, like less room between pixels for less screendoor effect, global update instead of rolling update, etc.
Why doesn't the Zenfone 2 run full Windows 8? It's got enough processor and memory for it.
It's an Android phone.
Does it run UEFI and secureboot?It doen't, right?There's your'e answer.
Is this some sort of circular reasoning or are you just awful at reading comprehension?
Why would you want to tarnish that beautiful phone with Windows 8 crapware?
AMD motherboards use Coreboot instead of EUFI, right? If I recall correctly, it's been ported to a couple of Android devices. There's no technical reason they had to use Fastboot or whatever
Neither, just saying.
except that the phone that is the subject of discussion is powered by an Intel SoC so all you typed about Coreboot is irrelevant
Coreboot also runs on Intel-powered Thinkpads. I don't see where the problem is supposed to be. Install Coreboot, install Windows, profit. It's more than I can do in my free time, but not really more work than getting Android running in the first place.
Wondering the same. Any legit answer other than being locked as fuck?
Coreboot doesn't come on AMD hardware to my knowledge, and is incredibly difficult to port. This phone could in theory run a PC OS, provided we can figure out how it boots android, and find out of it has good hardware discovery mechanisms.
If it's a powervr gpu or whatever,  good Fucking luck.
Same reason kindles don't run stock android.put up or shut up
which is the same GPU in iPhone 5s, yetbits been jail broken, so what's stopping someone from creating a ROM for it?
Good luck with drivers
so are you saying Imagination is not releasing anything about them?
Idk,  I've asked this same question before with running x86 oses on atom phones and it's always been the display drivers holding it back
Pretty sure all the Atoms in Windows tablets use PowerVR GPUs.
No,  they run a gimped version of a HD4000
umm don't they use intel HD something gfx ?
not the tablets that sport the chipaet, I think the Winbook tabs have the exact same SoC
PowerVR SGX 545
That was the previous generation, but yeah.
Well I'm too lazy to Google that so,  whatever
Man, if this shit gets to run Windows 8, I'd buy it in a heartbeat
Well, the ones on tablets and laptops do, but the Atoms you'll see on phones use the PowerVR G6430, the same GPU seen on the iPhone 5s, iPad Air, and second-generation iPad Mini.
I found one of these around my house, first-gen and everything. It's a piece of shit - there's no disputing that.It works fine, but I don't have a way to charge it and I highly doubt I can find a replacement charger. What can I do about this?
What does the port look like?
According to tom's hardware the charging port is mini USB, can you confirm OP?If yes, then you can find mini USB cables and chargers in any hardware store. Some phones still use mini USB, so you can try searching in mobile phone stores too if there's nothing in hardware stores.
Yes, but I recall that the device won't charge from its USB port. I'll have to check.
Actually you're right, looks like the connector for charging is on the side. Looks like a 5V jack, but I can't find a good pic of the port, it might be something smaller.
You must be insanely bored to actually be helping me out right now. I couldn't find a side picture of the device to save my life and I'm too lazy to take one.
 continuedHere there are more specs and pics:not very good at reading stickers, so I might be wrong but on the AC adapter says 5.4V output.
kek yeah waiting for x264 to finish stuff, but I like hardware in general anyway so not a big deal.
Keep it around and maybe you'll find a charger one day, but instead of going through a whole bunch of trouble, go buy a sansa clip.
if u live in US then u can find one on eBay
I actually had this when it came out its pretty cool it had a Hitachi hard drive the ipods at the time didn't compare. It was just ungodly huge
it's probably just some generic charger, without a picture it's impossible to say
, 
, 
Is the moto G still /g/ approved poorfag phone?Also, generally speaking, how would you compare the value of getting a newly released budget phone vs. a few year old flagship?
Zenfone 2 $199
if it ran stock sure, but it doesnt it has bunch of ASUS bloatware on it.While the G is not completely free of bloatware, its minimal and damn close to 100% stock.
Buy your moto g thenEnjoy your outdated inferior specs.
Still running a 1st gen Moto G here. No issues with latest Lollipop update. Best phone I've ever purchased.
outdated inferior specsI have an iPhone 5C, so yea Im well aware of inferior specs I was just contributing to the thread.
I see S4s going for sale for like 200USD
Are Intel's socs legit are is it safer to go with a qualcomm phone?How useful is having 64 bits for a phone these days?
if you like shit battery life sure
the battery memeAsus fixed the issue with a new update.
What is flashing Roms?
I was going to make a point about why switching roms isnt part of the conversation, but it involved a car analogy so I wont.  However, switch roms if you want, but that isnt the solution for the common person and shouldnt be considered when recommending a phone
I have one. Love it. Though it's the first smartphone I've been able to afford, so take that into account.
Mine still works really well, my only complaint is that the camera is meh.
yeah, anon, just work for free for your phone's manufacturer in order to remove their shit software of the phone and put another one on that isn't a hideous useless garbageyou're a retard if you buy a phone that comes with good software out of the box
Get an N9, live a better life and avoid being a goy :^
If you are going to be a poorfag be a super poorfag and get something like the Nokia Lumia 635 for $55.
Windows phoneNo.
Would one of these be better for music or are they about the same?
I got it as a backup phone for if my Note 4 breaks or gets lost.  While it is lacking in third party apps it is amazing for the price new .  Fantastic music app,  decent camera, great messenging app+expandable memory , snappy browser, etc#. You poorfags need to learn to not live outside your means.  If you have anything that you stand to hurt from losing you are doing something wrong.
being a poorfagwith phonesthe difference between a moto g $200 and a moto x $400 is literally two days of work. don't drink beer for a month or eat 4 less meals at restaurants and that's $200 right there
$200two days of workcalling other people poorfags
i picked up an S4 yesterday second hand for AU$130
don't drink beer for a month or eat 4 less meals at restaurantswhat if i can't afford beer or to go to resturants?
two days for a poorfag/min wagethen suck a few extra dicks
then suck a few extra dicksbut i don't want an iPhone
LG G2 is also at a good price. Basically a good variety of high end android phones from a year or 2 ago.
Stop trying to force this memeThis
I have a Verizon moto g that came with Android 4.4.4, xt1028. Motorola won't unlock my bootloader and I haven't found an exploit to root my phone. Is the only hope to root this phone to wait for lollipop to be released for the phone and have a working exploit?
I've had one for 3 weeks since my Nexus 5 shit the bed. It's fucking terrible and the camera isn't even worth using.
Is this one any good?
Currently have a second gen moto g. Had a Nexus 4 before it and it was better. Not bad for a $200 phone though. Also the sound quality seems to be really nice. Better than my N4 actually.
5C probably doesn't lag, a Moto E/G would. Honestly you're better off with the 5C.
HTC One M8 is amazing and slashed prices now too
I bought my mum a $400 S4 and it definitely feels better than my Moto G in terms of performance it's lighter too but my Moto G cost half of that so ehhh.Asus and LG seem to have some budget offerings that blow the Moto G and old flagships out of the water.
recommends a 2 year old phone over a newer much better phone for the same price
This might sound like a dumb question but, I'm fine with my dumb phone for calls and don't want to pay for a smartphone plan.However, since my 7 year old ipod broke, I'm in need of a new portable music player. I was thinking of just getting a cheap phone and using it like a mini tablet, without a plan, for music/games/wifi. Can I do this with any unlocked phone?
Xiaomi mi 4i is $200 and have better everything
except NA bands, international phone my ass
not just going prepaid and buying a smartphone outright
I'm running a moto g 4g, it's an awesome phone plus they released 2nd Gen moto g, take it!!
I'm still using a first gen that I bought for $80, really hard to beat this price especially with the battery life I'm getting
shit for onboard storageshit SoC5" 720p screen with a PPI in the 200snope
muh specs
and they still charge $180 for the unlocked GSM version, why would anyone blatantly throw their money away on a shit device like that?  Might as well get the 2GB Zenfone 2
literally just buy an iPod Touch
Currently using moto /g/ 1st gen on Euphoria OS + Optimus Kernel. It is so damn okay even after 14 months of hard usage. Getting 5-6h sot in average.
Have a Moto G 2nd Gen and I love. Best phone I've had. It's able to emulate and run every game I've played fine. I get about 4 hours of on screen time with 24+ hour stand by. I've gotten 5+ hours of screen time out of it before. It's the most comfortable phone I've ever had. It's also really sleek and well-designed. I had s4 with CM on it and decided to get this after the s4 screen broke. I've been really happy with it.  Expandable storage and stock android were my two main draws. For the price I think you can't beat it.
32Gb without an sd card slot.More expensive than a smartphone with less featuresItunes and other shitty apple software.Literally why? Only a total retard would buy one.
Moto /g/ owner here. It doesn't lag at all. Also motorola's lollipop works far better than the gpe one
galaxy s5 international model # ends in f i think is about same price as a new ipod touch and itll get software updates longer, and has a better camera and screen
Wait a little while.Padfone, nexus5 and Xperia 2 are decent for price in terms of size,ppi,ram, most are storage expandable.
Get a 1+1
Bought a moto G lte a year ago. Still works flawlessly. Best smart phone Ive ever owned. Would not trade it for any of the cutting edge overpriced bricks. Unless I traded it, sold the overpriced brick and bought another Moto G with a backup and a new gun.
OnePlus one is perfect if you don't get a faulty one.
2GB Moto G when?The 1GB RAM is the only reason I haven't bought one yet
, 
, 
how does /g/ feel about this guy ? inb4 u know
He's a nigger. What do you want to expect?
/pol/he's a good "gadget" reviewer, wish he'd expand into the world of pc hardware, he seems like he'd be great for it
technigger, case closed
like the only reviewer thats not an apple shill. he was shitting on the apple watch during its unveil, where apple actually invited him to the eventbased tech nigger
Shut up,kikenigger
he has pretty watchable reviews although he lacks knowledge of actual hardware which makes him worse than based wendell
technigger is best nigger.
Best!
i admire him for making a profitable business out of converting Verge forum posts into videos.
I don't trust black people.
technigger's great, unbiased and gets to the point
his so lepic so le cool to be a tech n3rdy consumerist XD.
nigger
le back to \pol\ XDDDIs this your first day on 4chan?
He's probably the best of the gadget reviewers.I just wish he did more reviews and reviewed more budget phones and WP devices.
Really enjoy his reviews.
What is his name?
Looks like a cool guy.
Nikola Tesla, famous Filipino jazz musician and lover of all things yellow.
Technigger
Marcus Brownie
marquis brownleebrownleebrown leeis actually brown
I like him well enough.
fuck off.probably is for him or anon is just a weak female. both of them use /pol/ as a scapegoat but don't understand casual racism is common and accepted here.
mad /pol/lution butthurt ITT
I like him. I watch his videos as soon as they show up.I don't really mind his opinions differing from mine slightly - he presents stuff in a really interesting way, and that's the reason i follow him, really.
I love the shit out of wendell. what a qt.
like the only reviewer thats not an apple shillthis
Kek
leddit
le edgy racism! Nice!
Faggot shills for Oppo and likes le edgy red and black
KFCHD shills way too much
good looking guy
how do you feel about this guy /g/i need to know because im an insecure cuck and cant make up my own mind. FAGGOTS LIKE YOU NEED TO FUCK OFF!!!!!!!1
He's cool but he's not Linus.
Consumerist shit.
wish he'd expand into the world of pc hardware, he seems like he'd be great for itSo he can bullshit just as much about it after reading over the wikipedia article 5 minutes before making the video?Sounds like a great idea, I'd love more clueless idiots giving reviews on the internet about products they don't even understand
It's a fucking cunt nigger and I refuse to watch or read anything related to it, and you can go back to leddit and don't post that ugly looking black ant faced cunt again Anyone on here who knows anything about technology or android phones will know better than to watch faggot videos like this or its meme followers. Everytime I see its video on leddit it's on the top of r android and it sickens me Anandtech and aa are the only reviews I need. Not done sissy high pitched niggrete illiterate cunt who loves the sound of his own voice

the only reviewer thats not an apple shillHe is a macfag and constantly reminds you of this.
would be his cuckold
Then get the fuck off faggot, this is an open forum.
He's a nigger. Also cool guy and good at his thing.
 not realizing /pol/ is 100% newfag cancer All the original /n/iggers have moved on by now.
dindu nuffin
Disgusting nigger.
I'm generally not positive towards niggers, but this guy is an exception, since he's smartI wish there were more blacks like him
I wish he would review stuff that isn't crap. Who the fuck over 12 wants an Iron Man Samsung phone.
Well why not review it for fun anyways?
not the guy you asked, but it's because his job is to review stuff. I don't know if you've ever worked a day in your life, but generally even people that enjoy their work don't want to do more of it when it's clearly pointless. They just take more pleasure in their work, but don't seek out stupid, contrived excuses to do more of it.I think I've seen a couple of tech youtube people dealing with these gimmicky phones though, so my hunch is that samsung contacted them and offered to send them all these things in exchange for an episode about it.
Nigger detected
/n/ still exists.
Hi /g/.The charge port of my tablet broke, is there a way to wire the battery directly to the power supply?
Yes
YES WIRE THE BATTERY DIRECTLY TO THE POWER SUPPLYDO ITDO IT NOW
Enjoy death.
If it has wireless charging, use that and enjoy the slow as constipation charging times
What's the best way for a complete beginner to learn python? I took Codecademy once but I realized it was just spoonfeeding me.
docs.python.org
but I realized it was just spoonfeeding me.if you are a complete beginner, this is a good thing.

Coursera
/thread
Try udacity they have a python section . I think its a good place too start .when u have a bit of programmin background though
head first programming, it uses python. google a pdf version of it.
If you took Codecademy, you already know the basic syntax. From there, just start writing things. You basically need to learn some Object Oriented Programming to be able to get anything done in Python though.Look at the Gang of Four design patterns. Understand that half of them are shit in most cases, and the other half are shit in some cases, but be familiar with that kind of thinking.Then look at what SOLID means when used in software engineering. That's what you'll be striving for.You don't have to understand any of it from the get go. In fact, it probably won't make much sense. Just be familiar with some of the ideas and keep referring to them as you progress.From there, go look at other people's programs on github. Try to understand each line of code. Read that shit like a book. If the book is too hard, put it aside and find something easier to read. Come back to the harder books later. Keep thinking about how the GoF design patterns and SOLID fit into the code or how they don't. Try to implement things on your own. If you have your own ideas, go for it, but be realistic. It's hard to write something useful when you're a beginner. I'd suggest making your own implementation of other people's programs/libraries from scratch if you don't have any ideas for simple programs to write. It's basically the equivalent of taking it apart and putting it back together again, and I've found that it's the best way to learn programming.If there's an unfamiliar term when you're looking up how to code something, google it immediately. Figure out what it means, even if you understand it enough to use whatever code snippet you were looking for. If you get in the habit of figuring out things you don't know as soon as you realize you don't know it, you'll be able to avoid a lot of problems in the future.You'll eventually pick up the jargon, learn the logic, and figure out how to program in the process.
What's wrong with being spoonfed? Eat faster if it's too easy, retard.
but once you finish up all the food that is being spoonfed, where do you go from there?I do like that about codecademy though. I blasted through the python course in one night and got to the point where I could use what I learned in my OO Java course to write decent things in Python as soon as I woke up in the morning.
but once you finish up all the food that is being spoonfed, where do you go from there?to other things. maybe make your own food.You said you took codeacademy once, suggesting you never finished it. You don't start in on a meal and then stop on the basis that what's on the plate won't ultimately be enough. Chew through what you've got and then come back and ask.
there's never going to be an online course that satisfies a creative mind. if you're learning python to solve problems, you need to go actually solve those problems with python. google when you hit a roadblock.you people are like foreign chinks at every university i've ever been to; you can punch in numbers according to explicit guidelines, but the minute someone tells you to pursue a passion you walk around in circles like a retarded kid with a limp. Figure out what you want to do and then go do it.You could go do Project Euler if you wanted, but you wouldn't enjoy it any more than a fuckload of Codeacademy challenges.
make stufftoo tired for a real response
thisToo good of a post for this topic.
If you are new to programming then I recommend learning another language preferably static typed - and I am saying this as a huge Python fan. If you can program in other languages you should start with learning about creating your own packages and modules and write a simple project like 4chan image downloader and then try to see how to distribute it setup.py which uses the provided installatioun utilities, pypy etc.
Yeah, that's a fair point. I read OP as having gone through it and being confused as where to go from there, but now that I read it again, you're probably right.
Budget of 1000$. Each reply chooses one part, get as many parts as possible. By the time you have reached 1000$, it must boot. Any parts available. For bonus points, use a terrible build like tri-SLI 560tis.
4gb of dedotated wam
a waifu sticker of your choice on the front of the case
We have to list prices too, yes?Pentium D 920 - $115.99 on Newegg
quad sli r9 295x2
500 gallons of lube
Yes. To the nearest 20$ is fine. I add a GT 210 for 20$.
Here's a suggestion: start a pcpartpicker build, and post the link. Each person then adds a part and reposts.

Why not get the 610 for $40?
X99 mobo for 350$
650 rare pepes for $400
Not even penta sli amd gtx 980x. Fucking pleb
7x HD5450 30$ each
old thread is almost dead. time for a new one.If you can't be bothered to:search itlurk moargit gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/small/stupid questions here, ONCE.DO NOT BUMP THE THREAD, You are NOT entitled to an answer.Please read the sticky before posting Redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread, HEREUse /g/sqt as a link to find the SQT thread
How can I get a legit Windows 7 Pro x64 iso? I got a refurbished PC with a key for a refurb PC so I can't use the tool MicroShit provides to give me the iso file. Also, DigitalRiver or however it is called removed their isos. So where can I obtain a Windows 7 Pro x64 iso legaly?I tried setting up mpd with ncmpcpp but it doesn't work. I followed this guide: . I set up my music folder to be the /home//dead385/Music and it still doesn't work. How can I fix? I could upload my configs if that helps.
I meant /home/dead385/Music
I need to get something from China that is moderately heavy 10-20 kg maybe even 50kg, air transport is bullshit expensive for this weight.I was thinking, are there any services that fill up shipping containers with multiple persons goods, ships the container and dispatch the goods at a closer location to me on land or train?
this is good thread for this questionthe picture recaptcha in Firefox is moving between 2 places constantly...is this happening to anyone else?
Re-post cuz thred is dedAiming for a job in the IT security field, but my college's Comp Sci program doesn't have jack shit about security. Can I realistically teach myself enough in 3 years to make the jump into security right out of college, or am I going to have to settle for a sysadmin-y type of role for a while?
idk but ill tell something anywayI used to run pirated versions of windows. One day my father gifted me a surface, and the live log in transferred across my other machines. Now I don't run any pirated versions.feels okay man
Why does /g/ respond with "No data received" on my desktop but not my laptop?
You may want to look into Information Systems
what's the difference between EFI normal boot and secure boot
Okay this is weird. Every time I try to install the GPU drivers it goes "No Signal".ASUS STRIX-GTX970Acer X203Hany idea what the fuck am I doing wrong?Connection is DVI-D to DVI-D if that's relevant or something
I did my question in the other thread, but here we go again.I need some help over here, i got an sylvanias synet07526pic related that comes with windows CE, and if you think windows is shit, you have to see this OS.I have been searching a lot about how to install gnu/linux here, and i found this is an ARM architecture, i dont know if it is v5 or v6 or v7.I already tryed with arch-arm v6, because v7 comes with 4 usb ports, and this one have 3 ports.Already got an sd card with 2 partitions, 100Mib for the first, fat32 with a boot dir and all files, and the other partition with the root directory.when i insert the sd card in the sylvanias pc and boot it up, nothing happens, it just boot into windows ce.Anyone got any experience with this? what can i do?Pic related.
Would it be possible to hook up this subwoofer to my stereo amp? Or connect it with my other subwoofer via this ''sws link'' to the rca on my sub? Pic related. I also only have the subwoofer/amp unit. No satelites or volume control. I'm thinking of ways to make this thing useful.
the second partition with ext4.
What are some good programs for backing shit up/synching files to an external HDD on Windows? Is Windows backup any good?
Is this legit?  
has everything set to private, so no
is this for a build? I have a 240 GB SSD for the OS but I always get hesitant when it comes to the build/purchasing bit.
What's the point of these threads if only 5% of questions get some serious anwer.
Reposting this here
Is it possible to overclock an old Intel 386 so that it can play recent games?
Define recent.
Like The Witcher 3 or GTA V?
Looking to replace my current laptop. Shit's shit and falling apart. Looking for something that'll run casual games pretty well, and stay cool. Any suggestions?
You're not going to play 2015 games on a 1985 processor
Well that sucks.  I can still toast 2015 bread in a 1985 toaster.  I can use 2015 gas in a 1985 car, and drive it on 2015 roads just fine.  Why should computers be different?
Why yes, yes you can overclock it to run those games, but you still won't be able to because no recent version of windows supports the 386, and you need at least windows 7 to run them. :^
Can't I just install Linux and run them in Wine?
I can still toast 2015 bread in a 1985 toaster.Liked.
I can use 2015 gas in a 1985 carNo, you can't :^
I rather have those 5 questions get answered in one thread rather than making 5 threads we didn't need to make. /sqt/ helps keep the board from being flooded with threads treating this board like tech support
There are plenty of people who are happy to answer questions if they know the answer.  If nobody answers your question it's probably just that nobody had a good answer for it and was in the thread at the time.
Then I suggest you also put a 1985 slice of ham on your 2015 toastYou can also grow 1000BC wheat seeds in 2015 soilSo, all things being equal, why can't you run 1000BC programs in 2015 computers?Because your metaphor is fucking retarded
I want this:convertible laptop/tabletreasonably powerful CPU not this downgraded bullshitat least full HDfull sized hdmi portmobile capabilities like 4G13" maxno graphics cardlinux friendlydoesn't overheatlightweight not too importanthas some special button not too important, I just like to have a dedicated button for opening a terminalDoes it exist yet?
How do i view all the specs of my pc i see all these guts threads with images of their specs how do i get to see that
You mean this?  
Yes thank you friend
does anyone know how to get windows, youtube-dl and open with to work together?I tried making a batch file for open with to use but it didn't workC:\ProgramData\youtube-dl\youtube-dl.exe -o %HOMEDRIVE%%HOMEPATH\Downloads\%uploaders_%titles_%formats.%exts PAUSEalso is there a way to prevent cmd windows from closing or capturing their output?
it reduced the amount of shit posting that would have happened if those 95% questions were there in storage threads of their own
Why is it considered "bad" to use a large television as a monitor?
Why is there DDR4 RAM with more than 2133 MHz if no CPU supports pat 2133 MHz? Or can one run higher clocked memory on a  i7-5820K ?
Pixel density isn't so good, also I find it hard to focus on most normal computer tasks as well like that though could be partially due to the layout of my room and how I have to turn 90 degrees from my keyboard to do itI just use television for watching videos and older console game emulation and normal monitor for everything else.
patpast
TVs also "overscan" so that the edges of the screen get cut off. Sometimes you can disable this, sometimes you can't.
TVs also "overscan" so that the edges of the screen get cut off. Sometimes you can disable this, sometimes you can't.You can almost always fix this in GPU settings even if the TV itself doesn't have a setting for it.
I'm buying a 980 soon, is 525 watts enough or should I upgrade? What's a good psu for less than 100$?
RepostinHelp plsstart computeropen chrome running fineopen incognito windowcomputer starts running like shitgames run like shitclipboard stops workingAlsominimize chromedrag chrome window to top of screencomputer instantly shits itself and starts slowing down
Where do you point someone with an APCS-level knowledge of Java? Obviously I don't need an absolute beginner book, but it seems like there's an overwhelming number of resources out there and I have no fucking clue where to get started.
if no CPU supports pat 2133 MHz?no CPU supports stable 2133Mhz. There's a big difference in the play of words
chromeI see your problem.
Why am I suddenly getting 404 errors for images posted recently past 10 minutes or so?For example, this image  works but the one I'm posting now won't.
I came here to post the same questionIs swaglord fucking up the site for good?
Im also getting 404 errors, anon.
no CPU officially supports DDR3 2133 but they all work with it
/sqt/ isn't a tech support thread. Tech support questions are usually tolerated, but if you're going to do that you should at least put a tiny amount of effort into it. You haven't even told us what operating system you're using, for fuck's sake. How could you possibly think that that's not a relevant detail?It's possible that you're simply running out of RAM, and that it's not actually specifically Chrome that's causing the effects you observe, but simply the act of launching a large application. It's really impossible to tell anything with any certainty, though, based on your extremely vague description of your problem.
Do you go to a decent Uni? have you made acquaintances with your professors?My suggestion is to talk to your professors, become friends with them, and tell them what you want to do. Chances are that at least one of them knows someone in the security research field and if the professor likes you enough, he'll probably help you find some sort of internship doing something security related.The other route you could take is by getting the CISSP or CISA and firing out resumes to every entry-level and junior-level job you see posted.IMO, this is the stupid, but effective way to get your foot in the door. The networking through professors is the smarter, easier route.
The intel page for the i7-5820K literally says:Memory Types     DDR4 1333/1600/2133I was talking about DDR4, but thanks.
Yes and yes. While none of the professors have any interest/background in security thus far, I suppose I'll keep trying.
Yeah just like the CPU clock is 3.5Ghz and turbo is 3.9Ghz, but that doesn't mean you can't jack it up to 5Ghz or whateverstable
Raid 1 or 5 for 3x4tb wd red drives?
You're kidding, right?
5 is slow as ass without a high end hardware raid card
Why are so many random pictures getting deleted on /g/ atm? And why aren't they available on the archives, when the posts themselves are there I'm talking rbt.asia.
well, i made my way to get an OS that can boot in this netbook with the sd card, but im getting a problem pic related.Anyone know how to fix this?
No, the last 0.5 gigabyte of RAM is actually slower.
Are there any cheap capture devices that can grab single frames rather than video from a HDMI or DVI source? I'm after minimal delay rather than FPS.
kek
Where can I get a basic/beginner's understanding of Networking in regards to switches/routers, frames, ports, and all that good stuff.I know quite a bit about them all seperately, but I would like some short article or video just showing how everything interacts in an overall sense.I don't know if this makes any sense at all.
I can see it.
helped me when I took my first TCP/IP networking class, and the professor just jumped right into the details of things I had no idea about in the first place.
How's this parts list look?  The idea is to have a PC that's above average in power but doesn't need to able play games particularly well.  The BD drive and 16GB of RAM were specifically requested, by the way.  This is technically an upgrade, so I plan to take the boot HDD from the previous computer.
Why does my computer boot at avismal different time rates, today in the morning i turned it on, and it was 40seconds and i turned it off, so when i came back in the afternoon the boot time was reduced to 18 seconds, why does this happen? i'm running linux.
in a network whois, what does the inetnum, netrange, and CIDR represent?
Can you be more specific, like a screenshot or something?
I am trying to set up a computer at my girlfriend's place. She lives in a college residence. Would it be safe to set the network as a home network if it's behind a router?
I'm looking to start up a server PC for learning Linux and server/admin experience. I don't really understand servers or Linux on a level where getting a CLI-only distro would help me learn, so would just getting a desktop version of Debian work? Like can I get all the functionality of a server distro while on a desktop one, or how does that work?
Makes no difference
I'm debating moving over to Linux because I don't really play games anymore.What's a good version to bother with. Is Ubuntu still considered good?
Ubuntu Gnome
fucking around in Explorer, not paying much attentionaccidentally drag a folder into anotherby the time I realize what I did I can't figure out what went whereWat do?
You should be able to ctrl+z if you didn't exit out of Explorer yet.
I'm doing a end of term databases project for class, what's some smart stuff I can say/do.What I basically need to do is a semi-functional database for a hypothetical mailserver.
Actually, it should still work even if you did exit out.
Not really tech but I can't help myself right nowWhat's a good thing to do when you are bored that doesn't make you want to kill yourself? programming anime gamesWhat else can you do online?
Learn a language/instrument.It's not exactly fun bit its a good use of time.
You should play some eroge.
hijacking your questionwhat are things you can do on your computer when you have no internet access?my desktop has quite a lot of shit stored on it but my laptop is pretty bare apart from my important shit synced with owncloud
Download a bunch of eroge and play them later when your connection goes out.
could it ever be done so 2 kernals are run at once?obviously this isn't some beginner stuff, I know that, but this all theoretically speakingas in, an underlying blanket abstraction layer that permits by design windows HAL and ganoo/lunix or and BSD variant to be run as an extension of the new underlying HALit would function as DOS/WIN9X did, but, rather then DOS, you have the extensible layer which allows multikernel function. the underlying layer could handle basic virtualization/abstraction to prevent nowsub-kernel conflictstherefore, one could use it as a primary linux/whatever system, and still be able to have full compatibility, as the windows DLLs are there, running natively, with the only difference that the NT kernel is not 100% in charge of the machinethis would unify two competing systems, eliminating compatibility issues, and providing a more-but-not-less semi-alternative to windows, as it is still runningthis windows system could even be stripped down to basic functionality, leaving only what is necessaryin essence, you would only technically be running a single kernel new abstraction layer yet this would provide the functionality of morethis also brings:-shutting down a single kernel for updates/whatever the fuck, but still having no system downtimethe problem is complexity, but, this is a trivial problem that can be circumvented and shrunk down with good fundamental design and implementationwell designed code within a UNIX-based subsystem could be run by the host kernal natively, sent down and bearmettalledVMs exist, why have them bound to the host OS, why not have the VM system itself control the hardware? dual boot would be a thing of the pasttoday, it may remain impractical because VT is very taxing on most machines, but never forget how short it takes for tech performance to doubleno big business RnD is even needed, as for today, your computer is fully in your handshas it been done?
for what possible purpose?implying I want to play eroge
download shit for when connection goes outwatch/play shit I downloaded beforeu gay?
Is there any sort of program like this:Start program in Windows, all drives/partitions that are non-vital will dismount and then the system will be put into hibernation, and it will switch over to Linux with the drives that were still mounted in Windows locked.Start in Linux, do the same and hibernate, switch back to Windows quickly and protect the necessary Linux stuff so you can't fuck with it while hibernated.Then from here switch back and forth effortlessly between your two boot partitions without needing to reboot simply by hibernating the one in use and switching to the other.Does it exist?  If not how hard would it be to make?
not wanting to play erogeWhat are you, some kind of faggot?Even if you are, they make games for your type too.
Is there a Chrome version of this?
I don't know if eroge and VN's are the same thing but I do keep a few on my laptop, since the ones that run on renpy are light as fuck
further eliminating the need for Windows, unifying the whole system and opening the door for much more outside of our current limits of dual-booting/emulation within a single OSmy nigga
what are things you can do on your computer when you have no internet access?Code. Simple exercises without looking shit up. Grind those skills, git good.
I don't know shit about networking, how would I find out if someone else is jacking my internet? I'm on linux btw
I need to format some messed up pen drive on windows.. what is good, free, light yet powerful partitioning/formatting tool?
Hey /g/.I'm going to sell my XPS 15z to a friend. I wiped the hard drive last night with the Boot and Nuke ISO burned on a USB. Everything went well.I had another USB stick already primed with the Windows 8.1 installer, the very same I used for when I built my desktop a few months ago - so I'm certain it works.So after the wipe, I went ahead and turned off the laptop, plopped in the boot USB, went into the BIOS, yatta yatta, selected priority to be the USB device, which it *did* detect right there, it said "Kingston etc" listed under USB.So I save the changes and exit, and I sit there waiting for the installation logo to come up. Instead I'm greeted with pic related. I press Enter, I get it one more time, and then the whole "check cable connection! PXE - MOF: exiting intel PXE ROM"boot error. So it takes me back to the BIOS and I'm just sitting there confused. I google the issue and indeed I find some guy repairing laptops couldn't get a bunch of his XPS 15z to boot from USB. cont'd
You should be able to check MAC addresses that have accessed your router from somewhere in its settings.  Shouldn't be hard to compare those to devices you own.
I'd try booting from a different USB stick if you have one.  Some motherboards are picky about what media they will boot from.
cont'dSo I figure, "hey, let's just burn the Win7 ISO on a DVD and be done with it".And so I did. The problem though is that my laptop's DVD-Drive has been toast forever - so I'm using an external USB DVD-Reader. Which does light up and start with the computer, but which the BIOS doesn't detect, even after checking if USB Emulation is on it is, because I'm typing on a USB keyboard - the laptop's original one doesn't work because of a coffee spillage. I'm basically selling him this one cheap and he knows what he's gettingSo yeah. Doesn't want to boot either from a USB stick or from a DVD.Any ideas? I also checked and apparently the BIOS is updated to its latest verison, so it's probably not that. I read somewhere that removing the CMOS battery for 30 secs could do the trick, but I wanted to check with you guys first.
I'd only try the CMOS battery thing if you're sure this USB drive was bootable on that mobo before.  It's probably safer to just try a few other drives until you find one that works.
Never got n answer for this yesterday.So I droped my N5 in traffic and my friend sent me his old Note 2 with a custom rom already installed but without carrier unlocking it first. Before I go ahead a flash it to stock, is that necessary to unlock a phone? I already have an unlock code from AT&T, but it refuses to work.
Not sure if it's necessary but it's worth trying.
Hm. Alright, this sounds like a good idea. I'll use the Boot and Nuke USB for Windows 7, and report back to tell you what happened.I'm sure the Win8.1 USB was bootable on my desktop, but never tried it on that laptop so for all I know maybe the mobo is picky about it, like you saidWhat's the big deal about removing the CMOS, by the way? Just curious. I never really knew what it's for or how it can affect the rest of the system by being removed and placed again after a bit
Didn't you already use boot and nuke?  There's no reason to do it again.  Just format the drive if you have to.
I mean I'm going to use the same USB. I'm just deleting Boot and Nuke from it, and burning the Win7 ISO on it instead.
What's the big deal about removing the CMOS, by the way?It will cause the BIOS settings to reset to their defaults since they need a trickle of power to store their settings though I'd consider it a last resort since it's kind of sketchy and you can do the same from within BIOS settings anyway in most cases.Oh ok, yeah sounds like a good idea
I'm going to be filling up my server with 8 300GB 15K SAS drivers, IIRC the HP raid card it has can do 0 1 and 5, and I'm not sure if I can do nested RAIDwhat would be the best RAID option?in my head I would take the 8 drives and put 2 each in RAID 1, giving me 4 mirrored groups, and then put that into RAID 5server is a DL380 G5 and the card is a Smart Array P800
Would putting two modern SSDs into raid 0 really be a problem in terms of no TRIM support on my old ass and board? I don't care about data loss and jbod is a hassle.
Would a i3 3220 bottleneck a gtx 960?
Yes, don't do it.Get yourself at least an i5
VLC Help?I'm trying to watch mkv files which i've always been able to do easily with VLC. But 6 episodes into a series i'm getting tons of skipping and freezing as shown in pic related. What setting do i need to change to fix this? Or are my files corrupt?
Probably not? Maybe a little.
Since Daemon Tools has gone the way of the jew, what's a good replacement? I'd like to rip and create my own iso's as well as read them.
Use MPC-HC and see if it plays it. If not then the files are corrupted.
VLCFound your problem faggot.
An operating system that natively provides basic functionality
Poweriso. Get a torrent for it.
That's fine but, hella redundant, you might be better off not bothering with raid five, especially if you are backing up regularly, or can lose a day of uptime, but meh.
it's going to be basically a seedbox for the majority of the storage, but primarily the server is running esxi for various shit
Is a i7 4790k worth it? If i get one i want it to last for 5 years before a upgrade.
are there any registry hacks to change what the power button does for windows? windows has like 2 options but they suck.
Can I try Chrome OS in a VM? And where do I get it from?Google don't seem to provide an .iso or anything.
where do I get it from?You build Chromium OS
D:Can't I just download it from somewhere?
Is Pebble a good smartwatch?
bump
You can get a malware infested copy from people who built it themselves with some extras and distribute it on their shady sites
Well shit ;_;
besides microsoft security eentials, what other programs should I use to scan and get rid of virus?
Anyone? Google isn't really helping
PCPartPicker estimates the wattage of an Asus STRIX 980 to be 41W - 165W.
what are some good, simple programs/projects I can throw in my portfolio as a programmer looking to make himself more appealing? I have a few projects from college but they're really not related to programming, more web design.I've been teaching myself android app development but I can't think of anything useful to make.
depending on your current components 525 is either just enough or way too littleeither way I wouldn't trust a 980 to 525w for too longI was running a OC'd 8320 and 2 7950's on a antec 620w without any trouble, but I doubt it was having a good time
What are the best browsers to use for someone that uses addons particularly Adblock and exhentaieasy? I used to use Chrome but that motherfucker ate up ram like crazy, now I currently use Firefox and I'm fairly satisfied with it but I'm curious what your opinions are, /g/.
I bought a 64gb usb drive from the chinks since it was only 9 bucks When I got it I formatted it just because, eventually I noticed it was in fat32 so I formatted it to NTFS because bluray player doesnt like exfat. What Im noticing though is when I transfer shit over since i formatted to NTFS is that during the transfer it will hang. When it hangs my computer slows down and I lose my internet connection. After waiting a few minutes it all goes back to normal and transfers. What the fuck is going on?Also I notice almost 50% of the time the files just get corrupted. I put S04 of Modern Family 4gb and a few movies on it the other night. The only things that played were episodes 1-15 of Modern Family.How the fuck can i troubleshoot this or figure out whats going on?
you go faggot, now just make it just werk for everyone
Yeah. It does it because you have something open on the bottom of your screen, like a search bar or something.  It's running out of room then repositioning to the side, deciding there is enough room and toggling back and forth for some reason.Just maximize your window or shut the crap on the bottom on your window.  That always works for me.
it was only 9 bucksThat's why
You're already using it. The rest is placebo.
Should I ignore this update or download it?
What does this mean exactly and is it just a raw value glitch?
pls help
Okay, I'll upgrade then. What's a good psu manufacturer? Also I'm going from and amd card to an nvidia one, any steps I need to take like uninstalling drivers?
psuanything seasonic or silverstone, antec and corsair are good budget alternativesI got a antec HCP750 platinum for $110, which is almost a stealdriversa full reinstall of windows would be optimal but you can make do by uninstalling everything related in the control panel
Hi SQT,How do I make my computer have unified AND expandable storage? They seem to be mutually exclusive.Like, I have a single high capacity root partition. However, it's actually sitting on top of 5 drives, but I don't want to see that shit. I want a single root partition for simplicity's sake.I also want to be able to buy more drives and add them to the computer and instantly have that root partition factor in the new drive into its free space.Also, individual files are stored on individual hard disks so that if 1 of the drives fail, only the data that was on that drive is lost.How do I do it
Should your heatsink be able to slide around/twist a bit after you install it?Is it not secured right? Should I move it around to work the thermal paste around? Would that just scuff the surfaces up against eachother?Using a Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO if that matters, was practically free.
Also, individual files are stored on individual hard disks so that if 1 of the drives fail, only the data that was on that drive is lostThat's not how shit works. Your superblock needs to cover the entire partition. If a drive fails and the array stays up, you'd have no way of knowing which files are normal, or which files are now hanging inodes pointing to nothing.You *cannot* have a single volume that can handle sections of data being lostThat being said, look into zpools
I don't know, why can't I have something like a file system that sits at the top of many other file systems and tracks where all the shit is going? So under the hood I have 5 ext4 disks but I only see one root partition and the file system driver knows where every file is among those 5 disks and if one fails I know the exact damage and I can just mount them separately if I want to. And adding a disk should be simple conceptuallyDoes this not existI should probably think about backups too, I swear backups are like my weak spot, no solution is good enough
Does this not existNo. Nobody has designed a filesystem that adds huge amounts of overhead just for use with intended failures.Get a proper RAID solution with some redundancy
S-sorry how do I get into my router's settings? I'm trying to connect to localhost 127.0.0.1 but it just says connection error :
But RAID doesn't let me add random drives. I want to buy like, one high capacity hard drive every few months and work my way up to like 50 TBSurely you can see where I'm going with this
192.168.1.1 192.168.2.1192.168.254.254usually one of these three.
Sorry for the delay in reporting back, had to go run some errands before carrying on.Can't believe it, it actually was just as simple as switching USB stick. Thanks guys. I wouldn't have thought motherboards could be that picky.Got Win8.1 installing no problem now.
Use a zpool
But RAID doesn't let me add random drives.It can, it depends on your RAID card.
My brother is gonna give me an old chromebook of his. It's one of the cheap samsung ones with 2gb of ram and 16gb of space in it. I assume chromeOS is useless if not browsing the web so I must ask which linux distro would be the best to install in it considering I have never touched linux before.
google your routers default local adress and default user/pass
I have that cooler and it also could jiggle immediately after installing. I don't think it's an issue.
well what are you gonna be doing besides browsing the web?
crouton ubuntu onto it.
How do I get rid of this?
fyi, localhost is YOUR machine
Nah you shouldn't crouton it you can get better performance if you install linux on it straight I tried it myself. I have an acer c710
in 4chanx under filtering uncheck the box that says stubs, that should do it
How?
That didn't do anything except make the threads appear to me when I browsed the front page.I want that highlighted part gone so I don't even know those shitty threads are up.
Use some office programs and netbeans if possible. Maybe I can rice it if I'm bored enough
My almost 3 year old gpu broke so I sent it back. Gigabyte want to send me a replacement of a similar model, but I wanna get a refund so that I can upgradeI know that consumer law says I can demand my choice of replacement or refund but I don't know what to say, exactly. Help?I posted this same question in the gpu thread.
Been looking around for an answer, I've ordered an Asus MX259H , 25" monitor, and until my rig arrives, I have it connected to my laptop via HDMI. When this monitor is set to its default 1080p resolution, there exists a bezel surrounding the screen that I cannot for the life of me remove. The picture is also very dull compared to how it should be. Can anyone think of a reason why? Perhaps a solution? I will be forever grateful
Where Can I find something like Apple trackpad but for Windows? Just a damn trackpad that's bluetooth enabled.
That's reassuring, thank you.
you realize the refund will be for current market value not original price right?
I just really, really, really need a light laptop that I can put linux on. I don't care about gaymen or really any sort of really intensive stuff. I just want something light weight that I can put in my backpack, that can boot up quickly, and maybe has a screen that won't make me want to throw myself off a bridge. I'm running Arch on a chromebook right now, and it's basically exactly what I need except the damn thing only has 16 gigs of storage.
Check your overscan settings?
Apple trackpads work fine with windows
I know.I don't want to pass on anything, though. I wanna see all my options before I decide.
Should I, or can I, put code up on GitHub that I might just be able to profit from eventually?Got a cool idea but not sure how licensing or any of that works.
i just need some cheap chinese shit for my cheap tablet. apple trackpad is overkill
It stretches it a little, but worsens resolution and doesnt even cover most of the forced bezel. Im low-key freaking out over this. I know it sounds retarded, but Ive got it in my head that the graphics in this laptop are choking my monitor and it wont allow it to operate at its full potential. Doesnt make sense, but tis the only way I can rationalize this...
No, GitHub makes the code public unless you're a student or have a paid account.Also it's hard to prosecute software fraud.
You can put whatever license you want on it, but a public repo is public, and once it's public, it's there. Assume it's forever.  You can make money off of it, but the source is open.
There are overscan settings on both computers and monitors, btw.
Do batteries have a "break in" period my phones battery seemed to last no time when i first got it but now it seems to last an eternity
But people say firefox has DRM and is botnet and shit
believing the /g/ bullshit about browsers
I want a simple but effective mouse.And a headset that also that works well for listening to things.
nigga why
idk
So I'm changing my my router security from wep to wpa/wpa2 but there's this option for "group key update period" and it's default value is 0.What is this and what would be a recommended value?
Just leave it at 0, it probably means auto.
I think it's how often it will re-query connected devices for the password. If I'm right, it's not really important.but hey, change it to something crazy and see what happens!
Why does it take forever to load images only on 4chan? Pictures that are less than 100kb even take a while to load. Using ccd0's 4chan X and Firefox 38.0.5. Pic related are my addons.
Not a single person on /g/ is qualified to make any assessments about browsers, and anyone using the word "botnet" is immediately disqualified from claiming any technical knowledge whatsoever.
So ubuntu it is then? I considered it at first but I remember hearing it had some amazon adware shit on it, I assume I can remove it or does it not come with it anymore.
it's disabled by default now if it's even still there, and really all it was was a unity lens that made your desktop search results include shopping results from amazon
So I guess i'll install ubuntu unless mint is also worth considering
mint is just ubuntu without having to check a box to install codecs and shit during install.  the only real reason to go with mint is if you want to try out cinnamon or mate without having to set it up from scratch
Does anyone know how to run a script at boot in Cyanogen 12? Putting scripts in /system/etc/init.d/ doesn't seem to work, and neither does putting them in /data/loca/userinit.d/
lastpassThat's suboptimal.Anyways, post your speedtest.net results.
I guess I might as well try out different DEs
When I start my desktop, the HD starts and the fans come on, but my monitor doesn't get any signal from the computer. After trying a different monitor and cord, is there anything else I should do before assuming my motherboard is dead?
where to find coundom?
If i root my phone will it reset everything like apps and settings and shit or is that only if you install a custom rom/recovery?
does lua have something like a time operator, were I can make things only do stuff for a certain amount of time, and after a certain amount of time something happens
make sure all your shits plugged in to the mobo and nothing that needs to be is left out and hell reseat some plugs and ram and shit. Try running with only 1 ram stick etc
what fabric should I reupholster my computer chair with?
velvet
Should I use KeepassX or Keepass2?I use a windows desktop and a linux laptop.
Currently at 62.28/5.39 Mbps that should be at 100 down, but peak hours. Though this happens all the time though regardless what time of day it is.
Rooting your phone does not reset everything. Overwriting your operating system aka "installing a custom ROM" will reset everything.
Try running firefox in safe mode.If it increases performance drastically, go back into regular mode and disable your addons one at a time, each time in between testing to see your performance opening pictures. If safe mode doesn't help, you're dealing with a problem outside of firefox.
Grab the Nexus 6 while it's on sale or the Zenphone 2 and wait for the Note 5 launch?
How can I change my IP?The stupid janitors keep banning me because they claim I'm behind a proxy even though I'm literally from Mexico.I don't even know how to use a proxy.Wat do?
you'll need an async library
How can I change my IP?Use a proxy.
what about something more durable/less difficult to clean and costs less than 15-20 per yard
So my friend my really hot friend that I want to fug thinks because I study CE that I know how to make websites and has asked me to make her a website for her clothing brand thing.I literally know nothing about HTML apart from like 3 tags I learned in highschool, all I know is intermediate C and linuxAm I in over my head or is the learning curve not that big if you stick to it? I heard making web pages was really easy nowadays. Also, some resources would be great, specially on the networking end since I also don't want to be useless and this could be a very fun project where I could learn something.The website she wants is basically just a catalog with pictures/prices/add-to-cart type stuff if it matters at all.
if i reduce the size of a partition, will it erase everything on the partition?i was thinking about dual-booting linux
If you use cable you can try unplugging you're modem, then change your router's mac address most new routers have this option, then plug modem back in.
Why don't you hire somebody to do that?
I guess that would be my best option.Already tried unplugging for an entire night and it didn't work.
Why doesn't she hire somebody? She told me she has no money. And why would I pay for her site, I ain't getting cucked again.
Suppose that I want to keep track of me mums pc.What programs should i Install?
Does she like you? I was suggesting that so you can get points and impress her.Otherwise tell her you're too busy with many projects or something.
Hey guys.How do I change my useragent on Firefox to specific websites like 4chan?
I don't have any real webdev experience, but since nobody else is answering your question I'll give it a shot.Static HTML/CSS is extremely easy. If she just wanted to display stuff you could probably spend a weekend writing it from scratch and have a site that's "good enough". For a clothing brand, though, you probably want the site's graphic design to be pretty good, and that's the hardest part, I find, of making static web pages. There are tools that are supposed to help you write HTML, but as far as I can tell they all suck.For a web store you'd need to have some kind of server application, i.e. a program that generates the HTML/CSS that the user sees, to keep track of people's carts, to accept payments, to notify the owner of when and where things need to be shipped, and so on.I run a website a webmail client that's based on open source PHP application. It is way more complex than anything I could have easily developed myself, and deploying it was very simple. You might try to see if there's an open source web application that will do what you need. I don't know of one, though. Writing one yourself in a short amount of time with no experience seems like a long shot, but it might not be impossible.
making a site with weebly is braindead easy, that's what you should go for if you don't want to have to learn shit to actually make something. depending on which plan you buy you can also add a webstore. The interface is drag and drop, and super easy, and you can optionally edit the HTML/CSS if you want
the first review.The other user-agent switchers didn't seem to allow site-specific spoofing
tried it, doesn't do anything
Sup /SQT/.Got a Razer Naga Molten, from back in 2012. Thing's so busted that LMB has developed a sweet spot. Point is, I've grown dependent on the 12 buttons by my thumb, for weapon switching in CS:GO and GMOD, as well as troll binds because twelvie tears are delicious and easy to extract.Anyway, I've been thinking of buying the Razer Naga Epic Chroma. The 12 keys are now mechanical, which is going to feel much better. The 8200dpi is great too, as I am reliant on mouse acceleration to make up for the shortfall in speed. But all my friends say Razer is a bad choice.I'm asking today, what would be the best alternative in the same pricerange? I've done a bit of googling, and I looked at the G502 Proteus Core. The price is nice, but I'm concerned about the lack of buttons. There just isn't enough of them for me,On an unrelated note, do you guys think that Google gets all these food photos for reCAPTCHA from instagram?
Note this cannot control the native User-Agent string used by JavaScript e.g. navigator.userAgent.I'm guessing it's that.
How do I set GNOME 3.14 to always open pdfs with okular or set certain programs for certain applications in general? Guides online look different at this stage of the menu. there's a default programs menu but it's threadbare and pretty much only lets me set my music ,video or web browser application.ubuntu 15
Someone explain to me the differences and relationships between a font, a font face, a typeface, a character set and an encoding.
Is razer shit?
Yeah, they are a bit bad. My keyboard, a Lycosa Mirror, had a broken cable after about 6 months. My naga molten lasted 3 years though. I'm getting the chroma series because autism
can a gtx 660 power a 4k monitor at 30hz?
is there somewhere I can browse website templates, download the full template in a zip file maybe to open it in adobe muse and make changes to it?
I have a list of installers, are there some programs that would automate the install process of these? I dont really want to do it by hand all the time.
Is video download helper any good?
What's the difference in all programming languages?Every programmer I know has different versions of which one is better but I see no difference so far in several languages.Are they really different at all?
So since I have social anxiety + depression + ADHD, I'm going through this vocational rehabilitation place to help me get into work since I'm pretty useless when it comes to minimum wage customer service jobs. We're going to start working on my job plan soon and I'm figuring I should probably aim for something in IT to support myself while I'm taking Uni classes. Seeing as they'll be paying for my ceritfication I'm wondering what certificates I should aim to get? I'm wanting to aim for something higher than an A+ and a Network+ seeing as it's all going to be paid for and going over practice quizzes I'd already pass the A+ and Network+ with minimal studying so I'll probably get those but I'm wondering if there's anything else I should look into.Or is there maybe another thing I can aim for that takes ~6 months to complete and starts at ~$30 USD or more an hour?
There is no better language.There is just a best language for a certain job.
I'm late but could you adblock the element?
Write a shell script to do it. Also see how many installers you have would be covered by Ninite. This might also be of use too: 
depends which ones you're talking about. Programming languages got different purposes.Do you have something more specific ?
Are the new models of rpis a viable way to host a website/mail server for a small business?Site isn't expected to have too much traffic
only overpriced.
yesdon't buy a 30hz though, no matter how cheap it is you'll regret it in time
I put Crunchbang on an Asus M4N75TD and GTS 250, ran sensors-detect, added acpi_enforce_resources=lax to GRUB so it87 works, but none of the pwms controls my GPUs fan speed. How do I calm the bugger down?
can windows 7 be faster than 8.1? if i used classic theme?
Can I write windows 8.1 onto some 700mb CD-R disks to install the OS onto other people's computers? Or did it have to be DVD-RW disks?
No unless someone makes a minimal installation like Tiny7.Windows 8.1 is already much faster than Windows 7 out of the box
What's the deal with Seagate drives?
do computers age? my pc feels like its slow now compared to before. is it software becoming bloated now? i barely install shit anymorewhat slows down a pc?
Couldn't I throw it into a few disks to make it like  a 3 part installation? I take it I can't use a micro SD or external HDD as a live USB... What if I hook up the harddrive into my main PC as a secondary drive? Could I install the OS onto the secondary drive and then transfer it to the new system as the boot drive? I have a feeling this gets asked all the time...
How do I get 4chan to keep the same filename of the pic I'm saving instead of the list of numbers?
When i upgrade to windows 10 will i be able to pass from 32bit to 64bit?
Why is this allowed?
dude, borrow a ~8 GB thumb drive and download Rufus, it's a GUI for making bootable USBs from ISO files
I've been using a Logitech G700/G700s replaced with the 700s when I accidentally fucked up the G700 by trying to clean it with rubbing alcohol and shorting it and it's pretty great.  Lots of programmable buttons like what you posted but in much more ergonomic positions, really comfy mouse.  Much cheaper than that thing too.
nvm installing closed source drivers fixed itfreedom btfo

They fail
I have dual monitors, sometimes after i log in there is like a 10% chance that this happens. Wat do?
Anyone know how to install alsi on arch Linux? It's not a pacman package, and after cloning it from github it give me some bs error about Perl libraries
it's in the AUR
Yes software is the main cause, cache files, startup scripts, etc.. also a bad folder structure and high levels of fragmentation are other 2 factor that affect speed, mostly fragmentation. If it's too slow is better to format and reinstall the OS anew, otherwise to avoid formatting you can use various manteinance tools, like defrag, ccleaner and adwcleaner. Windows defrag is shit by the way, any other program is better.Install Memory Fox addon, it will bottleneck the FF memory usage, I got like 30 addons and it never went over 500MB since I use that addon, 400MB average.
Currently have /root, /home, and swap partitions occupying a 65 gb SSD. 10 gb memory, swap is like 5 gb. Today I tried to open a rather large data file in matlab that caused it to fill up both the ram and swap, after which it crashed.So I need to make the swap larger, but there isn't really much space to do it on the SSD. My options are to either shrink my /home partition to 5gb and then make the swap 20gb, or to put the swap on a 2tb data drive. Hopefully that'll be enough, otherwise matlab a shit and I just process all my data in gdl, which doesn't seem to have this same problem I think. Haven't actually tried it out on this machine yet, but it does a much better job on my laptop that matlab on the desktop. Thoughts? Seems a little weird that matlab needed that much memory in the first place. The data file is big, but it's just under 3 gb!
How do I install Linux and which one should I install?
Our records show that you recently contacted or received messages from huazairy through eBay's messaging system. We’re writing to let you know that an unauthorized third party may have compromised this member's account security.welp
Where can I find some practice tests for networking certs? or any IT certs in general.
should I install win10 preview instead of 8.1 at this point for a fresh install? good enough? i just use basic software and play games like cs etc.. anything devestating i should worry about if i instal 10?
Trying to install Debian on a Macbook Pro 2,2 , and I need some help.I had CentOS 6.6 on this thing before, and it installed just fine. Single boot, completely wiped OS X partition, no trickery needed to get it to work. I just put the DVD in, installed, and then booted straight into CentOS.Debian's not going to hot though. Every time I install, when I try to boot the fresh installation, i'm just left with a black screen with a blinking "_", almost like a command prompt, but I can't enter anything.I think it's because Debian installs Grub, but I honestly don't know much about how these boot things work. Help greatly appreciated!Oh, and disc 2 of the OS X installation DVD set that came with the computer is all fucked, so trying to reinstall OS just gets me stuck with an installation failed message, so I really need to find a way to make this work D:
also is there a way to prevent cmd windows from closing or capturing their output?use pause at the end of the batch file.
Is everything here going to work?I've been wanting a dual cpu system for awhile and I've decided to finally build one.MotherboardCooler
why are yify's movies so small in size? i honestly feel that he lowers the quality of the movie to reduce the file size or is it just placebo that since the file size is so low the quality must be too, is bigger really better?
he does some special tricks to get the filesize lower, aside from a lower bitrate and resolutionbigger files are not necessarily better, since someone could have uploaded a really shitty rip at a high bitrateinb4 flame war over yify
choose a distribution,download the iso on their websiteburn it to a CD or a usb keygo to the partitioning tool of windowsdecrease the space of your windows partitionboot on the cd/usb try the distribution if it give you the optionif you like the ui, and want to spend more time using it daily, install itfind tutorials that explain the next steps, but a retard can install linux. which one should I install?fedora; opensuse, debian, arch, gentoo, *buntu.
i need a download to the the latest possible windows 7 iso pleaseany with the latest updates so i dont need to install windows updatesanyone know? thanks!
you can slipstream updates into a ISO but I don't know of any guides that are recent
Yify rippers are bunch of cheeky cunts. Avoid if you can. Yify rips decrease bitrate which results in terrible quality after the first half of the movie. They keep the quality good for some time so they can make good looking screenshots.
anyone has a rasperry pi? How good does arch run on it, also screensize 1080p a factor for it?
Anyone got that anti gayman rig build pic kicking around? Wanted to focus on a minimalist build, but just enough to run SteamOS.
So I built a new computer and as usual there's always one thing I forget to check and fuck up on. This time I forgot to check the connectors on the GPU. It only has miniHDMIx1, miniDPx3 and DVIx1. I have three monitors. One is plugged into the DVI. The other is a DVI cable plugged in to a DVI-miniDP adapter. Both of these monitors are working fine. My third monitor though only has VGA and HDMI, because it's some shitbox TV, not an actual computer monitor seriously, this nigger has 1360x768 resolution. Not a typo. It's 6 pixels off standard 1366x768. I used to have the VGA cable plugged into a DVI adapter to get it in to my old GPU. I bought two DVI-miniDP adapters, so right now it's a VGA cable, plugged into a DVI adapter, plugged into a miniDP adapter, plugged into the GPU. Assuming nothing is faulty, is there any reason why this wouldn't work? Some limitation I'm not aware of? I want to know before I start swapping cables and adapters around to check they're not faulty.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention that currently the TV/Monitor thing gets no signal on the VGA input, that's why I'm asking, in case you can't tell from the context.
amd card? needs active converter
It's a GeFroce GTX 970.
anyone?
bump
I spilled water on my laptop, immediately turned it off and unplugged it, then let it dry off for ~12 hours. It will turn on now and the power lights go on but nothing else comes on. Should I just bring it in for warranty or is there something I can do?
And I five second Google search suddenly solved my proble. Truly a stupid question.
Uses for an old 32gb Iphone4?
A phone
Bought a new phone, only have one sim card.
using ubuntu 10.04 on my thinkpadccd0's 4chanX isn't working on firefox 20, even with greasemonkey 1.15how do I get it to work?
What are some good books to learn about operating system programming?Preferably with a focus on assembly language
I'm considering building a new computer, but won't be until around August because I'm have the money then with more hours, pay rise ectI've not put on the RAM as a friend gave me a 8GB DDR3 kit he got to keep in an order mixup.This isn't a for definite build, but just trying to get an idea of what prices are and what I can expect performance wise. I'm aiming to make something quick, compact and relatively quiet. From what I've seen, the 980 should handle things like GTA V max settings, 1440p as well as other games. It also will do 4K very well in case I decide to go for 4K at some point. I have a question though. When should I buy the parts and build it? Apparently Skylake and 390 series are coming out soon and 980TI's are hitting the market, so this could decrease the price of the parts by a small amount, right?
It helps if you order two Xeon's for a dual CPU system.Out of interest, why are you building a dual CPU system?
Also, anything I should change or consider?
just make sure that the mobo supports the specific type of ram your friend gave you, and if you're not buying it all at once to be shipped together but getting it in bits and pieces or from different places, I would get the hdd from a local brick and mortar store rather than having it shipped by itself and letting ups/fedex play football with it and have it arrive doa
Yep RAM is OK. And I live in the UK and I've ordered hard drives online before and they've been fine with Royal Mail, but Amazon now use their own delivery service or contract it out to someone else and they haven't been doing the best of jobs apparently, so if I see any good deals or the price difference isn't that much, I might as well get it from a local store.
It helps if you order two Xeon's for a dual CPU system.I'm buying 2 but I didn't have that on the screenshotOut of interest, why are you building a dual CPU system?because I've always thought it would look cool, and if I'm getting a 2011-3 based system I might as well go full retard
I'm looking for a program that will let me manage my video collection, both films and porn. Something with tags and playlists and all that shit, preferably queryable.Does it exist?
kodi?
the stack after the 4 pushes, is710215here is where i get confusedveclt = intVector.begin;is begin 7 or 15?assuming it is 7,veclt becomes 10 after an iteration.10 gets erased so the stack becomes7215then 7 gets popped so the stack becomes215thenbegin is 2end is 15is this right?
I'm soon moving to a dorm and I'll only be able to bring a laptop with me. This means I'll need to find some kind of cloud service to store most of my entertainment. Is Mega good?
This board was always stupid, right?
cloudmegaif you have unlimited money you could get a massive SSD and store everything on it, then not give a shit about harming it
if you have unlimited moneyI don't, and I don't feel like carrying extra drives around either. I might get an external drive a while after I've settled in, though.
an external drive would be best and the cheapesthow much 'entertainmet' are we talking about here?
A few hundred gigabytes.

Is it a good time to upgrade my CPU?Still rocking my i7 930, kinda want to upgrade for rendering purposes and my MOBO does run in a few problems when under heavy load.Nothing too big but it gets annoying after a while.Anything to look forward to this year?
Exactly how much knowledge or experience do you need for an entry level programming job? Is it possible to get one with only basic knowledge?I just graduated with a degree in physics but it had very little programming. I'm working on it in my spare time and ideally I'd like to get an entry level developer job where I can learn even more and gain experience, while getting paid.
Are extended warranties a waste?
is it worth upgrading from a gtx 660 to an r9 290x?
if you've got the right motherboard slap a x5650 in thereplatforms are starting to become dated, skylake might be worth upgrading tounless you expect to keep it for the duration of the warranty noyes, if you want to spend $300 right before amd comes out with the 3xx seriesOC the right 290x and it can hold its own against even a 980 in some cases
Planning on making some sort of terraria clone Will game maker be good enough to do that?I want to keep most of the basic features of the game and I want to know if it is possible to do everything terraria does in game makerI want to learn c++ but I also want to start making it a soon as I can so I dont keep putting it off until later. So I was thinking of maybe learning coding while I make rather than before I make.
When's skylake coming out?when i'm going to upgrade i'd probably go big, as in i'm actually considering the 4790k right now because of its ridiculous performance.
thank you!where I live EU it is 500$, but still... wouldn`t the prices of all cards be rising because everyone has put the upgrading on hold?
how do i enable the mic on this earbuds i have?i fiddled with the playback devices a bit but no luckalso tried on a laptop and it worked there
wouldn`t the prices of all cards be rising because everyone has put the upgrading on hold?they'll be falling so they can clear out old stockIIRC there's 2 kinds of TRRS, apple and samsung, and they don't work together very wellI think towards the end of this year
Is a cheap chromebook i know fine for strictly doing school work? I have a very tight budget for a laptop and want something portable and quick to use
Thank you! Have a good day, sir!
I'll only be able to bring a laptop with meWhat the hell kind of restriction is that?Is the desk going to literally be one square foot or something?
Ok, so I got Debian running finally on this POS, and i'm having some new problems.Seems like I can't boot unless I nomodeset in grub. OK, whatever, probably just missing drivers.It also seems like my repo list is rediculously small. I can't seem to find nginx, emacs or linux-firmware-nonfree when I do apt-get install or apt-cache search!
I'm having trouble finding a decent CPU fan, I'm not really interested in Corsair's water cooling stuff because I can just sense that fucking up at some point down the line. Heard the coolermaster's decent but it tends to jiggle and it's fucking massive. Any suggestions?
Ah, better hold out until then, thanks mate!
Just received my Seagate external HD. I connect the HD and there is dashboard installer among other stuff. Do I have to install this? It's also asking me to register. I don't know what the fuck is going on anymore.
Will a Braun 130 be able to replace my cheap old Phillips?I know it's not a very good shaver but it's cheap and my Phillips one was just as cheap 25 or 30 eurosBut will it atleast be better than an equally cheap Phillips?
is this still bumping or not?
Is there any way to extract photographs from a .thumbdata3 file that is not manually?
No. I guess I'll just use Mega.
What are some of the best gaming laptops out there right now?
Selling my 770 for $170.  Am I asking too much or is the pricing fair?
, 
Greetings /g/, I'm starting a new job in three weeks that requires me to travel pretty frequently. From what I've observed the company's prerty invested in Google's ecosystem, so I'm looking to buy a sturdy chromebook.Are their any "premium" chromebooks aside from the $900 Pixel? Dropping a grand on a laptop isn't what I had min mind, but I fear my only other alternatives are cheap plastic Toshiba and acer machines.
travel pretty frequentlyusing a laptop that turns into a brick without a network connection
If you need to join the botnet, just get the pixel. The two USB-c ports are nice.If you think you can get away with not using a chromebook which I'd recommend, get a thinkpad. Not even memeing.
chromebooks don't get you anything extra for being lol google. If you are heavily invested in google services it makes it about an equal choice with macOS/windows/linux machinesPixels are nice but if you don't want to drop a grand there aren't your only option for nice hardware
The Toshiba 2 is fine for the price.I'm not entirely sure why your company being embedded into the google ecosystem means that you need a Chromebook though, google isn't like apple. You can access all their services without having one of their devices just fine.
People at Google use Macs, google it up , get a MacBook Pro 13"
Google Pixel has the sexiest laptop design everis a chrome book;_; why god.
If ram and ssd weren't soldered on the board, it wouldn't be that bad. But they are so you can't do shit with it. This thing would make a sexy Linux laptop.
they fucked up with the pixel. chrome os is and will be a failure. but the pixel looks nice
He doesn't have Linux installed on Chromebookare you retarerd?
I wouldn't use chrome OS anyway. Swap ssd and install linux would be my way to go. But since you can't swap the ssd obviously since google wants you to use the magical cloud, fuck the cloud there isn't that much room for a full fledged linux distro.
i think it's a nice buy for work purely considering the 4:3 display
want a new laptop with a high-density 4:3 LCD for drawing and workonly this soldered shitbrick and the surface existGood thing I have this rare non-defective X61 tablet with the IPS display, no competent 4:3 stuff will come for years.
Let's try something /g/. Tell me what OS you use, your primary machine, your job and age.OS - Windows 8.1 Primary Machine - Gayming desktop I built myselfJob - StudentAge - 24 years old
lets not
This thread is gay. But I'm exactly the same but 26 and work as a cook on top of school.
OS: Human Instincts hmc.vervex.ca, 21st Century StandardPrimary Machine: Human Biology, 21st Century StandardJob: Career StudentAge: 21
at least give us sauce on your image in return
The pic of the thread is from avatar transform??? I love that hentai :3
OS - XubuntuPrimary Machine - ThinkPadJob - Full time Tier 1 IT Help desk for the Department of Agriculture, hoping to get into the DoD with a few more certs. Also I'm a full time Comp. Info Systems major student. I have to take night classes because of this.Age - 21No matter how successful I get I will always feel empty and loveless.
Fuck off, NSA.
Job - Studentso, do you have a job or not?
OS - ArchPrimary Machine - Thinkpad T420Job - IT SecurityAge - 25

OS: Personal: OSX 10.10. Work Laptop: Windows 10. Development Machines: All Server 2012. And I hate my life for using winblowz, but I have to.Primary Machine: I'll take that as favorite. My team has a few blade servers with 256gb of ram and xenons.Job: Data ScienceAge: 22
Avatar something
Windows 8.1Vaio proOffshore mechanical engineer27
OS - Xubuntu 15.04Primary Machine - M4A88TI, X4 635, 8GB + GTX 460Job - Junior Sys adminAge - 26
Holy shit me too! but 19 and cook fried chicken for black people
8.kekgaymen desktopstudent21
OS: OpenBSDMachine: 5 Years old desktopJob: CS studentAge: 23

Oh ya my pc:AMD 8320 @3.5 Ghz16Gb Gskill sniper series ram @ 1866 MhzGTX650 2Gb ddr3Assrock Fatility 990 ATX mbCorsair CX500 psu160Gb WD greenCooler master green 120mm led fan
OS - OS X Primary - MacBook Pro non-retinaJob - Cell phone salesAge - 18
piss off autismo 2000
OS - win 10Primary Machine - MITX 3570k/270x/8gb ram/512 gig ssdJob - fulltime student/full time HVAC technicianAge 20
So how's windows 10 working out for you
OS:  Arch Linux/OpenBSDPrimary: MATX Prodigy A10-7870k 16GB RAMJob: Student and InfoSec TempAge: 19
just fine
OS: Windows 7 / ArchPrimary Machine: self built Gay-men desktop™Job - Shitty part time grocery store stocker man guy while in uniAge - 19
OSDebian and Trisquel.MachineCheap HP netbook thing that is powered by phone hardware.JobOfficially a student, but 99% of my time is being a depressed 'repressed' tranny, practically a NEET.Age20 in MayEh
Is it full of ads, I've been hearing horror stories about it
OS - Windows 7 UltimatePrimary Machine - ASUS Notebook primary machine and a HP PavilionJob - Supermarket managerAge - 29 years old
Os- windows 7Machine- gayming PC I buildAge- 22Job- manager at a shipping container yard
Tell me what OS you use, your primary machine, your job and age.OS - OSX 10.10.3Primary Machine - Self built desktop Hackintosh and a 2014 13 inch Macbook airJob - Civil EngineerAge - 21 Years old
Arch300$ destitute pc buildNEET19
99% of my time is being a depressed 'repressed' tranny, practically a NEETyou okay buddy?
You getting any grey hairs, old man? You balding yet, old man? How many grandkids you got, old man? OLD MANNo but really let's find the oldest person on /g/ right now.
no ads here
OS - Windows 8.1Primary - Custom built. 2500k @4.4GHz, 280X, 8GB RAM, 64 GB SSD, 1TB HDDJob - Student lawAge - 21
qbittorrentyou've already got the qt libraries, might as well install gentoo.
 OSWindows 7 Primary Machine3770k | GTX 680 | 16GB G.Skill Trident | Intel 530 Series 240 GB SSD | 2x2 TB WD Black | Asus PB278QR JobNone, right now Age22 OthersI'm a girl
I'm a girlNo one cares, tranny.
Why would he ruin an otherwise fine computer by doing that?
OSgentoo no reallyPrimary Machinethinkpad x230tJobneetAge23
you okay buddy?Not really. I play it cool for when people ask though.I left the house for the first time in a month the other day though, so I'm running on that high at the moment.
Windows 8.1Self-Built PC with a 2600, 16GB of RAM, and a 680Student19 years of age
OSOS X YosemiteMachineMac MiniOccupationSocial Justice WarriorAge19
OSDebianPrimary MachineSome shitty old emachineJobField supervisor for my construction companyAge43
 warrior mini:^
'repressed' trannyIsn't all of /g/ like thisI must be mistaken
i recognize op's pic.it's from that 1 erotic manga w/ the trap [featured in pic] & the futanari chick. they both played this silly game where their avatars had sex, & then they really had sex in his room.it's really cliche'd i don't recommend it
It was hot.
well, i know i'm a weirdo like that
OSWindows vista - 8.1 + misc dedicated Linux distrosPrimary Machinepic with a few VM'sJobStudent/retail scumbagAge19
I have several desktops and laptops actually.OS: windows 7Primary machine: an i5 mini-ITX desktop I builtJob: truck driverAge: 40
OS - Windows 8.1Primary Machine - 3 y/o HP PavilionJob - Instrument Guy for a land surveying firm/CS studentAge -21
Kali Linux 1.1.0aPrimary machine - Desktop -gtx650ti, 2600k sandy bridge, nothing that greatJob: Software designer/SysadminAge - 23
gentooself-built machine with 770 and 3570kjewsquad23
LONDONONDON
w8.1gayming rig I built.on college currently. No job.23.I play an awful lot of ETS2. How similar is it to an actual truck?
OS - YosemitePrimary Machine - Mac ProJob - Physics and Mathematics StudentAge - 20
OS - Windows 8.1, Arch and ManjaroPrimary Machine - Gayming desktop I built myselfJob - None/StudentAge -19
OS - Linux Mint for work / Win8.1 for gaming at homeComputer - work issued Dell laptop / built my own gaming rigJob - Linux Server EngineerAge - 27
I only tried ETS once a couple years ago, and no idea which version it was. Based on that, I'd say not very similar
Debian TestingSelf builtUnemployed 28
OSw7Primary Machine2500k, r9 290x, 8gigs of ram, 120gb ssd, 3.5tb hddsJobneet/freelance translator/student/gardenerAge20
OS - Windows 7Machine - ThinkPad T530Job - Student, first year analyst internAge - 21
OS - Ubuntu and Lubuntu at home. Win 7 at workPrimary Machine - 4690k, GTX960, 8gb ram, SSD, yada yada yadaJob - Hospital Claim EditorAge - 26
Job: Data ScienceBut doing what / where?
wangblows 7 because no 4500mhd drivers for 8.1T400in school, part-time maintenance at marina19main server at home runs esxi for vm's, desktop will be running 8.1 when I can afford to upgrade it
OS - OpenSUSE because I am not a giant macfag like the rest of my classmates.Primary Machine - Don't have one, usually I hop between three, but if I have to choose one, I'd say my laptop since I spend a fuck ton of time in the Cisco labs at my college.Job - StudentAge - 23 years old
OS - Windows XPPrimary Machine - Dell Optiplex GX620Job - UnemployedAge - 30

you will never be a cute girl sucking a futa cock
I've learned to copeI await the day when I can hook my brain up to a computer and do whatever the fuck I want
Windows 7 Ultimate on all my machinesHave a laptop, desktop and old desktop I use for some game server hosting all running W7 ultimate. I'm a paramedic. 23 y/o.
What? I'm from Ukraine and also live in Ukraine.
48/[rsk8N4kxMz is my root password.
Job - StudentAge - 24 years old
OS: Windows 7 ProPrimary Machine: 5 year old out of date gaming PC. Job: JournalistAge: 23 years oldAn upgrade is out of the question right now seeing as I'm making $28k a year working 55-60 hours a week with no OT.
Journalist
• OS X Yosemite• 2015 rMBP 15"• iOS Engineer• Mid 20sConsidering building a hackintosh tower, but I'm not sure if such a thing is really necessary since the only way my rMBP lacks power is its GPU, which barely matters since I don't game.
no bully
OSWindows 8.1Primary MachinePre-built Gaming DesktopJobAlly of justice!Age27
Ever heard of grad school?
OS - Win 8.1Primary Machine - Muscle PC I put together.Job - None StudentAge - 21
tfw 25 years old and still in colleg-oh wait i'm a grad student
Student is not a job, except maybe if you're getting paid to go to grad school
it's an occupation, for which "job" is an accepted shorthand. If you want to be a pedant, go do it in the corner of a room by yourself.
Fuck you I got dubs
the only redeeming quality of your post.
that was dangerously close to trips and therefore trumping his dubs.
Windows 8.1 Pro.Self-built Gaymen Desktop.Freelance tech guru.I fill in 18-2x on forms.
debian wheezyintel celeron 450 @ 2.2ghz, 2gb ram, integrated - intel graphics 32mb vram suicide thought professional and aka jobless loser19
xubuntu/thinkpad35 - programmer/leader
I think its one of the most rewarding careers out there.
Is that why you can't afford anything
OS - Android LinuxPrimary machine - nexus 9Job - studentAge - 20Don't need a desktop or laptop because they're obsolete
Wangblows 7Gaymen pcLab TechPic related

OS - Trisquel LinuxPrimary Machine - Thinkpad w/librebootJob - ActivistAge -  62
go away rms

linuxlinuxlinux
what is this mere "Linux" you speak of?
OS - Arch, Windows 7 for the occasional gaming session. Which isn't often because TF2 runs fine on Linux and I don't play many games these daysPrimary Machine - Self built from about 5 years ago. Shit I need a bloody SSD.Job - Receptionist at a hotel. Aspirations of getting a degree at some point in badassery CS, philosophy or anthropology so I can leave this piece of shit job behind.Age - 20
Avatar Trans.  it's bretty good
arch linuxprogrammer/devops33
OSOS X Yosemite & Windows 7Machine15" MacBook Pro 2011 & Custom Built DesktopJobStudent, but currently doing contracted programming work as wellAge20
OS - Windows 8.1 ProPrimary Machine - Gaymen Desktop i built myselfJob - IT Technical Support AnalystAge - 21 years oldSalary - 50K going up to 55 in 5 months
Fellow TG fag eh? Always nice to see you folk outside of /d/
dat img
OSArchlinux / LXDE with some xfce libraries.Primary MachineHomemade system and an ATI shit top.JobCorporate bureaucracy slave.Age27
OS- KubuntuPrimary Machine- Asus x502cheap laptopJob- Italian Autist, /int/ shitposterAge- 23
OS - OSX 10.10Primary Machine - 2012 15" Retina Macbook Pro, 1st revisionJob - iOS/Android developer, developed and released 5 apps, 3 iOS, 2 Android. Splitting my time between mobile dev and Rails API dev for the mobile apps to consume nowadaysAge - 27
ye, normal dude - slutty trap is my biggest fetish.OSWindows 8.1.  Ubuntu 14.04 dualbooted on my desktopPrimary MachineDesktop desperately needs a new graphics card, don't have all the specsJobStudent, interning at a small software companyAge20
OS - Windows 8.1Primary Machine - Gaming PC self-builtLaptop - Thinkpad x201 running Fedora 22 w/ KDE5Job - Customer SupportAge - 22
That doujin is god tier.
OSWin7 classic theme obvPrimary MachineRegular desktop I built myself, can game at just under max for most games. Great CAD capability too, somehowJobStudent / part time wage slave?Age 26
Traps are the best. Think of the population issues slutty traps could help fix.
I said rewarding, not the most well-paying.
Congrats on finding something you love, Journalism needs good people almost more than any other profession
Lewd
OSW7, soon to be 10ComputerSelf built gaming PCAge19OccupationStudent, general IT, hopefully transferring to CS at the end of the year
self builtAs if anything else is acceptable, fucking normies I swear
OS: Debian TestingPrimary Machine: Desktop I built. Job: Student/Database DeveloperAge: 19
OSWin 7MachineGayman computer I built for ~$3kJobVidya game devAge24
Os- XubuntuPrimary- development platform for my job and schoolJob- student and paid research assistant. Without going into too much detail, out research is machine learning with distributed autonomous systems. Age- 21
OSUbuntu 15.04 / Windows 7Primary MachineReally 50/50 between desktop and laptopCustom / Inspiron 14 5000JobStudentAge18
OS - antergosmachine - self builtJob - NEETAge - 21
OSPrimarily Ubuntu, but I also use Fedora, Gentoo, and Arch among my machinesMachineI work on a somewhat BYOD base, so my desktop is a Dell LatitudeJobI have a phd in physics and work as a research assistant at my University. I also teach some classes, and am a computer engineering student.Age26
OS - ArchmemeMachine - CL scraps c2d, radeon 4850Job - poor af student age - 20
OS - Windows 8.1 at home, Centos 6.5 at workPrimary machine - i5 + 280x Job - Wrangler/SysadminAge - 23
Work - Windows 8.1, nots of RAM and CPU powerHome - Windows 7,solid gaming PCLaptop - Arch, ThinkpadJob - Software engineerAge - 24 years old
Xubuntu 12.04Old Toshiba NetbookNEET22
OS - OpenSUSE 13.2 + Windows 8.1 for occasional gayming.Machine - Self built with 970 memeLaptop - Vaio ProJob - Intern developer studentAge - 24
.caOh, Canada.
OSUbuntu 15.04, no rice, plan ubuntuPrimary Machine8 hours daily on custom built 4th gen i5, 8GB, SSD desktop I have in my workplace. Thinkpad x201 @ homeJobJunior Software Dev, recently advances to mid Software Dev but it has been a week or so lolage23
nobody uses cent os
Nice try NSA.That's because Debian Stable is better.
OSOS X 10.10Primary MachineMaxed out 15" retina MacBook ProJobStudying chemistry @ uni. Also starting production of fluordeoxyglucose and packaging it for transport. It's 3 hours per week, getting paid 5 hours and pretty easy. Good money too, since it's from 4 to 7 in the morning ~25 USD/hourAge20
Murray is cute.
How easy is it to find a job in IT security, with having the experience and certifications?
FreeBSD 10.1Don't have a primary. I use a few different machines every day.Grad student / TA27
OS: Windows 7Primary Machine: HP p6-2102edAge: 24Job: App Developer
OS: OpenSUSEPrimary Machine: Thinkpads.Job: Datacenter ManagerAge: 26
OS - Windows 8 Primary Machine - Sager NP8652Job - Technical Analyst at a BankAge - 25 years old
OS - Windows 7+Bedrock Plan9 userland/Linux kernel Desktop Manjaro LaptopPrimary Machine - i5 3570k@4ghz, GTX680, 16GB DDR3 RAM, 1TB SSD+256GB SSD+RAID5 w/ 4 2TB HDDs+1TB HDD Desktop Thinkpad T42p LaptopJob - Assistant Manager at a F&B Paint Store/Male StripperAge - 21pic related, my rig
OS - GentooPrimary Machine - Samshit LaptopJob - StudentAge - 20
OS - Windows 10Primary Machine: ThinkPad W530Job: Undergraduate Research AssistantAge: 20
OS - OSX 10.10Primary- 13" rMBP 2013Job- Student EEAge - 22
OS - Arch LinuxPrimary Machine - Some mid-range PC I bought in 2012. FX4100, 4 gigs of RAM and a Radeon 7750Job - I work fast food because I'm too lazy to look for something betterAge - 21
OS - Windows 8.1 Primary Machine - Gayming desktop I built myselfJob - Director of ITAge - 25 years old
Why? You managed to install Arch, why aren't you working in IT? I'm sure can find a better job, so get our shit together m8
OS: OS X YosemitePrimary: Late 2013 rMBPJob: None, studentAge: 20
OS XMacbook ProGrad student27
Interesting
OS - Win8.1 genuine, plan to upgrade to 10Main machine - couple of years old amd 1090t based gayman machine which a built myselfJob - In couple of weeks I'm going to sea to work as a pizza makerAge - 25I plan to upgrade my machine if this pizza gig turns OK.
OS: Windows 7Primary machine: gaymen pcJob: NEETAge: 18
os - ubuntumachine - gaymen pc/chinkpadjob - cute anime girlage - 14
GentooGaming PC I built in 2011NEET23
PC1: Win8.1 i53570K R9290 16GB RAM 240GB SSDPC2: Win8.1/WinXP Q6600 8800GTSPC3: Win7/WinXP Core2Duo E8500 HD6850PC4: Win98/DOS Athlon64 3200+PC5: Win95/DOS P200MMXjob: NEETage: 36
OS: Win7 / ArchPrimary Machine: Win7 PCJob: Unpaid internship for 5 months in desk of helpsAge: 22
Windows 7Thinkpooodelectronics engineer 22
OS - Win 7/8Primary Machine - Gaming rig completed after a pawn shop dealJob - Well paid student internAge - 20
Win 7 pro2011 custom buildIT Admin26
24studentAre you so retarded you had to repeat a year? Most people graduate college by 21 and already have 5 to 6 years of experience under their belt
OS: Arch with xfcePrimary and only: Thinkpad X220Job: CE/EE StudentAge: 18
OS - Linux mint Primary machine - book size mini itx rigJob - systems engineer at Salesforce Age - 35
OS - Arch LinuxPrimary Machine - desktop i built myselfJob - Software engineer and 2nd year studentAge - 21
OSWindows 8.1Primary machineShitty 4th years old laptopJobStudentAge18
Not with a masters degree.
Not in my country. tfw high school ends when 19-20 yrs old.
He might be in university, there are lots of students in their 20s
OS - Ubuntu because I'm a badass + Windows 8 for CoDMachine - Alienware X51Occupation - gangstaAge - 12tfw you wanted the area 51 but got the X51 insteadFuck you mom
Or he's a graduate student...
Arch really wasn't difficult to install, just tedious. Their wiki has a simple 5-step guide.
OS - Windows 8.1 Primary Machine - I5 4690k @ 4.8ghz 12GB ram HD 7970 GHz edition 40gb SSD 2x2tb HDsJob - Farmer/FisherAge - 25 years old
Start school at 24get a grantfree bachelors.Have fun paying those loans faggot
Farmer/fisherTell me more anon
Arch LinuxAsus G46vwStudent18
Not much to say. I grow corn, soy, peanuts during the spring and summer months and head north to Alaska in the winter to work on a crab boat. It is honest work and it allows me to be a NEET for most of the year.
How can I do this
Gentooi7 930 @ 3.80Ghz / Geforce GTX 680Job - "student" neetAge - 27
Crab boatLike deadliest catch?
I inherited the farm from my parents and there are a few sites for finding jobs in Alaska. 
Win7, Linux Mint, a little Manjarodeskstop, though I have a laptopwhen the jobs come up, Technical Theater work, I will be trying an intern thing tomorrow for production quality. I do math tutoring during school25, I will have my EE BS at 27EEDon't do fur in public pls
I work on a floating processor.
studentNot in Education, Employment, or Trainingwhich is it
Christ, there's someone on /g/ who actually works for a living.
"
OS - ArchPrimary Machine - Old Dell laptopJob - NEETAge - 24 years old
All these fucking faggots using proprietaryand harmful operating systems are pissing me off. You keep screaming:muh gaymesmuh guimuh adobeAnd a bunch of similar things.At least use a BSD or Linux. You cocksckingniggers cant tell good software even when i shove it up into your face. If you wanna use an actually good OS useOpenBSD or something like Plan 9.Even those are barely usable, but at least theytry to be.
Chill out dude
muh autismwhat would I gain in everyday life except for wasting time and not being able to play my gaymen?
OS - Windows 7Computer -  Self built gaming PC I5-4690k / MSI 290Job - Military, USAFage - 23
neckbeard intensifies
OS - Windows 7Primary Machine - Some mid-tier PC I build a year agoJob - I work for the German distress call services badlyAge - 21I really love having a dead-end job and sucking at it.
Win 7 at home / RHEL 6 in the officeold desktop salvaged from discarded parts / ThinkPad T440student / code monkeyage: 26Most money I make goes on tuition, living expenses and supporting little brother, so I can't afford building proper rig yet.Also Chapter 12 when?
OS: Windows 8.1 ProPrimary machine: My own desktop build meant for games and long hours of typingJobs: Student and tutorAge: 23Having a decent screen and keyboard is something I never want to give up.
BSDnot harmfulEnjoy losing your freedom
I want to sexually humiliate Nico Nii
OS - Windows 8.1 Primary Machine - Custom gaming rigJob - Student, restaurant host, National Guardsman InfantryAge - 20 years old
get a grantFor being a faggot? No thanks, I'd rather just pay for my shit instead of piggybacking off of some one else footing the bill, you fucking bitchface.
whoa rude
Be my guest.
god dammit that picbig cums
OS: Win7Primary: Dell XPS Laptop from 2011Job: Student + employee at school main IT dept.Age: 22
OS - W7, Debian   Primary machine - homemade 7970/2500k   Laptop - Thinkpad x230   Job - Studying, caretaker at a test track for summer   Age - 19
OS - Windows 7 UltimatePrimary Machine - Lenovo ThinkPad W700dsJob - Electronic RecyclerAge - 28 Next Month
Are you me?OSWindows 8.1, Windows Server 2012 running in HyperVPCi7-4790K, GTX 970, 16GB G.Skill Ripjaws X RAM, MSI Gaming 5, CX600 PSUJobStudent, cashier boy at a gas stationAge19, 20 in a couple months
OSGentoo, Linux mint, and windows 8.1 just for my gaming oneprimary machineThe Linux mint is for tv, gentoo is for general computer shit, and my gaming one is pretty much exclusively gamingI look up game videos and browse 4chan as games downloadjobPart time IT guy at a small business and studentgotta pay those college fees and get job experienceage21
This cliche
OSWindows 7Primary MachinePiece of crap I put together 3-4 years agoJobLOLAge21
 W700dsHnnnnnng, how is it for daily use though? I hear they're a bit heavy.
Windows 7Toshiba satellite p770/09mNEET / thinking of picking my life up after 4 years20
OS - mintComp - self built gaymenJob - armyAge - 27
I have it docked but yeah, its heavy as shit and the extra screen makes the fucker thick as hell. So far I've yet to find a laptop bag that could hold it in correctly so I don't really take it out much.I don't use the digitizer no more. :s
OS - Plan 9Primary Machine - ThinkpadJob - software philosopherAge - 32
what does a software philosopher
Antergosmm-vision laptop danish computer assemblerCE student21
Student24Pick one.
not everybody is from the USA
OSwin7primary machinegayman PC I built a month agoJobsterile processing technicianage25
could be medical school, or just about anything if he took a break for a year or two
He's probably like Stallman
OS - Win 8.1 / UbuntuMachine - POS that can process word documents, new one coming soonJob - Grad Student 30k stipend fuck yearAge - 22
Arch for everything/win8.1 for games only, doesn't even have a network configured Self-built gaymen PC, I always build them with AMD processor/nvidia graphics"Full stack" web dev at a large agri company, trying to transition to DBA/SQL programmer19
Break year means NEET year, not good.
jobstudent the financial aid money you get at the beginning of the semester isn't a paycheck you faggot.  Going to school isn't the same as having a jobUbuntuT400Security guard, also do odd jobs for people who need nice looking docs in latex.Sometimes I do other kids prog assignments for $$$$
OS: Apple's OS X 10.10Primary Machine: 15" retina MBPJob: Software developer, security specialistAge: 22
OS: Linux Mint 17.1Primary machine: Some laptop I bought in a pawn shop it is Toshiba with pure Intel in it, that is all I have bothered to learn.Job: School janitor part-time but looking to upgrade soon.Age: 24 as well.
OS - Slackware and Debian interchangeably;Primary Machine - Latitude E6410 I use as a workstation and on the move;Job ~ Student;Age ~ 18;
not necessarily   are you just a neet-memester?
Windows 7Laptop 25Metalurgist
OS - Arch linooxPrimary Machine - Dell Latitude E6430s [but shit, it was free!]Job - StudentAge - 19
In a shit country it might not count as an occupation but it requires just as much work and consumes just as much time as one. Pretty much every first world country recognises that and supports university students. a.k.a. you're getting paid to go.
OS - Win 8.1Primary Machine: AMD FX 8320 8gb hd 6770Job: Architect assistant/ Media Journalism StudentAge: 29
You done fucked up
primary: windows 7 on a gaming desktopsecondary: chinkpad with debianage: 26i work in engineering
why
aah it's in my mouthlewd
daily reminder that traps aren't like this in real life and most look like chris-chan
Not really, I just don't know anyone who did anything productive during a break year when they were going to study later anyways.
My grandpa was a truck driver, and one of my older sisters is looking into it as well.
Sayaka is for justice, not Mami.
Under 18
OS - Debian oldstable Primary computer - Core2duo e6550, ABit motherboard, 6GB RAM, I built it in 2007 and I still don't feel like I need to upgrade.Job - unemployedage - 27
OSManjaroLinux 0.8.13rc2 AscellaPrimary Machine: Lenovo B570, Dual core Intel Pentium B940 -MCP- speed/max: 799/2000 MHz, scholarship prize from 2011JobEconomics studentAge23
OS - Windows 7 / Linux 4.0.2-gentoo x86_64Primary Machine - DesktopJob - StudentAge - 20 years old
OS: Ganoo Loonix Fedora 22, OS X Yosemite, and Windows 8.1Primary Machine: Desktop I put together and a 13" rMBP. Both get equal amounts of use.Job: Student w/ on campus lab assistant gigAge: 23 years old
windows 8.1 prolenovo flex 15 with tv as second monitorstudent 20
Main rig:OS - Windows 7 Ult 64Custom built gaymen rig ~3 y/oLaptop:OS - [spoiler]Mint[/spoiler]Use for fucking around, travel, mostly programmingOther:OS - Windows XP SP2Old 5+ y/o refurb Lenovo workstation. Thinking of throwing linux on it and using it as a media server for the houseJob - [spoiler] W-walmart stocker[/spoiler]Age - 23 in a month help
Oh the laptop is a Toshiba Satellite C55 and I hate it. UEFI can suck my nuts and Satellites have been getting worse and worse. My parents got it for me for my birthday so I'm using it anyway.Also did spoiler tags change or am I just an idiot?
24Windows VistaGaming rig I builtApple "genius"
Spoilers don't work on /g/.And a word of advice, don't bother with brand new sub-$800 laptops. Just don't, they're a bad time. Period. Instead, buy something that was the top of the line a year or two ago used or save up for a few months so you can buy something new that's worth buying.
you will NEVER read chapter 12
just read it again anonI honestly only like the first chapter, once they throw in the other girl it just gets kinda lame.
OSYosemite. For work, I keep one Debian VM locally and Amazon Linux & CoreOS instances on AWS/Azure. Also a local Windows 10 VM for playing with the new MS dev tools.primary machineHaswell 15" rMBP, connected to a Thunderbolt display at workJobtake a wild guessAge26
Windows 8.1 Pro$2000 Gaming PC That I also built myself.CS Student19 Years Old
inb4 the banhammer
/g/ is not your statistic samplefuck off
Windows 7Built pcOvernight data center analyst24
Some people like being analyzed. It's like attention whoring on twitter, facebook, and tumblr. Or like filling your info on Tinder.
Win 7/8.1/10 soonGaming desktop i built & X230Student/ night custodian for an Insane Asylum
so.....like desktop threads, BATTALSTASHUN threads homescreen threads headphone threads.....holy fuck m8.So why don't we ban all attention whores? They realize this isn't fucking rebbit right?I bet /g/ quality will shoot up 500% overnight
yea. pretty much like desktop rhreads, Battlestation threads, and whatever you said after that.why dont we ban all attention whoresI dont ban them because they're not against the rules and they're actually /g/ related. I'm not gonna risk losing my mod status just so they could come back after I ban them.
basically this how many faggots make gens dailyG-GUISE CHECK OUT MY CUTE DESKTOP WITH MY 10 YEAR OLD WAIFU PLASTERED ON IT LMAOat least this is somewhat different from the typical autism /g/ spouts.
OS: Windows 7 professionalPrimary machine: Gaben compootr I builtJob: Worker at rock climbing gymAge: 20
Win 722 years oldPrimary uses are gaming and media I hate commercials and there aren't too many shows that hold my interest so I haven't paid for cable In years, which is just as well when you can download everything in HD nowI'm a student and a tard wrangler on alternating weekends
Oh, didn't know [spoiler] didn't work on /g/. Why? Does it have something to do with the  tag?Also yeah I know. It wasn't a choice, it was a gift from my parents so I'm making the best of it. It works, at least.
lmao whoops
come on m8.be the hero /g/ deserves.
OS XMBPStudent29
nice baitoru
OS: Xubuntuprimary with Win7 as dualbootPrimary Machine: HP pavillion dv4 laptopforget exact model however I'm going to be upgrading to a Sager NP8652-S relatively soonNeed dedicated graphics card for my CyberSec classes and to gain experience with Kaliinb4 le gaymin laptop maymayJob: Student on weekdays and work at Lowe's as a Facility Service Associate/FSA on weekendsAge: 21 years old
OS - Windows 8.1Primary Machine - Gaymen PCJob - Student/ReceptionistAge - 18 years oldAlso Katou Jun
isn't that a trap/futa manga for OP?
nvm yeah that's the one.
OS: Fedora 22 at home, Red Hat 6 Desktop at workPrimary Machine: desktop, self builtJob: IT AdminAge: 32
OS - Arch LinuxPrimary Machine - Self built desktopJob - MiT CompSci studentAge - 20
OS: Windows 8.1Machine: 4820K, GTX770, 16GBJob: Student but nothing to do with tech Age: 22Pretty much the same as OP
OS - XubuntuPrimary Machine - ThinkPad x220 tabletJob - BioinformaticianAge - 26 years old
OSWindows 7 / DebianPrimary Machinefranken-computer. The case fell apart and was originally from a windows ME machine. It's just the back of the case now since the motherboard needs something to sit on. Bits and pieces I picked up while in china and more parts slammed together over the years. It needs to be put down.Jobsoftware dev. Just got brought on to a funded start-up trying to get their product launched by last month. I'm rehauling the core which chugs along in some horrible VBA spaghetti.Age25
OSArch LinuxPrimary MachineA shitty laptopJobNEETAge19
OS - Ubuntu 14.10 planning a clean install for 15.04Primary Machine: Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition, 2013 modelJob: EE studentAge: 19
when will this shit end
its all part of a huge conspiracy to make us hungry
google is DIRECTLY responsible for me buying sushi at publix.those god damn cocksuckers
Wait yours are in color? You lucky bastard, mine are in black in white, do you know how hard it is to differentiate black masses from each other?
bullshit, i do not believe youevery device i've ever used it's in color.
some german posted a screenshot of his in black and white before
being so fat that you waddle to the fridge after every post, & eat whatever foods you just saw in the imagebeing this mad over food & your lack of self-controlhe lives near a Publix
They are done with pictures. video shows the user having to fill out first and last name plus enter an email address and then answer a question.
when you pony up $20 you broke ass weeb
sushipublixchoose one
there's a sushi section in my publix where they make it fresh every day and then box it.  I think they do to order as wellmaybe you should find a better publix?
"sushi" from an american supermarket is not fit for human consumption. whoiefoods, publix, shoprite, doesn't fucking matter.
oh you're one of those weebs muh grorious nippon ;_;stay mad kid

When I lived in the south I had publix sushi a few times8/10 thoroughly enjoyed
enjoy thine snow
Well he's rightSame as how most american pizzas aren't actually pizzas but pies
yuro GNU/NEETs are still up?
It is finished as soon as you change to an old or strange user agent.
I like these captchas. Doesn't take more than 3 seconds to solve unlike the word captchas which took a bunch of retries.
not owning a 4chan Pass2015Stay poor, you fucking faggots. ;^
I'm surprised we aren't getting captchas with ads, or full of them like pic related.
Today I got an address number for CAPTCHA on the desktop. Only once.
When they finish training their neural network to recognize images and move onto something else. First text, now pictures, what's next /g/?
Anything else they could monetize music? and turn into an app. They already did text, address numbers, faces and speech. They'll probably use this to automatically add restaurants and the food they serve to their database.
You have a special case of retardation if that's what you think that shows.
please select two or more people you recognize in the following 10 second video
there are people in this very thread that think that google ACTUALLY collects and stores recaptcha data
You can change your browser's user agent and go back to text.Pic related
billion dollar corporation wastes billions of gigs a month of data for a free service.
google does this to protect the internet from spambots. they're the good guys here
fuck it you win Joot
JUST LIKE WITCHES AT BLACK MASSES
what's the issue with the food captcha's?id much rather the food than fucking pic related. i get them on the first try and they never give me trouble.sometimes it takes me over 10 tries just to get the r's n's and m's right on the stupid fucking text captchas
Spambots spam blogs infected with google ads.
Yes, google are wasting their money just to protect the internet. Thats how a multi-billion worth company works.
only google works that way, they actually want to make the world a better place, not just earn money.what would they even want with recaptcha data? get off your tinfoil hat
Turn it off in appchan nigger
Not him but...Millions of CAPTCHAs are solved by people every day. reCAPTCHA makes positive use of this human effort by channeling the time spent solving CAPTCHAs into digitizing text, annotating images, building machine learning datasets. This in turn helps preserve books, improve maps, and solve hard AI problems.It's right on the damn website you idiot.
I wouldn't hate them as much as I do if they would stop moving between the bottom and the left.
Block a bot. Save a bot.So what, all of 4chan is directly supporting the botnet? Fuck.
Your window is to small.
Not just spoofing your User AgentWhat the fuck is wrong with you faggots
I get that too, it's fucking annoying.
solvedreCAPTCHA makes positive use of thishelps preserve booksimprove mapssounds all very positive to me. and it's going to better the world for all of humanity.
i'm using a blanck useragent on 4chan and i get these
Not that anon, but benefit to humanity is a plus, but it's always a side benefit. They make money off of it. How do you think modern big corporations make money these days?
You what Google wants to do with the data, anon provided an answer, what's your problem?
That guy is obviously trolling.
what's your beef with google anyway?
None? I was answering your question and then you suddenly act like that wasn't all I was doing. Why are you trying to pin some sort of passive aggressive blame on me?
select alcohol
so far i've seen becks, guinness and heineken.
Once they are done with food they'll switch to famous people or car brand or some shit that will make their search engines better.
Everyother site gives me address captcha, its just 4chan that gives me food.
when moot retired, 4chan was acquired by google as a captcha farm and a place to test their shitposting A-i. every 100th post is made by a google bot.
To what? I'm sick of these sushi bullshit.
I've been looking over this library for ways I can improve it and make it faster and/or more secure, but I can't think of any.class="quote" What does it do?hashAndEncrypt:1. Hash $password with SHA-256 with the raw_binary flag enabled2. Base64 the result from step 13. password_hash4. Punt off to defuse/php-encryption for authenticated encryptiondecryptAndVerify:1. Attempt to verify the MAC and decrypt the stored hash, via defuse/php-encryption2. Hash $password with SHA-256 with the raw_binary flag enabled3. Base64 the result from step 24. password_verify $step3, $step1 Why would you want to encrypt hashes?Encryption IN ADDITION to hashing not instead of can be useful for increasing the security of a service, under certain conditions. Namely, your webserver and database server have to exist on separate bare-metal.Then, if the database is compromised, attackers can't even begin to crack hashes until they grab the encryption key... but if the encryption key is kept on a separate device, even if the attacker gains root on the database server your users' passwords are protected. Why are you posting this here?I figured /g/ would either love it, or hate it enough that it would force me to learn how to improve it, and then do so.
I guess it could be useful, even though it makes password checking very costly you'll have to send data between machines over network.Attacker will still be able login as anyone after he compromises database machine, though.
Sure, especially if you store your sessions in the same database. I personally prefer to store them in memcached.The purpose of password hashing is to protect the users' plaintext passwords, because password reuse is still endemic.
That's why I said it could be useful.By the way, how is this better than generating a random string for your program, storing it somewhere in code, keeping it secret from database server and appending it to every password prior to hashing that is, using salt?
Encryption is reversable.If, somehow, the encryption key is leaked e.g. company president accidentally pastes it into a Yahoo search and your CTO goes into panic mode, you could decrypt all the stored hashes and re-encrypt them with a new key without having to force all of your users to re-enter their password.It offers agility that a "pepper" cannot.
That's definitely a good properly, you should add that to description.Although if your secret key is leaked, you should assume your users' stuff is already compromised and ask them to resubmit password anyway. Doing otherwise would be just irresponsible.
 Although if your secret key is leaked, you should assume your users' stuff is already compromised and ask them to resubmit password anyway. Doing otherwise would be just irresponsible.That's actually a very good point. The idea spawned off a blog post about developers who tried to make bcrypt "more secure" by pre-hashing and ended up causing null byte truncation weaknesses in the final hash output.password_hash / password_verify are pretty solid without going the extra mile. I just wrote it for people since most PHP programmers cannot realistically be trusted to implement cryptography features. ;
That tripAren't you in jail?And your scheme is effectively no different from prepending the encryption key to all hashes as a constant salt.It doesn't make sense for the encryption key to be stored anywhere but the web server, and noone should be able to just 'accidentally paste it into Yahoo'. It shouldn't even be a valid query, it should be a completely random sequence of bytes. If the encryption key is ever leaked you should assume the worst and reset all passwords, because the only way to get the encryption key should be off of the webserver, and anyone who can access the webserver can dump the password database through the same connection used to check passwords.
Aren't you in jail?Err, no? And your scheme is effectively no different from prepending the encryption key to all hashes as a constant salt.Most people look at bcrypt, sees that it gives a unique per-user salt, and decides that that's not good enough for them. They proceed to attempt to "pepper" the passwords with a secret, static, site-wide key.This is a less ridiculous way of doing that. and noone should be able to just 'accidentally paste it into Yahoo'That was a contrived example. More realistic one: someone visits the office and your sysadmin realizes he had the dotenv file open on his terminal, where the key was encoded like:"\x09\xc9" ... etc If the encryption key is ever leaked you should assume the worst and reset all passwords, because the only way to get the encryption key should be off of the webserver, and anyone who can access the webserver can dump the password database through the same connection used to check passwords.I wholeheartedly agree with this entire portion.
 They proceed to attempt to "pepper" the passwords with a secret, static, site-wide key. I shall instead encrypt the passwords hashes with a secret, static, site-wide key. Former is ridiculous Latter is notAllow me to disagree with you there, Scott.
What exactly do you find ridiculous about this construction? The key is not stored with the hashes like a salt is. It doesn't replace the bcrypt salt.
The salt is not stored with hashes neither. It's stored in code on a webserver.
Never use encryption to store a password. If it's reversible, an attacker with access to the webserver can reverse it.
?phpecho \password_hash'test', PASSWORD_DEFAULT, "\n" The salt is not stored with hashes neither. It's stored in code on a webserver.scott@test /mnt/share/awesome-appsec $ php wut.php $2y$10$wftB/tIZmLOGYbg/doigFuqpRqwn7F4/.dC.iKFV6VKPMehM26w9ascott@test /mnt/share/awesome-appsec $ php wut.php $2y$10$l0jVIpX/88IEWKclQ2fa9OaDeMMAvQUOfH7Z7Wb1SBzSRjrFcRRtOscott@test /mnt/share/awesome-appsec $ php wut.php $2y$10$tm918hZBPWTzii4FWN1mieH/Gyo3ZOIla19IInmOB8l6LgngcNtw.scott@test /mnt/share/awesome-appsec $ php wut.php $2y$10$B5soP8oEQpaUoW0Aq7xv5.U62TJUVn116xHD8nRIniYnkIa/D/2KOscott@test /mnt/share/awesome-appsec $ php wut.php $2y$10$FaLVNki6zCpjx1EL58h0hOM.prDc69emEjvYPaNCYBvftkBm0ATQSscott@test /mnt/share/awesome-appsec $ php wut.php $2y$10$z7YO4QryK8FGl3HLS0zIA.RuydiODmrlV31AVcrbZq7bwj1kVhMieUm...
This is not encrypting passwords, it's encrypting salted password hashes.
Storing salt with the password hash is fine. It's not a cryptographic secret.
Just because you are doing it this way does not mean it should be done this way. SHA1 hash It takes a buffer of variable length and produces 20 bytes, no matter what the length is.SHA1'qwerty'= 20 bytes SHA1'qwerty|FERSHBV%#@G%#3QGEDGV^H#!Q$G#G#F#Q$HG^%$RWSB#WQAg'= different 20 bytes 
Why the hell would you do that? Either the hashing algorithm is sufficiently complex and thus secure against rainbow tables, gpu hashing, etc. or it's not. The obfuscation layer of encryption is meaningless in the long run.
please learn how salts work
But it does not mean you have to store salt along with hashed passwords.
Hardware separation = hashes are encrypted, thus cockblocking the hax0r
Enlighten us.
Why would you go through the trouble of using a standard, relatively safe algorithm like bcrypt only to NOT store the salt?PROTIP: SHA1 is not a password hash.scrypt, bcrypt, or GTFO.
What is the problem with using SHA1 for hashing passwords?
It might as well be stored with the hash. As long as you're doing the smart thing and using per-user salts and a cryptography API that is used for secure hashing with a reasonable number of iterations, it's secure. Just don't. Read up on rainbow tables, etc.
Oh god.
SHA-1 is brokenhashplaintext | salt is extremely weak
...are you encrypting using AES without using an initialization vector?
hashsalt | plaintext is even weaker ;
Nope.When encrypting, defuse/php-encryption generates a 128-bit IV from urandom, pads with PKCS7, encrypts in AES-CBC, then authenticates both the IV and ciphertext with HMAC-SHA-256.During decryption, the MAC is verified in constant-time before decryption is attempted. After decryption, the PKCS7 padding is stripped.The IV is handled behind the scenes by the library. Users aren't expected to manage that themselves.
But why not just use bcrypt or scrypt? What legitimate security property does this buy you?
 What legitimate security property does this buy you?bcrypt has two bugs that are annoying:1. It truncates after 72 characters.2. It will truncate after a null byte.This library doesn't fall prey to either.I love scrypt but you can't use it without PECL access which is a deal-breaker for most projects.
Supposedly, if the master password encryption key is divulged, but the user hashes aren't, you can re-encrypt the hashes. Though, since this is what's introducing said key, I'm unsure how it's an argument for it. Just use bcrypt or similar.
Holy shit, bcrypt has these obvious defects? Why do people keep recommending it?I personally just use scrypt for everything.
Here's some PoC for both claims:
Is it just PHP or are other bcrypt implementations affected?
All standard implementations have this problem.
php security librariesconsidering PHP's fascinating trends with security, I have to wonder why anyone bothers with php?
not interested in programming language pissing wars.
crypt == all standard implementationslolIf you are planning on using the crypt interface for a cryptography project, don't do it: get a good book on encryption and one of the widely available DES libraries.
I don't understand what your point here is.crypt was the pre-5.5.0 way of doing bcrypt hashing.
That has to do with specifically php passing data to a c function with a PHP string. It's more of a bug in PHP than anything. ONLY certain implementations those that use unsafe c strings are broken.
If you have time, please send a PoC that shows that [your favorite language] isn't vulnerable and PHP is to internals@lists.php.net and you might achieve topkek from the ensuing rage.
The issue pointed out in your blog post that YOU linked is an issue with c string handling. It's PHP's implementation that's broken, not bcrypt itself.
I'm not disputing that, I'm trying to encourage you and other anons to make the PHP internals team actually try to fix it.
Considering that this isn't the first time that php_crypt has had issues, I just don't have it in me to try to deal with the language issues. 
I can trivially prove JBcrypt isn't vulnerable, because it's written in pure Java
hashplaintext | salt is extremely weakNo shit, but it's equivalent to AEShashplaintext, salt in terms of security, which was the point I was trying to make. The former is perhaps even a little more secure, since even with the salt it's protected against generic rainbow tables.
But why suggest garbage over garbage? I don't buy your argument.
So when the sony xperia z3+ was not yet announced and still thought to be the z4, other versions were mentioned like a compact and a music version. Does anyone know if these will still be released??

Wtf?The will not be a x3+compact, Sony makes them on alternate years. For the music onr, that's prolly some cheapo budget one which like all of Sony budget stuff, is crap
Hey /g/,Where do I find some literature about security systems that respond automatically and preferably dynamically to alerts?
bump
What android phone should I get? I want it to be rootable, stable, and have great battery life.Next post will detail more info.
0,none,null
So here's the story.I had the note 4 from att, but it came with a lcoked bootloader that has yet to be cracked, so I had to live with no root. On top of that, the lollipop update shat all over battery life, made the phone run hot even on stand by, and MAY have fucked with gps and reception stability I just moved a 6 hour distance, so I can't be sure if it's the different location or lollipop that fucked me.Anyway, I was curious about iOS, and I now regret it. I miss android. I have 13 days left to exchange it and was wondering: what phone should I get? I want something that is rootable with great battery life AND IS STABLE. The iphone's battery life and keyboard have been fantastic, but I'm afraid of the impermanence of jailbreaking and even now, I'm waiting and hoping for a release of an 8.3 exploit. I mean... if something goes wrong with the phone, and I have to get it replaced, I'll be stuck with stock iOS again until a new jailbreak comes out. Also, updates break root, so I'm afraid at one point, I'll be force-fed or secretly pushed an update that will break it.I was thinking of getting the htc one m9.
bump
Holy fucking shit that's already another thread for gods sake. If you really need to know, pic related.
That's a lot like asking what's the best kind of cancer to get
I've already been browsing the thread.Why would you choose the xperia over the htc one m9?
What do you mean?What would you or do you use?
Because the z3 can be somewhat cheap to the toaster-o-matic 9000.Also compared to the m8, it was pretty bad.
notyourpersonalconsumerreviewsitewhen will the phoneposting meme end? I want to discuss real technology on this board for once
That's some shitty machine translated Russian to begin with.
is net neutrality retarded?according to /pol/ it is boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/46225504what do you think, /g/?
/pol/46225504
As if a consensus on /pol/ is in any way an accurate reflection of anything.
Don't listen to /pol/
 can't into 4chinSure summer is near us.
pol is always contrary to popular opinion or the side that makes them look most edgy, they are 14 years of age after all.
/pol/
/pol/being competent at mathor at readingever
No, /pol/ is retarded.
this board is brimming with cucks
That word doesn't even mean anything anymore.Go back to /pol/
Should have just removed the zoning restrictions for ISPs, instead. That would fix the huge monopoly issue most cities have, and drive costs down.
Well, considering it doesn't actually exist, because traffic is treated preferentially already, yeah, it is retarded.
Fuck it always frightens me when I see people actually take /pol/ seriously.
Net neutrality is pretty retarded, yes.
/pol/Who gives a fuck about /pol?
implying a large portion of the /pol/ userbase isn't serious, regardless if they were trolled into holding certain beliefs or notEdgefags will tend to stick to their own groups, just like /g/ is very welcoming of traps and such.
I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, but you might be right.
This.  One thousand times this.
the idea that an IPS should not be able to jew both ways is retarded what is this worlkd coming to no its not retarded the only regulastion that comes from it is all bits must be treated the same thats it if it where up to me the regulations would be MUCH heavier and heavily against the ISPs
/thread
/threadNet neutrality is important.
/pol/
I read a bunch of sewage in a /pol/ threadIs it true?What do you think, OP?At it's best, /pol/ makes /x/ look like peer-reviewed scientific research.  Factor in that all the 12-year old summerfags just showed up.What do you think, OP?  Have you really thought this through?  Because, I'm thinking: NOT.
fuck /pol/ and milo yopilopogus
I see a lot of liberal hate in here. Liberals = commies & faggots, faggots = apple. Mac appreciation thread goys.
/pol/ is mostly subhuman pieces of trash and actual national socialists would have killed them. I just got done telling them they're subhuman pieces of trash, so of course I'm not going to gb2 /pol/ and tell them more about how they're pieces of trash. I was only there again today out of habit.
Pol is just overly contrarian like most of 4chan and so hates anything normies are into.Usually they're pro net neutrality, or were six months ago anyway. Tell them that neutrality is awesome and this john oliver video is why, and they'll change their minds and think it's for libtards
/pol/ is actually very similar to /g/. Just switch Apple for liberal logic, multiculti etc, and anti degeneracy nationalistic approach for Thinkpads.
Nevermind , I'm addicted to being horrible to them. I know how the addiction formed and how to undo it, too.
Well at least they're consistent with their opinions. Net neutrality doesn't go well with le free market as it limits the companies. In a civilised european country company which would charge more for traffic would go bankrupt because all customers would change providers. But since in Americuckland companies just wait to fuck ameribrowns over and sideways being against net neutrality law is considered edgy.
and in both cases, what they're pissed off about is 99% the world they want and primarily differs in who's visibly pushing it, while what they love is backwards in every way but putting a familiar face onit's the worst kind of identity politics, the one that exists because it's terrified of what will happen when it admits that it's just one of many identities
net neutrality doesn't go well with the freemarketAllow mom and pops owned isps to flourish and you can do away with net neutrality -- customers would naturally flock to the isps which endorsed it anyway.
Can you please rephrase your statement. I am not sure am I getting it the way you intended to.
Most of them are pro neutrality, this is yet another case of a vocal minority, at a time most working people and Europeans are asleep. You can be against some of fcc's regulations, but that doesn't make you anti net neutrality.
Computer Mouse/Tracking Device GeneralWhat is everyone running, is it shit? Why isn't it shit?
E-blue cobra Jr./thread
TrackpointNot shit, because it's fast to access from a posture of typing.  It's the perfect mouse for people who don't like to use a mouse.
spider in mouse instead of mouse in mouse
Logitech G400
Pls go Thinkpad General
Trackball
Obligatoryinb4 microwave
Very old Microsoft trackball.Comfortable as fuck, but needs to have sensitivity and acceleration set almost to maximum to be usable with modern screen resolutions
G500Why does anyone get anything else?Why did they stop making them.I actually prefer the g400 but it got hard to find.I should order a couple extra to keep in the closet by the way. Just for later when you cant get them anymore.
Posting best mouse
g400sAre those all buttons on the side? P. strange distribution
Those clustered buttonsBest anything
logitech marblethey're only $20 and work 6/10. 10/10 if you install a 3rd party driver for scrolling
I want muh lights and every other RGB mouse looks like shit
Asus 950, shit boot drivers but good weight/size for me. Dislike the no left/right scroll wheel though.7/10 Gamestop
Looking to buy a new mouse, any reccomendations? No trackball please. Budget is $60
I'm intrigued, tell me more.
Button distribution is pretty conformable, but not very aesthetic I agree, your thumb rest in the blank center and you rotate your thumb around to hit buttons.Linus Gives a pretty good description here[
Does it work well with Linux?
threading/ own postpathetic.
I cant use any mouse that has under 10 buttons
Just got a Zowie FK2 after retiring my old IE3. Its like it a lot lightlow lift distanceno special driverscord is doesn't get in the way at allnatural fingertip/claw hold position1000Hz pollingperfect sensorDon't like how awkward the side buttons are to use, but won't be using them really anyway.
does anything work well with linux? Of course it doesn't
Original Logitech MC Revolution. Why upgrade?
wirelesslaser
I like; however, i cant get over the fact that its an upgraded microsoft intellimouse
Not that similar to be honestThe old intelimouse was great, but had its flaws.5 years later and it was double clicking everywhere and the wheel was unusable in games. Cable tended to get in the way often too. Its too bad Microsoft themselves didn't release a true successor to it.
Adesso imouse g25. Love this cheap fucker. Fat mouse holds you instead of you hold it
Best looking mouse imo
all my hardware drivers work out of the box with linux including my intel wificard and xonar audio cardIn fact unless the PC is extemely old and uses outdated nVidia hardware, linux has worked better for me than windows for drivers
RazerAnything Razer that isn't an original or 3.5G Diamondback is absolute trash.
I need something new.... What is the /g/ approved mouse for FPS gaymen? For large hands and palm grip?
this thread is for mice that don't fall apart
this. although it is has different colouring from the pic.  Had it for a couple years and absolutely no complaints.  I should really clean it, it gets really disgusting.
How accurate is this?
It's the modified troll-chart, so good luck with that.
Can anyone recommend a good trackball mouse?
logitech and microsoft are just about the only manufacterers of them, so your probably going to be okay no matter what you get so long as it isnt $30
Is a Kensington expert alright?
Naos 7000, its like a g400 only good.
What is the shape like for someone who is coming from an MX 518? I heard it's a bit too "flat" for people with really large hands.
Logitech G502
Razer deathadder 2013why is it not shitGood ergonomics and perfect tracking
Review: Manjaro OpenRC 0.8.13 - reinventing init without systemd.What's your excuse /g/?
Shitty huemonkey version of arch for people too retarded to follow a guide
why would anyone use a shit version of an unstable distro
manually doing tedious things that can just be executed with scripts
Are you not even going to post the article, you retarded mongoloid?
The point in Arch is its install process. If you're not going to be installing Arch, what's the point?
The point of this distro is that it is half-assed
Evolution instaler ftw. Fuck the Arch way. You don't learn shit. Maybe how to partition better. But the rest is just copy and paste mindset. And installing is nothing different from ubuntu mini or debian netinstal
The point in Arch is its install process.I too love it when I set the date, time, and language using the terminal. I feel so enlightened.Fuck off, you're not special.
no, that's linux from scratch.Arch is just "sorry but the devs are lazy fucks so we make you do our work, but that will make you really leet. Seriously, trust us".Therefore we don't have any distro that is both bleeding edge when it comes to package versions and that runs fine out of the box.Manjaro and Artegos a shit
for real. even linus hates shit that is annoying or hard to install. it doesn't make anything special at all. just annoying and time consuming. this is coming from an arch fan btw.although I don't use it anymore.
archfags finally took the redhat/poettering cock out of their mouths?
If you don't like how Arch people run things, why are you still using their OS?
Nah, it's just Manjaro catering to memespouting teenagers like they always do.
I'm fine with systemd.Install Arch once on a laptop, then use Manjaro on every subsequent computer. Learning done + no tedium later
There is no point in using Arch after you installed it though.
 expired ssl cert dev suggests to change sysclock as a workaround fucking normies and their OS, how hard is it to fucking use a guide and install arch or use antergos if you're so fucking inept.
The point in Arch is its install processkill yourself
le systemd is badlmao
Hmm, is it a modern distro without systemd? Nice, I'll try it. For some reason I can't install Nvidia drivers on distros with systemd, anyone else having this issue? The boot up just crashes every time
debian shill pls go
Debian is a last resort for when there is figuratively no other distro you can use.
try nomodeset
manjaro are not re/inventing anything.
lol think I'll stick to funtoo thanks
I love manjaro, why do so many faggots here hate it?
Because this is a mongolian cartoon board, everyone will hate others for liking things they don't likeI dual booted win and linux for so many years and I finally picked linux as main OS when I tried Manjaro with Openbox, I'm happy with itinb4 faggots hating for no reason
I agreeI've used Debian, Xubuntu, Kubuntu, Antergos, and MintAll were nice, but Manjaro just struck me as being rightI guess that isn't a very convincing reason, but as I said, I like it.
There's literally nothing wrong with systemd.
Tried manjaro but it was too unstable.Holding back updates and sometimes my system wasn't updated. I switched the kernel, the updating repo and now everything works. Fucking faggots.
reinventing initthat's exactly what shitnux needs, another useless init system.
Antergos  ManjaroAll day every day.
E P I CPIC
tfw no usersI wish funtoo was more popular ; -;
why?
I like the concept of gentooThe original creator of gentoo works on funtooFuntoo uses git instead of rsyncGentoo bitches if you use their rsync server too muchGentoo/Funtoo is great in concept, and I wish people would use it more so it becomes less of a meme, but the install process is what keeps most people away and not the whole 'compile everything yourself' aspect.
muh use flagsmuh optimization flagsabsolutely useless outside of the advanced autism spectrum
absolutely uselessproof?
use flags have so much potential.while I agree that it could use some ease-of-use improvements, they are a great concept.
The install process in not much harder than arch copy and paste. The hardest thing about it is compiling your own kernel but you can use genkernel for that. What keeps most people away IS the 'compile everything yourself for little gain' aspect, especially when you have to mess with cyclic dependencies and masking.
systemd is botnet, backdoored, or both.
explain what is so great about use flags, saves a bit of disk space and allows autists to feel good for compiling mpv without pulseaudio support?
no proof, no surprise.
use flags confirmed useless
Show me where.
You forgot to include "outside of the advanced autism spectrum" in your quote.
ok kid
Manjaro is a shit-tier fork anyway. It's like an outdated Arch with extra special bugs of its own on top of the ones from Arch itself.
Just install gentooor funtoo, retard.
Normally I buy desktop replacement laptops and upgrade every 3-4 years. 3 years ago I bought the system I'm using now, and dropped a pretty significant chunk of coin on it - and it still seems to be pretty close to what's on the market today. i7 2670 QM @ 2.2 GHz, 8 GB RAM, Nvidia GEForce GT555MIt still does what I want it to do, but I'm feeling that itch to upgrade.What are top of the line specs on both desktop replacement laptops and desktops in case I decide to look that way? Let's assume cost isn't much of a factor, I just want to know what the best is and work my way down to whatever I feel like spending.Thanks for the help.
i guess the best shit for laptops is sli-980m and some i7-4 or 5-something. you could also go overkill and use an external graphics-card on your laptop.for desktop i wont say anything because its extremly easy to google it.
is asscow still doing that $1 mousepad thing?
all the time. just google for coupon codes
any mousepads with wrist rest?
Crazy Peruvians and their smoke rituals.
the mouse is a guinea pig
Do not post the guide, it's an insta ban.But i got mine, it's got great colors. not posting it because it's got my waifu on it and i dun wanna share.
Not sure what the author of that image intended ... but, it would probably be a chinchilla, given the Peruvian feels.I was a kid, my neighbors took up chinchilla farming in their garage to raise them for their fur. Project lasted about a year. The whole family had to give it up after selling the first couple batches off for slaughter. I was allowed to keep two neutered ones as pets for a couple years. Pretty cool little animals. When hand-raised, they are very soft, cuddly and affectionate.Breeding them for fur is a very sad and traumatic experience for kids, and most parents that have to coach them through it. Not recommended.Keeping a couple neutered ones is sort of like having a critter that's a cross between a rabbit and a squirrel, maybe with a bit of ferret thrown in. They can be quite entertaining, but you also need to treat them with great kindness and affection with daily interaction for best results.
Ok? My wife is peruvian i showed her the pic its not a fucking chinchilla but a cuy
Mousepad thread? I've been waiting to get one made but I never know what to put on it.
I've found myself in charge of a small HPC server and I'm trying to figure out what a "proper" solution to a problem is before I just hack one together myself and probably reinvent the wheel.I need to make several versions of various programs available to each user, and allow them to either use a default version or pick another one of their choosing.I'm thinking of putting all the programs and their versions under /opt/program1/2.5, /opt/program1/2.6, /opt/program1/2.7 etc. and then just put a "program1" bash script in /usr/local/bin, which would either run the default verison of the program or another one if one is set in some config file in the user's home directory.Any advice? I'm sure the problem must have cropped up thousands of times and solutions or typical practices must exist already but I'm no sysadmin.
www.gnu.org/software/stow/
Do you encrypt your hard drives?If you don't, why so?
file encryption alone doesn't seem effective and whole drive encryption is catastrophic when corruption inevitably and randomly hits
Encrypting your HDDs doesn't really defend against much, just if someone takes them.Which itself is pretty improbable provided you're not doing stupid shit.
I don't do stuff that is illegal enough for the gov to care about it, and I've got nothing that I'd care about if someone with access to my computer were to see it
muh nothing to hide memeAyyyy
If you don't, why so?Because there's literally nothing worth protecting on any of my hard drives.
On Desktop: No, using truecrypt / gpg as needed.On Laptop:Yes,  LUKS.
I don't because there is nothing important on my PC. I could give you the hard disk tomorrow and you would be bored to shit.
So that when I inevitably break something I can fix it with a livecd
Of course I do.
encrypt all my hard drives using the following scheme:Version: 1Cipher name: camelliaCipher mode: xts-plain64Hash spec: whirlpoolPayload offset: 4096MK bits: 512The keyfile is a 512 byte urandom string which has been GPG encrypted. I keep a paper copy of the password in a safe. Git gud.
I use FDE although I know it doesn't really help much.
no
The only encrypted drive I have is the one in a pelican case in an ammocan that is used to prop open my door. What's on it? Who the fuck knows, I forgot the key forever ago.
Because I honestly don't give a shit if they find my hentai, which is the worst crap i keep on my hard driveinb4 jail due to loli
my laptop is encrypted with LUKS, because why not
Yup, my SSDs are self encrypting drives and I've enabled pw security on them etc.. Enough for 99% of all thieves. NSA would not be interested in my porns and personal pictures so I dont care about them being able to crack it.
Only my laptop because I take that one outside.
I use FileVault
Nope, I don't keep anything important in my hard drives nor live in a country where the contents of my hard drive matter.
Sorry to hear you have a shit life and live in a third world country, anon.
Implying
I'm scared about drive encryption because I'm afraid for my files to become unrecoverable  because of a single fuckup of the filesystem.I'd rather just encrypt single files instead, I value offline data recovery too much
If you honestly even care enough about it to inconvenience yourself to avoid it, you're paranoid.   It's a small form of paranoia, but while you're complaining about the botnet, normal people don't give two fucks because they quite literally have nothing to hide on their computers.  If the NSA were able to rack through my entire computer, worst thing they could find are some pirated flacs, and that's not what they're looking for or even incriminating for a piracy lawsuit.I say I have nothing to hide because I literally don't and I'm not paranoid.Inb4 "lol nsa shill botnet muh memes."
Keep backups as well? Encrypted, of course.
Seems awfully slow around here tonight...
It's lunchtime here, get on with the times
Have fun: hmc.vervex.ca
