, 
Trying to secure my site   - what does /g/ recommend?
Wow. I was at least expected someone to try and plaster gay sex everywhere.
To whomever just joined: Yes I know there's no content. Just trying to secure it at this point.
Lumia 630 and iPhone joined.Come on guys, I need recommendations!
Ah shit, DuckDuckGo-Favicons-Bot and Googlebot2.1 joined.Chrome 44.0.2403.30 joined as well
An Iceweasel user has joined!A Firefox user has joined!  with an old browser, too 
Restarting the service. Please stand by.
LOL Internet Explorer 6? Surely that must be spoofed... : ... Here's hoping at least.
Why are you announcing who visited your website?I don't see what's there to secure, it's just html pages.
Firefox 38 and Chrome 45.0.2409.0NO RECOMMENDATIONS YET. COME ON /G/UYS
Because it's better than just saying 'bump', and it's somewhat entertaining. I mean just general recommendations, and best practices I might be missing.
You bump too much.Add something interactive, then there will be talk about what to secure.
class="quote""Mozilla/5.0 Penis/1.0 KHTML, like Gecko""lol what a fag"Interdasting.
No comments on anything else?also lol to whoever is trying to access wp-admin and other directories like x and protected
woo that was me....Dunno why I care that much
Feel free to poke around if you want.
To anyone worried about me seeing their IPs:I use CloudFlare, can't see shit captain.
+1 on the sanity check on the pace calc..I have so many "programmer" friends who fail to do that funnily enough
To whoever just went to the site, your Chrome version is out of date.Chrome/39.0.2171.95
i am the /nigger one.have you got ssh access?
I actually pulled that from another site  coolrunning.com , and cleaned up some of their stuff. I wanted to add a lot to it, but it seemed like a nice thing to have regardless.
chrome 39I might scan and poke around later. Probably not though.
I do have SSH access, protected by SSH keys, knockd, and google authenticator.come at me bro
ahh alright.. so what do you plan to do with this website?
That's the million dollar question. I have no fucking clue. Just seemed like a good idea to get into web dev.lol at the person who did the navy seal copy pasta.
Finding a lot of people who don't edit/block their referers. I personally prefer RefControl if you use Firefox.I'm thinking of probably getting some kind of temp file upload service setup. Doesn't seem like there's much of those.Huh, what do you know.. A Lynx user!
Is a temp file upload service a good idea?File size limits, etc?Would you pay for something like this?
if it was good enough speed,security, pretty cheap I would...thats just me cause its a pain to send files to my friends as they think Skype/Facebook is the only option out there
We aren’t the typical software company and we aren’t looking for the typical programmerRelaxed, fun work environment
We're looking for ninja guru hackers
Would you prefer:We are a failing software company and we are looking for gullible CS gradsYou will basically be a slave until we go bankrupt
I think the whole point of the OP's post is that he wouldn't prefer that at all, regardless of what spin they put on it.
"relaxed, fun work environment" is a euphemism for "we expect you to stay in the office for 13 hours a day even when there aren't any deadlines - there's an XBox and a ping pong table so you have no reason to complain"
as a bonus we have FIFA weekend tournaments on Xbox One!
perks include a well-stocked craft beer fridge!
you: a motivated talented super geek who loves to code, break things, and learn with a team take part in our yearly company retreat
I fell for this shit when looking for a place to do my student internship. They told us that we're going to have fun, that there's 0 pressure and that we might even go for a beer sometimeHad to sit at work 8 hours a day even if there was nothing to do, couldn't work remotely and everyone was always gloomy as shit and the boss was a complete hard assThey had a foosball table, microsoft flight simulator and a PS3 that nobody ever played And we never had that beer, turns out it was employees only and me being an intern didn't countNever falling for that laidback software house bullshit ever again
I still believe that the best advice I ever received was if a company has either a Foosball or ping-pong table, run away and never look back.  Especially if it's a startup.
JUST
PortlandAs an Oregonian, I want that shit stain to get hit by a misaimed nork nuke.
i don't fucking get it. they have all these expectations of their ideal employee but they aren't even going to give them a decent salary?
If your work expects you to stay in the office 13 hours out of the day when there's no deadline, and is okay with you being distracted by an XBox, is it okay to bring your wife and/or kids into the office? Let your son and/or daughter kick your coworker's ass at Halo while you toss a tarp over your cubicle and make out with your wife?
Was he a smart guy by /g/ standards?
my neighbor with downs is smart by /g/ standards
No. He didn't realized that the government is just trying to stop terrorists.
Works pretty good so far...
CIA agent on orders to embarrass NSA.So odd that they didn't even really hide or deny he is a CIA agent, yet people just ignore it.
post proof shitlord
Now you are aware of the fact that Snowden's glasses don't have a left nosepad. When will you break yours to be cool?
Have you paid no attention at all? He never tried to hide he is a CIA agent.
I think lots of people totally missed his point in that video. He didn't speak that negatively of prism. His concern was that if the government could do something like prism today without people knowing about it, they could take much more power tomorrow and it would eventually go full retard dystopia.
If he really knew things that weren't supposed to be leaked he'd be dead by now.This is all smokes and mirrors to hide something worse
You never tried to hide the fact that you're a shitposting drooling fucking idiot either you stupid fucking shilling piece of shit. /g/ was better before people like you showed up trying to be "funny" posting ebin maymays hurr durr le hareworks cuckvidia iPhone schilling cocksuckers. Fuck you. Fuck you with a rusty screwdriver.
, 
What's the best way for me to organize my porn collection? For argument's sake, lets say I have 50K pics, 50K vids. I will manually go through and do the work...even though it will probably take months.What's the best approach here? Is DAM or CMS software the best route? I'd like to be able to search things like pornstars name, tags, categories, studio etc. It doesn't necessarily need to be online, but browsing while using a browser would be great.pic related - It's how I currently organize it. Just using windows folders with custom icons. In each folder just has pic and vid dumps. Pls help me organize!
Here's what I did this week:-Select the main folders, click shift+delete, enter-Then propagate the changes also to backups with rsync before you change your mindAnd you're done, no more worrying about organizing
I have the time to spare and learning a new language or web tool can be beneficial.
Delete it all.
I thought this was Technology not Intervention..
Google Photos
Just retards thinking they're funny
That's exactly what I was thinking of yesterday. I browse the internet, and use youtube-dl to download the vids I liked.And if it start to be a mess, I'll probably create a program to manage my videos. with a search by artist, tag so I could do a search like faye valentine, lesbian, fist, public nudity.I don't know if it already exist since it must have a lot of search parameters that can be combined, not something simple.
Top kek you're being cuckolded by some internet master. Tip top lel
Have you tried any basic NTFS file system and file descriptors and metadata?
This.
why ?

I've done exactly this with a fake Google account
Because you can store information in the file attributes. Name, Location, Actors, Genre, user defined tags, and it's all searchable from within windows using build in tools.It doesn't matter where you move the files, the tags are contained within the files and it's portable.
I tried to do something like the OP pic. I made windows shortcuts that searched for the name, then make a 256x256 custom icon of the girl. Windows randomly broke the icons so it didn't work.I don't know if there's a useful way to tag files using windows. All I was able to do was break it up into categories, like professional, amateur, JAV, celebrity, then studio/website beneath that. You'd be surprised how fast you can do that, because you can sort most of it by just looking at the thumbnail. The slow part is renaming everything to something useful with actress names.
Because you can store information in the file attributes. Name, Location, Actors, Genre, user defined tags,This is slow as piss anon. Do this a few times, then use your imagination on how this would go for thousands of items.and it's all searchable from within windows using build in tools.Well what am I doing wrong? Because windows doesn't pull up files I've tagged when searching the tag. Is the indexer fucking up?
Right click on the file, and go properties, then detail, you can fill out the tag field with words and separate by semicolon, then use windows search with  tag: YOURTAGHEREand you find the file
These guys are right. Delete it unless you want to stay addicted to porn and not being able to get excited by real sex. If so, metadata and NTFS seem reasonable.
You can select multiple files at once and edit the tag on hundreds of files at the same time. To search for tags, you have to type into the searchtag: Analor whatever your tag is
, 
buy new monitordriver cd includedFor what purpose?
Buy Samsung USB DVD Drive externalcomes with driver disci wish i was joking
buy flight simulator peripheralspiece of paper tells you to go fug yourself and download the drivers from their website
yeah thats how it was when i got track-ir
ICC profile most likely.
Color profiles, USB hub drivers, warranty information, etc.could be some useful shit on their OP you retard
be melaptop deddecide to build PCskip disc drive to save a few funbuxmobo comes with driver disckekd at the timefinish buildboots up smoothlyplug in Ethernet cable to download drivers and update wangblowsdoesn't workno wireless dongleno disc drive to install driversmobo is mocking meWHO'S KEKKING NOW, FAGGOT?
not just tethering your phone wifi
The disc probably cost them the same as the bandwidth to send you it via the internet.A mass-produced CD-Rom probably costs less than sand per kg.
USB 2.0 disc drive $20 amazon
Actual disc drive $13 newegg
What is 3DP or driverpack
Ended up downloading the drivers in a .zip on my phone, and unpacking them from it via usb.I'm not proud to say, it took me 4 hours to think of that...
You actually need theseLike if you live in an area without the Internet and have an older computer you don't have the drivers needed, these discs matterSave the discs
buy Lenovo USB 15.6" 1600x900 touch monitormonitor actually has flash memory embedded in it so it doubles as a USB drivemonitor has built in driversdownload latest from DisplayLink and store themnever obsoleteMakes me wonder why more manufacturers don't do this.
Retard, the question is why there are monitor drivers to begin with.
That's a dude post-op isn't it?
color
I uh....Think it's a female after hormones ?
Monitors with built in drives would be kind of neat in general.Not like you couldn't throw data across HDMI cables anyway...
, 
How many computers do you have?
one
Please wait while I count my computers...-4 laptops-13 desktops
3 at the moment. Was 4 before I moved.
The whole cloud :^
One desktop, one laptop.Have an older desktop and two older laptops, but haven't been able to part with them.
two,i7 and the other one a sh*** pentium :3
x
-13 desktopsnoice.What is your oldest one?
Hard to define.Is tablet counted as computer?Is Raspberry as linux terminal counted as computer?Is Smart TV with android apps  counted as computer?
30somthing I thinkdepends what you count
4.3 desktops and one laptops.
I stopped counting at 20.
My desktopMy laptopA netbookFive other laptopsSix or seven rack style serversSome rack style PCs Two media center PCs
Currently? 5 desktops and a laptop. But I look after way more than that. I can't even count how many I update/repair/upgrade.
Two media center PCsWhy?
at least 20 desktopsprobably same amount of laptopsi remember taking an inventory once and counting like 40 systems in total, thanks roomy garage
It's some Dell desktopI use it for CheckMan.exe :
i have a thinkpad addiction755C X30 X31X40X200sX220X301T410T450sT400sT60R40A30pT400 X60tR52 T42X31X30 T23A21m,
lol my fucking university uses these in the comp lab
755CA30pman fuck you for reminding me that my 755CD is killat least I still have a shitbox CX and a beaten to shit 760CDpretty much everyone's does anymore
I took one home and then found a second one that looked nicer so I took that one too.
Why? Why do you have more than one or two? I understand not getting rid of the old computer when you upgrade, but I can't fathom buying 20 or 30 new computers instead of just replacing the components.
Somewhere between 30 and 40
because I collect old systems and restore them
Better ask yourself how many you actually use
OP of I actually built mine from scratch,and all of them are from 2003 onwards. 1 Pentium 3,2 Athlon XPs and my main Athlon 64 x2 5600+ dual core system
desktops, servers, spares, etcalso when I build a new computer to do more modern stuff I don't necessary throw out my old ones, I just keep them as older/slower backups or give them different purposes
10 Desktops1 LaptopFour are servers, one is my main, and five are for later projects.
 here.Most were free, some I bought for super cheap like sub $20. I had a purpose or plan for every one at the time I acquired it but some were never put into action.
projectspurposesLike what?
it was $50.00 and it runs like a champ
1 Desktop 2 LaptopsOne of the laptops is an old AMD Turion that loves getting hotter than 100°C with no hard drive and the other is the one I use when I'm not using my desktop.
game and file serverstest builds for experimentsspares in case hardware in one of my primary rigs stops working
kek
welcome to /g/
They all serve a different purpose.A few of them or for my employees. A few of them are single use the one for checkman.exe that has no access to the internet. One is a fax server. Most of them are RDP slaves that connect to the server that I do all my work on. I like to have backup computers just in case one fails.
A few of them are single useWhy not just have VMs on a single hypervisor?
Do motherboards count as computers?1 desktop8 laptops2 laptop motherboards
Oh yeah, and I'm trying to sell one of those laptops, an X200.The buyer said it was an X200s, but it wasn't.Joke's on him, though, I got the thing with an OEM charger and an extended battery for 75 buckaroos.How much should I sell it for? It doesn't have a hard drive.
1. tower that i built myself2. hp mini 110-30003. lenovo laptop don't know or care which4. raspberry pi 2 b5. mac minii have 5 computers.i'm planning on getting an sgi fuel in the future, so someday it will be 6
buying a shitbox instead of a tezro
tezro$20,500 a popare you fucking kidding me?[i think you probably are]i'm not made of money you know.fuel is good enough for me, & it will be well w/in my means in the foreseeable future
I bought all of mine bulk. It was a lot with four ThinkPads and a docking station, all in pretty okay condition and good screens, for the most part, and it was a hundred bucks.All of them had batteries, thank god, but all of them were missing hard drives, caddies, and three were missing RAM covers, all were missing RAM.Then when I wanted something that was more powerful but I wanted a shitload of battery, I wanted an X200s, but I got fucked over.One of my laptops is my mother's, and it's shit. I want to give her one of the laptops I got in the lot.I got another ThinkPad with a docking station and some RAM with an OEM charger.Also, MY first laptop was a T420.I also got two motherboards to replace out some components.Also, I have a hand-me-down desktop.There you go.
1 Laptop for porn and programming1 Desktop for games and movies
$20,000they show up on ebay in the $1,000 range all the time
i'm not spending $1000 on a collector's item.i'm a big fan of sgi & mips, but not THAT big of a fan
 not buying a mainframelel
last I checked the fuels aren't very cheap either, cucks are asking like $700 for shitty ones missing the case plasticsdealing with freight shippingI still plan on one day buying a qt little deskside s/390 multiprise though
well, in any case, i prefer working w/ workstations anyway, so fuel it is
then that means that there are assholes charging unfairly. last time i checked, the fuel ran an average of $400 in good condition.fucking ebay cunts
 dealing with freight shipping lol lemme just spent a few grand on this item what? a hundred bucks more for shipping? fucking DROPPEDSuck it up, poorfag.
1 desktop1 laptop1 surface proAnd I'm probably getting another desktop console replacement for the living room and a new laptop by the end of august
turn away for 3 months & they start raising $300 like it's fucking peanuts
Why would you spend dosh on an older workstation?There's better workstations that are newer and under four hundred bucks.
like i said before, i'm a big fan of sgi & mips.o well, i guess i might as well settle for an indy.i've always wanted to format my floppies to xfs anyway
9 desktops3 laptops2 embedded netbook things, one from 90sand ass loads of CRTs and dead mobostfw not enough keyboards
Are you hyped? Just less than two months. Is anybody using the latest preview? How stable/unstable are they?
/g/ not hyped?
class="quote"Windows 10 Home users will have updates from Windows Update automatically available. Windows 10 Pro and Windows 10 Enterprise users will have the ability to defer updates.If you go for the free upgrade, make sure you have a version of 7 or 8 that gets you Windows 10 Pro.Windows 10 Home users get cucked with force-fed updates. No more ability to uncheck an update you don't want.
They are doing that because they know most users using Home are tech illiterate.
Are Microsoft going to make a modern/universal theme to their legacy apps?also, anyone know if the UI is finished yet? Icons are great. settings app is so much fucking better.everything else is still legacy as fuck and uses old icons and inconsistent UI
Nobody likes metro
you should interact with people who aren't autistic luddites
No it's a vile government conspiracy they're stealing my secrets
Tech illiterate users of 7 and 8 get all the "important" updates anyway. But the option is still there for savvy users to use if they want. It even warns you against it when you click it, to scare off any computer illiterate users who stumble in there.This system works. Why change it? I'm fine with defaults that cater to morons who need hand-holding, but there needs to be a way to turn it off.
Has anyone tried the latest builds?
No more ability to uncheck an update you don't want.Good. at least all the retarded faggots will update their fucking system.
Go away micro shill
Last couple of builds are having problems on AMD CPUs. Other than that, everything is pretty okay and pretty much daily use material. I'd recommend waiting for some time as RTM is just around the corner. Still a work in progress. They recently updated snipping tool. However, most icons are still stuck on the Windows 7 styled ones  and it seems pretty late to roll out new ones. This video talks about the latest build - 
It's ok
Why then has every normie I have talked to about it hated it? If I show someone laptops in a store and make recommendations, the response when the start screen opens is always something like "what the fuck is this?" or "I don't like that". Most people seem to think the Metro version of something sucks compared to the oldstyle desktop one. They're usually happy to see they can still get to things like calc.exe instead of the silly fullscreen Metro calculator.
Hyped for what?It's going to have no practical benefits over Win7 or Win8.
It's going to have no practical benefits over Win7 or Win8.Does any other OS do?
I don't know. What was the point of your question?
dubs checkedI really hope they change the terrible icons
because there was no updates in ms history that were broken and you had to uninstal them manually, and now theres no way to fix it by yourself, thanks microsoft
El capitan
What aboutMetro apps in windowsvirtual desktopshot Cortana waifu
None of those are worth being hyped for.
any of thesebenefits
Metro apps in windowsThat's not a good thing though. Metro is what made windows 8 garbage, even though it had plenty of potential.
Besides faster booting and performance? Okay.
MS pushes broken update that breaks Windows Updatemanually uninstall and repairautomatically installs it againRepeat until MS fixes it on their end. This has happened multiple times in the past. Only now you'll no longer have the option to hide the update and refuse it.Also if you happen to be gaming or working when it decides to install updates, you're just plain screwed if your computer isn't powerful enough to update in the background with no visible performance hit.
no practical benefits You can read about the new features if you'd like to know. Stop being a nigger.
Slow ring is stable. Fast ring is a buggy mess.This is why I won't upgrade.
Oh really? Faster booting and more performance on a modern rig? Let's see those benchmarks. The fact you've stated this is something worth being hyped for means the increase must be quite substantial. Dumbass.
You can read about the new featuresI have. Nothing worth being hyped for.
My Windows 8.1 goes from off to usable desktop in 6-10 seconds. As for performance, what's eating RAM and CPU on any modern system isn't the OS, it's bloated apps.
Maybe to you but then what are you doing on /g/?
Brilliant post.
Just KMS Pirate 10 Enterprise then.but seriously, not having a version that would upgrade to Windows 10 Pro in the first place.
I don't even use windows as my main os. If you don't think those are "practical benefits" then don't upgrade. It's not any skin off my nose m8, so take it easy.
If you don't think those are "practical benefits" then don't upgradeWow, thanks man. Such an amazing insight.
Let's see those benchmarks
Is there any difference between upgrading from 7 to 10 and a fresh install?
I have to wait and see how windows that were kmspico upgraded work with the 10
You're getting incredibly sarcastic and hostile over literally nothing. Do people giving you reasonable answers really upset you that much?"what are the practical benefits to upgrading?"better performance, more features"I don't care about that dumbass"so don't upgradecue butthurt.
reasonable answersYou mean useless answers.
Is there any difference between upgrading from 7 to 10 and a fresh installUpgrading carries all your bloat and shit over. Doing a fresh install is the better way.
I already know about DX12. I assumed he was referring to general system performance that's perceivable based on the "faster boot time" bit.
KMS activation won't get the upgrade.KMS when used properly is for Enterprise customers to activate windows to their own Actiovation server, which then sends off the total number of current activations to MS, who use that for billing purposes.KMS used for piracy, is us implementing our own reverse engineered KMS servers that tell the Windows client it's AOK 100% of the time.With all that in mind, KMS is Enterprise - enterprise customers don't fall under the same free upgrade scheme, as they already get newer versions as part of Software Assurance.You will be able to pirate Windows 10 Enterprise though and activate with KMSPico.
If it has no Aero I aint touching the shit
No, you just decided that better performance and more features weren't "practical benefits". That's cool, but if they don't matter to you then why would you expect people to tell you to upgrade?
No, your "answers" really have been useless.
Let's be honest. Aero broke a lot of shit eventually for other applications. Most of the time the answer was to turn it off.
I only needed it off for OBS.And some weeb games
i am on a KMS pirated enterprise version, and i have already reserved my upgrade, don't know what you're on about.
What does 8.1 Pro do that I would need that 8.1 Core doesn't?BitLockerNice but I don't want to encrypt my whole machine. If I was going to do something that sensitive, I'd isolate it in a VM anyway.Sideload store appsI don't use Metro apps where I can avoid it, but I bet I could sideload one manually with my "Local System" command prompt...boot from VHDHaven't wanted to do this yetjoin a domainPointless outside of a work machinegroup policyThis would actually be handy, but everything it can do, regedit can do at least as wellHyperVI prefer VMware for various reasons, in particular its flexible plaintext virtual disk descriptor files
I've reserved copies on multiple kms
That's because you're asking for "practical benefits" while saying that any actual benefits aren't important to you. There obviously aren't going to be any, so why bother upgrading?I think you just want somebody to argue with you about windows m8
You do know the 'reservation' is simply just metrics for Microsoft, it doesn't actually 'reserve' a copy.
You're probably on windows 8 standard or pro, not enterprise. Check in your about pc settings. I bet you're not on enterprise.
Last I heard, you will get the upgrade like everyone else, but once it's fully installed you'll get the bad news -- this copy of Windows is not genuine, click here to buy, etc.
downgrading from 7 to 10ftfy
Bullshit. Nadella types out every OS image in Notepad
What, you mean they're not producing a limited quantity, and clicking "Reserve your free upgrade" doesn't put me at the front of the line?
Yahaha, they do m8.Once microsoft's servers run out of bytes there is no more until they get around to refilling the bitbuckets. And knowing microsoft, this will probably take a while.better reserve yours.
are you guys gonna update your gaming rigs or?
I want my next phone to be an Xperia. I've never owned a flagship phone, but ive been meaning to ask these questions .. s the software useful ?  Do you use the various camera settings or are they gimmicks? The built in album-music-video apps are beautiful. Are they useful ? -- would you prefer them over third party apps like Quickpic and MX Video? Dual Shock 4 is compatible. Can I map all of the buttons and analog stick to PPSSPP ? -- and other emulators.  Is there anything else about stock software that you find useful ?
stock software is pretty much all inferior though not as much as samsung's stock apps, for example.messaging is fine and email is useable, but ugly and missing some qol.music app is worthless because it doesnt support gapless playback of lossy files. album is just a prettier stock gallery quickpic is better though why not use both tou can have two different porn pics on either to switch between when you jerk off?video doesnt support repeat so mx player is still better.
I know I have the play store but sometimes its nicer when stock isn't garbage. I generally love the Xperia apps. I tried some when I was able to install them on my moto e. They weren't perfect but far from terrible -- like Samsung.
Does the Z3 Compact still reccomended for someone who like compact phone and awesome battery life?
Luckily, able to disable album on the latest updates to the phone.
class="quote"we’re confident enough in the legitimacy of the information which our sources have provided that we’ve decided to drop the rumor tag.NVIDIA BTFO CONFIRMED.
Also, 380 AND 380X CONFIRMED!
Refreshed and improved R9 290 selling as the R9 380 for $235
tfw I was ready to buy a 290 last week and a /g/entooman told me to wait a week for new announcements
Is it going to be better than the gtx 970+
MY DIIIIIIIICKAlso, your pic is nice, too
Yes. somewhere between the 970 and 980. Read the article, nigga.
no shit
390X is 390$8GB 290X can be found cheaper.
if anybody's willing to pick up my slack and post 4k benchmarks I'd be much obliged.
290X = 390XThe 380X is pretty much a current 290X, m8
How the fuck Tonga is Hawaii? What kind of black magic is this?
so are there only synthetic benchmarks for these cards as of now?
Meant to say "on par with".Sorry, too hype to talk
too hype to type?You had one shot.
Serious question why do u all shill for amd for free?I dony care about nvidia and their jew prices but amd is just rebranding old junk. Why would anyone get hype for a 290x in a different shell
becasue it's good performance and cheap as shitNvidia gives you better performance and a dildo up your rectumAMD gives you worse slightly performance and a huge ass price drop. It's the sensible choice.
dx12, better drivers, more efficient, higher clock, not ded/2 yrs old, more vram for high res/vr
rebranded shit
Because Nvidia is zionist as hell, and AMD is the only competition there is. Meanwhile AMD also pushes in general for more open things such as FreeSync, Mantle, etc.Also, while Nvidia is still ahead of AMD in terms of best Linux drivers, Nvidia fucking bricks their old cards with drivers because zionism.
Seriously doubt it. Overclock can only do so much.dx12Tier 3 RB, but DX12_0better driversYou mean support, not really. Optimized drivers come later and less frequent.more efficientHow? performance per watt is in nVidia favour, at least in gaymen. please don't post "muh efficiency", you started it.higher clock,doesn't mean much. if anything same performance at a higher clock is not a good sign.AMD cards are good, but nowhere near as good as you say.
I don't know what a refresh is.
I was comparing it to the 290x, not nvidia..
he wont,I will
Hi! Welcome to last month! We know, this, and these rebrands, at these prices, with these performance gains are very, very good. Fury has still yet to be revealed, though, and that's the big Kahuna we're all waiting for, but this is still welcome news, if only for price drops on older stuff, if you're poor.
real this timelol, cucks will believe this
290X already supports DX12.Did they confirm a refresh? Refresh can only do so much.
currybaitranjeep plz
does the 390x not support the next tier of dx12?
8gb vram for $300is this real life
Do you mean 12_1?We don't know it's not announced yet, but if it is Hawaii, then no.
enjoy your refresh of a refresh of a refresh of a refresh of a... :-
so even if it is a modified Hawaii don't tell me they couldn't have modified it after nearly 2 years, it wouldnt support dx12_1?
Seems almost too good to be true. Same with the 4GB 290x rebrand being $235. I just want ultra 60fps @ 1080p for this years games man.
I wonder what kind of fps it can pull at 2k in modern games with reasonably pretty settings.Benchmarks when?
Doubt it. Fuji might support 12_1. Tonga doesn't support DX12_1 either.
390X  costs $389If this means Fury's coming in around $500-550, I'm going to cream my fucking panties so goddamn hard
wouldnt it be smarter to get a 390x 8gb over a 290x 4gb solely for the purpose of VR? VR eats up a shitton of vram, likely pushing beyond 4gb eventually.
You can get 290X 8GB for ~360$ right now.
they do need some sort of ace in the hole against nvidia at this point, so that price point would be amazing competition against the 980ti
which is about the same price as a 390x will be. I don't see your point. I can wait 8 days
Spot the fanboy
You. The fanboy is you. Stay mad.
Delicious irony
ok, real talk time.i have a gtx670 and enjoy multimonitor gaming.Has the multimonitor bugs for ATI cards been fixed yet?last ATI card i had was a 5770, and that was some general bullshit, in general in everything related to drivers.SO, has the glaring driver bugs been fixed YET?! install, upgrading, multimonitor, 2d 3d clocks, alt tabbing games, ect.
Enthusiast    R9 390X 8GB    Enhanced Hawaii XT    $389Our god is a benevolent god
ssssh
670 owner here as well, Tonga Pro or maybe going all out with Fury, if the price is right, would be a nice option. Or you can just wait for Pascal and Arctic Islands for the beefiest of cards with HBM2.
wccftechPlease, no more. I beg you.
rebrands
Depending on how much the different manufacturing has influenced performance this could shit all over the 980.
there has to be a catchI'm no fanboy but I always preferred Nvidia to amd in the past 6 years when building a pcThere is always exceptions of course but seriously if the prices are legit and the benchmarks are at least a fps better than 290x since they are rebrands pretty much then amd won for me
you two are idiots, the 380 is Tonga Pro, not Hawaii
$380 for 390xfull of shit
browsing /g/ two weeks from nowOh, look, the 300 series benchmarks are out, let's have a laugh at how the shitty REBRANDZ did lelsit, staring at monitor. Mouse cursor hovering over link, tremblingdeep breath*clicka, clicka*970 BTFO, 980 BTFO, ONLY $300!? HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE, THEY'RE REBRUNDS!Frantically Google's "R9 300 benchmarks Tom's hardware"NOOOOOOOOOOO HOW CAN THIS BEEEEEEEEE!?Then, like a gift from the shilling gods, a power consumption chartlower is better390x 5w higher than 980LEL, ENJOY YOUR POWER BILL, FAGGOTS
Nvidia BTFOAMD is literally selling their cards and will break even at best, more than likely take a huge loss.  How is this a sound business strategy that will BTFO Nvidia again?
the 380 isnt the 290X rebrand dipshit380=285
sell card for cheaptoo high demand with too little supplyretailers sell at 100% markupamd does it again
How expensive are the actual cards usually compared to the MSRP?
depending on rice..10-50
Implying they even look up the real world power draw.The spec sheet says 150, it must be true!
Tonga XT for $250 aussie bucks and I'm sold
reminder the components and shit barely cost $100f or amd to produce
I was thinking this myself. If the whole 300 series is being priced this way, AMD is probably going straight for the jugular and pricing the Fury lower than initially thought.980ti probably took them off guard I bet. The way Titan X makes 980ti look like a steal is strong marketing. I can realistically see around 600 dollars for Fury Pro and 700 for Fury XT.
you wish, it'll probably be $330 AUD due to your shit inflation, Tonga XT will be closer to $280 calling it NOW
That's assuming you can find one before the supply evaporates and your resellers send the price through the roof.
Try 600 because of 'exchange rates' and 'cost of business' :^Remember 970?
jesus, would it be cheaper to buy from poo peeland?
what?
I can only see the Fury being sold at a loss. Do you really think 300 series, cards that are based off of 200 series cards are going to be sold at a loss? How the fuck does that make a shred of sense? If anything they'll make very good margins on the 300 series because the main RnD has long been done and improvements were inconsequential in cost because of that. I hate to defend rebrands/renewals, but there's a good reason why both Nvidia and AMD do it.On the other hand the Fury is an investment in AMD's reputation in performance and the success of HBM. That's assuming the Fury will even be sold at a loss in the first place.
new zealand, you know, the sheep shaggers
You have to be over 18 to browse this site
get an email saying the 980ti evga hydro copper is up for saleCheck the store its sold out already.I should wait a bit already.
Has any manufacturer sold cards at a loss?Why would anyone do that it makes no sense.
soft cunt
390x8gb $38910 CARDS PLEASE!
This. curry clickbait that leads to 300 shitposts
so where are the fiji/HBM cards?
Why do Nvidia never post charts and facts when trying to debate?Nvidia is better right? so where's the proof?
wccftechYou do realise these guys are only known for having the worse track record when it comes to rumours, right? And they can't even point to a legitimate source. They literally just post random rumours then they go spam a link to  tech related forums so people flock to their website viewing their ad spaces.
Top-tier retard when it comes to AMD products here. Can someone explain in simple terms what Tonga, Fiji, Fury, etc are? I can only assume they're the codenames for the different generations, similar to Maxwell, Pascal, etc.Can someone do me up a timeline from oldest to newest?
It's hard to ignore when they specifically saywe're so sure of our source, we're dropping the "rumor" tag, altogetherThey seem awful sure of this. They can't get much crap from anyone, as long as that nice little rumor disclaimer is around, but they threw that right the fuck out the window, and said "fuck you, we know some shit"
SOFT FUCKING CUNTOFTFUCKINGCUNT
b-b-but they said it's legit!What reason could such a well respected media  have of lying to people, not like they're paid per click or anything.
I'm not even kidding when I say this, but I'm convinced most of them don't understand stuff like that. They only understand one thing, the marketing.That's why they parrot shit like Feature Level 12_1 without actually knowing what the fuck it does. But Nvidia marketing mentioned it so it's what they talk about.
Welcome to /g/, where people just spout jargons they heard in lecture and repeat brochures without actually understanding any of it.Be thankful you're posting in a thread that's not been hijacked by chinese children cartoon shows or video games.
so what is the R9 380 a rebrand of?
This is truly a great board :^
I quite like my Taiwanese moving pictures, thank you very much.That aside, the /v/ presence is strong with this board, but /g/ents are alright when you're in the thread. GPU threads just happen to rarely be one of those kinds of threads.
*when you're in the right thread
285
They're more like GF100, GF104, etc. Family names like Northern Islands, Southern Islands, etc are the AMD analog to Nvidia's scientists.
So, for example, Northern Islands = Maxwell, Tonga = GF104?
You're not the only retard who was thinking that. Fuckers have no patience at all.
tfw I'm been waiting seven months for 300 series coming soon™
Can't wait for the benchmarks.
tfw im on a 4870 that is so worn i have to underclock to keep it stable.You know nothing of patience.
Sort of, yeah. More specifically, Northern Islands = FermiSouthern Islands = KeplerVolcanic Islands = MaxwellTonga = GM206 I think?
no its not, 285 was 256-bit Tonga. 380/X will be the non gimped full 384-bit Tonga.the 390/X won't be a direct rebrand either, it's using Grenadarefined, better Hawaii not the same Hawaii chips the 290/X used.
I see. And how does nVidia's GMxxx system work? Cause the newer ones - like the Titan X - are...GM200, aren't they?
G = GeForceM = Maxwell2 = Generation00 = Xbox hueg die, and larger numbers mean smaller/harvested dies.
be you browsing /g/ right nowmake up imaginary shit to try to defend my company of choice20% market shareyou need to shill harder
You are a good source of information!So is larger or smaller dies better? I can only assume that smaller dies mean less heat but less power?
a-amd will release a card that will btfo the 980 for $300!do you actually believe anything you just posted?
I'm an American. You want me to believe an AMD article written by a "Khalid Moammer"?!? Mohammed please.
Not the poster you're referring to, but 1st of all, nice samefag2nd of allmake up shit to defend my company of choiceNvidya faggots do this every. single. day. Plus, you're missing the pointAMD will release a card that will BTFO the 980 for $300I think the $300 was for effect, since he lumped in the 970, but if the 290X is really on the mark with the new chips, there might be a sub $400 competitor. Have fun with that buttfrustration
If the 290X is really on the mark, it might have a sub $400 competitorI assume you meant 390X, but considering the 290X already competes fairly closely with the 980, I'd say there's a real good chance the 390 and the 390X will both beat it. And the 390 is supposedly $329, so only $30 off confirming  's greatest fear, and anally annihilating him, forever. It's a good day.
$20 for a 390X CONFIRMEDHOLY SHIT!!IT'S OVER, NVIDIA IS FINISHED
no amd pricepoint has been refreshed more than once in its history, do your research,,, the nvidia 6xxx series on the other hand
I don't think you know what that word means
to shove nvidia out of any sales
you didnt leave that thing for mantle? I'm suprised
Lets shove the bigger company with bigger recognition and bigger bankThat's not how shit works
why would you get a 4gb 380 for $235 when you could get a 290 for $5-10 more?
because 380 will be full Tonga which entails a few benefits over Hawaii, including lower TDP, GCN 1.2 etc
Why would you get a 290 when you don't know how a 380 performs?
the 380 is a rebranded 280, there's a huge difference between a 290 and 380 that a rebrand and overclock can't close. the 380x maybe, but not the cut down 380.if anyone cared about lower TDP they'd go nvidia
the 380 is a rebranded 280Considering that AMD hasn't announced anything yet, I'm surprised you're so sure.IF anything you'd think it would be the 370 that was the rebranded 280.
it isnt full tonga XT ,its just tonga with 4gb
I don't give a shit. I just want something that will max out games at 1080p 60fpsIt's either this or GTX 980. I need to see benchmarks before spending any money
Question here. With AMD and Nvidia having different kind of directX 12 support, which one is better? AMD has higher resource binding tier but Nvidia has higher FL support.
as in it's 384-bit tonga instead of the gimped 256-bit Tonga that was on the 285.
the 380 is a rebranded 280Nope, not even close. 280 was Tahiti, they aren't stupid enough to rebrand that one again. It'll be Tonga.
Like 290x?
Not according to benchmarks, anon.
You should try using the correct benchmarks anon
the 970 shits all over it. The reason why I'd choose the 980 over it is because its more futureproof
380 is 285, 380X is rumored to be full Tonga.
It's the 285 with 4gb
they are both pointless just like how dx11.1 was pointless
lets compare cards that are more than $300 all of nVidia and the R9 290's and lets make sure to use several Gamesworks titles to skew the results a bit.  Then lets ignore the fact that the AMD cards are within 10% of the 980 in almost all scenarios while being years older.Are you retarded, or did you not notice all of that?  I like that the channel you linked also compared the 290 and 290x with the 980 and the titan x on W3....  And they still stayed above 40 fps for the most part while the titan was hitting 60.
please admit the 290x is shit compared to the competition.
the 290X is 2 years older and half the price but 3/4 of the performance of a 980. Seems pretty good to me.
Holy shit that's cheapNot believing currytech though
this is a legit graphic
, 
tfw Windows will never look this good.
what the fuck not ever would I event want my linux to look that ugly
tfw your computer turns into a tonka truck
2015using a application docknot just hitting super or some other keycombo and typing what you want
2015linux in virtualbox
, 
D-did i do good gee?
Man you spent a lot of money.
Buying placebo tech like SSDs
I only looked at the thumb nail first, and thought to myself "heheh ssd's aren't that expensive" Open picHoly shit. OP why couldn't you just buy a small one to boot from wait another two years or so, then buy those when they are better and wayyy cheaper.
god bless you, my son.
I bought one afew weeks ago,  I am just moving away from HDD .
Breh, litter some cash-money around those 1 TB SSDs. Also, can you post your Caddy?
wait another two years Thats a really long time anon.
holy shit is /g/ still on this
I will never understand why people who aren't professionals need more than 250GB of SSD storage.
What are they going into? I expect a computer with 2 Titan X's in SLI, and at least a 4770k in it.
lol no./g/ is full of retards, it's a total joke
Almost got me you cheeky fucker.
I'll try harder next time, I swear.
Hahaha, you can play your movies at 100x speed instead of 20x now. You can listen hours of music within minutes, hahahaha. At least your images will load a few nanoseconds faster. Good job OP, but frankly if you haven't completely maxed out every single other part of your PC you've made a bad choice.
Why the pro?
Games are approaching 20-40 GB per installPhotos captured in RAW from a consumer grade DSLRPorn in 4k resolutionsWanting a replacement for HDDsThere's no hard cap for the amount of storage someone needs.
BF4 is 50GB and takes alittle over 2minutes to load on HDD, it takes less than 10secs in OP SSDBecause why not ?
Because why not ?Pro is more expensive than EVO
no sane person stores 40gb games on a SSD when  you can use a big ass 7.2k driveyou could put 1 or 2 of your most played games on the SSD but after that it's mostly pointless
ITT: salty poorfags defend spinning rust.
Platters don't rust.
I was reading the other week that they have issues.
The best combination for speed and storage size I've found were two two TB seagates in raid 0.It's $100 and 400mb/s for 3.83tb of storage
Though I'll add I did have one drive fail catastrophically after a year and the other is still going two years after that. Not even a spin up, just a straight I/O error.
Notebook with i5-3210M 2.5GHz 640GB 5400RPM. Upgrade to an SSD or not? Would I see improvements besides the startup time which I don't care about?
There were recently problems with the 840 EVO for some people.haven't been problems thus far the 850 EVO, but in general you should be wary of TLC NAND until this gets sorted out.
Yes, every single application would open instantly, would save and load instantly, and aside from the fast booting, the moment you see the desktop you can use it instantly instead of having to wait another 10 seconds for the bloated piece of shit to finish loading explorer.exeThat's how much the diference is.
Please help I don't have a lot of time and I need to know how I can upload documents before I'm apprehended to ensure my safety. I came across something truly terrifying I need to upload 60 documents and 18 images and I only have 3 hours before they figure these docs have been copied. Where can i post to ensure the documents are not intercepted. Hurry. Pic not related but needed to post.
dropbox or piratebay, share link here. documents will disseminate and go viral RIP though buddy
yes
Best idea is to dropbox that shit, and give 4chan the link.
Secure Drop
Hmm.... this seems suspect...
upload here to 4chan anon, i'll hold on to them until you request them back
Where can i post to ensure the documents are not intercepted.

who is this semen demon?
either go full wikileaks and spread it or use tor/i2p as a cover for the upload to a "clean" acount in a cloud service, a death drop seems like a good idea too, pack the usb drive in a zip bag and into the tank of a toilet in a bar
OP needs to hurry the fuck up or an hero.
Is wiki leaks still taking documents?  These are intercepted messages between two major security subcontractors with major confessions of murder and various drug dealings around the usa / mexico boarder.
swallow the fucker, pack it in a rubber first m8
Alright thank you. I am rushing to a public area right now
Post on 4chan.
keep us updated faggot godspeed
Put files in zip, call it cheesepizza.zip, post on 4chin
bout tree fiddy
OP is dead?
Deader than a freetard in the NSA HQ.
Where can i post to ensure the documents are not intercepted.kekekekekekekekekeekkee
inb4 he posts it, everyone downloads it, and it turns out to be a fucking virus.
u suk
Where can i post to ensure the documents are not interceptedyoutube
, 
Can we get rid of the "linux is easy to install" meme?I am a pretty tech minded neckbeard who can usually get shit to work, but I tried to install linux on an old pc I had here that has a q6600 in it so not too old, and I had about 10 driver errors, I couldn't even see an interface eventually. I tried installing drivers from other linux sites to make it work but nothing would fix it, it was an absolute fucking nightmare. No normal person would have been able to get around that if I couldn't.Meanwhile, I installed windows 8 on it and it recognised everything and downloaded any drivers I needed from the internet automatically. Everything worked right out of the box. I could probably install every single windows OS ever made onto the damn thing, and probably can install the next 10 windows OS's that come out on it too without any problems.So let's put an end to this linux is easy to install meme okay? It's an absolute lie.
Can we get rid of the "linux is easy to install" meme?Its not a mememount ISOboot to USB/CDinstallthats it, stop using bullshit time sink OS'syou didn't even specify your Linux distro and its probably got no driver support because its too obscure and shit.
Can you politely FUCK OFF?
but Anon, it IS easy to install
it didn't work on my PC so it must be a maymayI've been able to get Mint or Debian up and running from a live USB on pretty much every PC I've ever plugged it into.  The only thing that's a pain sometimes is Wifi.
Fucking hopeless. OP probably tried to install a meme OS such as arch.
You use PCs that are officially supported by Windows / Mac.  Did you use a PC that is officially supported by Linux?  If not, go fuck yourself.
He probably dug up an old Slackware CD from 1998 and expected it to work on a 2005 Compaq.
 10 driver errorsLel, what? I couldn't even see an interface eventuallyMore lel, what? I tried installing drivers from other linux sites to make it work but nothing would fix iteven more "wat?"
my 10 y/o nephew installed mint on his HP laptop with *almost* no help from me this weekend. you are a pleb
Me likewise for Sabayon & Sysresccd, both of which aren't even major distros but more specialty ones.
no normal person would have been able to get around thatyou are a normie though
Been using it as my default desktop since 01/01/01.Your're right -- it isn't always so easy. But when it works it does work it works just as well. It's never been ready for consumers except by accident. But stop calling yourself a tech-minded neckbeard if you can't fix the problems you naturally encounter when using new software. I was a philosophy major and and can patch my kernel when it breaks so git gut or go home, faggot.
I had about 10 driver errors, I couldn't even see an interface eventually. I tried installing drivers from other linux sites to make it work but nothing would fix it, it was an absolute fucking nightmarethis sounds like complete bullshit
shitty at living and deserves a slow AIDS deathblames LinuxTypical
I had problems with installers failing UEFI installs. xubuntu, fedora both didnt work. kubuntu 15.04 works fine tho. guess it uses an older version of ubiquity
You remind me of my 10 year old cousin. I had to show him how to sudo apt-get install chromium and pepper flash so he could play his Club Penguin on a live session of Linux Mint.
I really can't belive this shit, i use a live usb of Ubuntu to rescue data from people's computers and then reinstall Windows, Ubuntu has NEVER given me any sort of problem or "driver" issue. Windows always has problems with the touchpad drivers and it's a PITA to solve.
why does pasta still get replies?
If you think Ubuntu is hard to install. You should just toss your computer in the lake. Seriously. I am sure this is bait though.Weird thing is. I had more issues installing windows then linux. I had to unplug my other HD which was EXT. I had black borders with hdmi and my mouse didn't work untill I installed drivers. Where on Linux. everything worked out of the box. yes. even arch
here's your you
I too had driver errors during my install, but I was using Linux Mint so I just switched to using the drivers after the install.
pretty tech minded neckbeardCan't install linuxWUT?
Obvious bait is obvious.... but it makes you think about it. People was used to the fact that they didn't need to install shit, EVER. You buy a Pc and it comes with winjews installed obviously that's what you expect. winjews breaks and you take the whole thing to some jew to fix it for you. Same with apple but worse.Linux offers you to INSTALL something yourself, for free, if you want. Jewed $ociety can't compute freedom.Murrica can't compute that FREE is in the FREEDOM word itself. Too stupid to understand. Mr Corp make sure of that, taken education away from muricans. Education, health, housing, and now EVEN FOOD!!!  A woman working in a school was fired because she gave FREE food to children which didn't have any "money to pay" for the right to be alive...Don't worry murrica already got rid of the Ea$y to in$tall meme, murrica can't install FREE shit. Rest easy corporate faggot, your bizniz is safe.
installing wondows no driverseven ethernet doesnt work
git good, pleb
I just bought a HTC m9, but haven't opened it yet.  Should I return it for a Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6? I've read some darn nasty reviews... thoughts?
ive owned the s6 and m9i returned my m9 for the s6sure the m9 has good speakers and camera, but the s6 is overall better phone. you could root the s6 and uninstall all the bloat its fine for me
fuck I hope I can return it. I just signed a new contract today
Why would you buy something before you read reviews?
I fucked up.  I had researched lower-end phones because I wasn't expecting the offer that was made
Because he is a dumbshit.
What is the return process like? Do they charge you extra? Does your contract scenario matter?
ayyyy c'mon guy
What's wrong with the M9?
It's blown out of the water by the S6.
I have the m9 best phone I've had so far. Never owned a galaxy couldn't really compare. Software wise its better than the competition and for hardware its the same except for the cameraPic related. Photo with my m9
The galaxy has a QHD screen and a not under locked processing unit amongst other things. Plus it's camera is eons better and doesn't suffer from shit build quality anymore
return it for iphone6. M9 is junk.HTC One M9 Camera Fails In Tests: It's Worse Than A Three-Year-Old iPhone 4Sclass="quote"HTC introduces 24-karat gold One M9 using a photo taken with an iPhone
Tbh 1080s and QHD aren't huge differences. The 1080p display on the m9 is crystal clear and bewtayfal.HTC One m9 plus has QHD if that's your thing. M9 has a SD card slot for easy transportation of 128gb on content. Samsung doesn't. Which made me choose HTC this year. I want to be able to transfer my data and not have to worry about how much storage is built into the phone...another photo from m9
Well that's alarming
this yearI need the specs of this phone to still be relevant and decent in 2 years time, as that's the term of the contract I just signed. Based on what I've read, the gs6 is more adept to that philosophy
What's /g/s actual thoughts and opinions on material design, mainly in terms of the visual aesthetic. I know that most Anons here think that if it's not simplistic it looks like shit, but I've also seen many bash material design. Is it the color pallet?
You don't sound like you have any idea of what you're talking about
It looks good.
It's fucking garbage, and it's presenting itself as "minimal" when in fact it's anything but that, it's just washed out, whitespaced, hipster-colored, inconsistent, overanimated, form-over-function typographical wankery.
Somebody has a good guide on it? On HTML5 + CSS3, if possible? I know next to nothing about design to be able to differentiate a good tutorial from a bad one.
It's shit.First google goes around telling everyone to make the best use of screen realestate, then they go and release this awful POS.
the official google spec is pretty easy to understand, holds your hand and tells you "dont do this, do this" if you're looking for a good framework i use this one religiously:
Personally I've only once or twice seen it used in a way that not only looks alright but actually kind of makes sense as well.
Thanks, anon. I didn't even knew about the existence of these frameworks. Starting webdev coming from hard sciences is not the most obvious step.
UI frameworks are very common, along with javascript/php frameworks as well. if you want to get into webdev, i would recommend learning about node.js because it really does make things a lot easier for you in the long runbest editor so far for webdev is either vim super configured or Bracketsgood luck anon!
This fucking shit is the reason the internet gets worse every day. Without hooking 500 js LOC to every div and href, these fuckers wont be happy. How about improving on the way your users interface with your phones/tablets by making your phones and tablets work better with existing tech and not telling the world that we need to use your crayola crayon color palette "Design Guidelines"
The Material Design is logical, consistent, and beautiful. It's far better than Microsoft's and Apple's flat UI.
/gd/
Hello Matias
Appealing? Yes.Consistent? Yes.Functional? No.
 48398525It is essentially this.
There are some things that are functional though.telling the difference between onscreen text and a buttonbringing attention through animations, animations preferring straighter movements over curved or mographed ones
Easy there, pal, didn't know you were that passionate about your gui
It's great when implemented correctly, like in Chanobol. Lots of Google stuff looks like shit. Web Google Play Music has SO MUCH WHITE SPACE.
I just bought a LG G Pad tablet, it came with JB, it looked terrible, then I upgraded to KK and it was fine, but I've installed the next day LP and everything looks actually nice for a tablet, everything is smooth and the colors are awesome. Personally I love minimalism
Too much whitespace.  At least they're implementing a dark theme now.
Yes because dark themes fix whitespace. Fucking /g/
that framework
I like it. It's a good middle ground between the glassy gradients of the mid 2000s and the retarded flat featureless designswindows 8,ios8 of today. Flat, minimal with shadows. Simple, intuitive, and beautiful.
There is one fatal flaw. It singes your fucking eyes out because of all the white. Also wrecks battery on OLED.
Technically they do...
@48398525Are you mad lol
I FUCKING HATE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK GOOOOOOGLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND APPLE AND MICROSOFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hipster-coloredlel'd hard. Colors are hipster now?
It sure is a good thing android M is adding a night mode
Light material is nice to look at but functionally inferior. Dark material is functionally better and imo looks better.Also it just has some whack ass spacing, uses way too much screen realestete for just visually niceness. Other than that I'd say it's one of the best UI's I've used. Releasing dark mode was a good move, just needs revisions to stop using so god damn much space for nothing.

washed out, whitespaced, hipster-colored, inconsistent, overanimated, form-over-function typographical wankery.not minimalPick one.
What does /g/ think about yify,  why are his movies so small in size? I feel that he lowers the quality of the movie to reduce the file size or is it just placebo that since the file size is so low the quality must be too? Does a bigger file size mean better quality or is there another way to tell before downloading the movie?
They are crap quality. Won't notice on  small screen though.  Decent quality is 3gb and over per 1 and 1/2 hour movie
The whole point of compression is to reduce the file size. It's not magic- to compress you have to remove things. Often it's just unncessary data, but to get really low file sizes you have to remove detail.YIFY removes more detail to get the lower file sizes.File size and quality is a decent correlation. You can use that and it'll lead you well most of the time.The exception is differing codecs- if the video is compressed using a different older, less effective codec, then it'll take away more detail for less size reduction.For example, a 700MB .avi file encoded with divX is going to look like ass compared to a 700MB .mkv encoded with h264. For the same codec file size is a great way of determining quality.Now in reality it's a lot more complex than that codecs have settings and such but it's a good general guide.
Yiffy torrents are cancerous rotten pieces of shit that should be burned with fire.  It's hard finding a decent quality rip now with the amount of these crappy reposts.
 what is lossless
Lossless removes unnecessary data.Reading is hard dude
YIFY has ruined public trackers for movies. Every high seeded movie on them are shitty 800MB 1080p transcodes. It's not only YIFY, but a bunch of other shit-tier "groups" that are jumping on the bandwagon. If you want quality rips you have to get on a speciality private tracker.
YIFY releases are alright. Only scenes that look terrible are dark scenes where the video compression gives it noisy shadows and notoriously bad color banding.Audio is also shit and quiet. Download subtitles if you want to watch a YIFY release.
Thing is YIFY obviously gets it. Most people are plebs that wouodn't know good quality if it bit them in the ass because they don't pixelpeep since they don't fuck with computers 24/7. I wish I was that way still bit I have spoiled my eyeballs and there is no going back.
This is lossless:000001010000  x50101x40This is lossy:000001010000  x501x40
How can I tell which codec has been used to compress the movie? Both are in mkv but one is 14gb and the other is just 10gb.
See where it says x264
Mkv is the container, think of it like a folder that contains: video stream .264 for expample, audio stream .aac, subtitles file .srt, .ass, or .vob and chapters file .xml.To see the codec you need to read the file's mediainfo, to see the mediainfo you can use MPC-HC right click properties and then mediainfo tab. Download a small part of the 2 torrent files, then try to open it in MPC-HC, so you don't have to download the whole file.
It's the bitrate you want to worry about not codec. anything above 10 mbit should be DECENT depending on movie.
Lossless doesn't remove anything m8Are you dumb?
ffprobe
If it doesn't remove anything, how come the file size goes down? Clearly it removes something.Just nothing to do with the actual audio or video.
I think the file size has to do with sbs vs ou encoding which isn't a codec issue i don't think but ain't sure since that deals with 3d movies and I don't mess with that.
He meant the transition from raw to lossless, I posted an example here: 
that picture OP posted has been proven fake/g/ are idiots who never research anything for themselves
How to train your dragon 2I torrented that myself just a little bit ago. I temporarily moved from my gigabit connection to a hotel wifi. You have to sign in every 24 hours and are lucky to get 5mb/sOut of desperation I downloaded yify. I wasn't pleased
Looks like Youtube's 8K.
In the rare case of lossless compression making file size go down it's because of improvements in algorithms and optimization in algorithms that lead to smaller compressed files leading to the dame size decompressed files and also sometimes there is a tradeoff in speed of compression/decompression.
Lossless means that the data can be rebuilt to its original state. No data is lost when compressing.
Through mathsA simple example, a string of 1's and 0's111111000000111111You could losslessly encode them as616061In which the first number is the number of times the following element is repeatedmuch more complex ways out there, like Lempel-Ziv, Huffman encoding, and other things
Yify's torrents usually say x264 toohref="#p48407043" class="quotelink"Thanks, I'll try.How do I find out the bitrate before downloading and is higher better when it comes to bitrate?
The bigger the size, the better the quality m8take as big of a bite as your connection can chew.
That's because they pretty much all use x264 the data of codecs being a sloppy scattered mess are over. X264 is pretty much the best for anything hd.
Any good torrent should have it in the description. For example, the two torrents here have a bitrate of 15.5 and 14.4 respectively
It's usually in the info of the torrent where it says what codec its using. See picture
autists have to pause yify to identify a small difference in quality
I mean come on its 2015 no reason you can't download 10+GB in less than 30 minutes or have enough space for it OR have a monitor under 1080p.
small difference
This, also for LOSSY compression quantization is important. 
How do I find out the bitrate before downloading and is higher better when it comes to bitrate?If two files have the same size but one was encoded in CBR while the other in CRF advanced VBR method, the CBR files is guaranteed to be worse than the other.But it doesn't stop here, you've to comsider the color depth factor as well, if two files have the same size but one uses 8-bit depth while the other 10-bit depth, then the 8-bit file is 100% worse than the 10-bit version.Ideally, a good encode would be CRF based 10-bit, the lower CRF the better it is, an almost lossless encode would be CRF 16 but the size would be huge, usually you're safe up to CRF 19, from this point there will be visible compression artifacts.
I watch videos through my monocular at a 1/100 playback speed on a 4K computer monitor sitting in an ikea chair less than one meter from the display
But if Yify and everyone else is using the same codec to compress then why is there such a huge difference between the quality and size in his and everyone else's torrents?
It's not even worth arguing with these people. I watch YIFY releases on a 60" TV from a few meters away and they're mildly worse than Blu-Ray. You don't even notice an issue after 5 minutes.
The size is small because the quality is reduced.Other torrents with better quality have a bigger file size.
lower bitrate in both video and audio.  This is another thing that really gets under my skin about yiffy torrents and that is the GARBAGE audio quality. Overall they're just trash torrents.
Nigger why are u even in this thread? Go watch your dvd version of transformers 4 and stfu.
If you're thinking that 2gigs compared to 4 gigs is not a difference, think again. The 4 gigs contains twice the amount of data, of course there is going to be an increase in quality
You guys are fucking blind and cancerous. I can easily see a tremendous difference on both my 51" 1080p plasma and my 1080p monitor. YIFY garbage is worse than DVD qualityIf you were going to paint a wall, would you get better coverage with half a gallon of paint or 10 gallons? When you dump the file size like YIFY does, there isn't nearly enough bitrate left to handle bluray quality.
, 
, 
are these things still getting flashed in asia to read a higher capacity than they really hold??  or is it realistic to pay 11 bucks for a legit one on ebay?
If youre fine with throwing 11 bucks down the toilet then give it a try.
bump
Your picture looks fake as fuck
Just go on newegg for them. They go on sale everyday literally everyday. Just bought a 64 for 20 bucks.
straight from ebay.  seems legit
Don't do it. I did it and lost all my photos. A whole year and a half worth.
USAbad grammar It's bullshit.
Not buying USA brand data solutionsStill using communist based technologiesNot enjoying the high speeds of freedomHow have you even made it this far in life?
, 
Can someone give me a TL;DR explanation of what SDN Software Defined Networking is and why I should care?
memeword/buzzwordit's network configuration automation
Something inferior to cjdns
cjdnsWhat is that?
bump
Write a python script that updates your firewall rules. TA-DA! You just made SDN. It's a buzzword.
If that's all it is then how come people are acting like it's the best thing to happen to IT in recent years?
Show me one example of it where people care about it. It's a buzzword. I hope you're not learning about in school, because if this is being taught somewhere, your piece of paper counts for nothing! Nobody cares. It's not a thing. Just like Big Data, the cloud and "Internet of things", it has no meaning. It does not refer to an idea. Not an object or a method. It defines nothing, it can not be described with labels or types. It's a placeholder for something else. Meaningless.
At least Big Data refers to certain software, like Hadoop or Spark.
SDN Software Defined NetworkingIt's marketing-speak and it's about as poorly defined as cloud before everyone conceded that it meant a remotely hosted service.  Primarily SDN refers to virtual switches and routers or things like flow which were always software. Just like Big Data, the cloud and "Internet of things", it has no meaning.The cloud and IoT have meaning, despite however much you dislike marketing.  "Cloud" means VMs and IoT means encapsulating everything in IP.
How does apple convince everyone that they are 'innovators' of things that they didn’t even create??Be watching BBC newsThey are having a discussion about people using smart phones in cars Guy just spurts out of nowhere "With the new innovation and release of the apple watch, people can now have their smart phones in their watch" "Can the law keep up with this new technology?"I raged.
I ragedchannel your autism like Elon Musk
BBC newsTell me this isn't real.
ahahahaha... all that butthurt.
What are you, american?
overclocking
posting on /g/
how does one accomplish this?
Giving birth
Thats too much shit for a child, retardI get it
Work's phone contract is ending, boss is asking if I want an iPhone 6 Plus 128GB or a Galaxy Note Edge 32GB.Those are the only two choices. I really couldnt care less which one I get but which one would be less of a hassle.I suppose dust/water resistance matters a bit.
less hassleThen get the iPhone, no contest.If we were talking about a phone like the Nexus 6, for example, that'd be another story. But Samshit stuff with that hideous unusable interface and all the bloat that comes with it, it's the opposite of what you want.
You'd be a complete fucking idiot not to take the iPhone
could care less
Just avoid Samsung phones and you can't screw up too badly.
get the fucking iPhone. it's not even close when it comes to apps. ios has much better apps.
iPhone it is then.
iPhone if you have an IQ of 50.Note if you have an IQ of 80.
iPhone.
You'd be a complete fucking idiot to take the iPhoneFixed.
do I get the brand new phone that runs on based android or the year old locked-down iphoneare you retarded
I suppose dust/water resistance matters a bit.Anything but iShit. Even budget chinkgarbage have IP57 nowadays but applel engineers are total fucking retards and can't even come up to that level.
Is this a new type of shilling? Who the fuck would say no to a iPhone compared to a samshit? I won't even be surprised if this thread is being made by some Apple's employees.
Are you?First of all, the Note 4 is not brand new.Second,phone that runs Samshit's absolutely disgusting spin of Androidftfy
how do i pick between two piles of shit?Pick the pile of shit that at least has custom ROMs available so you can actually remove the bloat.
note edge, not 4. I will admit that I thought it was iphone 6 vs s6 edge.Anyways, android roms can be changed. IOS can not.
keep ur old one, if u only have a choice between apple and samsung u might as well take nothing
i'm assuming company IT may throw a shitfit if you root an android phone, so iphone. get the normal one though, not the plus. of just wait till the new ones come out. if rooting is okay, note it is. unless you want to wait till the new one of those comes out as well.
dat retarded video...Wet your hands and any phone will do that you retarded shill.
The Note 4 and the Note Edge were released simultaneously, you retard. The Edge is just the Note 4 with the edge gimmick.OP says he wants no hassle"just root it so you can do cool useless stuff with it, OP!"
Note if you have an IQ of 80.kek'd... back in the real world...Wealthy and white people predominantly choose iPhone.Proof That Android Really Is For The Poorclass="quote" Android Is For Poor People: Maps - Business Insiderclass="quote"A new Pew study says the majority of Americans now own smartphones and the majority of rich, educated adults own iPhones.class="quote"Surprise; Apple's iPhones Are Expensive So Rich People Are More Likely To Have Themcan tell where the rich people are in the city by looking at iPhone distribution. You can also tell where the white neighborhoods are and where black & hispanics neighborhoods are just based on iPhone usage. Yes, really.
iTard damage controlling his chinkshit $200 piece of trash that sells at $700 markup to retardsFuck off moron.
I find it hard to believe that they're restricting you to just two phones.Say you just want a regular iPhone 6 64GB and save your boss an extra $200.
Iphone, if it wasnt a samshit it might of been debateable
Work's phone contract is ending, boss is asking if I want an iPhone 6 Plus 128GB or a Galaxy Note Edge 32GB.is that even a fucking contest??? look at the RAM! iphone6+ all the way. android's for poor retards anyway.After 3 weeks of using an iPhone, I'll never use Android againclass="quote"Apps are so much better for iOS than Android. After using both for long periods of time, it's so clear to me that developers are putting all their efforts into iOS and phoning in Android apps in far too many cases.For example, the Spotify app works better with the controls built into iOS so I can play, pause, and skip tracks without having to launch the app. Android can technically do the same thing, but it didn't always work well on my Note 3.And the general note here is really that the iOS version of most apps is so much better. They're generally smoother, have fewer bugs, and look much more beautiful. The same goes for native iOS apps. There's more developer love for Apple, and it goes a long way for the consumer.
50 IQ iTardcomparing market penetration of $30-$900 devices to $700+ only devicesWhy are iToddlers universally mongoloid braindead droolers?
Daily reminder. This forum is full of kids, poor people and NEETs who can't afford real luxury products, so they use it as a coping mechanism, they hate on things they cannot ever have. Lust always turns to hate given enough time. It's psychology 101.You never see anyone brag about their $2000/$3000 beast desktops or anything ever outside of the circlejerk desktop threads, because really, $2000/$3000 is not a lot of money unless you're an extreme poorfag.Actual wealthy people who want to show it off do it with their million dollar mansions, yachts, half mil sports cars, companies they own, etc etc. Not with $1000 toys that they couldn't care less about.Macpoor degenerates on the other hand have to scratch and scrape to save up anything from their burger flipping McJobs, so having a $1000 computer is like the pinnacle life achievement for them. So of course they have to brag about how great and awesome their mac/iphone is and create 50 daily threads about how macs/iphones are great and "peecees/android" suck, and spout nonstop every second of every waking moment of their pathetic lives how amazing apple is.It's to cope with what miserable failures of human beings they are and failing at life for having a $1000 toy be the center of their personal identity since they have no personality otherwise.
you mean, rich and stupid people. They are ripped off. They'll buy anything.Why are you doing this? Do you really think you will convince people on /g/? I've seen you shilling before. Are you being paid?
nigger, did you even read what i wrote?
You don't need a custom ROM to remove bloat, you can debloat yourself.
It's because they're technologically illiterate/ and or low IQ, obviously. Seriously though why are there so many crapple tards on this board now, old /g would have laughed them out
those clickbait titlesmactard actually thinks he's making a point and not just making himself look retardedactually comparing geological concentrations of $50 phones to $900 phones
You're right. Anybody who wants to show off their expensive toy should, instead of iPhone, buy Vertu. That's the real show-off.this one is $6,900:
Rooting IS hassle, dimwit.Just because you like tinkering and advanced features which most people don't need doesn't mean normal people think the same way you do.
having the option of advanced features that i can simply ignore is worse than having zero features!iToddler logic
Rooting IS hassle, dimwit.Not only is it a hassle, but you also void warranty. And Samsung will refuse service on rooted devices. So if you root and something goes wrong, you'll have a very expensive doorstop.
calf leatherFuckin Nazi
iToddler logicNice try, faggot. I have a Moto G unrooted and personally would never pick Apple over a Nexus or Motorola.If you can't comprehend that the vast majority of people don't give a sinle fuck about rooting and advanced features, you're just a retard. And if your argument is "get the phone you can root, simply because it can be rooted, even though you'll never have any interest in doing it", you're an even bigger retard.And bonus arguments against you: 
dat fucking butthurt... HAHAHAHAHAHAfill out the form and email to to moot you fucking crybaby.
I, for one, welcome the age of glorified idiocy.It means more people getting duped into buying exorbitantly stupid shit they don't need, more retards breaking shit and paying other tech-savvy guys to fix it - all in all more opportunities for profit.With the recent push of HURR DURR EVRYOEN SHUD PROGRAM, we get the added bonus of an ever-growing need for cyber-security firms filled with competent people to audit the unholy amount of shit code being generated.
You mean $0 to $10000, or more. Not even counting gold cases, just the artisan luxury brands.
If you can't comprehend that you don't have to use advanced features if you don't want to, you're just a retard.No one's fucking forcing you to use every feature in the phone. Unless you're some mongoloid autistic retard that has to flip every switch and change every setting that's available to satisfy your little rat brain urges.
And Samsung will refuse service on rooted devicesAs long as you don't trip KNOX, you're fine. Rooting doesn't necessarily trip KNOX either.Not to mention Samsung warranty only lasts for a year anyhow, it's practically worthless.You'd be better off going with a carrier warranty or an insurance plan, if it matters that much to you.
rooting is a hassle guiz!wah, im too retarded to plug my phone into a computer, open a program and click a button. anyway, i never said OP should root. in fact, for work devices, he shouldnt. i was just laying all options out on the table, so that OP, a mature individial, can make his own decisions, instead of retards like you trying to think for everyone. alsonormal peopleon 4chanlel
Ask for a monthly stipend so you can do BYOD and choose any phone you want.
hey OP, you should choose your based based solely on the fact of whether it can or can't be rooted, to hell with everything elseyou don't have to root it if you don't want toThis must be a new record of stupidity.Stop being retarded.Rooting is a mean, not an end. You don't root a phone just so you can say you have a rooted phone. You root a phone because you want o sideload an app that requires special permissions, or because you want to access the filesystem, or because you want o remove the bloat, or because you want to use a custom ROM.That whole process is the hassle. The procedure of rooting, by itself, is not necessarily a hassle, but by itself it's also useless.
I'll make it easy for you OP.use these abbreviations:SM is Samsung Galaxy Note Edge,APL is Apple iPhone. both have 16M colors.SM has Quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450, APL has Dual-core 1.4 GHz Cyclone.SM 3GB RAM,APL 1GB RAM.both have lots of sensors, which is cool, I thought APL doesn't have some, but it does. However, it says SM has more sensors,UV,heart rate,SpO2measuring oxygen in blood, didn't know that it has such a thing.both have similar internal size, with SM having card slot for up to 128GB.SM screen is 1600 x 2560 pixels 524 ppi, APL is 1080 x 1920 pixels 401 ppi.SM 16MP camera,APL is 8MP camera.About video - SM records 2160p video,APL records 1080p video.APL doesn't have Wi-fi direct, SM does.SM has battery for playing music 18h, APL has 24h.GSMArena lists some software, only thing notable is, SM has air gestures and APL doesn't, while APL has TV-out, and SM doesn't.-------I don't know OP, seems pretty obvious that anybody normal would pick Galaxy Note Edge over iPhone.
I feel sorry for the amount of effort you put into that post.It's wasted in this sea of shills, retards, and autists.
SM has Quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450, APL has Dual-core 1.4 GHz Cyclone.SM 16MP camera, APL is 8MP camera.BIGGER NUMBERS IZ BETTAR, RIGHT GUISE????You left out the fact that the Apple A8's Cyclone cores are much wider and still wipe the floor with A15/Krait cores in single-thread performance and A57 as well, while at the same time having a lower TDP.Also, that Apple uses larger pixel sizes on their camera sensors, and that software processing plays a huge role in picture quality, so it isn't a question of 16  8.seems pretty obvious that anybody normal would pick Galaxy Note Edge over iPhoneYes, it's obvious that normal people choose their electronics based on which one has the highest spec numbers. It's totally not like the iPhone is the most popular smartphone there is, and it's exactly because the iPhone's numbers aren't high enough.Also, user experience is completely meaningless, right? Hardware is literally the only thing everyone cares about.
You root a phone because you want o sideload an app that requires special permissionsWhat special permission? You can sideload any app, no exceptions, without root. because you want to access the filesystemYou CAN access the filesystem without root. This isn't iOS, only thing you can't do is write to /system partition though normal means.or because you want o remove the bloatWithout root, you can disable unwanted apps. It effectively freezes them.or because you want to use a custom ROMCompletely irrelevant. You need a custom recovery, after that, you can go crazy with ROMs. That whole process is the hassle. The procedure of rooting, by itself, is not necessarily a hassle, but by itself it's also useless.What? Confirmed for pulling facts out of ass.
I just thought an informed comparison would make OP consider my post more important when he chooses.I never compared these two, was interested.
Keep shilling bud.
If you have to ask, get the iPhone. Samsung phones are only worth it if you're willing to install custom roms. Get the iPhone, it won't give you any problems and will have all the apps you need.
Get a Microsoft Lumia. Windows 10 is coming you know ;
mention single-thread performance specificallyretard replies to me with multi-threaded benchmarkWhy is /g/ becoming so retarded?
iPhone if you don't give a shit about hardware quality.Note if you don't give a shit about software quality.One of these problems be easily fixed by the end user.
You left out the fact that the Apple A8's Cyclone cores are much wider and still wipe the floor with A15/Krait cores in single-thread performance and A57 as well, while at the same time having a lower TDP.If OP wants a more detailed comparison, he should see  and the other tests atclass="quote"Also, that Apple uses larger pixel sizes on their camera sensors, and that software processing plays a huge role in picture quality, so it isn't a question of 16  8.and the picture comparison on importantly he shouldn't be looking at advice from /g/. He should be looking at1 many various review sites, and2 product forums for common problems
the best iTards can do to shill iShit these days is create fantasy land scenarios comparing half the power of the iToy vs 1/4 the power of an android flagship so that the iToy can win by handicap
implying single-threaded performance is everythingIf you'd look at the description for Basemark OS II:Basemark OS II is an all-in-one tool designed for measuring overall performance of mobile devices. It scores each device in four main categories: System, Memory, Graphics and Web.The System score reflects CPU and memory performance, specifically testing integer and floating-point math, along with single- and multi-core CPU image processing using a 2048x2048-pixel, 32-bit image.Measuring the transfer rate of the internal NAND storage Memory is done by reading and writing files with a fixed size, files varying from 65KB to 16MB, and files in a fragmented memory scenario.Calculating the Graphics score involves mixing 2D/3D graphics inside the same scene, applying several pixel shader effects, and displaying 100 particles with a single draw call to test GPU vertex operations. The benchmark is rendered at 1920x1080 off-screen 100 times before being displayed on-screen.Finally, the Web score stresses the CPU by performing 3D transformations and object resizing with CSS, and also includes an HTML5 Canvas particle physics test.
Any shit that relies on single core is made so because there's no reason to multithread it. The Facebook app does not need multiple fucking threads to pull status updates.Anything that actually needs serious power is going to be multithreaded and use all cores available to it. Fuck off with your damage control.
What special permission? You can sideload any app, no exceptions, without root.Off the top of my head, Adaway requires root. There are ther examples of apps that require root, but I don't remember any right now.only thing you can't do is write to /system partition though normal meansThat's what I meant, it was a poor choice of words on my part. I mean if you want o access the system files for customization purposes, for example.Without root, you can disable unwanted apps. It effectively freezes them.You cannot disable every app, and on many cases bloat comes without the option to be disabled. Also, even when disabled if allowed they still take up storage space.You need a custom recoveryAnd an unlocked bootload. More hassle for both. I was assuming root was needed to install a custom recovery, but if I'm mistaken, hat doesn't change much hassle-wiseWhat?The whole point. ou don't root only so it can be rooted, and things will magically happen after that. Rooting is a means of getting to something else you want to do customize system files, for example. Even if rooting is simple, the enire process of rooting, then customizing system files is not.Confirmed for pulling facts out of ass.And you are a retard teenager that likes to claim victory in the middle of an argument thinking it makes you come out on top, but is actually just a retard.
Developers aren't doing this because they hate Android users. Development on Android is just generally unpleasant because the development tools are still kind of lacking compared to Apple's. The still don't have a decent emulator in 2015 for christ's sake. Every Android user should do a little development just to see what it's like, to understand why the apps aren't that great.
having four threads is totally not a retarded waste of silicon, look at all those four-threaded apps!You can cling to whatever little insignificant theoretical win youcan get, but hat doesn't change the fact that in one- or two-threaded apps, which is 99.9% of the mobile app ecosystem, the A8 smokes any Qualcomm/Samsung/Mediatek SoC currently available.Also, just because I'm not a retarded who thinks having four cores on a phone is a good idea doesn't mean I prefer Apple. What I'd actually love to have is a Nexus or another phone with stock Android that uses the A8 instead of the Snapdragon/Exynos jokes that we have today. Sadly, I can't have that, because all Android SoC manufacturers wan to cater to uninformed retards who think MOAR CORES is better.
I'm the one from your response.Yes, you're right, iPhone 6 has good single-core performance, and it's not just megapixels. And yet, camera and CPU are better on that Note overall.About advertising/popularity - pointless.About OSes/user experience - are you suggesting iOS is better than Android?I just don't wanna start discussing those, neither is superior to another, both have advantages and disadvantages, and is subjective too.
are you suggesting iOS is better than Android?No, I think Google's version of Android is better than iOS. But iOS is better than Samsung's shit version of Android.
in one- or two-threaded apps, which is 99.9% of the mobile app ecosystemMost single- and double-threaded apps aren't performance limited to begin with, so the single-threaded advantage becomes moot.Most performance-limited apps are pushed to take advantage of more threads where possible.
just because I'm not a retardeda retardedthinks facebook and twitter use even 5% of one core on any quad core cpu
Samsung's shit version of AndroidThen just debloat Android after root, or install a debloated ROM.That's not an excuse for Samsung's shit practices, but a workaround.
OP here. I'm already set on buying the iphone 6 plus. Thank you for your inputs /g/entoomen
128 GB vs 32 GBcan't root it because workSeems obvious to me.
That would be fine, had OP not specified he wants no hassle.In that context, if it were Nexus 6 vs. iPhone 6 Plus, Nexus 6 is clearly better. But iPhone 6 Plus vs. Note Edge, to hell with Samsung.
Yeah, in this restricted case it's clear the iPhone is the better option.
iToddler too retarded to figure out how microSD works
which one would be less of a hassle.The one that doesn't require you to install this cancer on your computer to do anything at all.
Nexus, Oneplus One, or Xperia. If your work does not offer any of these as an option, get one for yourself.Samsung keeps trying to make their phones a bitch to root, and it's reached a point where there are cash rewards for people to root their devices every time a new Galaxy comes out. All of the aforementioned phones have bootloaders unlocked out of the box, and great support for pretty much every ROM that gets made.Obviously the iPhone is a poor choice.
buying an android phone that's crippled out of the box and needs modifications to uncripple it is stupid!buying a crippled iphone with no possiblity of uncrippling it is the clear choice!iTard logic
I work as a android Dev at a customer engagement agency marketing that makes samsung apps. Milk music, Owners Hub, basically any demo you see on a Samsung device at best buy, I'll tell you right now, from looking at source code, Samsung is bullshit. But, their hardware is the best. While the note edge is a gimmick, and the s6, edge is cool, the note will still be better. bias I own a note 4 myself. iOshit is like a blonde yoga pants and ugg wearing girl getting a pumpkin spice latte, yeah, she'll get your rocks off and you might even enjoy it for a time, but at the end of the day, her habits will annoy you and you will feel restricted and begins to question if the worthwhile vanilla sex is worth it. P.S. if you have a Samsung, don't ever download owners hub, it data mines your ass off
Off the top of my head, Adaway requires root. There are ther examples of apps that require root, but I don't remember any right now.You claimed that you needed root to sideload an app that requires "special permissions", this is false. AdAway indeed does require root to work, but rooting is irrelevant when sideloading anything.That's what I meant, it was a poor choice of words on my part. I mean if you want o access the system files for customization purposes, for example.Oh, carry on then.You cannot disable every app, and on many cases bloat comes without the option to be disabled. Also, even when disabled if allowed they still take up storage space.I'm not up to date with manufacturer shenanigans only ever used Nexus devices, but you should be able to disable anything that isn't a core system component. For example, you can disable the Play Store, but not SystemUI.And an unlocked bootload. More hassle for both. I was assuming root was needed to install a custom recovery, but if I'm mistaken, hat doesn't change much hassle-wiseVery true, though it really depends on the manufacturer. Samsung implements some ridiculous measures these days, for example. But others have official support for community development.The whole point. ou don't root only so it can be rooted, and things will magically happen after that. Rooting is a means of getting to something else you want to do customize system files, for example. Even if rooting is simple, the enire process of rooting, then customizing system files is not.It is worth it, unless the manufacturer is anal about it. Tweaking your system to your heart's content with ROM Toolbox, not seeing a single ad after AdAway, tons of system themes with Layers on custom ROMs, and so on. I find it fun.And you are a retard[...]I thought this was gonna transform into a civilized discussion despite my ad hominem, but I was wrong, I guess. Fag!
Fuck my shit PC in the ass
sony vegas
JUST

Windows 8.1WLAN + desktop6/8/2015torrentssome obscure defragging icon on the taskbarchromeGWX.exeget your shit together.niggerpc.png1360x768ok, you're right.
I have a LG G3 and a OnePlus One. I absolutely hate the G3 after using OnePlus One which is one of the best phones I had... ever  HTC One X, Nexus 5, G3 
OPT
M9 or Galaxy S6 Edge depending on if you prefer an hour more batter and a slightly better screen and much better camera or a SD card slot, HTC Dot View and a all metal design.
What phone should I buy next week, /g/? I broke my OnePlus One yesterday. :
Nexus 6Stop fucking around with Sense and Touchwiz.Stop fucking around with "custom" software hacked together by 14yos.Stop waiting on your fucking carrier to give you new software.Stop being a fucking dweeb.
anything Nexus\ [4-6]+
Or moto x if you don't want to look like a 50 year old note user.
None
what's wrong with the g3?
Jolla 1 or jolla 2 if they'll ever make one.
in this month I'll buy xperia z3
What android phones would you buy now ?None. They're all shit.
I'm waiting for the 3rd gen Moto G to upgrade from my unbelievably shitty galaxy ace 2
I am coming to /g/ with this question because I know a lot of you have ventured into the STEM and IT fields. I could really use some help.I know what I am about to ask is more complicated than I make it out to be, and when it comes to being hired, a degree isn't the only thing that matters Experience and past projects, etc., however, I need general input from people who may have been down the same road.I want to have experience and knowledge on both sides of computing. Hardware AND software. To be competitive in the job market on both sides of the field hardware AND software what do I need to do, education wise?With the way things are right now I have these options:Bachelors degree in either Electrical Engineering w/ Emphasis on Computer EngineeringorComputer Science?My understanding is that Comp Sci focuses all on theory and software, and EE focuses almost entirely on hardware, and then some firmware.How do I get both sides? Would minoring in CS and majoring in that EE be worth it, or retarded? I really want the knowledge of both major fields, but don't exactly desire the workload of a double major. I think I am asking for too much here.Any well appreciated advice? Thanks.
Which is the safer bet later on as a career?Any help?Will Electrical Engineering w/ Emphasis on Computer Engineering be enough to open the doors to not only hardware jobs but software developing and Database/System administration?They seem to swing way more towards Computer Science majors.
I'll only bump three times from here.
Bump #2
Bump #3Last hope
This is a bad time to post serious questions, it's 8am in Europe and around/after midnight in the US. Ask in like 12-14 hours, the discussion gets going then.
Major in Computer Games Programming, Minor in Pure Math for dat 300k nom sayin?
I figured this when I posted, but I am desperate and this honestly has me a little stressed. I don't want to fuck up. Thanks for the advice, I will follow it.Th-thanks for the reply!
Want some real advice? Don't come to 4chan for advice. Go to your school's CS/CE/EE departments and ask the instructors/TA's.
I'm majoring in Comp Sci and minority in Comp engineering because I like to program but dont want to be a codemonkey and I want to know about hardware and I like assembly but I'm frightened by all the math of EE
majoring in any science fieldafraid of math
Shut up you mouth breather
Highly depends in where you live op. In Germany for example CS is still a good option. I wouldn't study it in the US though...
PhysicsorMathGet real! Don't pick a babby course.
computer sciencescienceokay
cs is fine in the us, all my bros are getting 80k+ starting... da fuck are you talking about
I'm going into a computer science degree myself, haven't started just yet but what I can tell you is that you want to know what the difference is between the two specifically at the college/university you're attending. It varies from school to school. From my understanding, Computer Engineering and Comp. Sci can easily be double majored at my school. Computer Engineering here is working with devices and programming them to work efficiently, Comp. Sci is more to do with how to make programs themselves work efficiently.What you really want to do is not only do well in your classes, but to also develop connections with other students and/or develop/work on projects - especially ones with groups in them. If you want to succeed, anyway. Sure you could get by and only focus on your studies or only focus on projects, but you'll most likely end up another code monkey. You've gotta have some drive, you know. If you're aiming to be good with both hardware and software, you've got a lot of work ahead of you. You'd help yourself a lot if you understood exactly what kind of hardware/software you want to do. Running efficient embedded systems? Setting up secure, reliable servers and maintaining them? Optimizing processors and developing tools to utilize them better? You don't have to have everything figured out, neither do I. That's a little bit of what college is about. But it will help you immensely if you can at least pinpoint a general idea of what you want to do. Just "hardware and software" is pretty vague.This is from the perspective of someone not even in college, but I have talked with my counselors and my professors, as well as family members in the industry, and this is what I perceive to be the case. Good luck, fellow IT scholar.
Only goes to show that you have no understanding of what CS really is, so you keep spouting memes.
What would you say CS is?
Enroll for crystal math instead - but beware! It let's you become mature fast and separates you from your sub-par friends
as someone who has a cs degree from a top 50 school, I only had to take 2 real science classes
A scientific field filled with lots of idiots, but nonetheless a scientific field. Just because most people want to become some game developer after graduating doesn't mean you can't work academically.
I thought you were gonna be one of those shills that says all CS is is the theory of computation
EE is hard. CS is easy.Source: I did both, but actually finished CS.
I don't think its really possible for what you want to do. Even the guys who specialize in low level programming don't know all that much about hardware.
Nope, this is what I study, believe me it's full of anime watching mouth breathers who want to develop muh games. But I also got to see the other side of CS, which surprisingly can be very scientific. The problem is that CS is a very broad term and depending where you study it, it can be very different.
sooo whats the dif between IT and CS?
/thread
Well luckily I have competent social skills and will probably be considered a "people person" in my field, so I should go far
One is if you want to go completely curry nigger, the other is slightly curry nigger, depending on how retarded you are.
If you're good at math, yes. If not you're gonna end up being a brogrammer.
CS is the name of the field, when you are studying in the university.IT is a lowly paid job sector, where most of CS graduates will work in
most of these people get weeded out
IT is studying current technology surrounding information. CS is studying more abstract concepts rooted in discrete mathematics, computing, and programming. Someone with a CS degree is more likely to be a software developer while someone with an IT degree is more likely to be a network or database admin.
CS - you want to make stuffIT - you want to be the magic computer fix it man with a pager
Nope unfortunately not. I'm always surprised too, but they make it and they are the majority, giving cs a bad name.
Define "good" I was always in regular math classes in HS but I was honestly the smartest kid in my class. I really should have been in honors
If you study hard enough you can make it easily, but if you're just focusing on the programming courses instead because you don't like math, then you're gonna end up being a code monkey. Real cs is math, always keep that in mind.
You need to have all of elementary algebra on lock-down like 100% ace a test if you took it right now. You need to be good at calculus. It's dumb because you don't even use calculus and the small things you do use can easily be taught outside of the typical calculus class but thats the way it is.
oh and trigonometry as well.
I was in IT and was wondering because my university decided to change it to CS, I want my IT back
lol. no you don't
I dont really program or do what CS does, so I do
Absolutely this, or are you Indian by any chance?
Not Indian, give me every benefit of a CS over IT on what both do, I can still be "saved"
You really wanna walk around highschools all day fixing servers?
Is there a subset of computer engineering focused on quantum computing or would that fall under a different field entirely?
I would like to work with servers and fix them, but not sure about the highschool part
You learn how to program, you learn math, you get paid more. Even if you're a complete dingus in CS and only do good the retarded java programming courses, you're still much better of with it. Do you really want to spend the same amount of time and energy in IT and get paid less in the end? Do you really want to waste your time learning stuff that is even more meaningless than java?
even more meaningless than javayou spoke to me, I think I see the light, and I do want to get paid more than some random person in IT. I would like to work more with Sysadmin kind of things more than programming but I did decently in Python at the time I took IT
You can still do that with cs if you really want to.
Alright guess I'll be on board the CS train then
That just a strawman
EE = little bit of programming + transistors and resistors and all that gobbeldygookCE = low level programming stuff + higher level electrical stuffCS = math + deeper programming stuff like grammars + maybe some hardware stuff
old bread is toastprevious thread:if you can't be bothered to look at the previous threads description, then this thread is for you! contain your stupid questions here as many times as you like. bumping the thread does nothing. you are entitled to an answer, assert your rights as anonomoose!
Why isn't anyone using the question glasses guy anymore for these threads?If he's not liked anymore you should at least use an anime girl
anime girl in lieu of allan jude, the unquestionable qt of the linux world/out/
i have a galaxy s4 with a screen that wont work. i can see it but i cannot use it at all. i have pictures on the phone. i got all the pictures off the phone except the ones i "hid" using the galerys hide function. can someone direct me into getting them off their from the computer? or what directory it moves them too. ive seen it puts .hide infront of the file name but none of that is showing up when i look at the files from the computer. please help!! forums were no help.
Is this the guy from the BSD podcast? Why is he kawaii?
Are the AMD 300 and Nvidia 900 series cards rock-solid for DX12 or no? Not getting a direct yes/no because of these things called tiers or whatever.
you will never cuddle up with allan while he helps you install freebsd for the first timeWhy live?
is display port the future?
What would have more input lag?a laptop conencted to a monitor via VGAa laptop connected to a monitor via HDMI  DVI-D adapterInternet says that the only thing determining input lag would be the monitor, but I can't help but feel like the input lag with VGA is more noticeable. I don't know if it's all in my head though.It's an LCD monitor btw.
HDMI and DVI are both 4K compatible, they won't be going anywhere anytime soon at least in the consumer space.
Also would a 5ft cable vs a 1ft cable make a difference in either case?
You want to make sure you keep the cable length at an even number of feet, since an odd number will cause synchronous timing signal reflections.
Please give me a foolproof, step-by-step guide on home to change my IP address.Everything I try doesn't fucking work. It never has no matter what I do.
I would like to play with SSH on a local network play dungeon crawl off of a Rasberry Pi via SSH kind of thing, how safe is this? if it is not safe, how would I make it safe, or if there is a good resource that is beginner friendly.Thanks /g/
But, he is of the BSD camp!
How does WiFi range work?I have a router whose antenna has a "power" of 200ft.I have a laptop whose internal antenna has a "power" of 50ftWhat would the "effective wifi range" be?
Sitting next to it.
Are msi's eco boards worth the extra money. Want to oc on them. Is that gonna hurt anything.
What are some good approved tablets for bullshit use?
Where can i download a shit ton of lesbian pov porn without torrents. I need it for a project.Hardmode: good quality videos and not torrents
If I copy OS C: into My Passport G: and OS C: dies, will My Passport G: have everything on it including, my documents files, all my settings, and Windows 7 on it? Basically, will I be able to run the computer off of the external?
Wanna rice my android tablet. Ideas for launchers/icon packs that are /g/ approved?
It will work but use a cloning software. It does what you want, creates the same copy on the external HDD and you just plug it in.
Any recommendations for software?
Norton Ghost or you could just try and google something and see if you know how to use.
All right thanks, I'll do that now since this one keeps fucking clicking.
Seconding clonezilla. Worked for me like a charm, and there's tons of tutorials on how to backup your drives the way you're describing.
Is a 1 tb hdd that's full, weigh more than an hdd that has nothing written on it?
WHY THE FUCK WON'T MPV ADD MY FUCKING SUBTITLEI DID WHAT IT ASKED AND IT DOESN'T WORK AND IM NOT GOING TO USE VLC.  FUCK.
Yes. Undetectably so, but yes.
okay /g/, help me.built my machine almost exactly a year ago, bought an Asus BC-12B1ST bluray drive with it. The drive came barebones with no software, but i hadnt really payed any attention to it until recently, because it had been working fine for the rare times i use an optical drive at all.Then, I actually acquired some blurays. I had intended to rip them, but both player and ripper programs will not recognize any disks i put in the drive. The drive itself shows up in my computer and in said programs' selection boxes, but if i have a disk inserted all it says is "please insert disk".I'd like to avoid dropping $100 on another drive when this one supposedly has the hardware capability to play blurays, and I've looked everywhere for any resources I can think of that might help. You're my wallet's only hope, /g/
I've never installed freebsd so it is still in the realm of possibility for me
Dumb computer question: windows 7I am used to opening files by right click - open with and pick my program. Now I installed some new software and photoshop is no longer showing up in the "open with" menu. I don't want to set photoshop as the default program for somethin like jpeg but I want to easily open those files with it. How can I get it back on the list for open with?
So I'm using this photo management program but the internal viewer sucks, but when I use the external player it cycles through the images in the order they are in the  Windows Explorer folder. Is there anyway to make it cycle through the images in the order they are in the manager?
Is it possible to enable the double-tap-to-lock feature on the G3 with Nova set as the default home? I can double tap to wake it up, but not to lock it.
I keep getting this issue where I can't drag+drop an image into a quick reply form. On windows, firefox, ccd0. I get a red circle with a slash.Refreshing the page fixes it, but then it happens again and I don't know the cause.
I have that setup on my S5. Get Screen Off and Lock from the play store, set the app as the double tap gesture in Nova
Have the subtitle file in the same directory as the movie, named the same thing but with the srt extension. Then if it doesn't come up, V is the default bind to toggle subtitles. To explain the naming thing, you have "ThatNewMovie.mp4", make the subtitle file "ThatNewMovie.srt" and have them in the same folder. Also stop yelling, faggot.
basic video editing software for linux that will let me speed up a video?
this?slowmoVideo is an OpenSource program that creates slow-motion videos from your footage.But it does not simply make your videos play at 0.01× speed. You can smoothly slow down and speed up your footage, optionally with motion blur.How does slow motion work? slowmoVideo tries to find out where pixels move in the video this information is called Optical Flow, and then uses this information to calculate the additional frames between the ones recorded by your camera.
nice trips and almost quads, I'll check this out if its able to speed up my vid like you said.thanks!
Disregard that, I suck cocks.
FUCK YOU ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL FUCK FUCK YOU ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i had a friend buy the 280x sapphire vapor x, he got it on ebay. just in case the card comes in DoA, what do I do? Has ebay sided with the buyer? what about warranties?
seek help
So this is nooquestion here in all Ur desktop screenshots the terminal forms an image for example the Debian logo do you have to do it every time you boot and how does it work?
is a program called screenfetch
are you shitting all over /sci/ right now too?
How do i change the color scheme of i3 wm
Minimum desires required:CAD, Adobe suite mainly photoshop and premier, crysis, bf4, Witcher 3 all at atleast 90+fps don't need to be maxWould this be possible across three 1080p monitors or would it be better to 1440p dual monitor with the main being 144hz or just say fuck it and settle for 60hz@4k
What the hell is going on with my Laptop?
Is there not a fucking tab preview extension for Chrome?I don't remember ever having an issue having such an add-on for Firefox in the past.
What is going on when websites fail to load due to a network problem on my side, but steam chat still works?
copy pasta someone else's dots
does anybody know if time warner has data caps?
Look at the website.You should be able to see all the payment plans.
Don't know how I fucked that up.
I finally decided to get a turntable and some records. I'm going to be getting the AT-LP120 and I have a few questions about them and listening to a turntable in general.What equipment will I need? I have pretty good headphones and a stereo system but dont really know the equipment im gonna need to use them. If someone could note down the equipment ill need and a recommendation for each, it would be greatly appreciated.I won't be DJing or anything like that, just listening to records.
If I plug USB storage devices into my router RT-N16, will transfer speed be bottlenecked by my slow-ass 0.9 MB/s upload speed, or does it bypass your internet connection entirely? I just want to share a few videos with my brother.
Everyone on my floor at work has downloaded Google Chrome to use rather than the default IE8. Today, everyone got an email saying that this was detected and that they would be removing Chrome within three days if we hadn't done so by then.How did they know we were using Chrome and how can I block these attempts?
bumping for fucking interest. I've been trying to do this for years with honeyview
What do YOU recommend as far as a custom ROM on a GS4, anons?I hear a lot about a lot of things. I'm just asking for some opinions, experiences, etc.
I have a GS2 and have installed so many custom ROMs I've probably worn the memory to death, but always end up reverting to the stock firmware because of all the bullshit little issues you get.
I'm using a cheap tiny soldering iron to try and fix some headphones, the stuff on the PCB won't melt, what do? Should I just get a higher wattage/adjustable iron at some point?
any small speaker amp suggestion for my computer that also has a 3.5mm output for headphones for quick switch?
What was the best one, in your opinion?
What's a good alternative to Cheese in Arch or an Arch based distro?
I've got a PC that's been running fine for a few years now and today when I tried to boot it it just beeped at me like a cheeky cunt. Everything seemed to boot up ok except the display.The BOOT_DEVICE_LED lights up solid for a few seconds after it beeps at me, before beeping the cpu and dram leds light up sequentially a few times.What could cause it to just suddenly not work?
How is this loading from a location that I don't even have?I have already switched to Firefox because of the constant malware attacks on Chrome, but I decided to check in on things. I keep deleting this stuff and it comes back. Should I just uninstall Chrome? Can it infect Firefox too?
Is bridge mode able to be used with any router?  I have a Linksys E2000, and some users say bridge mode isn't supported on that model, and others say any router can essentially be used as a bridge.I wanna know if it's worth trying before troubleshooting all this stuff, I have no idea what I'm doing
Type the address into your File Explorer Address bar.  Some folders are hidden and can't be seen
malware attacksuse an adblockerand quit being retarded, I'm 99% sure it's all your fault and not the browser
Still not sure. I started spoofing my user agent using uMatrix, but I'm not sure if that will work. There's a network proxy for our protection, presumably in effect, if that helps any.
I feel very silly now. Thank you. It looks like it still does not work.I have had AdBlock on Chrome for over a year before the malware started its reign of terror. Even with countless MalwareBytes/CCleaner scans and completely uninstalling Chrome the problems still persisted. Thankfully I have had no issues with Firefox so far. I use uBlock now.
My HD has been fuckign burning up. Ran Speccy and it's at 93C Not sure what the fuck to do but I know it's not normal. Speccy says it's the motherboard and CPU. HD randomly beeps throughout the night. Not sure what to do brehs.
What's a good Apple alternative for pure schoolwork?
Good website to order some UTP wiring and audio jack so I can rewire some headphones?Having a hard time finding a place that can sell by the foot rather than entire spools of utp.
Have you tried removing your user data or just renaming it?  This will make chrome make a new user folder, and see if the extension pops up in that one.  If it still pops up, there's a very weird issue going on.
How long can a coax cables length be before it will lose quality? This is for Internet and not TV.
Google isn't helping with this one. So is the reason programs can't run cross different OS's that the programming language  is different? Idk why I get the impression that IOS and Windows and Linux run with the same language. If they are different are they all together different or do they all have a common language they are based on?
I need to hook up a monitor. The GPU has different slots to the monitor. Which of the following options is best?1. HDMI-miniHDMI2. HDMI-miniDisplayPort3. VGA-miniHDMI4. VGA-miniDisplayPort
being a straight man, should i shave the hair on and around my anus and balls?
How do i change my ru torrent webui login pass? running it on my own dedicated server....
I live in a place without working wall ethernet ports, and the router is quite a distance away from my room.Is it possible to have my desktop wirelessly connect to the internet with the same effectiveness as an average laptop computer, or is that asking for a lot?  I'd rather not use a shitty USB dongle.
Yes. Every two weeks is optimal. Stops it from getting unruly again. The fortnightly will be much faster than the first one.
Avoid vga if you can
HDMI-to-HDMITry not to use a converter/converted cabled when possible - although, some won't matter, but for you, don't worry about it.
If only they made some kind of PCI/PCI-e wireless cards.
Are these as good as laptop wireless cards?  What parameters should I look out for?  Are they all pretty much compatible?I just know very little about networking
Just go to newegg, and search for the best rated one that fits into your motherboard, ain't hard anon.
Internet in the house:I need help deciding how I should get internet to the rest of the house in the most effective way aka better download speeds everywhereCurrently using an ISP provided modem/routerHardwired I'm getting 50mbps downWi-Fi range is shit, I'm getting 2-15 down 30-50ft awayI need to get a better wifi connection to the rest of the houseI tried a cheap router which didn't help at allI tried moving the modem to the living room where everything wifi is related and then using a power-line to hardwire in my room - wifi was okay at best and the power-line was only getting me 20 downWhat would work best in this situation?Wifi ranger extender?A medium-to-high end router in my room hardwired to the modem?Longer coax cable to move the modem close, hopefully giving a stronger signal?Similar to power-line but a power-line wifi extender?
thank you.
They'll all do the same function with the big difference being in upload/download speeds and range. Just get a run of the mill decent one and see how it works out, I think they're like $30.
Any android apps to lock other android apps? Bonus if they are completely hidden when lockedDouble bonus doesn't require root
Anyone?
1 check the specs of your wireless adapter usb/pcie whatever you use, usb are usually capped between 16 and 54 Mbit/s2 if yours is one of these 54 Mbit/s but still get shit speeds, then try making this amplifier: if the speed is still bad, then you need to get a proper amplifier, likr this: 
What kind of cool stuff could I do with a siemens LOGO device? How is it programmed?
I am coming to /g/ with this question because I know a lot of you have ventured into the STEM and IT fields. I could really use some help.I know what I am about to ask is more complicated than I make it out to be, and when it comes to being hired, a degree isn't the only thing that matters Experience and past projects, etc., however, I need general input from people who may have been down the same road.I want to have experience and knowledge on both sides of computing. Hardware AND software. To be competitive in the job market on both sides of the field hardware AND software what do I need to do, education wise?With the way things are right now I have these options:Bachelors degree in either Electrical Engineering w/ Emphasis on Computer EngineeringorComputer Science?My understanding is that Comp Sci focuses all on theory and software, and EE focuses almost entirely on hardware, and then some firmware.How do I get both sides? Would minoring in CS and majoring in that EE be worth it, or retarded? I really want the knowledge of both major fields, but don't exactly desire the workload of a double major. I think I am asking for too much here.Any well appreciated advice? Thanks
Just a stupid question, what's the difference between a CPU and a GPU? Never got that right.
You are right, it is a stupid question. The cpu is the processor, the gpu the dedicated graphics processor. Fucking retard.
Bazinga
install gentoo
Keep away from VGA unless you want to fix conflicts whenever you update your drivers.
OH, I don't fucking know, maybe the C fucking PU is the COMPUTER processing unity and the G fucking PU is the graphics processing unity? You fucking processor and fucking graphics card? This gotta be a troll.
CPU = Central Processing Unit, it manages everything.GPU = Graphic Processing Unit, it's like a CPU but specialized in graphic processing.
Do GPU process movies and video editing or is that CPU? Not that persn.
So if a GPU's power measurement is in Video RAM why is a processor measured in GHZ? What's the difference between GHZ and RAM?
both answers in there
can I replace any sata hard drive in a laptop with an ssd? And does the cpu/mobo matter?
Can i embed Lua in a C program, compile it, then port it to a Windows system from my Linux box ? I'm guessing i cannot because Lua isn't installed on Windows ?
I'm trying to troubleshoot my rig not booting properly and I've found something kind of strange.I can't see the VGA_LED on the mobo because the fucking GPU is completely blocking the view. How am I supposed to know if it's lighting up along with the BOOT_DEVICE_LED?
allan judelinux
i have both an app called 'Google Play Store' and 'Google Play', the latter of which has a puzzle piece logowhat the hell is 'Google Play'? is it related to the google play store?google tells me nothing
That's bullshit, GPU power isn't measured in VRAM but mega hertz, like CPU 1000 MHz = 1 GHz: can have 16 GB VRAM but if your GPU clock speed is shit, it won't be faster than any other GPU with 2 GB VRAM and better clock speed, because VRAM is like a "queue" where data is kept temporarily waiting to be used RAM = Random Access Memory, more VRAM only means your GPU have enough to never go out of memory space but very rarely games require more than 4 GB VRAM.I'm not an engineer so I don't know the details but this is what I remember from tech. ed. lessons in middle school.
if its just in your lan it should be safe as long as no one has broken into your network just don't open ports on your modem and you'll be fine
Thank you, Anon.
in linux which option for the dig command will help me find a mail server on a domain
yes you can and no the cpu/mobo doesn't matter as long as its got sata and the ssd has sata
Why is Windows 8.1 considered shit?
If I want to develop games which should I choose, Information Technology or Computer Science?
Same reason why Windows 10 is considered shit. Too much integration with Tablets that interfere with the overall appearance and settings.
Is it possible to remotely clone a drive over the network to a NAS?
Information TechnologyL O L
How about going to intuitions that actually focus on video game design?
Under certain circumstances I can only pick from one of the two.
I try to use my android phone as a keyboard but the USB Keyboard app doesn't recognize that my kernel supports this yet it does in theoryIs there anything I'm missing?
Because of the inconsistent schizophrenic UX, app/Metro bloat, inferior start/search and egregious OneDrive integration.
If you even considered IT for game design then you've got a lot of learning ahead of you.
When you install Mint "alongside an existing OS", what actually happens?I don't remember how exactly I partitioned the system not mine, but I'm fairly sure I set up a separate home, maybe separate boot. Now the machine needs a fresh reinstall but it may be performed by a someone who would not know what a partition is, much less how to set them up during installation. Would the installer automagically pick up on the home partition or at least prompt to add it to the fstab, or would it make a whole new set of virtual partitions?machine in question is 400 miles awaymint user guides don't explaincant try it out myself even on vbox b/c poor nigger with old netbookif it were Slackware, I would not be having this problem
Since iOS 9 is compatible with all iOS 8 devices, the iPhone 4S will have had at least 5 years of support, from 2011 to 2016. That's amazing.
They make people buy new iPhones by giving them updates that the hardware can't handle. That's amazing.
It's planned obsolescence without having to admit it.
I just got a co-op in IT. I am officially a database admin assistant and tier 1 support desk, but theres only maybe one query max that needs to be done per day and like 5 tickets that need to be resolved. After that, I am left with 6 of my 8 hour shift with nothing to do.I would love to slack off as much as the next guy, but my screens are facing a busy hallway and I dont feel right about slacking off too much anyway.My superviser isnt going to show me active directory or any other systems used to solve tier 2 tickets for the next couple weeks/months, so I am stuck here with nothing to do.Any suggestions as to how to be productive at work even though theres nothing to do?
Talk with people in irc using a command line irc client.Looks like work until you get up close to it
hissssss................ssssss.................
hisssss............sssss........
hissssss................ssssss.................
Well i mean, I would rather be productive anyway. My office is really casual, so I usually listen to podcasts/pandora anyway while I am working. I kind of wanted to do something where I am actually earning my pay haha
This is your first real job isn't it
bring pdfs to read. you can read on your cellphone
Try coming into work blazed as shit
Working on personal programming projects also looks like work, until someone gets up close enough to read what you're typing and is also technically minded and knows what you're supposed to be doing.
Can you give me an example of a query the company typically asks you to write? How are you told what to do? Do they just ask "write a query that returns the highest spending customers" or something like that? Please tell me OP. I want to prepare myself.
Bring/download books that interest you and are related somehow to your field. Read them, take notes, study. You'll still look busy AND avoid pointless busy work. Might as well get paid to learn.
Draw furry porn.I'm not even being sarcastic.
Sorry about the lare reply.I work for a large nonprofit, but we have a form and report system that is our front end for everyone to use, and then we do our back end stuff on access. An employee would often time ask something like "can you give me a list of corporations that have donated at least twice in the past, but have not donated yet in 2015." The only annoying part is that since the database is large, it isnt really intuitive to hardcode it in SQL, you have to use access design view.
hissssssss...................sssssssssssssss.......................
I might honestly do this. I have not really found myself enjoying coding in school, but at least sql clicks in my mind really easy, so maybe if I take a different angle at learning to programand shoot, getting paid to do it cant be too badThat being said, I sti dont feel right taking advantage of the company, so maybe I will just see if there is some language that they use for scripting and just learn that to at least benefit the company in some way.
Just go on 4chan all day.
op are you me? I've got a similar gig. first week I just played morrowind on my laptop. shit was cash. now im doing what the thread recommended.
aalso, I spent about a week drawing up a new pc build and shitposting on here
yeah, so when the tier 2 work comes you'll be good at it. nothing unethical about that, OP!
full spectrum autist
ADtier 2Oh god, what?
hissssss................ssssss.................
hisssss.......sssssss........
hisssss..............ssssssssss....................
Whats the pay like OP, is it stressful? I am a lazy who fuck and would like a job like that and databases is not my weakest subject in uni.
Hisssssssss........sssssss.......
hissssss................ssssss.................hissssss................ssssss.................hissssss................ssssss.................hissssss................ssssss.................hissssss................ssssss.................
Learn Prolog.
You're telling me people do things other than this at work?
Learn programming
Hssssss..........sssssssssss.........BOUT TO GET THROWED UP IN HERE
mfw those sunglasses are technically from my little pony and that would be more than enough to make /v/ shit itself to deathhissssss...............ssssss...............
, 
"It's got a 28.8  bps modem!"
RISC is gonna change everythingYeah RISC is good!Also, it has twice the refresh rate of the pentium!
Computers never lie kid!
Hack the planet


Don't fear, I is here.

Mess with the best, die like the rest.
There are worst things than death , I can do all of them.
tfw I unironically love this movie.also, those are some nice digits OP
Yo, sup? I'm the phreak. ...The Phantom phreak? The king of ninex? Yo, I know you play the game...
Well , let me explain the new world order. Governments and corporations need people like you , and me , we 're samurai , the keyboard cowboys , and all those people down there are the cattle , mooooooooooooo.
HACK THE PLANETTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Hackers, Sneakers & Pirates of Silicon Valley. Best computer movies, don't bother with the rest.
you will never go to a roller-skates club where people admire you for your epic hackswhy even live bros
Was the 90s hacker culture really like this?
you seriously have to ask?
No takedown?"Your Kung fu no good here!"
TRASHING OUR RIGHTSTRASHHHHHINNGG
TRUE HACKER DETECTEDhave you seen the skills of the hacker in this vid? 
I want him to insert his external drive in to me.
well shit. I missed out.
this 3.5" floppy disk3.5"
I miss the 90's, it seemed like such a simpler time.
forgot antitrust?in the real world when you kill people. THEY DIE!
7.6 megahertznot stronk enough for 144p.
It was the height of America probably. Like being at the height of the Roman Empire before the fall.
Hey, /g/. 26 year old loser here.When I graduated high school I planned to major in computer science, but got cold feet and wound up dicking around my home town instead of going to school. All I really did were gen eds at community college and an associate's.I only got up to pre-calc in high school and basic college math in CC. If I wanted to go back to school and study comp sci now, how hard do you think it would be?There are obviously a lot of pre-reqs I need, but I'm asking purely in terms of difficulty level. I was never terrible at math, really. Not exactly stellar either, but I'm not sure how much of that was hormonal/autistic teenager frustration and how much of it was actually me being retarded.I want to make something of myself, and being that I am a shut-in my life pretty much revolves around computers anyway, so I figure I might as well make the most of it.
What languages do you currently know? You should least learn the basics of programming before you make that sort of decision.
Too hard for you since you seem to lack discipline. but as long as you acquire discipline to do the work then it shouldn't be too hard.
Won't I learn things like that in introduction to computer science? I admit, I don't really know much of anything.Even if I have to sit through a litany of baby-mode courses, I am confident that I can do it given the time.
just do it you fucking pussy"Do I want a 6 figure job /b/ ?"That's literally what you just asked
Also, what's the most basic starting point I could choose?
It's not that simple. What if I'm not smart enough?I'm really asking if someone who hasn't studied math in 8 years is too stupid to do this or not.
Have you thought about talking to someone from whatever school you want to attend?...I think people go overboard when they say you should already know languages and be a master of programming prior to entering a comp sci program.  They will spoonfeed you, just like they spoonfeed Indians who have never even been in a classroom that has electricity and has never used an actual decent toilet.Anyways, one thing about this worries me.being that I am a shut-in my life pretty much revolves around computers anyway, so I figure I might as well make the most of it.I know that some people seem to perpetuate this myth that comp. sci is autism: the career, but that is a lie.Ask anyone here who isn't a freelancer, or who didn't get lucky enough to be in one of the few remaining isolation-style jobs, and you'll realize really fast, that it's like any other job: office politics, being passed over for promotions because you're not social enough, and being hated for being a wierd autist.If you want to make something of yourself, the first thing that needs to go is your laziness.  You are consciously admitting you're being lazy and reaching at low-hanging fruit that may not even exist.
YOU might beA normal person should be able to accomplish it no problem.Most schools are going to start you at college algebra and you will work your way up to discreet mathagain, this all about manning up and not being a fucking pussy
CS is a fucking joke. Go to EE/SE/CE and get a real degree.
It isn't about whether you are smart enough or not.It's about putting in hard work.Quit treating education and skills like you are born with the talent, and start realizing you can attain your goals if you're willing to put in the time and effort to put luxury and fun aside to get better at stuff.
I went in with the same concerns as you. I'm 27, started my comp sci studies in 2012. I went in with no math background. I'm going to my final year and have done really well. The maths at third level is really enjoyable and you don't need to be a genius to understand it, just hard work and dedication. Good luck.
You have a point there... I can't deny that I got myself where I am fucking nowhere good by being a lazy piece of shit and shirking opportunities.My family is well off and could easily help me pay for school. Shit, they would rush me out the door if I just bucked up and did this.I'm not interested in autism: the career. I just want to do something fulfilling and worthwhile with my life, and computers are pretty much all I know. Its not a totally apt comparison, but I'm that guy who always fixes everyone's shit for them, has the patience to read and troubleshoot dense shit that others get overwhelmed by. If I'm already that guy now, I would bet that I'd just need to put the time in.Can you guys recommend any good resources to give myself a test drive and see if I can handle the basics?What's CE? I've considered EE but again, there's the intimidation factor of "am I smart/motivated enough?"Never thought I'd get words of encouragement from 4chan. Thanks
I'll throw some advice your way.I'm a student about to finish my degree and I can say what has worked for nontraditional students in the past and what doesn't.The biggest factor is general if your personal/financial life is stable outside of classes. Trust me classes are not that hard, but if you have to work +8 hrs a day and you have to choose between food and electricity this month then your not going to do well.Even if you show a faint interest in a subject I've found most teachers will bend over backwards to try and teach it to you. With enough help even complete idiots will pass extremely complex classes.tl:drGood finances and Personal life = CS degreeBad finances or Personal life = 50/50 chance of degreeBad finances and Personal life = No degree
Just so you know OP, if you do decide to go down this path, you CAN NOT remain a shut-in.You will need to be social, friendly, and learn to network.The more friends and acquaintances you have, the higher your chances of getting a job that won't make you hate your life right out of college.
I have a buddy who got through 90% or so of his computer science degree from a shitty no name private school. He is totally an autist but still could find a coding job a month after he began his search. Robert half tech
If you want to do something fulfilling, definitely go for something you love to do. I ended up choosing to do CS with no programming knowledge except dicking around in actionscript 2.0 in middle school simply because I loved computers. Building, repairing, etc. But it really isn't about that. You really have to find some facet of it that motivates you or you'll fall behind and drop out like so many of the people I used to know in first year. Luckily I found programming quite an interesting new way to be creative, and computer security is fun as shit. Essentially, yeah you can do it with no programming experience. As long as you aren't computer illiterate, you can get to an adequate level on your own / with their guidance. You will have to work though. And hard. Be willing to put in the time.
I hope you're not a gamer, OP.Any degree worth doing is going to be 4 years of minimal gaming.
I'm currently on my third year of compsci, but I started at 18. However I have a friend in class who is 27 and is doing well. He also works night shifts loading crates onto trucks for some clothing company to pay bills/education. Really cool dude.If you feel like it go ahead. But, if I were you I would go for software engineering. Less maths, same jobs.
You just need to put in the work, that's all there is to it. So long as you're actually willing to work and aren't in a situation which would prevent that having to work through all your free time for example, then you'll be fine.The material really isn't that difficult so long as you make an effort to keep up.
can do it with no programming experiencelooking at all the people I knew and who dropped out, being somewhat competent at maths improves your chances of passing way more than already having coding experience.
You'll learn everything from the ground up, so don't worry about that. I didn't know a single thing about computer science or programming when I started my degree.
What???
Hahahahah. I already went the route of doing something I love. Can you say "art student?" I'm a wannabe sound designer. I want to do it for vidya, but vidya is incredibly hard to break into without some programming skills.Which brings us toYeah, I'm a gamer, but hey, at least I'm not retarded enough for a game design or interactive media degree. I think if push came to shove I could put down games for the most part. I've done it before purely out of socializing.I should add that I'm only a shut in as of the last couple years. Between high school and 2013 or so I was really social and didnt game much at all. I wasn't doing anything more productive instead... But I at least know that I can live without playing vidya.How much of a difference is there? Honest question
If you're 26 years old and still this clueless with computers you clearly dont have the interest or motivation needed to succeed. Just find something else to do or keep dicking around WHILE learning programming and shit on your own before considering this.
If you genuinely want to use your compsci knowledge to develop games, then take gamedev. Take what you want to learn. Software engineering, in my experience, is similar to compsci but with more of an emphasis on standards and good, official practises found in other kinds of engineering. I'm a compsci student but I've had to take plenty of software engineering courses.
Where would you recommend I start? The better prepared I am, the more confident I'll be, and I've found that's the source of my few successes in life, that I believed I could succeedIf I try to learn stuff on my own and don't make progress, that would probably be a good indicator of how I'll do, yeah?
You need to ask yourself if you're aiming for a CS degree because of a passion for the computer science itself, or because you're a simple tech interested guy who feels a pressing need to "grow up". You don't necessarily need a CS degree to be a complete and happy person.I spent several years convincing myself that I must become an engineer, while suppressing my true feelings about where I want to take my life. I eventually realized that I was about to set myself up for a sad life and started focusing on my personal projects instead. Now I'm learning Japanese and Chinese, and I will try to find Virtual Reality work in Asia after getting a computer graphics degree and building up a portfolio. This is audacious but it's my dream set in stone and I will bet everything on it, no regrets.Before setting out to become a highly specialized professional, ask yourself if it's REALLY what you want to do. It's not all about a nice salary, you have one life.
The problem is that there's nothing I can really study to make my dream of being a sound designer happen. It's not the kind of thing where you just get some credentials and then a job and work for one company. Another art degree isn't going to really help me with that, and won't get me some other job that pays well.All the production houses and recording studios are all full up with guys who have been doing it since I was shitting in diapers, none of whom have any intention of leaving. Freelancing is basically the only option for it and it's incredibly difficult, because the big projects that pay well usually get handed to those same post-production houses.Getting into film audio or music production is plainly luck, and vidya is a no-go without programming knowledge, hence my want for something CS or similar. But you raise a good point, because if I go this route I could easily end up being a codemonkey in something unrelated to what I really want to do.I guess I'm looking at it like, "my dreams are ridiculous and will probably never happen, so I should do something practical."
So you are a fucking NEET and supported by your parents? Did they not fucking give you an ultimatum to go to college and get your damn job ticket? What the fuck is wrong with people.Even if you were to go to college, you're the reason why everything is a fucking half-assed mess. All you recent comp-sci grads are in it purely for the money and have no fucking drive/passion to build things of quality.Fuck you, do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool.
But if you think you can make your dreams happen by doing a CS course, why not?I am also kinda in dubio, I am starting my IT bachelor soon. I only know basic javascript, HTML and css. But I am told that they will start from scratch so I am not worried about that.I think it is more a question if you want to put the X hours in every week required to get it.
All you recent comp-sci grads are in it purely for the money and have no fucking drive/passion to build things of quality.What if they do but they cannot get hired for shit? And how the fuck is someone with a degree considered to be NEET?
Wow, we made it this far into the thread before the first edgemaster postShitty programmers didn't start with my generation, bud, the most successful piece of shit OS in the world would like a word with you
 comp sci grad cannot get hired
I was basically in this exact same situation as youmy uni teaches c++ which is a real fucking bitch as a first languagein the introduction to programming subject nearly half the students drop the course within a few, weeks and over half of the students who decided to stay in the course still fail it on their first attemptthat math subjects require advanced high school level maths but again, more than half of the students fail the first maths subjecthere's the thing though, none of it is that hard as long as you put in the time and effort and it's a *lot* of time and effort especially if you have to hold down a job at the same timethe trouble is the pace: anyone can learn to code and can learn math, but NEETfags who learn those things by themselves study at their own pace which makes it much easierat university you are learning *everything* and at a bewilderingly rapid pace based on a strict schedule that you have no control overthat time compression and stress of deadlines makes it far more challengingso succeeding is basically about time management, and since you have more time now then you will have later it's best to take advantage of that and pre-learn the basic stuffi'd suggest getting at least elementary math down arithmetic/algebra before you study, and learning basic programming concepts as well variables, conditionals, iterations, functions is not only a good use of your time now but it will give you an idea of what you will be doing and if you can/want to be doing itlearn the concepts through the language that your college will teach, or if you don't know then learn them through learning basic c++ since that's what you'll probably be doing for vidyayou can do the first 10 lessons on that then you will be miles ahead of most students, if you can do the first 20 then even better, and your stress levels will be down considerablythe first year is the hardest
also, I'm not really NEET, I do work. it's just loser work. but it's work nonetheless. somebody has to shovel the shit, right?the point of this thread is that I don't want to shovel shit anymore, I want to actually do something with my life. that's kind of the opposite of a NEET, who is just content to leech off of everyone else. no autism bux here.
Then why is it so fucking hard to go to college and get that piece of paper? You're on an imageboard trying to fucking find excuses to NOT do it.If you really wanted to fucking stop shoveling shit, you wouldn't be on an imageboard looking for advice as to the 'difficulty' level, because that's pure horseshit and you know it.You want the short version? Here it is. College will start from the BOTTOM of what you need to know, they are going to SPOONFEED you EVERYTHING. Take notes, study everyday, and it'll be a fucking joke.If you want to actually be GOOD and find a solid non-codemonkey cubicle job, study BEYOND what was covered in school. Read shit online, take courses, look into architecture if your school doesn't teach it, look into good programming practices, watch/attend conferences, etc.It's really not that fucking hard if you actually gave a shit, which you clearly don't because you're still on 4chan asking people to talk you out of it.
OP if you are still here1 I came back to study CS at 27, it is 3+2 years here in yurop, I am in my 4th year now2 You can go in without programming experience but I would advise against it. The school is not easy and you will need a lot of time for assignments and math studying, no reason not to start familiarizing yourself with the languages that you will use - look up the sylabus of the classes, for me that was Python and C in the 1st year.3 MATH - I was also always a B, sometimes even C student in math class in HS went up to calculus because I had to, this is not in the US. The math in uni, almost 10 years later, felt completely different. I had my shit together, studied, focused. I was doing so well, kicking myself for slacking in HS I planned on a different career when in HS though, not math related.I also did all this while working full time but I don't have a social life or family so I had weekends etc.
my uni teaches c++ which is a real fucking bitch as a first languageIf you're incompetent, sure
graduatecan't get hiredeither they're not looking hard enough - should ask friends, get someone to forward their resume as a possible new hire/intern - or just suck at interviews.tfw got my job with nothing but highschool degreestudying part-time now, life feels good.
c++ = hard
Not that guy, but it sure is a pain compared to like, Java, the usual "my first language" language.
Java would be a better first language than C++.class="quote"Why pure virtual function is initialized by 0?The reason =0 is used is that Bjarne Stroustrup didn't think he could get another keyword, such as "pure" past the C++ community at the time the feature was being implemented. This is described in his book, The Design & Evolution of C++, section 13.2.3:The curious =0 syntax was chosen ... because at the time I saw no chance of getting a new keyword accepted.He also states explicitly that this need not set the vtable entry to NULL, and that doing so is not the best way of implementing pure virtual functions.I feel sorry for people who need to use this shit.
Too old.
I recently changed my major from Pharmacology to CyberSecurity because I came to the conclusion that it just wasn't for me and in Summer 2013 I decided I wanted to learn all I could about technology and found the pace I was picking things up was as if I had a knack for itWent from running Windows 7 to Ubuntu to completely riced to my tastes Arch install in less than 3 months with having literally no terminal or programming knowledge beforehand outside of HTML and CSSPlus I have always had an interest in computers and technology as a whole. The final piece of the foundation was all of the recent major hackings and DDoS attacks by various blackhats and thought I may be able to put my knack for technology I discovered to use in a productive way.I want to go into Ethical Hacking because I like the idea of being put to the test of finding holes/vulnerabilities in a server or network's security and gauging the size of their risk they carry. Because what I will be getting paid by that company to do it is chump change compared to what they potentially have to lose if they suffer a massive security/data breach.I'm actually actively researching the certifications and degrees I'd need to look desirable to an employer. I set the goal to get Comptia Security+ and CTPC and CTPE and OSCPTl;dr: Not in it for money but to be productive
Could be that anon's school sucks and doesn't structure the course properly. Being subjected to bad teachning can make things seem harder than learning them on your own.
Also it can make you hate that subject or language entirely. Happened to me in History in HS but I met someone at my uni who got me interested in it again.
If you think those old-farts you call professors are going to teach you anything of value for when you leave academia, you're in for a rude awakening. There are so many online resources that make it so fucking simple, it's not like your prof. is the only source of material you fucking have to learn from.
Well, just remember that in the end it isn't necessarily about getting rich or feeling unabashed when telling people about your job by the dinner table. Follow your dreams responsibly.
You don't need any pre-knownledge to study CSIt's good to have it, but you dont need, you will only have to apply yourself more
I think you should pursue what you want to be. It's hard, yeah, but having a goal like that is nice. I have no idea what I want to do, and I don't really like my job. I'm a little bit jealous, I wish I had a "dream."
lesson 1: "this is a goto statement. NEVER use gotos ever."lesson 2: "this is a throw statement. ALWAYS throw all the time."
Maybe I was lucky but mine academia exeprience was about 50:50 mixure of stuff that actually matters and useless shit you only need to get a graduation paper.Or it's because I'm not murrican.
What's CE?Computer Engineering.
You have to do Electrical Engineering and then head down the DSP route. Forget CS, it's pretty far from what you want.
pls dont do comp sci maybe just minor in it and go for physics with emphasis in electric eng and cloud computing. it's worth it far more than CS starting salary wise and you dont need much language training. just know compiling C and java since thats all ppl will expect of you
emphasis in cloud computing?Don't you have to do computer science to do cloud computing?
How does one network properly when they're shit at making friends and relationships in general?
what the fuck are you talking about?
Sorry to interrupt your discussion OP, but I need help, too.Which one is better?Bachelors degree in either Electrical Engineering w/ Emphasis on Computer EngineeringorComputer Science?I want to have experience with both hardware AND software, but my understanding is that Comp Sci focuses all on theory and software, and EE focuses almost entirely on hardware, and then some firmware.How do I get both sides?Would minoring in CS while majoring in EE be retarded? To be competitive in the job market on both sides of the field hardware AND software what do I need to do besides throwing away my entire life for a double major?
Unless you are actually retarded most of it comes down to dedication, motivation and diligence and not so much "talent" or "intelligence"
Options for a guy doing a CS-related degree discrete mathematics who doesn't really enjoy programming? Don't get me wrong I got high grades in the core modules.Also why do I hear so many tales of people failing their classes? Do your universities not have entry requirements or something?
Also why do I hear so many tales of people failing their classes? Do your universities not have entry requirements or something?I think its because so many students go into Comp Sci without knowing jack shit or even really appreciating the field. They just use facebook and twitter all day, or play video games a lot and figure it will be easy for them since they use technology everyday.
I don't think that's true on my course, but then the entry requirements for the CS course were pretty high including mathematics, I think students knew what they were expecting.
Can anyone please help me out on this and give me some advice?I know I came into this thread really late, but I don't want to have to make another thread.
Computer science may be too math-focused for what you are aiming for, if it's anything like my department the courses will be similar with lots of optionals anyway, just pick the modules which are relevant to you.What modules interest you guys? Curious
in the introduction to programming subject nearly half the students drop the course within a few, weeks and over half of the students who decided to stay in the course still fail it on their first attemptIt sounds like you go to a horrible school with really dumb students. My intro course was in C++ and it was a slightly more difficult than average class.
Machine learning, advanced topics in algorithms, advanced databases, and computer graphics for GPGPUThis is a recipe for getting rich
That's actually pretty similar to what I was thinking, as a discrete mathematician I thought computer graphics could be a good field for me, having taken 20 weeks of linear algebra.The concept of machine learning alone interests me, and I surprisingly really enjoyed the core database module.Advanced topics in algorithms/complexity of algorithms are core for discrete mathematics, not for CS though. Their only core module is the project.
But then pretty much all of the modules interest me, and some of the maths modules do too like set theory. Every year I spend at university the more I want to learn, it's pretty infuriating. Almost makes me want to overcredit.
Think about where you want to be after you finish and write it down.Then take the list of the modules and pick those that will bring you closer to that goal. CG is nice, but there are not games in the gaming industry. You either have to compete with millions of others on Steam or *store, or if you are really good, you'll end up working 6 days a week as a slave for the EA or other big gaming company.The only CG field that's worth it today is the highly technical one aka SIGGRAPH that is used in the movie industry, e.g. writing raytracers for specific highly complex and unconventional scenes e.g. fractals, black holes, etc. or designing algorithms to simulate different kinds of materials e.g. snow. good knowledge of math will always give you an upper hand in about every field regarding computers. Whether you use linear algebra for 3D graphics, computer vision or page ranking algorithm, it's the same kind of math.Crunching numbers through GPGPU/CUDA is also worth it when doing security testing through fuzzing, brute-forcing or machine learning.I really suck at math and I'm just about to start CS in computer security. I have rather advanced knowledge in this field, but my math is literally on the elementary school level. Halp plox. Thx.
I wouldn't take extra credits unless I was getting a dual major/degree out of it. You can always get a masters later, and auditing courses when you already have a degree is a much cheaper way to learn.
meant to write :there are no money in the gaming industry.
then explain Gabeninb4: virtual headwear industry
explain Gabenpic relatedWhen it comes to the crunch - Unpaid overtime in the games industryclass="quote"Why Game Developers Keep Getting Laid Offclass="quote"How to get into the games industry – an insiders' guide
Thanks for the advice guys, all noted.I wasn't meaning to get into games development, I was more interested in the subjects themselves. I really have no clue what I want to do on graduation, I might stick around for a master's or go for a year in software development/database management to see if it suits me. Will probably depend on how much I enjoy doing my academic project next year investigating decidability of equivalence of deterministic pushdown automataYeah I haven't overcreditted yet in my degree, too concerned about my grades.Might end up going abroad too for my master's since UK has the highest tuition fees in EU.I'm off to bed now so won't reply still revising for finals
Forgot to add :virtual headwear industryIt will collapse once deluded people start shooting others IRL. The  health issues both physical and mental regarding prolonged use of non-shitty VR headsets with highly precise tracking are still unexplored. You can expect people to prefer waking up in a VR, eat cheese all day in Skyrim and wonder why they still feel hungry.href="#p48399044" class="quotelink"Good luck. protip: Have a look at the job listings and see what companies ask for.
One last question though, any advice for discrete mathematics graduates? As far as I know this is the only undergraduate degree of its type in the UK, so we don't get much specialised careers advice.In terms of maths maybe try to get a hold of the lecture notes in advance and work through them, sooner you can start working on your weaknesses the better I guess
Go for it.I graduated with a BS/MS in Mathematics and discovered that my passion is in technology.  I'm going back for an MS in MechE with a concentration in Robotics & Control Theory.Oh, joy.
How one gets into math ? How to study it ?
Working on an SE degree right now. I'll say this; Its tasking - but mostly because it's time consuming. There have been no insurmountable challenges. If you have the time to put towards the work, you'll be fine. If you're looking for math specifics, my school requires the following:-Calculus 1 & 2-University Physics 1 & 2-Linear Algebra-Discrete-Statistics and Probability 1 & 2-One additional math elective of your choice Multi variable, Differential Equations, etc None of these things on their own is overwhelmingly difficult, especially with the flood of help available on the internet and hopefully on campus. You're on the internet so you've got the resources, you've got to make the call for yourself if you have the time. The last thing I'd say is if you are in it for the money, don't bother. If you aren't truly interested the program will beat you down.
Read introductory college-level textbooks and solve exercises and problem sets. Math is broad as shit, so you have to figure out what you like or have an idea of what you want to develop skills for
What do you mean?  You read and practice.  You usually read a sequence of steps i.e., an algorithm and then apply it on a multitude of problems.  CompSci majors taste the edge of a proofs based course in Discrete Math, but they don't really delve into it 100% primarily because they don't need to.  Most of the math you'll encounter as a CompSci major will be considerably "low level" math.  Note that this does not mean that the courses won't be hard -- they're just considered low level in the math BS degree.
Thanks for your input. I already have all the resources needed. Now I just have to sit down in silence, focus and train. I was hoping for a 'shortcut'.
In life, there's no shortcut at all.  I wish there was, but there isn't.  You'll have to stay in on weekends studying, putting in the midnight oil from time to time and and sacrificing "fun" time.  In some ways, you're lucky in the sense that you have parents who are well off financially.  Me, on the other hand?  I have to work consistently to support my mother who is unemployed and myself.Anywho, to be great or good at anything, anything at all, you can't take shortcuts.  Besides, it's not really the goal that matters ... but the journey.  Sounds ludicrous, but true.
I have learned that by hard. As a college student I wasn't lucky enough to find a job in a foreign crisis during the crisis and the support for students we were ought to get wasn't given to us illegally. My friends, myself including were starving, having no sure place to stay next month. This went on for over 3 years. It completely disintegrated my personality, broke my will and destroyed my health.After I finished my Bc. I started working, for less than a minimum wage as programmer in a big well-known multinational company. I was happy to have money for food in Scandinavia. After over 3 years there, I have saved enough money to support myself for next 2 years at least.I want to study further, because I want to know. I want to expand my abilities in understanding this world by asking the right questions and using the right techniques to answer them.sorry to hear about your mother. It must be hard, but don't let it break you, because it's hard to get back on the track. It's just part of the ride, it'll be over soon.
Universities are more or less required to assume that people going into a major know nothing about it. The exception to this are the fine arts, where they have you demonstrate your skills before you're officially allowed into the program.Of course, these universities also have facility to allow you to skip classes. Since you're an old fuck compared to most of these college kids, you have a lot of catching up to do. Better start now.
Just like OP here  except I am 25, I was thinking of doing engineering degree, I originally wanted to do computer science, should I go for comp sci or will I acquire 6 figures in engineering?
Take some free online course to test the waters, if that goes fine, you should be able to handle it.
You don't need math to get a CS degree, CS is by far the least math intensive STEM major except for biology. Most CS students are borderline retarded, why they get payed what they do is beyond methough I have heard the explosion of CS degrees is rapidly devaluing them as previously easy jobs get a bunch of candidates.
No matter what it is in life OP, if you care about yourself enough to see it through to the end then you will succeed. It's not about wanting the degree it's about wanting YOU to have the degree. A small but powerful distinction.
Not OP but I'm 20 and planning on diving into a CS degree after fucking up my Pharmacology degree and this is just what I needed to hear.
Won't I learn things like that in introduction to computer science? I admit, I don't really know much of anything.so you want to start studying something you know nothing aboutgreat decision op
It's better than never trying anything. I'm pretty sure that a lot of people don't have time to research every option before deciding on a major. Even with research you never know if it's really going to pay off because everybody has a different opinion on which majors are going to pay off in the end.
Picking a major based on what you think is going to pay the mostEnjoy your crippling depression.
lol?  you wont get a 6 figure job with a computer science degree alone, youll be luck to get a 40k starting
Look, I get what you're saying but I'm really just asking for advice and /g/ seemed like the right place. Why are you here if /g/ is so shit? Do you guys just argue about whose tech field is better?I'm trying to get a better idea of what I'm getting into and you guys are doing a better job of explaining than any technical jargon I could go read on my own. Remember that I'm someone who's just interested in doing this. I don't know the stuff yet and I wanted to know what to expect.I've considered that, but a lot game devs specifically ask for programming knowledge even if you're just looking for a sound designer as in creating sound effects and music
OP here. I originally studied things I loved and it got me more or less nowhere. I'm already cripplingly depressed due to being a failure at things I actually love to docan't make a living as a musician because saturationcan't make a living as a sound designer because saturationcan't make a living playing vidya on a stream because not charismatic enoughcan't make a living being a bartender because hot women take the only worthwhile bartending jobs, not super attractive or tall myselfdon't want to waste time doing more art study just so I can still not get a decent jobWe probably have a matter of decades before this stuff is replaced by machines anyway. So it seems like the smart thing to get into the business of designing and fixing those machines, whether its from an EE/ME standpoint or a CS/ML/SE standpointIt will be a while still before the machines can build themselves, yeah? So I should get in on this while there's still time, and maybe it will help lead me to my dreams.So just to recap, if I'm interested in game dev, would SE be better for me than CS?
You'd have to go to a pretty shitty uni and/or suck at coding and/or suck at people skills to get only 40k starting. 40k per annum full time is roughly less than 20/hour. I currently have a full-time paid internship that pays 25/hour and worked a part-time internship for 20/hour last academic year. I don't even go to an impressive school.
Here's a real, honest answer OP.  Maybe your best bet.Go back to CC and take all the Calculus courses and Intro to Programming courses the university you're interested in will allow.  It'll be cheaper, it'll be easier, and the credits will be the same when you transfer into the university.I took Intro to Programming I and II, and Calculus I and II at the CC level, then transferred to a local college that accepted both.  All the upper level courses required those four classes as prerequisites, but now I've finished them and going to graduate within a year.  I'll be 26 when I graduate.Talk to advisors at the CC.  Talk to advisors at the university.  Check for any transfer plans from the CC to the university that will make choosing classes easier.  Don't waste your money going directly into the university, because if you're really out of practice on math and haven't touched programming, it'll eat you alive.
f I'm interested in game dev, would SE be better for me than CSIt really depends on the Uni's coursework for each degree. I would recommend CS over SE because CS degrees typically require coursework in AI and usually have more stringent science requirements, which means you'll study more physics. As a game dev, you'll probably want to understand 3d kinematics and AI pretty well.
It doesn't matter which one you get, because both will make good back up degrees for when you leave game dev for richer pastures.  I'm getting a CS degree with a concentration in SE and also planning to be a game dev.  But I know that after a few years or decades, I'll eventually switch to software when I'm thinking about retirement.
Just sounds like a bunch of excuses. Takes one to know one.Also, gamedev is hell: shit pay, shit hours, shit recognition.It would be best to stick with one of the things you already mentioned.
Hey.  I just came back from work and decided to check the thread again since I saw that it was updated.  This was the guy you quoted in your post.Thank you.  Thank you so much for this post, man.  I'm sorry about the struggles you endured; I know it must've been extraordinarily difficult.  I'm happy that you pulled through and I wish you continued success on your journey.I think we sometimes lose track of how difficult others have it in comparison or how tough life is, in general.  I think we, as human beings, naturally assume that a random stranger has a better life or circumstances just because of our own narcissism and vanity.  This was a sobering post, one I don't take lightly.
Excuses. You're giving up because of perceived walls. Rather than putting in the effort to break through these walls you write them off as foregone conclusions. No matter what the field is you will fail because you will make excuses to justify that failure. If you do CS you may finish the program but you'll have some other excuse as to why it's not working out the way you think it should. Odds are though you won't finish the program and it'll be because of some other contrived self-defeating logic. You are your own worst enemy. Until you can learn to love yourself and believe in yourself you will fail and be miserable. This I promise you.
Do you like solving problems? Do you like thinking through a problem to reach a creative solution? Will you spend time coding in your free time? If yes, then CS will be enjoyable to you. All of the unemployed cs faggots I graduated with were just in it because muh l33t skillz haxor lyke snowden
Goodluck OP, don't quit. There are many, many times where you will burn out and want to quit. We all go through that. It's those who continue after those points that make them good.
i sense feelings in this post
The engineering degrees are better degrees overall, but a CS degree makes it easier to get hired as a software dev. And minoring is CS while majoring in EE is very common and probably looks better to employers than a CS degree
CS is a fucking jokeYeah, that depends where you go and what your focus is. Going into CS without a focus is pointless.
bumperino
Just finished watching apple music announcement... how fucked is Spotify now? Are they kill?
Are you talking about that iTunes Radio stuff?  It's been out for a few years now and Spotify are still fine
this is itunes 5 with internet radio
No dude... apple released something called Apple Music today... it's a fucking killer app. They are even releasing it for Android. And it's in 100+ countries Spotify is only in some western ones.I read that Spotify CEO posted a tweet and then deleted it because it was like "oh fuck what now".
nope. not even close. did you even fucking watch the announcement? you're pulling shit out of yer smelly ass.
hey guys do you think this $10/month app is going to destroy this 100% free app?Nope
100% free app?obviously never used spotify.
Enjoy having to shuffle all those albums and shit. The extra $10 is worth it.
yeah this will impact Spotify quite a bit, there's no denying that. $10/month subscribers of spotify will try out the 3 month free trial of Apple Music and then cut ties with Spotify.
Of course obviously, I have every single piece of music I could ever want already on my iPod, what the Fuck would I need some pleb streaming app for?
kek'd,,, this is the infamous deleted tweet. I think he cried.
Why exactly is Apple Music better than Spotify?
Did you not watch the announcement?
No, I didn't.
Wow.
Literally who
It seems like their most unique feature is their "curated playlists", not sure why that's so attractive. I prefer to make my own playlists.
What he's trying to say is there is no difference whatsoever, but Apple® Music™ is made by Apple©, so it has to be inherently better.
He just said "Oh,Ok."That was literally it.Amazing how it got so distorted
good troll.
watch it. i personally don't use streaming services because I download music off private sites that I want but I don't see how Spotfy will survive the onslaught. Apple is starting 24/7 radio with real DJ's and all the big artists will be posting their albums there. yet on Spotify, they're pulling their albums off it. why anyone would pay more for Spotify when they can get better deal from apple is beyond me. unless you really hate apple, you'll end up buying a an inferior product by going with spotify.i just hope pirate groups are able to rip some of the new stuff that's coming out on there...
There is a difference though. Simply being branded by Apple alone brings in the Apple crowd and the likes. I do think it will scratch Spotify unlike Tidal.
Literally whoCEO of Spotify... he was butthurt.
I won't make the transition unless my favorite bands like Clean Bandit release exclusives there.
He literally just said "Oh ok."
It could mean his butthurt or just unimpressed. Up to the people interpreting.
Tens of millions of people use Spotify, why would artists pull their music off? Unless Apple Music pays out higher royalties there's no way this happens.
iTunes has many exclusives. i remember cold play had exclusives. when i download albums, i usually download iTunes 320 ones because they always have extra tracks. I'm sure this new thing will also have extra exclusives.what's intriguing is the price... $14.95 for a family of 6. that's fucking awesome.
he deleted it. that said it all.
why would artists pull their music offBecause the artists get paid shit. If Apple can get 10m PAYING subscribers, then artists could earn alot more money
why would artists pull their music off?because most artists get peanuts from spotify.say you only listen to artist X and you pay spotify a monthly fee. even if you only play from artist X, artist X might never see a dime from your monthly fee. basically the game is rigged and only the big labels & artists get most of the dough.
If Apple can make it so smaller companies can make decent money licencing their music or even individual artists it would be good, but I doubt it
Is this good enough reason to install iTunes? I'm gonna be needing a good podcast app for windows too soon
what's intriguing is the price... $14.95 for a family of 6. that's fucking awesomeThat is awesome. My little bro and sis could use it.
Artists are never going to see a dime from Apple either.
Hello, I'm one of the persons interpreting. What the CEO meant was "Oh, ok."
Artists are never going to see a dime from Apple either.maybe... one of their big 3 things they promoted about apple music was support of unknown artists. i think they'll be paying them if their shit gets played.
because most artists get peanuts from spotify.Spotify pay $0.007 per play. So if your starving artists want to make a decent amount of money say $100,000/year they'd need 14 million plays a year.If an album has 12 tracks then that's about 3,000 album plays a day. That's not much to ask really, is it?
maybe... one of their big 3 things they promoted about apple music was support of unknown artists. i think they'll be paying them if their shit gets played.That's what Spotify said before as well. Look what happened. It's about time you grow up.  No one wants to pay anyone anything unless forced to. If Apple can go back on a non-contractual promise in order to make more money, they will.
So how many Windows VMs do I have to spin up on AWS to play my album 3000 times a day?
so if 100 people sign up to play a bunch of alternative music, it's OK by you that 99%+ of their money is going to artists and labels that these 100 people NEVER PLAYED?
I hope not, because then I'm totally fucked since I'm not installing fucking iTunes or paying them my money.
Why is it called Windows 8.1?Because you'll spend 8 hours fixing 1 problem.
Why are you called OP? Because you're a fag.
8.1having problems 7 didn'tlol?
, 
, 
, 
I'm having this error on my note4 and my gf's s4. I can't load any image or webm or whatever from 4chan.Doesn't matter what ISP or soft I'm using, shit just won't load on smartphone. It's competely fine on my PC.
Am i the only one having this problem? It started 3 days ago.
53.61MBPS download6.3MBPS uploadWhat are your speeds /g/?
6mbps down3mpbs upAt least my university internet is about 100mbps
16 down/1 upIt's terrible, but TWC is expensive.
6mbps downAre you on dial up?
Why did you post this. There is a difference between bits and bytes. 53Mb =roughly 7MB8bits per Byte
$8/month
Can you code in Chinese?
Why would I do that when there are two perfectly good legitimate english computers in that guy's van?
This show normally seems spot-on with the tech stuff. WTF were they thinking with this.Even just showing the Chinese characters on the screen seems totally wrong for the period: how could any computer of that vintage have the 40372420394823740 complex Chinese characters in rom?
Do you think even modern day computers store every Chinese character individually?
Um... yeah?
I hope this show completely diverges from the manchildren and video games. It's pretty gay.
There were controller boards for Chinese input and display as early, and as inexpensive, as the Apple II. Software-based drawing was also available. For low-res screens, it was sufficient to assemble characters from a few hundred radical variants.
This takes place after the video game crash IIRC. I think where they're going is the beginning of the 'social' internet
No, can you?
Chinese character shit aside theres no reason a Chinese version with a Chinese ROM wouldn't run the same compiled code. No?
Halt and Catch Fire?
what show?
What is unicode?
Does this mean swift can be used to make android apps?
see aka 80s cliches the showbut actually it's pretty good, if you like slow-burn AMC-type shows
The only thing off in my opinion is the fidelity of the text but I'm far from an expert on that.I'm somewhat upset over the fact that we have all this hardware to play with now, it seems like people are not as efficient with things anymore because they no longer have to be. Seeing a lot of old tech and techniques used in them always blows my mind.
Post the scene, I have no context.
My uncle asked me about whether Chinese coding would become more efficient than English.I'm not a CS guy, but my answer was that it all boils down to binary, so if an expression is more efficient than it is superior, regardless of our language.Are their metrics about human languages and coding?
Did he mean efficient for typing or what? The only other thing that would change with human languages is parsing code for compilation.I'd probably raise the argument that these code languages are languages unto themselves, even though they contain English they are another language, if we want to tackle an efficiency problem I don't think we'd need to take into account human languages and instead drop them in favour of something like symbols, maybe borrowing more from maths and logic than we do now. i.e. '' means "greater than", '&' means "and" and both of those are more efficient to type out and probably to parse as well so we would probably just need to condense more human semantics into single symbols.If we're talking about keeping human languages there is data on their efficiency already, Chinese is apparently horribly inefficient, that's why they talk so fast and so much, IIRC a lot is to be implied with their symbols in writing, I could be wrong on that though. I hear Korean is alright.
I fucked up and put the less than symbol, it's late as hell.
What does /g/ recommend for a good gaming laptop? I've always been a console player and have no idea what to buy for a gaming PC. Price range is $0-$2,500.
goodgaminglaptopchoose two
gaminglaptopThese two should never be in the same fucking sentencefucking /v/ cancer
Alright fuck the laptop part, I'm a newfag to this PC shit. What's a good PC to game on?
build your own
What's a good pre made PC for gaming?
there isn't one
OP do some some simple fucking research and figure out what Gpu , CPU and motherboard is.Then learn about these parts and figure out which is best for youWere not your slaves
What's a good PC to game on?with that budget? 4790k + 980ti + MSI/Gigabyte/Asus z97 mobo + 2tb wd black + 256gb samsung/intel ssd + 8/16gb corsair/kingston/g.skill ram
Nailed it. Except I would definitely go 16GB RAM minimum, considering it's a $2500 budget.
there is plentyof material round here to help you build one. Then if you're scared of doing it yourself find a computer shop to put the parts together for you.
Alright, follow up question. Is there a service that builds it for me to these specifications? And the price of the service is irrelevant to the budget.
Being this newGET THE FUCK OFF /G/
Asus werks great for me.Get one used.
YES, there are two sites. pcpartpicker.com saves your build, while choosemypc.net gives you one
IF I WASNT NEW I WOULDNT BE ASKING NIGGER. Thank you.
iBuypower and Cyberpower
Price range is $0-lmao
Well, my Dell XPS 17 plays current games and It went from $1,200 to $600-700 in less than five years that it been available on the market... If you were curious.
Alright. Does this look okay or complete flop? It's $2000 so I can add more shit if needed.
pic?

get a 980ti
If you have the money, there's no reason not to get a 980 Ti. Also, 500GB isn't that much storage. I would add on a mechanical hard drive for videos and such. I would also get a better quality and higher wattage power supply, especially if you're going to overclock.
buying prebuiltpaying double because you're retardedGaymers, when will they learn?
Windows OEMGross
Change made. Am I all good?
Like the other anon said get a HDD or at least bump that ssd to a 1tb
plays current gamesI have a xps 17 with the vmod bios and it's not always true :^what is a 970/980m?
why
Read the sticky you retard
Fuck right off.
a 980m is a 950once againgoodgaminglaptopchoose two
The only thing a gaming laptop is good for
Changes made.
950bullshit, the 3dmark is between 960 and a 970 stupid nigger. We aren't in 2013.
-2/10

Great, now build it and enjoy minecraft and you favourite youtubers
Best of luck to you OP!
What? Is it a flop?
GTX 980  GTX 970  GTX 980m  GTX 970m GTX 960  R9 M295X
thats a great build if you have the money to fiance it.
Thanks for the help Anons, happy to be part of the PC master race. More than enough money. Just happy I didn't waste it on a shitbook.
ill save the image too as I want to build one soon I currently have a "gaming laptop" and it doesn't get the job done. However, you can't get a 980ti in canada right now, so I'm waiting to see if this AMD Fiji card is what it's supposed to be. I doubt it, probably cruddy card thats overhyped because of HBM tech that is really only going to be good next year. I would love to wait for pascal from nvidia but I'm not putting this shit off another year. Will probably just grab a 980ti and start gaming in 1440p with dat 144hz gsync monitor, and toss in another 980ti maybe right away, maybe not until the future. Who knows. Wish they were shipping in canada already fuck
fucking 900Dcheapo mobo1TB SSD1500W PSU24" monitorgreat buildPlease do not listen to this Anon.
cheapo moboAgreed, you're going super high-end on everything else but using a cheap motherboard. Upgrade dat shit.
That build is great for a troll or a retard tough
Alright. Changing motherboard. Any recommendations for a good one?
I would stick with an Asus but get something higher end. Make sure it's Z97, ATX form factor, and LGA 1150 socket. From there, browse the different ones and see which one has all the ports you want and has good reviews. Your CPU supports overclocking so make sure your motherboard is high-end enough to support that with ease.
Change made.
Forgot pic lol
Wrong fucking pic.
liquid cooling1tb ssd$300 caseintel i7 when you're not planning to stream/use cpu intense softwarebuying windowsripjaws ram200gb is enough for an ssd, you're only gonna install your most used programs/the os on it. Get an HDD for actual storage.There's cheaper ram, don't fall for the liquid cooling meme, since you want to game pirate windows and invest in a mechanical keyboard and a logitech mouseOther than that, nice b8
Now watch some YouTube reviews on that case and make sure it's what you want. The 900D is probably overkill but if it has the style and cooling features you want, go for it. That motherboard has 5 SATA slots, so if you want space for more than 5 hard drives, you'll have to upgrade it even more. Start reading/watching reviews like crazy for your parts, anything you can find. And sit on it for a while. Keep researching and learning, tweaking, asking for feedback.
Bro, that case is fucking gigantic. I mean, fucking huge. It's for giant builds with custom watercooling and multiple radiators. Go with an Air 540. Get a ~250GB SSD and a 1TB or 2TB HDD. Your power supply is also WAY, WAY, overkill. It's for running setups with four graphics cards and highly overclocked processors. Spend some of that extra money on a bigger monitor. Go 27".
This is it. It is what I want. And yeah I planned on watching some vids on the parts.
God fucking dammit. Making changes. Also maybe 4k?
giant caseliquid cooling1tb ssdsee


bro, you're not getting a 144hz monitor?
That's better but I'd still switch that 1TB SSD for a smaller one. You should only install your most used programs on the SSD, keep the rest of your stuff on the HDD.DVD reader/writer is not really necessary since most games are digital downloads and you can install the OS from a USB.You can get an official .iso of Windows 7 and use DAZloader to activate it which saves you another 100 bucks you can spend on a mechanical keyboard and a good mouse/other accessories.

4030/2saying nigger unironicallyor ironically for that mattergrow up kid

Seagate is shit, get a WD Blue or Black.
haha you aren't really doing that much research are you?  Anyway, make sure it's what you really want. Keep in mind that there are new curved monitors that make gaming really cool. Do some more shopping. Oh, and you can get Gsync enabled monitors that syncs up your monitors refresh rate with your GPU's framerate, making screen tearing a thing of the past. Kind of like vsync60hz/fps but it is adaptive up to 144hz
Decent, you can find tutorials on actually building it on youtube. If you can build a lego set you can build a computer.
Also, keep in mind that a lot of games these days are scaled back for consoles so PC users end up getting console quality textures and shit looking at you dark souls and witcher 3
How silly would you look if someone offered to donate him a PC :^Not me though, I don't even have enough money to build my own.
You realise that if you listen to /g/, you'll never actually get your computer, right? We can literally never, NEVER, agree on an objectively 'good' build. Your HDD doesn't have enough space. Your CPU is overkill. You're going nVidia, what a faggot. On and on and on. Pick a base build. Listen to maybe one out of every five posts on /g/. Do your research. Build what YOU think you need. You know what your plan for the computer is better than any of us.
asus g550jk lenovo y50
There is no sticky.
You finally did it. Switch out that Seagate for a Western Digital Black and order it.
its perfect, now order it while I cry
What was that you plebs? This computer is almost two years old? Still runs the newest games at maximum settings at over 60fps? Can you put your gaming PC into a backpack and take it anywhere? Oh, also has 32 gigs of ram. Which is hilariously unnecessary. Yes my laptop is running SLI. Yes I can replace and update my graphics cards. Yes I can replace my processor with a newer one. Yes I have four hard drives and an external drive, two of which are running the OS with raid 0. Yes I took a picture with my phone to prove to you it is an Origin Laptop.
4 hard drives2 graphics cardsGood lord, how much does it fucking weigh
Build a gaming PC and buy a thinkpad to stream to.
You can do this with fairly cheap laptops or tablets as well because it only requires a decent internet connection. Really good way to work it.
I've done the research on videos and different reviews on the components and saw the case of course, switched out the sea gate shit with western digital black and made the decision that I'm going to order it. Thanks for all the help in making me the perfect gaming PC!
Spotted the nigger
jealous niggerinb4 fam
I've had a few. I like to travel around a lot, have everything at my fingertips, etc. I use to build my own towers but now... meh. Don't got time for that. It also turns out that gaming laptops are great for image manipulation and large, local database management. What I have now and recommend is the MSI Computer GT72 DOMINATOR PRO-210. I have no complaints about it at all and the features are off the charts. Intel Core i7-4710HQ 2.5GHz, 6MB Cache24GB DDR3L 1600 MHz1TB 7200RPM Hard Drive, 256GB M.2 Solid-State Drive17.3-inch Full HD eDP Anti-glare Screen; NVIDIA Geforce GTX980M with 8GB GDDR5 VRAMBD Burner; Windows 8.1
Not OP, but I have been interested in the G72 for my new everyday use system. How is the battery? I heard that its internal but is there any kind of warranty in case it needs replacement? Also heard that the mouse pad does not have a raised border just a glowing one which makes telling the difference between the mouse and the rest of the system. Is that true? Would 16GB be a good option? And finally, is the system eligible for the 10 upgrade?
goodgaminglaptopsummerfags are comming
24GB of ram
Get an air cooler or the h100i instead, cheap water-colours are terrible.Drop to an i5, the only difference between an i5 and an i7 is hyper threader and since you're using this as a degenerate gaming pc it will make literally no difference.Since 1080p at 27 inches is pretty bad use the money you save from that to get a 1440p monitor instead
Build it yourself. It really isnt that hard. There are a billion fucking YouTube videos about it. Watch those, read shit, save some money.
Find me a 1440p monster that's 144hz and I shall change it.
Monitor*
, 
, 
What do you guys think of my custom? Ordering it here.
"gaming" keyboard"gaming" mouseugh... not bad but sort out your peripherals
No neon light upgradestep it up OP you do know that blue LEDs make your PC cooler right?built-in USB 2.0 portsthat keyboard and mouseno games
Should I just stick to a normal keyboard off Newegg or Amazon? My current mouse is a Logitech G400 and while it's great, I would like more buttons.Thanks, the 2.0 USB ports flew over my head. Honestly don't like any of the game listed there. Mainly intent on running TW3.
Buy a das/filco/ducky keyboard, you've obviously got the money and they are very difficult to break
ducky keyboardNice, I'll pick one of those.
Learn how to build your own shit, go back to /v/
not building it yourselfWhat an utter pleb you are
Kind of scared to be honest. It's a lot of expensive products and I might mess up easily.
Reminder that Cyberpower makes deals with the companies that it buys its hardware from to get a discount by cutting the warranty.So, if you buy a product from Newegg that has a standard 3 year warranty, if you get that same product from Cyberpower it comes with a part number that's 1 or 2 year only. In addition, Cyberpower shoves you in the direction of the manufacturer in order to get an RMA, and typically as a result of having a more limited warranty you're not eligible for promotions and features like advanced RMAs in, in some cases, upgrade promotions like step-up.This may sound like not a big deal but it really is.
I see. So if I plan on continually upgrading or if one my parts fail, it's much better to buy individually then to rely on pre-built companies.
Absolutely.What you won't hear from a lot of manufacturers is that those gimped warranties aren't even transferable, so if you give it to a friend then they're fucked if it goes.It's honestly cheaper to build it yourself, and the information you gain from it will save your life. If something goes wrong, you can find out what it is, stop by Microcenter and replace it in less than an hour.I literally got a job paying $25/hour without a college degree because I bought cheap shit on Craigslist like used servers and garage sale find PCs and frankenstein'd them.
Alright then. I honestly never considered what you mentioned when doing this. Going to shop for each part individually and build my own.Maybe I can add little fancy stuff to my casing, too. Thanks guys.
256 GB SSDdude you're fucking goofing
ITT: /g/ tries to agree on somethingLinux is a good OS
this prints "hello, world!"putStrLn "hello, world!"
Running servers
JavaScript was a mistake
*Interjection*Meme on this!!*Whips out clit*
You was a mistake
OP is a faggot
Checked and respect'd
/thread
install gentoo
Linux is a kernel.Anyway, Linux distros are decent OSes, they have the capability to become fantastic OSes if they just reduce the reliance on CLI to change settings. Expand the control panel to include more advanaced options, that is.Also, a more straightforward way of switching DEs/WMs and delete the ones you don't use would be welcome.Now, the software available for that OS is another story. Extremely lackluster alternatives to widely used commercial software only. They either need to completely allow closed-souce, commercial applicaions on Linux, or improve the quality of the existing open-source ones a LOT. A huge, enormous lot. Some needed to be created from scratch even.
the reliance on CLIThis hasn't been a thing since 2004.
Only for the most basic settings. If you want to do anything a bit more advanced, you'll be directed to the Terminal. That's specially the case with customization of the OS, and problem solving.Look at the solutions offered in the Ubunu forums. You'll be hard-pressed to find one that can be done without involving the Terminal.By contrast, if I want to alter the registry in Windows, I have a GUI to do so. If I want to alter some system file, I can do it through the Explorer, even if I have to go through the file permissions options, take ownership of it, and click through five warnings from UAC all done through GUI.
Agreedbut unfotunately most of /g/ is now node.js skiddies.

I agree with you, and that's actually one of the main reason of my discontent for Linux in general.I want to do stuff graphically, even the advanced stuff. I want to type only when I'm programming.I understand that lots of people actually want to type commands. It's a matter of taste.
No anon, the proper command is this:rm -rf / --no-failsafe
Needing a GUI for configuration is a complete red herring tbh. 99.9% of users have no use for mucking about in config files, nor should they. OS X doesn't have any GUI for config files because Apple understands that doing so should be a last resort. This is something OSS devs just refuse to accept. It has to Just Work™.But it will never just work as long as userland devs keep using code to treat their self-esteem issues. There needs to be someone like Linus to run a tight ship for applications. Idiotic bikeshedding has to be heavily discouraged. No progress will be made as long as devs continue to act like babies and fork projects just because they don't want to use YAML for configuration.
I want to do stuff graphicallyOnly because Microsoft told you that's what you want. This is a mentality that needs to be deprecated. That said, rely is a strong word that just doesn't apply.
I understand that lots of people actually want to type commands. It's a matter of taste.Of course. They don't need to remove the CLI commands. They just need to add the GUI option alongside it.From those people who claim Windows and OS X limits your options, this mindset "hurr CLI only, moar efficient" is hilarious.Sure, but Linux and Windows is not on the same boat as OS X. Apple has tight control over the hardware OS X runs on and the drivers they use. If you have an issue with OS X, you can expect a quick fix through a system update o course, there havebeen exceptions to this, but mostly it works this way or you can promptly take it to an Apple store and receive all the support you need.Linux and Windows doesn't have this support ecosystem. If you install Mint and your wi-fi doesn't work, or you need to configure GRUB so it defaults to a different OS than it defalts now, you have to solve our own problem.
And this mentality is why Linux will never be anything but a joke 1% usage OS until there is a large change in the community.
It takes a bit of time, but I have come to love the command line, why wouldn't you?
1% usage in a market where a vast majority don't even know how to manage tabs in their browser is quite a feat for an OS that you have to install yourself, don't you think?
Becase I want to use my computer to acomplish what I need in an intuitive way. I do not want to leanr a new way to use that computer just so I can say I'm using a more efficient way to control it regardless of usability.No, I don't think so. Linux has always been hovering the 1~2% range, and never actually grew from that. That's the problem.Even Vista, which was universally hated, achieve an order of magnitude higher usage than Linux ever did.
Linux Servers maybe over 40% worldwide, BSD servers, x% and Windows Servers about 30% worldwide. Linux is just another OS, so is Windows and OS X, it's like programming, the right tool for the job. Granted nowadays you can use linux as DC and have AD functionality these days.
Funnily enough, windows will actually get to the other side before Linux probably ever will. Their engineering standard has included creating and updating programs so that they can be used from the shell, and the shell can even control GUI programs now. Some autistic fanboy's insistence on "CLI only" is actually holding them back to the point where windows is going to have more and better features here.
Microsoft won
on that note, html is obsolete
quite literally. WhatWG disbanded last week.
CLI isn't intuitiveOkay then
having to memorize commands and recall them whenever you want to do something is intuitiveStop being retarded."Recognition over recall" is a principle they teach you on the first day of Interface Design 101.
clear as day
falling for b8 this hard
What does usability even mean in a personal context? It's a term used for not being easy to learn for masses, as an averagely tech literate person you should be able to overcome another learning curve, like the one of using any OS, knowing things like alt-F4. Another thing is, you only have to remember the first few times, if you have used a command 5 times its in your muscle memory, like how typing is in your muscle memory, mesmerizing all the keys on your keyboard isn't a big problem, just as mesmerizing commands isn't. I don't see the need to mesmerize and usability as valid arguments, it's not some thing I struggle with.
/g/ is /v/ with phones
Macs are good we're just poor so project our insecurities onto the mac owner
as an averagely tech literate person you should be able to overcome another learning curveYes, I am able to. But I don't want to, because that's wasted time and energy.Also, if you're arguing about having CLI as the only option, you're a retard. This board flips iself inside out about how it's important to have options, how Apple sucks because they don't give users options, and how Windows 8 looks ugly and Microsoft should add the option to have glass effects again. But when someone suggesting adding the GUI option to Linux, you lose your shit and go "NO CLI ONLY YOU CAN ONLY USE CLI YOU CANNOT USE GUI GUI SUCKS CLI IS MORE EFFICIENT THAT SHOULD BE THE ONLY OPTION". So go fuck yourself.
The web was a mistake.
Ayyyyy
Dragon Dildos are the best
implying that  was a b8.
Of course it's not the only option, but for Linux it is probably the way to go. My guess is that anyone that gets familiar with the command line does not desire a GUI anymore. How many people that know both choose GUIs?
Some needed to be created from scratch even.such as
"NO CLI ONLY YOU CAN ONLY USE CLI YOU CANNOT USE GUI GUI SUCKS CLI IS MORE EFFICIENT THAT SHOULD BE THE ONLY OPTION". So go fuck yourself.What the hell is wrong with you?if you're arguing about having CLI as the only option, you're a retard.I'm pretty sure that everyone here is using just links/lynx as a browser and have never watched movies/chinese_cartoons/pictures on the PC.
I was a die hard CLI fag until I had to encode some media. God damn, the using ffmpeg via CLI is so fucking shit.
I do. All the plan 9 developers who also worked on Unix at bell labs did. Hell, Kernighan exclusively uses macs. Computers are graphical now. It's just a fact. The system should allow you to manipulate graphical objects in an intuitive manner, and take advantage of the ability to display graphics to allow you to interact with your system. There's no reason besides personal taste and opinion to prefer a text-only teletype-inspired interface, much less to restrict users to it, on a primarily graphical system. It is not somehow inherently "more efficient" to use.
me in most cases. Tasks that are better solved by chaining together shell commands like it's 1983 are largely confined to servers. Even there, Azure's management GUIs are kicking ass these days. It goes against *nix dogma but it's true.t. developer who deploys on Loonix
ur a fegit
Also, if you're arguing about having CLI as the only option, you're a retardNobody would do that ... besides a headless server.But KISS it the way to go for configuration.
If you want to orce people to learn CLI just so you don't need to offer both options, you're already wrong.Proper CAD software not totally for scratch, but the ones that exist are excessively basic and global illumination renderers.using just links/lynx as a browser and have never watched movies/chinese_cartoons/pictures on the PCWe're talking about CLI as means of configuring the OS, not CLI to do absolutely everything, you fucking retard. At least bother to read previous messages to understand the context before you start shitposting.
, 
What do you think about him, /g/?
Genius inventor who got screwed over by money hungry investors.
Greatest Canadian ever. Nick Teslough was truly based.
a hunk
I think I have a documentary on him on my Netflix to watch list, that's what I think.
smartest man ever to livewhat else is there to say?
Meme "genius" who actually contributed little of value.
guaranteed replies, starting with this one
Overrated as fuck, but still a genius.He was the sort of person who could only have thrived at the exact point in time that he did: any earlier and he'd just be your run of the mill madman.  Any later and his refusal to accept mathematics as the foundation of all engineering would have made his crazy tinkering useless.As it stood, he was a lunatic who successfully lunaticed his way into several important discoveries, mostly by accident.  He was important, and interesting in that he's an actual mad scientist mad engineer, really but not the messiah that Reddit makes him out to be.
Over rated, but definitely a genius How ever not a very good American, he doesn't even into buisness
More like a cuck
I think u need to go back to school babydick. Did u get your psychology degree online?
The world wasn't good enough for him while he was alive so we implemented all of his cool shit long after he died. He's kind of a big deal.
Overrated as fuckI would call it a sudden burst of interest that will eventually settle down. His new-found popularity is certainly a product of the last 10 years. No one knew who the fuck he was in the 1970s or 80s, that much is certain. I don't remember anyone ever bringing up his name.
I wonder who brought him to light after all these years, probably the descendants of the same investors that made his life miserable.
/sci/
Business is a destructive obstacle between humanity and progress. While there is obviously a need for people to specialize in the logistics of production and distribution, the fact that we as a society prioritize them above the people who actually invent and create the things we care about is insane and suicidal.  Business types should be respectful of and subservient to STEM types.  Additionally, business is inexorably bound with advertising, which is a parasite on humanity and needs to be expunged as soon as possible.
Most based human to ever live
basedBitches And Sex Every DayNikola Tesla, who died a virginYou keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means.
While I agree with you.  How would you expect people to pay bills and feed families?
Based Edison's bitch.
I actually heard of him through an old rock band my mom listened to when I was a kid. Mostly cause the band was named after him and wrote a song about him.
confusing him with edison
my childhood hero.all the kids with their typical 'i want to be like einstein' and I was like fuck that I want to be a mad scientist like teslamy fapping frequency is close to achieving resonance with HAARP. soon ill be able to brainwash people with wanking.
Not knowing what based means/out/
I'm not calling for an end to business as a concept; of logistic behind the facilitation of production being a thing.  That would be dumb.  I'm saying that businessmen should be considered low-skill workers, necessary but not particularly relevant to the industry.  The world today considers the scientists and engineers who actually make good things possible to be secondary and unimportant compared to the businessmen who are at best facilitatory and at worst parasitic.  The world should idolize scientists and engineers, and should place businessmen in the same category as we put truck drivers, forklift operators, and factory workers: necessary roles that deserve a good life, but are in no way equal to the minds that make things possible.The world should group advertisers and sensationalist reporters in the same category as pedophiles and thieves: actively harmful and deserving of punishment.
for what it's worth im still a kissless virgin at 26! reaching the dream one year at a time.
Fat bottomed girls you make the rockin world go round
I think people realize it but don't actually know what the problm is Capitalism is the cause of a great deal of problems that society faces today and the delusions of it are why people don't see it as a problem
Reddit.
greatest human bean of the 20th century
Part I, got too long.I'm a different guy.The world today considers the scientists and engineers ... to be secondary and unimportantI have noticed this too, however for me it seems the reason business/politics is like this is because the common people care about a bunch of social bullshit and ranks like colonel/doctor/leader of whatever and mysterious/"cool" sounding words like businessman make them go crazy for no reason. That's what business and politics builds it's empire on. On average human behavior. To most people the supposed leader for example president is some mysterious man who somehow is better than them and deserves more yet they can't tell when asked why they are better. They just say because he is the president. I think many people especially the semi-skilled workers who make things with their hands realize this, but they can't properly connect the dots and they hold contradictory beliefs. They want a better future and progress from the same kind of man that already runs the system this way. By voting for a different individual and selecting him/her the system won't change. Fundamental issues remain.
Part IIOn the other hand I think more engineers/scientists can see it properly, but they are paid enough that they realize that they can give themselves and their families a good life and if they don't have business/political skills or they aren't interested in it then this is a very good achievement for them. Those who have business skills or can get into a position usually try to better the situation within the existing system or just use it to make sure that at least they can do their own shit properly. I think the reason for all of this is that very few people think this properly through and there is no mass realization yet. So even though you realize it  because of how fast the world goes and how many people are in it you are just not enough to change it even with those other people who currently think alike. This would need a mass realization and apart from that a desire for action, which in many people is missing even when they have the opportunity and the probability for certain success.
 successfully lunaticed his way into several important discoveries, mostly by accidentSo, that's what we call hard work and studying these days... "accidental lunaticazing"
Smartest man everWanted to use DC for households and electronics
Guaranteed replies? Or just stupid?Edison advocated DC for households and distribution, Tesla advocated AC.
Really? My genuine bad then
almost my entire house is ran on DCname something that isn't, fagI took all the shitty converters out of devices and just run DC directly out of outlets here.

also thisAC travels long distance. In a household almost every device runs off DC.. especially technology today
Do you live in Cambodia?
Colorado and I built my housefuck off
hulk hogan was better
Oh, and btw, this is how cities would have looked like if Edison's DC current distribution system won.He literally didn't care that AC was better in this regard, he just wanted the money.Many people died from Edison's falling overhead wires, while whole blocks were engulfed with smoke because there needed to be a coal powered substation almost everywhere. DC cannot travel far when it's low-voltage.
cant wait to watch it burn down lol
No, high voltages at low current travel long distances more efficiently than low voltages at high currents.With AC, transformers will easily and efficiently convert high voltages to low voltages and vice versa.No such option was available to DC back then. Efficient solid state DC-DC converters have only been available for the last 30 years or so.
The fact of the matter is people don't want to question capitalistic idealogy because socialism is a boogie man in the US at least. ALso, the American Dream ideal of "work work work and you can become *insertfamoutbusinesspersonhere* " is so ingrained in our education and society that the mentality of it will be hard to change.
Why was Edison such a racist jew?
No they don't you retard
been up 15 years without issues...what in your tiny brain makes you think it'd burn down or even get hot?
I doubt it would have lasted long  before smart people decided that DC and AC are useful in different situations DC distribution would just be shitty logistics
True, but still Edison pushed his retarded idea instead of adopting AC and moving on with his business. He blindly refused progress and instead viewed everything through money. If he were alive today, motherfucker would vote for the hardest republican out there.
yes they do you retardthe only thing in my house that doesn't directly run off DC are my 4 AC 240volt 1hp pumps for my pool & hot tub and my fridge, even then a lot of fridge shit is converted to DC all the computer etc in it stupid fuck... All my lights are DC as well. LED ofc
Hard work? Sure. Studying? Ha! Tesla hated academia and refused to apply rigor to what he did.
It could be done but I don't believe you actually did it. The idea of converting nearly every electrical device in your house using DC for literally no reason whatsoever is absurd, considering there is no standard DC level that devices use. Let alone I doubt that you could do that without having a bunch of electrical building codes violated
He was croatian you dumb shit
Mainly it's the fact that most people are not functionally different than hunter-gatherers. They legitimately do not care about anything other than food and sex. Business = money = food and sex.Science = long hours spent doing math = math is icky
He was the Greatest Italian ever. Nicola Tesla was truly based. Also he was white
Studying: Devote time and attention to acquiring knowledgeWhat about your DC source? What's the standard voltage you're using?
this
all of my shit runs on 5 usb input or a 5.5mm plug 12.. the rest runs on ACaka almost nothing I ownWhat do I use that runs directly off of AC OUTLET? my fridge, 2 servers and my 1 computers power supply, that is literally everything.. the only codes I had to meet were AC outlets 5ft from the door at the time, that's all.
Yep AC comes into my house, naturally. So I do have a converter that I convert it to DCI just have a few 50amp 110V - 220V to 12v DC transformers.
implying we don't already have this today
Computer screenTVWasher/Dryer Microwave Vacuum FansLightbulbs /Lamps Aka nearly everything but battery chargers
2015falling for reddit political views
 implying Asia isn't garbage
I'm not a supporter of socialism either, although I was born too late to see socialism in it's full glory here, but I have asked many, many things back then from parents, grandparents who were present form the WW2 era to the end of socialism in EU. It had it's dark ways too.I think it's not really capitalism though, many ideas of capitalism are usable imho.The first thing I learned growing up is finding out what's bullshit and what is not. Business/politics is all about how much you can get away with. The system of an era is the same. Make a system which is good enough that people won't start shooting around while you can get more money for doing less. Because our understanding of all the stuff around us got better as time went by, the facts got to a wider group of people. This made lies which could be used before obvious and made people angry/dissatisfied, so the system changed. Same shit happened, system changed again. It maybe got a little better, but people whose only achievement in life is that they can lie to and scam people gets to run that system every time. That's why I think it's a people problem, solving this won't happen over night by a bunch of guys talking on /g/, it will happen when millions of people will realize this and find what's proposed or similar an acceptable solution so that those people who are doing nothing but lying/doing nothing and taking a lot of money for it can't continue. The problem with this that this would require nearly all people to have a more noble understanding/goal and a global economical system which could with these conditions provide for the people. Plus a fundamental change in human nature, because a lot of the ways people have now should be abandoned. Basically it would mean the end of lying/bullshiting/tricking/using people. I'm not sure we can even see the far reaching consequences of this. That's why I unfortunately feel that this won't happen that soon. :
Edison wasn't smart enough to work out the math behind AC. He couldn't understand it, so he bashed it his entire life, even though it was better.
I agreeBut i also disagree because fuck you. Nothing is going to go the way you like, and people wont just not fuck you over, so pit down the chomsky and pick up some shopenhaur.
This is true. When I'm not taking care of my son, in math mode or programming mode or not in my heavy gaming mode then it's usually all about getting more food or finding some way to do sex stuff. Like masturbate, not any other shill. Then again, I'm woefully aware of this, and that is why I can get into math mode or programming mode, period.
They would've gotten good at wireless signalling a lot sooner had they gone that route, too. Man. We could have 3.5d gaming by now if that was the case...
I'm not a supporter of socialism eitherI can't fucking understand way americans feel the need to  point out that phrase every fucking time that they dare to talk politics."Socialism' it's been going on in the nordic nations from decades!!! SOVIET COMMUNISM is another thing, muricans should step out of the iron curtain fantasy and see the real world. Soviet Russia is over, Socialist scandinavia has been doing pretty fucking fine since the end of the war. China has become the first economy of the planet doing good business all around the world, same a Russia at this kucking moment.Meanwhile USA failed democracy has been stomping americuns rights to ashes. Media corporations keeping people in ignorance. You ain't have a government anymore, it's all a empty shell, no one is pretecting you. Plutocracy have the people at its mercy, americans themselves destroyed their political and social leaders, the guy in the white house, the house of the people, the house of Lincoln and that guy who defeated Hitler and us poverty in a wheel chair, the guy americans choose every four years has been stripped off power. Americuns turned their polititians into a joke, into powerless and pathetic cunt$, all for some fake money, fake economy that today slips through peoples fingers like sand.The worst of AMERICA destroyed Tesla. Big unregulated and all mighty money is destroying america today. "Socialism" IS ALL ABOUT PEOPLE, the best for ALL the people. Scandinavia is cold as shit, there's not much to exploit in resources, BUT is ENOUGH to make the people happy if well administrated and distributed, that's the whole point. America has a coast to coast piece of land and their people are treated like shit, americans should be leading the world into an utopia of hapiness and free and enough resources for everyone, instead of that, americans gets beaten, insulted, and stripped of their happinessTesla dream of a Free sharing and caring world died in the land of the Free.
He was a genius although with crazy ideas and inventions. Saddened his greatest work was never a success or had a chance to be used ever.. The Wardenclyffe Tower
TheOatmeal did it, the fucker
LOL OIL
R.I.P Wardenclyffe and Tesla. He was a hero
computer screen is dc, it converts it externally.. I just cut the cordtv same thingwasher dc motor, dryer AC vacuum dcfan  motor dclights all of them dcwhat?
yes. I have never thought of that but yes.Tesla was a true genius.What is google's fascination with pizza?
Other people applied rigor to AC lines after they were implemented. Name a technology where everything is fully worked out before. Academe are followers. Not saying they're bad but they aren't usually at the forefront of anything.
So new
You spelled Serbian wrong.
gorhill's autism strikes again. This this time he decided to play God with browser permissions, without knowing that Chrome has a protection system that automatically disables extensions that add a fuckton of new permissions overnight to take over your browser. So much for "no new features" and "maintenance version".His users are now all changing the extension rating to one star: 
uses chromeyou don't deserve such a thing as uBlock
You're a week late Wladimir.
ChromeAnd... Nothing was lost
uBlock has always been a Chrome extension. The Firefox version was published very recently.
You're implying that i use the latest version. I don't.Why would i need to update? Everything is fine on my 6 month old extension.
chromewho cares?
using ChromeCan't save you when the browser itself is undermining it.
uDisabled
I stand by my statement you massive faggotGOOGLE THAT WAS A FENCE NOT A GOD DAMNED STREET SIGN
select all street signstheres some fucking for sale sign in one of the images
Kek
not using chromeWhat the fuck do you use? Shitterfox?
I see this as a long term project. My decision will be proven right in the long run. People knee jerking without fully understanding what really went on is not a good reason for me to weaken good privacy habits. There will be a setting next version to re-enable it if you want, but prefetching will always be disabled by default, for all the reasons invoked. My track record is that of not compromising users' interests for the benefits of data miners etc., and disabling prefetching is consistent with this.Too bad, shills, he's not going to cave to you OR the retards posting reviews. :^
uHide
I just spilled ice cold water all over my leg after I forgot my water bottle was uncapped :
It's uDisabled now.
ublock and ublock origin together have above 250000 users now
Who cares when you can just use ublock origin?
Woops, I just realised this IS ublock origin. Sorry.
AM A HUGE FAGGOT WHO IS UNABLE TO READ PLEASE RAPE MY FACE

uBlock starting on Chrome is like champignons growing on manure.
I don't get the meme, why is just hiding the ad worse than actually blocking it?
I still don't get the difference between the two. My ublock became ublock origin one day.
Wastes bandwidth, memory/cache, and exposes you to third parties. Flash objects might also contain malware.Luckily all of that hiding stuff is bullshit
Gorhill's ublock has a different ID so they can update independently. Gorhill's branch is more privacy and security focused. Alex/Chris are just aiming for an adblock replacement.
Chrome users are retarded as fuck. Check out the reviews of uBlock on the Chroms Web Store.
I don't get why people use this buggy piece of shit beta software, when ABP works great.Until this guy gets his head out of his ass, I'm sticking with what works.
buggy piece of shit beta softwareCan you even show one example of where this is "buggy"?  It works as advertised, and i have not seen one single bug that isn't due to other plugins.
kill yourself botnetfaggot
chromeNo one cares about your babby toy. Even gorhill realises what piece of shit it is.
install Linspire
uBlock is maintained by a highschool teenager who hasn't even taken a calculus class yet.uBlock Origin on the other hand is maintained by an Atari Programmer.
It's the second time I see this meme today, what the fuck is going on?
How many cents do you get per post?
Why would I shill?It's really simple. I tried uBlock, it didn't work as advertised. I tried ABP, it worked great. Saw no speed difference between either. uBlock is really a pointless piece of software, it's a clone of a program that works perfectly already.
g is basically faggots, if you havent noticed.linux = shitublok = shitthinkpads = shitmpc hc = shitfirefox = shit
You forgot mpv = shit.
Now everybody who mocked Chis can stand corrected. His version turned out to be superior. It doesn't fuck up your permissions and won't disable itself every day.
Chris go away..
Because I looked up this Chris and ABP, I stumbled upon all this shit:stuff
using uhide unironically

Our team is already making a program to give the user a virus if they enter with an adblocker. Our site, our rules ... lel
You fucking disgust me. You really don't have anything better to do, you fucking troll. This is a man's work, his project and you are talking shit about it just like that? Just becouse you are on an anonimouse image board this is still real life, you autist. This shit is really inappropriate. GO AND FUCK YOURSELF!
calm down gorhill
i hide my dik in ur mum
chrome silently disables ublock origin and umatrix because permissions    all it does in an attempt to notify me is change the menu button to orange    obviously i don't notice that while browsing    browse porn site    advertisement loads    ad was infected with malware    host machine infected    THANK YOU GOOGLE
Prefetching is garbage and a waste of resources.
ad was infected with malwarehost machine infectedThis is beyond my understandings.Between those two steps must be a lot of idiotic behavior.
the fuck is everyone ignoring this post? He literally explain everything even pointing to the part of code concerned.
b-but muh smooth and fast
ABP shills
It won't be working in near future in Firefox too, as they also implanting some protection, so no shitty extension will be changing something in options.
How did you not notice ads before you started browsing porn?
Only allowing signed addons has nothing to do with their permissions.
This is actually an awesome logo. I don't have money to donate to you, so have one of the best links I've ever stumbled upon in all these years: yeah, needs flash but it's worth it.
le ublock death maymayle ABP is still better maymayno. fuck off to reddit
New meme 
lol /r/ublock is actually the only place in this world where people support Chris and use his version.
posting this shit 
i was distracted
le ebin uhide maymay:^
use that other guy's unlockeverything works as it shouldswitch to gorhill's unlock and use exact the same settingsyoutube videos no longer workkek
Support the development at ^_^"
This is exactly the kind of shit that makes me not want to use uBlock. The creator and all his supporters are absolutely insane. Go peddle crazy somewhere else.
ayy lmao
normie plsLetting how other people behave influence your choice of software is retarded.
Nice shill, Chris.
I'm sorry you've never felt passionate about a cause. You don't know what it is like to have something to believe in and fight for. Millions of people are hostage of ABP+ mischiveous agreements with ad agencies. A man called Raymound Hill Gorhill came to rescue us, and has been working hard on it for 16 months or so without asking anything in return. If you can't understand why we are grateful for his work, I can only feel sorry for you.
A man called Raymound Hill Gorhill came to rescue us, and has been working hard on it for 16 months or so without asking anything in return.Don't lie gorhill, you are on M$ payroll.

All it takes to fix ABP is uncheck one box on the options. Your "hero" created an entire program just to uncheck a box. Do you realize how retarded that is? Do you realize how crazy you sound?
You can't fix bloated shit like abp.
ABP is not bloated in the least bit. It does exactly what it's supposed to do and nothing else.
hun, check out the charts at 
b-but I'm not chrisI just wish adblock edge was still around
We've all seen those charts. Have you actually tried both programs in the real world? There is zero noticeable performance difference between uBlock and ABP. It's like a crazy person decided to reinvent the wheel.
ABE dev admits ublock origin is superiornice try
Are you mistaking uBlock with ABE ?Are you perhaps a retard ?
Talk back to us when ABP adds an easy to use pop-up panel showing domain connections and dynamic filters.
Have you actually tried both programs in the real world?Yes and my ff is snappier with ublock on my q9550.
ThisNobody uses abp except old people
Lol I don't believe you.I've tried both on  budget AMD processor with 8gb RAM and noticed zero difference. I welcome anyone to try it themselves to see.
nice try abp shill


mfw people unironically use lagfox
It's been so shit lately too. I have to restart it after an hour of browsing because it gets so laggy
what didn't work as advertised for you?
but le bawtnets
not using nightly
sameI am or better to say I was
Shit sucks but what else can we use?
 being an unpaid test monkey
I tried both on my fx 8350 with 8gb of ram and abp is a ramwhore.But I welcome someone else to try it.
firefox = shitenjoy your memory hog browser
better a stable memory hog that knows how to allocate memory than a browser that uses little but accumulates it so fast that it starts becoming unbearably slow after 1.2GB
not using developer edition
using uHideeverTry using both ABE and uHide with easylist and notice how uHide lets some ads slip through. Hilarious how much this shovelware got shilled, everything about it is shit like the worthless element picker you'd need a proper one with uHide constantly. ABL master race reporting out.
Try using both ABE and uHide with easylist and notice how uHide lets some ads slip through.Same here. It's sad how /g/ pretends that uBlock doesn't have these problems. Ads are simply there, just check your cache folder if you don't believe me.
And botnet. kek
What the fuck is this shit? I don't want to use shitty ublock
I thought the nazi were clever.
chrome
shitty ABP port runs like crap on shitty chromeublock runs a lot faster on itfirefox ABP runs finehurrdurr firefox is much faster with ublockNo it's not. It runs as fast as ABP but has a really shitty configuration page
Then don't, you fucking retard.
class="quote"there’s an overhead of about 4 MiB per iframeuBlock runs as slow as ABPmagical thinking: injecting 14,000+ CSS rules per iframe adds no CPU overhead
You do realise uBlock and uMatrix both run faster on Firefox, right? This was stated by gorhill himself.
uBlockShitty UI compared to ABEuMatrixAbsolute shit compared to RequestPolicy
Here's your reply.
Why do you even care about this? I've seen these threads in the catalog come and go, all the while using adblock plus and never having any issues with it.
are you getting intermittent hanging? i got fed up with it and installed nightly. it hasn't happened so far fingers crossed.i was almost convinced i was one of very few having that problem and that it'd never be fixed. turns out only the latter is true.
Shitty UI compared to ABENo. It's subjectively better, more modern, and 'just werks'. Furthermore, I couldn't care less about UIs, even if that were the case.If the UI is the only thing stopping you from making the switch when ABE's devs themselves have done so, then you should fuck off as /g/ is ill suited for you.Absolute shit compared to RequestPolicyRequestPolicy is obsolete. RequestPolicyContinued is also deprecated. Policeman is buggy and looks like shit. uMatrix does what ALL of them do, and more, whilst consuming even less resources they were good pieces of software nonetheless. uMatrix's feature set completely replaces and surpasses that of RP, RPC, PM, and NoScript, save for the latter's surrogate script feature that uBlock had coughcough, that is only used in extreme edge cases I count 11 such cases that have been reported on uBlock's repo, and will be replicated in the near feature although local-load does exist, and is actually going to be improved upon and refreshed as far as libraries go: class="quote"B-BUT POLICEMAN/RP/RPC/NS GIVES ME THE SCRIPT'S URL! ... so does uMatrix and uBlock, just check the network logger, faggot.Side note: uMatrix supports RequestPolicy rule syntax, so you can import your RP rules seamlessly.
Shitty UI compared to ABEMUH UI! I look at uBlock's UI once a week, if that, because I like it. I don't make use of dynamic filtering * * * noop because I have uMatrix for that.uBlock alone can wholly replace RequestPolicy/RequestPolicyContinued.
I had it once, went away after a restart of firefoxWhy do I have to press a "save" icon in uMatrix?
Why do I have to press a "save" icon in uMatrix?To "commit" the rules, otherwise they only work on a per session basis.I personally prefer it that way.
I personally prefer it that way.I don't.
It enforces good security practices.
Ublock alone is more than enough to replace requestpolicy. It can also import RP rules same as umatrix
if you don't use Ublock Origin you are literally retarded and don't belong on /g/
very recentlyand yet i've been using it for months.try harder chromedrone
You really have nothing better to do but spamming FUD about developer you personally don't like?
Wasn't this shit supposed to lower memory usage?I'm still hitting over 500MB here
when ABP works great.uses several MB per tab just for the filter lists, which hold 10.000s of unnecessary filtersdoesn't release that memory properly, thus OOM-crashes are inevitableyeah, ABP is great.
How many filters are you using?
Only Fanboy's Ultimate List is all that I'm using
That's like three or four lists combined together that's pretty big. Do you get the exact same memory usage with ABP? The main benefit of ublock is that your browser doesn't get bogged down by having like a dozen lists enabled at once.
class="quote"abp just werks guise, i dont notice a difference!uBlock - 400mbABP - 1.3gb
not having gigabytes of ram freehaving to manually enter all your filtersEnjoy being poor
About a 100MB increase
On ABP? I think that sounds about right.
not having a 128bit system and browser
The autism in this thread made me switch back to ABP.
there are people on /g/ using uHide right now
With all the shitposters in this thread including OP I would have thought you'd go the other way.
Could you explain how it didn't work?
Reminder that ABP shills are real.
Reminder that ABP shills are real.  Reminder that YOU hide the ads.
proving me right
select all street signsall street signs selected"you selected too few images"select the basketball hoop tooaccepted
Obviously. ABP makes money from the whitelist. If less people use ABP, they won't be able to extort as much money from companies to place them on there.
le ebin cache meme:DDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Thanks hivemind.
do we need money?Eyeo GmbH, the company behind Adblock Plus, was founded to pursue a different vision of online advertising. This is not something a single person can do as a hobby.Single person can do only ad hider.
Single person can do onlySEA pls
jesus christ you're all a bunch of faggots
pursue a different vision of online advertising
This. uBlock is a scam created by an autist for some purpose that I'm not sure of yet. Donations? To pad his resume? For autist fame? Whatever it is, the whole uBlock project stinks of bullshit. Beware.
 not knowing that Chris's sister is on a wheelchair
So whats the consensus here? remove it?
The consensus is to use ABP+. It works better than ever. If you don't like the whitelist, just disable it.
Maybe she's just lazy.
Reported for bigotry against the handicapped.
Is that blurry picture supposed to be proof? This whole thing reeks of a scam. It's called a sympathy ploy.
ITTuHide maymay, obviously fake graphDead old meme. Proofs in the archiveToo lazy to click a lock buttonCan't work out uBlock ui and shits himselfKek.
ITTABP shill fails to convince anyone of anythingfixd
Thanks
The sad thing is you think people are actually shilling when in fact they're just defending software that actually works. uBlock is buggy beta software created as some sort of scam. It's sad that the creator has resorted to this.
That would be fine if ABP worked. It doesn't
It actually works great. Far better than uBlock.
some sort of scamWladimir does not like scams:AdBlock:What are they hiding?About Adguard:I strongly suspect that some money laundering scheme is involvedWeird that he hasn't shed any light yet on the uBlock scam.
While i do agree with you...gorhill plz go
having to manually enter all your filtersWhat?
Why do we need money?At least you admit to being a shill.
Chris didn't make uBlock, you fucking newfag.Why did Gorhill create uBlock? He created it because Wladimir Palant publicly ridiculed his proof of concept and called him a hack, when he tried to fix ABP.
That would be fine if ABP worked. It doesn'tBut it does. At least for me ABP works just fine.
ayy lmao
That's why smart people don't use chrome.Accept the slow speed of Firefox or accept Google's extension censorship. Choose one.
Underrated post.
making such a big deal out of this when he has written a detailed explanation/g/ sank to a new low. this board is as cancerous as /v/ now
tfw this will become a reality in the next few years
He created it because Wladimir Palant publicly ridiculed his proof of concept and called him a hack, when he tried to fix ABP.That sounds juicy. Got a link to where this went down?
Adblock edge masterrace! niggaz
All of them can be found here: is where Wladimir Palant tried to ridicule him: down for his replies, as 'R. Hill'.
all that retardeese talk with no argumentsNow, I get the feeling it's not just random /g/ shitposters posting this shit.
Now, I get the feeling it's not just random /g/ shitposters posting this shit.It's probably Palant himself. He's already tried to discredit uBlock before, against all evidence, as you can see there.
Nah, he wouldn't bother to shitpost himself, when he can hire professional shills to do it for him.
all that Wladimir analannihilation
professional shillsThey're not very good at it.
Yeah, they're Microsoft tier. Google and Apple shills are a lot more subtle.
This is even more of a problem on mobile.  Try installing ANY extensions on Chrome for android.
i'm confused. What is better? Should i continue to use ublock or switch to origin? Also site says this is the difference between ublock icons but my looks kinda different, pic related. Why?And why the hell there even 2 versions of this addon? What happened?
forgot pic
They're being obvious on purpose. It make it seem like they're trolling so that mods/janitors are less likely to ban them.
linking to aljewdi site
Use origin. It's over 400 commits ahead of 'uBlock', and it's the original creator's 'fork'.But trolling outside of /b/ is a bannable offence.
So is racism.
But trolling outside of /b/ is a bannable offence.And screenshot threads are a /wg/ thing.Imagine a /g/ where the fucking rules were applied.
Imagine a /g/ where the fucking rules were applied.Disinformation is a lot more serious than going offtopic. Especially when it's fueled by commercial interests.
Stop falling for retarded kneejerk sentiment you weakling
Why did you ever trust anything but good old sturdy AdBlock Plus?

Seriously though, all they ever did was tick a box by default and you autists collectively flipped your shit
Are you also retarded ?
just a shill
Nice argument you reddit-tier fag, carry on with your edgy fedora adblocks that steal your shit
Did something happen?
Wladimir's shills are on the roll.
ADOBE FLASHDOBEFLASH
hunWhy do retarded people spell it that way? It's supposed to be short for HONEY you dumb fuck.
Why cant you just use ABE like every normal person?Got memed hard into ublock, reaping what you sow
not just using a hosts file
what are cosmetic filters, element hiding and easy filter list editingBut of course, nothing is stopping you from being the special snowflake that you are.
If uBlock actually worked and wasn't run by a bunch of insane shut-ins, I'd easily switch.As it is right now, it's buggy software with a dubious agenda and no future.ABP is actually run by people that know what they're doing.
You're neither amusing or convincing.Stop shitposting or better yet, stop being retarded.
Is the memory usage really worth it?
Just telling the truth. Sorry it hurts.
uBlock Origin on the other hand is maintained by an Atari Programmer.Is that why all the games have shit graphics and can be easily programmed in a day or three?
Why cant you just use ABE like every normal person?class="quote"About this Add-on**This addon has been discontinuedReason: Discontinued in favor of uBlock, a general purpose blocker, that not only outperforms Adblock Edge but is also available on other browsers and, of course, without "Acceptable Ads Whitelist".Ublock Origin is also recommended, the main difference with Ublock is that "advanced mode" is available.This page will be kept for archival purposes.Fuck off, retard.He's saying that because I once posted something gorhill made, decades ago 1992: is a very experience programmer, and it really shows.
buggy softwareIt just fucking works
Except when it doesn't.Go to @midnight website, try to watch a show using uBlock, it freezes at the commercial break.Uninstall uBlock, install ABP, it works perfectly.
Go to @midnight website, try to watch a show using uBlock, it freezes at the commercial break.Uninstall uBlock, install ABP, it works perfectly.Are you using the same lists? Did you check the logger?I can't reproduce because I'm not from the US and thus, unable to watch it no, I don't have an American VPN either.
I'm not an Americunt
I just tried it and it works fine.
windows = shitadblock = shitchrome = shitvlc = shitmplayer = shitdesktop environments = shityou forgot literally everything else..
computers = shit
vouchfucking shit hawks invented computers
Worked perfectly fine on my machine.
No, it doesn't.
I know most of you 1% used latest rig as comparison but on my Intel G toaster uBlock run better compare to ABP.
Uber disease addonYou got that right
I know most of you 1% used latest rig as comparison but on my Intel G toaster uBlock run better compare to ABP.That's because uBlock is objectively better. The only difference is in terms of perception for users which run them on high tier SSDs and CPUs -- naturally it doesn't feel much different to them, other than the fact their browser opens up faster. However, if you're not using it for the perceived performance boost, people should consider using it for the fact it has more features.
This
Memory usage issuesi didn't know this was issue with the gaymers we got here. certainly not a issue with my FX-8350 + 8GB RAM + SSD :^
Refer to  faggot
What features you faggot, it blocks ads, what else does it need to do ? Lick my asshole ? Your mum does that
    Extends the filter syntax.    Local mirroring COMMENTED OUT for now, a currently experimental but promising feature. probably best to be spun as a separate extension for now, way too many issues to investigate to find out whether they can be resolved or not.    Dynamic filtering, the ability to point-and-click to filter on/off script and iframe tags, on a 1st- or 3rd-party basis. I consider this to be a key feature of uBlock.    Element picker is more modern.    Let you select most common filter lists out of the box, without the need to import them first.    Supports hosts files hostnames are translated into the equivalent of ||www.example.com^.    Ability to whitelist single web page, or a whole section of a web site.    Ability to not load cosmetic filters saves lot of memory.    A log of the net requests showing allowed/blocked net requests, and which filter, if any, matched each net request.    Intercepts behind the scene requests.
tl;dr it blocks adswooow
No, it blocks requests to other domains, and it also happens to support ABP filters lists.
Why cant this maymay die
add a fuckton of new permissions overnight2 permissions.So much for "no new features" and "maintenance version".That's because requests were bypassing the web API, thus not letting uBlock to do its work. It was a fix.
/g/ has changed
2 permissionsNo, 1 permission.
Oh yes, "privacy", my bad.
You can't hide ads without having permission?
lots of loyalty for a hired shill
You can't block certain hostnames that are prefetched by the browser because they bypass the webrequest API.
yet chrome is still gimped botnet shit
yet chrome is still gimped botnet shitIt affected firefox as well, didn't it?
lmao
but you can't disable phoning home on chrom*
Thanks for reply.
You can, with uMatrix, by enabling b-t-s requests.
 meI do use firefox though.
I have behind-the-scene blocked with few exemptions.
I'll never understand why there's this massive shilling war going on between browser addons.
Seriously this is ridiculous. These uBlock shills are awful and really turn me off from using it. If the program was actually any better than ABP, it would stand on its own without having an army of autists spamming it 24/7.
uBlock lets you block behind the scene stuff too. ;
easily programmed in a day or threeSpitting from atop the shoulders of giants, I see
Ah, yes, but only with the logger. So you kinda have to leave it open for quite a bit.
 cont.And not as many request types eg: websocket, pings, fonts, css.
Just block all behind the scene requests by default and do the needful to unbreak your favorite sites.
gonorrhill is considering adding those to uBlock too: 
UNABLE TO READ
FUCK YOU ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL FUCK FUCK YOU ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!
Are you a content producer upset because your hard work isn't being rewarded?
So which one is best? uBlock or uBlock Origin?
uMatrix
uBlock Origin + uMatrix
what do you use uBlock for? Just element filtering? That can be done with a usercontent.css on Firefox. There are pre-made css files you can download too.
umatrix doesn't have static filters.
Just the cosmetic stuff.
That can be done with a usercontent.css on Firefox.being THAT autistic
I think that the future trend will be to ban adblocking extensions.Chrome already started with that.And as for firefox, it is obvious that the end game of the signed/approved extensions will be to ban adblockers and DRM breaking addons.
end game of the signed/approved extensions will be to ban adblockers and DRM breaking addonsYou are so full of shit.
Yeah except for the whole free open source part which kinda renders all of that futile.
The age of traditional computers is over. Google and other ad companies couldn't care less whether you block their ads on your 49423842GB "battle station". The money is being made on phones now, and most of the people in the world will never care enough to go through the steps to block ads on Android or iOS.
This is precisely why I use firefox on my phone, it actually lets me block shit.
Taboola, calm down.
not him ,but I bet the reason it "didnt work as intended" is because it breaks some websites if you dont fuck around with the filter. thats the reason i dont use it, i dont feel like learning how to use it
What sites did it break with the default filters on?
We should have serious threads with filters and lists.
I hate the android emoji's and I've been searching for alternatives for a while. Are there any keyboards that run smooth and include the Apple emoji's? Since emojis are the only desirable feature on an iPhone...
prefers apple emojis to the android onesI didn't know completely blind people could use 4chan.
emoji suck dickI want emojiApple emoji'sYou mean the one that has the lgbtt emojis?Are you a closet fag OP?
Or maybe he's a niglet.
buy an iphone
prefers Apple emojis that look fucking disgustingWhat are you on?
Android doesn't have emoji that literally everyone else uses?
Android doesn't include all of the same emojis, and it's hard to identify a lot of the android faces.
if you're rooted you can certainly find something to install the Apple emojis. just don't expect them to be up-to-date, you won't be using black emojis or whatever until Android M supports them AND someone has to tweak the font too before you can install it
doesn't include all of the same emojisDoes that really matter so much to you? It's probably only missing a few, so no dealbreaker, surely.hard to identify a lot of the android facesPlease clarify.
prefers emojis that look like something bundled in an AIM release from 2008Why?
I recall Windows Phone emojis being cool in a very minimalist way
If you prefer Apple emojis over Android emojis you should seriously consider suicide.
Uh OP, the emojis are just renderings your phone shows you as they are extended ASCII characters. You send an "Android" emoji and the Apple friends of yours still see it as a typical "Apple" emoji.tfw Textra master racetfw can choose between Appul and Android emoji styleDoes really matter though, the android ones are superior.
using emojis at alldude that's fucking gay, only women use italso, emoticonsemojisemojis are so fucking generic and gay looking
👌👌👌
You know how emoticons and emoji initially helped to convey the emotion lost in plain text? You're just confusing things more if the icon doesn't depict the defined image well.Plus to make things worse, the emoji displayed varies even between Android device makers. So even two Android users might not know wtf the other is trying to express. Why is the android version of this emoji a heart sprouting nigger dicks?

🍕
feature better on Apple deviceWho the fuck cares? Shit's stupid.feature better on non Apple deviceLOLOL. APPLE, YOU SUCK!
Holy shit those suck. Galaxy s4 checking in. Even better than the iOS ones lol.
it's an upside down ballsack anon
using emojis.what are you 15? Fucking summer fags.
wtf is wrong with your color profile retard? fix that shit.
Only women use emoticons or emojis. They're all gay.
👌👌🔥🔥💯💯
looks like he has flux on 300x more intense than he needs it
genericI have an S4 likeand the Samsung emoji are definitely NOT generic looking.
🔯🔯🔯💰💰💰💸💸💸💎💎💎💂Oyyy veyyy
You retards will cry about anything lol.
🏢🏢✈🔯👃💵
OP🔫Hands in the air or OP gets it!Actually... Not very good encouragement...
 🔯! 🆓💸💸💸 ➡🏦👳/👳 ✈✈ 🏢🏢 🎉🎇🎆🔥🔥
If your rooted and running android kitkat or above, there as an app on the Google play store that let's you change the appearnce of the emojis
Good Sir, have you no tongue?Because clearly you have no taste.
If rooted, you can get Emoji Switcher.
Android has lgbt ones and they're worse
Just buy an iPhone.
If you're going for the 2003 ICQ messenger vibe, then by all means, the apple ones fit the bill.Regardless, emojis are fucking retarded. If you use them as an adult man, you're a faggot. There's no excuse any more.
2015not using text emojis exclusivelyAbsolutely disgusting ｀^´
what kind of nigger android uses these? I have a G2 and the emojis are basically the same as iPhone. Also I have a cheap ass chinese lenovo tab and it uses these ugly emojis. I can barely bare to look at them. Fuck.
text emojisThose are called emoticons you fucktard.
Nexus 5 master race.
👌👌🔥🔥💯💯the fuck is this shit wingdings? it's been all over 4chan recently
kaomoji*
👻
buying a new phone just for emoticonsAre all applefags this retarded?
You mean the one that has the lgbtt emojis?android's literally an OS made by faggots for faggots.
think different ;- ;-
still mad that they removed the hairy heart in L
 tfw Galaxy S3:- ;- :-D :- :' :O ▪·○●□■◇◆▲▼▶◀
I get the same emojis as iPhones on my Samsung Galaxy Avant
So, who's switching now?
I switched over from Android to iOS last week. It's a pretty painless process. I don't know why an app is necessary.
honestly, I'm thinking about downgrading from android to a simple flip phone aka a dumb phone for calls and text. much better privacy.
You can recycle this Android phone for free at any Apple Storegets me every time
I don't know why an app is necessary.make it even easier I guess... especially for 3rd party stuff.or you can get an iPhone and manage your own privacy.
recycle your Android phonefor freeWhere they gonna charge for throwing it in the electronics recycling bin?iOSmore privacy than a prepaid dumbphoneNope.
much better privacy.You don't remotely know what your dumb phone is  doing on an open sauce ROM, you can at least have some basic degree of confidence and control - you know, per-app permissions and all that.And using encryption together with other privacy-conscious people isn't an option. So you will be logged on the phone network, always.
moves all my webmscan't play them
Saves you the trouble of reentering contact data if nothing else.
Because if you're switching to iOS you're probably not too bright to begin with
dumbfone is fucking useless tho. can't even order Uber with it and can't "order" chicks off Tinder or get pussy/boobs pics from Snapchat.
/thread
brightnigga please. android is literally a poor people's phone made by curryniggers.ever read reviews on Google Play? 90% of reviewers can't even spell their names.
I actually like that Apple has copied this from Samsung.It's a useful feature fer sher.However, come on. That fucking background.The average iPhone user is not the type to go kayaking.In the event they did, it was the only time they ever did, probably just sat in it and floating while people took pics, and it was probably on same weak ass vacation that they took so they could talk about their vacation with other people who go to touristy places to be put through the tourist machine.
lol. Get made iFag. Custom ROMs, kernels - we can do whatever we want while you just sit there getting mad over the fact that you can't even download shit from the internet fag
Looks like you just proving his point.
90% of reviewers can't even spell their namesAnd they're still smarter than iOS users!
Android is a phone
just like an applefag to care what other people think and who else is using the phone than actually just using it
Ayy lmao
iphone is proprietary and you have zero clue what's going on in the background, encrypting it won't stop apple from knowing what you're doing. Android is free software only to a degree so it can still do something sneaky behind the scenes. Honestly, all phones are a privacy hazard, the dumb phones just seem like the lesser evil compared to a smartphone.
Pic related, only white people make iPhones.
Not storing your contacts on your SIM cardOrNot just exporting your contacts to a .vcf and then bluetoothing it to your other device and then importing.Most of these things are built in. It's literally an app that goes "HEY, COME HERE GUYS. ALSO, GIMME YOUR NAMES APPS, I'LL GET YOU THROUGH THE APP STORE IF YOU'RE THERE"When you then realize that your 5-1 chum app is gone.
     Incoming butthurt! Get your asses ready!Wealthy and white people predominantly choose iPhone.Proof That Android Really Is For The Poorclass="quote" Android Is For Poor People: Maps - Business Insiderclass="quote"A new Pew study says the majority of Americans now own smartphones and the majority of rich, educated adults own iPhones.class="quote"Surprise; Apple's iPhones Are Expensive So Rich People Are More Likely To Have Themcan tell where the rich people are in the city by looking at iPhone distribution. You can also tell where the white neighborhoods are and where black & hispanics neighborhoods are just based on iPhone usage. Yes, really.
The shilling is real
Android user statusMEME'D TO DEATHEME'DTODEATH
nice pasta you took from the archives faggot.
I literally couldn't care less. Actually I could, as in not replying to you right now, but I'm bored.
avoiding one product because the poor has itbuying another because the rich have itI'm not saying I'm not a consumer but this is just pathetic.
While working part time I walmart I went through an iPhone 3, 3GS, 4S, 5, 5S. I also had an iPad 2, iPad Mini, and an iPad Air.What's this about rich people?Meanwhile I also had a Galaxy S1 Int version, HTC Desire Z, Nexus 4, Nexus 5, HTC One M7, Note 2 N7100, Galaxy S3, Galaxy S4 and right now I'm using a Galaxy S6.Top 5 phones.1 GS6, easily.2 GS1 That wolfson tho, mmm gurl3Nexus 4 This was just... so well designed, felt so good to use. 4 iPhone 5s5 iPhone 3Gs This thing I still have around. It still works fast even on 6.1.whatever. Tiny as shit though.Special commendation: Nexus 5.I love my N5. I really do. The design, though, is worse than the N4, so the N4 goes on the list instead. The N5 though just has such a sweet screen and spec load. Even the camera can be good with the right app.Photos in RAW look much better than the processed JPGs everything makes

Hey guys /pols here.
Your needs are kinda irrelevant to be honest.
implying people don't just buy it because they're stupid as fuck
Not storing your contacts on your SIM cardMy contact list is too large for that and it also only suggests the simplest of entries.Also it's known to be buggy and split contacts into multiple contacts like Mom/M for mobile Mom/H for home and so on.
Hence why I said OR and then another option.
it's the other way around. people buying android are stupid as fuck because those cheap phones never receive any upgrades. you're basically buying abandonware as soon as you buy Android because no one cares about you after they get your cash.apple just released iOS9 for iPhone4S... like a 4 year old phone. and they even optimized the OS for for it and made it faster than it was when it came out.also, apple cares about your privacy and they have a god-tier customer service.so paying $50 extra upfront to get iPhone seems like an amazing investment over the years that you'll be using the device.
I don't use tinder, uber, or snapchat.
fucking this
iOS9 for the 4SFaster than when it came outSo they released a fork that has less features OR they crippled the OS for the better devices.AlsoImplying it'll be faster.Implying people didn't say that the iPhone 4 was better with iOS 8 when it very painfully obviously wasn't.Come on man, try harder.
mobile phone privacy lmao
almost all my phone use is to text and call. sometimes I might browse the web. I don't give a shit about useless shit like Snapchat, Tinder, or Uber.
can't even order Uber with itDo people actually use this shit? I wouldn't use any ridesharing service if I wasn't carrying a concealed firearm.
UberI have a car because I'm not poorLikewise, I also live beside a subway line because I'm not poor
I have a car because I'm not poorYour 1986 Toyota Corolla doesn't mean you aren't poorLikewise, I also live beside a subway line because I'm not poorPoor people live next to transit lanes because it's cheap because it's busy and noisy
When did /g/ become shitposting central?
Because macfags can't find the power button.
Poor people live next to transit lanes because it's cheap because it's busy and noisyI'm guessing you still live in your mothers basement then? Apartments close to subways are generally valued quite highly. Well, compared to equivalent apartments farther away I mean.
Nexus 5 design worse than 4Really? I dislike that glitter pattern. I find Nexus 5 much more elegant.
singapoor
I live in a house on a large hill with a view of the city with my girlfriend and two other buddies and three goddamn asshole cats.Again, poor fags live near transit, especially in apartments.
I wanna keep my android since it has a bit better compatability with my computer and uses a file management system I'm used to.Also, generally more support for things like networking/technical stuff, like setting up an ip camera Web using some old phones, or new android ones. But yeh, I wanna keep my phone, it suits my needs and it's compatible in ways that the iPhone isn't.
This is, of course, relative to an individuals taste.I'm not super into the dots but they don't look gaudy or noticeable unless you hold it up to a light and move it around. Otherwise the feel was much better. The sides were solid and grippy, the rounded edges of the glass were smooth and comfortable for swiping, the back edges were just rounded enough to be comfy while sharp enough to add grip, and the black everything made it into a beautiful monolith looking rounded rectangle.The Nexus 5 feels cheaper. Not bad, per say, I do love my 5, but the plastic edges dent easy and feel plasticy in the hand, the back on my white one is alright but a little slippy whereas the black back feels rubbery in kind of a bad way, and the edges are too sharp for hand comfort comparatively. Also the camera looks weird on the back.These are all just aesthetic which is going to obviously be entirely personal taste.I love my S6s design, but it sure is slippery. Feels and looks great though. I actually have come to really like the color shift of the black when it's in the sun to a blue-green kind of color.
Manage your own privacy.Apple has had a pretty solid record as far as privacy goes right?
What is the fappeningwhat is Edward snowden what is u2 album being downloaded automatically
what are 3 things that have absolutely fuckall to do with me or the way I use my phone
So, people stealing your personal photos,Apple stealing your personal informationAnd bands forcing data onto your phone,Doesn't actually Involve you?
Not even ded
Nope
Can you /apple/ faggots fuck off? You make me physically sick.
Not him, butI don't use "da cloud," and the gay U2 album showed up as an available download, which I have hidden anywayAs far as Apple stealing my personal information, well, that's almost inevitable with any smartphone.
Its applefag day. We /cult/ now
Not really. Your messages and calls are still not secure and you can still be tracked
with any mobile phone you relinquish privacy, because every phone is a tracking deviceat least with android you can install ubuntu or something and know what going on behind the scenes not that it matters much
But iOS is shit, why would I like to downgrade myself on my app options and freedoms?
downgrade myselfFor anyone who just needs to reply to texts, emails, facebook, watch youtube or vessel ios only, twitter, light web browsing, etc ios is fine. Sacrificing "options and freedoms" for smoother operation "just werks" and le blue text maymay isn't really sacrifice at all.An iPhone is a status symbol, if you have one you're perceived as a normal mid-upper class white person. Don't you want to be normal?
Why would I switch TO iPhone?
For anyone who just needs to do simple stuffSpending over $100 on itWay to be a retard, heh, well, enjoy your status symbol pal.
define normalshallow, materialistic, and unconcerned with the reality around them in favor of some dumb, vapid celebrities?i'll pass.
All that insecurity.Its like you're trying to use an iPhone to compensate for something.
What do you all do with your excess money?
Trips around the world.
food, debt, or maybe i'll just fill a bathtub with pennies and swim around in it.
Save.Blind consumerism is shallow and unfulfilling.
Not me. Hell no.
I bought 15 androids so I can switch to 15 iPhone, so I can use Facebook.
kek
I just left iOS for Android, why would I go back?
are people ironically shilling for apple to make /g/entoos mad?
I can report this for spam, right?
for the pussy, bitches love iOS
google playhaving the botnet apps on your custom ROMLel
If this and the support for iOS-devices from 2011 isn't going to fucking wake up Google from their hatred towards their users, nothing will, and Android will go extinct in the USA and Europe.Ball's in your court, Google.
you can report it as butthurt. make sure to fill out the form and email moot just to be safe. also, get some preparation-H and lube your ass just in case moot ignores you since he doesn't give a fuck about autists and sociopaths from /g/
Personal data, downloaded apps, and other informationDownloaded appsSo F-Droid, Mobile Firefox, Linux Deploy, Ad Away and Super SU are all going to transfer over flawlessly, right? And I can sue for false advertisement if they don't, right?
Whats the best amd Graphic cards /g/?
GTX 970/thread
the 4850
4890
4870 and 5870
This.  Unless you're really hurting I can't recommend AMD for anything anymore.  RIP AMD
R9 295X2
all 3.5gb of it
, 
be at 500kb/snot happy, calls tech supportindian answers, tells me to switch from PPPoE to PPPoA.indian tells me to switch modulation to G.dmtindian tells me to disconnect my splitter, knocking out my telemarketer phone.speed is now at 140kb/s, upload is 20kb/s, indian decides nows the time to call someone who can actually fix itthreatens me with a $420 fee plus $35 per 15 minutes the serviceman is called out for.attempts to forward me to a survey, which just ends the call on me.10/10 would use Dodo.com.au in Sydney again.inb4 mexico has better internet than this.
inb4 cool blog post
But we do
AustraliaNot even once.
be melive in denmarkorder 300/300 fiber for 85~ USD a monthit just werks
No you don't.
I feel for you, OP. I'm lucky to be with Escapenet. They're small enough that they have to employ Australian tech support staff, which means I call up and have a chat in fluent English, and THEY have to deal with the Indians at Telstra Wholesale.Where are you living, dude?
3Mbps max download on Verizon dsl. Actual max throughput to my place is something like 4.75Mbps but Verizon won't give me that extra little boost unless I buy their "up to 7Mpbs" package.Maybe I should just do it.
dodoWell there's your problem.
using DodoeverThey won the worst customer service award something like 5 times in a row in the early 2000's
 australiaIt's your own goddamned fault for electing Abbott a second time.
This
Why is it still so easy IN 200-MOTHERFUCKING-15 intercept wifi without out the victim even knowing?no need for WPSAP encryption doesn't even fucking matterall is needed is to deauth client and spoof whatever is neededhurrdurr im your routercomputer: oklol ill show you my ping-nesAP: yay nomnomnomDevices sending prob request for no fucking reason for things ssid's that havent been connected to in over a yearWhy do you broadcast your ssid?Why is wifi still retarded?
200-MOTHERFUCKING-15200-1520015
it is tricky life being an access point having shouting contests with other access points you can not actually see so only the clients get shouted at

MOTHERFUCKING = -1800
How does it decrypt the signal? I mean, my WPA is stored on the router and in my pc settings, it's never broadcasted unless I access the router to read/edit it. Even if you're hijacking the destination, won't you receive only encrypted data? Because your device doesn't know the WPA, the SSID alone can't give you the WPA unless you know an exploit in the victim's router.
200--1800-15-1615Of course, that's not what you mean.20015 - 1800Is what I assume you're trying to communicate.20015 - 1800 = 18215Still wrong though.
I love how you expect to get an answer of value from /g/ that doesn't involve thinkp0ds and/or macfags.
Why do you broadcast your ssid? heuheuheuBecause you'll never crack my WPA2 password?
The two minuses cancel and you get a plus:200--1800=200+1800but I'm fucking retarded and thought that it was -15 not +15. What I ment was:MOTHERFUCKING = 1830so it's200--1830-15which is 200+1830-15which is2030-15which is2015.
Except none of that matters you'll never be able to crack a good password
wifi
Please , can you help me pull this wedsite a.m. June 9, 2015 , and lost two years trying to do the test, but do not stay in high school kiero please study
what
Anon, apply for a cbtis and come back when you are 18.
two ad-block extensions
Just study like everyone did, and stop typing with K instead if Q or learn how to hack and do it yourself
Hello my friend. /g/ not personal army. I suggest you study for a test when it comes time to learn. You brought this on yourself instantly.
chatting with an honest-to-goodness, legit hacker on omegle
Ask him if he can DDOS 127.0.0.1 for me.
what's he saying, op?
lolololol Xddddddd le epic trolly!
, 
, 
, 
Thoughts?
Gorillaz ad where?
Just bought one today. It seems nice so far but:power, volume button placement is SHIT720p display despite nice large screenMEH quad coreI'd go to a store and play with one. I like the stylus and I have freakishly huge hands but you might have little baby hands.
That's not the Stylo. Also dont get the Boost Mobile version.  Stock, with first boot up and the phone has already used the majority of its 1gb of ram.
You will get used to the buttons after a week
that looks exactly the same as the leon. what's the difference between the two?
ONE STYLOOO
Purchase the MetroPCS because Boost Mobile nuked their version. The Metro version has: 2Gb of ram vs 1 GB which .. Trust me .. The Boost version lags ALOT. And the Metro version has 16gb of storage versus 8 only 2gb free on Boost.
Was considering both the Stylo and the Leon until I got a free GS4.What do I do now?inb4 kill yourself
, 
Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
tfw ditching my e520 for a t430s.A-am I allowed here n-now?
... we'll allow it, sure.
Thinking about buying a T420 but im getting a lot of discrepancies about the weight. Cnet says its heavy and bulky while their own specs say its less than 4 pounds.Anyone with this laptop mind telling me its actual weight?
heavy and bulkyit's a goddamned thinkpad it's going to be heavier than your average faggy ultrabook4lbs seems reasonable for it
That does not seam bulky to me. Perhaps they were comparing it to an ultrabook.
that's going to depend on battery.  All the thinkpads maybe not the W series are actually pretty light untill you slap the battery on.  Like, 2/3 of the weight of the X series is the battery.
Currently have an x40. The slow, shitty harddrive died, so I'm looking for a replacement for those rare occasions when I need to leave my bed.  Budget is $250
Currently have an x40. The slow, shitty harddrive died, so I'm looking for a replacement for those rare occasions when I need to leave my bed. Budget is $250X40... 1.8" PATA  with the connector on the wrong side if I recall?You can grab a 2.5" male PATA-CF converter and a CF card off newegg/eBay if I recall correctly.  Or spend $50 on an X61 and $100 on an IPS upgrade.
Or you could get a sandy bridge T/X series model for like 250$ if you search around ebay.
If you were going to buy your mom a laptop, would you get her a thinkpad or a latitude?
How easy is it to change out thge trackpad?
danke!
I'd go for a Thinkpad, but that's just because it's what I'm familiar with so I'd know how to fix anything she manages to break.
ffs newfag OP
I bought a used x220 3 years of use. I fucked? I
just don't try to clickpad anything
How much did you spend and what specs did you get?
Yeah but what if you didnt own one. I really cant figure out which one is the better option for an old lady.
x61T7500 2.2 GHz vs T8100 2.1 GHzwhat do?can 1024x768 still browse a web?
Well, even if you've never owned one before you've got these threads, Lelnovo's support page, and the ThinkWiki to help you out with any problems. I dunno what sort of support Dell provides, but I doubt it matches those three things combined.
i58ghz320 HD$414,00
It is true that a following usually means something. I am leaning to the thinkpad. I think I would also rather work on the thinkpad than the dell.
$414Yeesh, quite a bit more than I'd spend on an X220 got my own with a 160GB SSD for $207, but judging by your use of a comma instead of a decimal point I'd guess you're euro so that's probably not such a bad price over there.
As long as you're not doing anything fancy like putting in a different keyboardUndo the screws labelled keyboard on the bottomPush it forwardLift off a bit and be careful not to fuck the ribbon cableDoneJust remember to consult the hardware maintenance manual
euro? no, it's worst. i'm a brazilian poorfag. here everything is expensive.
brazillianDamn son, i've heard about BR taxes. Seems you did alright man. Any idea if that's an IPS screen?
I do not know. The seller did not know.I hope so.
Ask him for the model number and start searching. Usually it should say premium HD screen if it's an IPS.
So /tpg/, does the battery gauge reset in power manager actually work?Just get my T410, after that I discovered that my battery only have 55% capacity left. It left me like with 1 hour even in battery saving modeJesus
It really shouldn't be that bad. My T420 gets 5 hours on casual usage with a battery on 65% of it's original capacity.
3rd party batteries any good?
Yes it is since its a fucking 4-cell
the fuck? is that a SL410 by any chance?
NoIt's a t410It original capacity is 38-ish, now it left me with 17.Well, I got it for like 200$, which is cheap in my country. Can't expect anything better
mfw i got a x220 4gb ram, core i5 2,5 ghz, 320gb HDD for 37 euro
What the. How did you do that? Is it working? Condition?
Thinking about buying this year newegg warranty. I am scared shittless of getting a laptop whos keyboard is infested with hair. It does how ever cover all my bases /g/..Should I do it?
You wot m8
Why should I get a ThinkPad when I can just get something cheaper and more recent on craigslist?
But will it be better?
tabletdesktopchromebookno actual laptops under $100the two laptops are both consumer-tier pieces of shitA $50 T60 will do way more for you than anything else listed there.
Had my X220 for about 4 weeks now, I love it.However I've had a problem. It's not to do with the laptop itself but more to do with Windows being fucking awful. I let Windows download the drivers for the Ricoh memory card reader from the Lenovo website, and all was well. Then about 2 days later I had a constant 30% cpu use all the time from the "System" process. Grabbed Process Explorer, found out the memory card reader was using up 30% constantly. Disabled the damn thing, back down to like 2%
Maybe try reinstalling the drivers? I'm not having any issues on my X220 and I even keep a card in there all the time.
anyone with the x250?might want to buy one for my graduation, need opinions.
I'm getting one after the coming weekend. I'll probably post my thoughts then.
It's pretty nice, the battery life and screen are spectacular and the keyboard is alright assuming you're not too autistic. Though it lacks any upgradabilty what so ever, you're limited to single channel 8GB's of ram at max, and overall performance is about as good as other broadwell ULV's.
What's the best place in the UK to get a new battery for a T61?
This. Seriously is buying Chinese/whatever crap worth considering?
Should I buy a Libreboot X200?
Thanks. 8GB is fine for me though I'm pretty sure there are 16GB modules on the market now, and I don't need to do super heavy work on it since I have my rig at home for those things. What I'm looking for is a laptop with some durability and decent battery life to take to university, that doesn't overheat or makes loud fan noise. What OS are you running?
Batteries have since the olden days been one of those things you shouldn't cheap out on. Don't expect to get what is advertised if you do.
Hi /g/uys
you're triggering my captcha ptsd delete this
nice
I don't have one, a college of mine has the x240 almost the same laptop.Better then my T420 but it cost him about 5.5 times as much as mine did. Also there are no single stick 16GB DDR3 ram sticks for consumer products, even if you happen to find one it's made for server use and your laptop won't support it.So you're stuck to single channel 8gb.Bon-appetite.
Enjoy being overweight.But hey at least it's not a loaf of bread, m8
Looks good. Can I have some?
I'm not overweight, kekI got BMI of 22 which is perfectly fine
h-here, take the last bite
You son of a bitch, delete this immediately
What would you guys say a Thinkpad edge 11 is worth with 4gb ram and a 120gb SSD?
Nothing as far as i'm concerned, cuz it's not a real thinkpad.
Did X220 prices drop again? I've seen some go for 170€ on ebay.
But it's edgy isn't that enough?
Those are some really dull edges satan.
So, my T61 only gets 1 hour in its 9 cell battery.How fucked is the battery?
not extremely fucked but you should change it out
Nothing wrong with finding the right way, so long as you didn't lose too much money from not buying a T430s in the first place.T61 is much heavier than a T420.Get the T420, you wouldn't mind the weight with the reassurance that its tougher than ultrabooksinb4 muh aluminum macbook dropped from 7 feet and is still fine, no scratchesIt can but get it if you're desperate, the IPS X61 Tablet is loads better.Sure, that is a decent price for refurbishedThanks, will sell my T420 with those exact specs for the same amount to a lucky cuckThinkPads arent for you then.
Yeah, I was pretty lucky to find that one. Was going to get one with an HDD then buy a cheap 50 dollar SSD for it but for that and a 420 would have been 350. Also get another 2gigs of ram that would have been another 30 dollars. I assume its not a 2 and a 4 in it now, so one more 4 and Ill have 8.All that for 300. Could not pass it up. I just hope to the angels its not stuffed with old cheetos and neckbeard hair.
Digitally ImportedMuh nigga,  what station?
Trance station :3I was thinking of slapping a ThinkPad on top of a totem pole for EDC but I don't lift so I am not sure if thats a smart idea.
Anyone know where I can get a carbon like skin for a T61? Like the one in the back of  related pic
of the '4D' wraps will workif it says 3D it doesn't have the top coating/shiny finish as the 4D one, and it has more texture to itSometimes it looks better other times it does not.2D aren't the ones you want as they are just a printed design, so its obvious that it is fake.The only thing is that detailing is a pain in the ass.the 3D wraps are slightly easier to work with.My guide for itcareful, homosex intro
I don't think so.My thinkpad Yoga Ultrabook is about the same weight I believe and I don't think it is even remotely heavy. Obviously every bit of weight matters in a backpack, but if you aren't gonna carry it in your backpack I would just stop worrying about it. My x220 is light and I have a chink 9 cell battery.
Ask him what the display adapter says the monitor is and post it here. The TN model is a pretty basic boring name, but the IPS model has a longer name. If you post it here, I can tell you if it is IPS opr not.
Will lelnovo ever release a new x series tablet? I really like tablet PC's and I'd love to see a modernized version of one with modern digitizer input as good as some of the newer models like the surface and what not.
Bruh stalk ebay and miracles will come to you
So is my mSSD supposed to run this hot as my primary?
Cant do that. Its a birthday present.
Thanks anon
Did you get one of those?I wish I got two but I can bullshit on ebay that its seller refurbished rather than it was in like new condition.
it has yet to arrive, i made sure the BIOS wasn't locked and the conditions seemed good
Just one, it's holding me over while I return a fucked-up X220 and wait for a super-nice X220The T420 a pretty cool guy but the 1366x768 screen is killing me. I have it hidden in a dock connected to big monitor, mouse & keyboard, and for most tasks can't tell the performance difference between it and my monster gayming PC.I'm experimenting with Steam home streaming and for now i can "play" GTA V on the T420 reasonably well, but not perfectly yet.
Why is it so laughably difficult to sell these things?I have a T430 with a 1600x900 screen, 2.5 GHz processor, 4GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drive that I have been trying to get rid of for some time. It's in flawless condition and I keep getting offers of $300 or lower, mostly from Chinese people. Meanwhile, I helped my friend sell her mid-2012 13" Macbook Pro slightly older than the T430 with the same amount of RAM, same size hard drive, same processor and a heavily damaged 1280x800 screen. Got $550 for the fucking thing, over asking- I told the guy who bought it that someone else had already committed to the sale which was a lie, but I had a lot of interest and he voluntarily threw in an extra $50. And these computers cost about the same when new- I believe the T430 was only marginally cheaper.Are the people who buy Thinkpads better informed, cheap bastards, or a bit of both?
People who buy Thinkpads aren't stupid idiots lurking for products made by Apple.Plus:Used ThinkPads are cheap because after businesses are done with them, which is 3-4 years after they’ve been released, they flood the market.
Apple is gucci.
Thinktrap on what settings are you able to it? also im guessing you got the nvidia GPU on it.I might also try running it on mine when i get a higher capacity drive .
For the x220..How big of a deal is the IPS screen? Not interested in the tablet or the single hinge as it looks like trouble. But it tablet always comes with ips. Is IPS really worth poaching for? I just want a cheap reliable small laptop to kick around.
Argument with wife becomes heatedIn a fit of rage she throws my x200t, still connected to the charger, across the roomIt hits the mirror on our closet door, shattering itLands on the charging portDon't give a fuck about the argument, or that bitchCheck that shit, charging port is fine, screen works, everything looks and works as it shouldBail the fuck out of theretfw now typing from a coffee shopGlad I listened to you, /g/, this thing's sturdier than a brick. If it was any other machine it might as well be binned.
why were you two arguing
Apparently it's studier then your marriage.

I get where you're coming from but the sad truth is that ThinkPads like any other laptop loose value exponentially compared to Apple computers. Even though and Acer and a ThinkPad are light years apart over time they will cost the same where a Macbook will hold a good fraction of it's value for much longer.
Can't make much of a case for buying them new, I suppose. They're about 30% more than a comparable machine with similar hardware but none of the durability. Yet in 3-4 years the added durability doesn't seem to count for shit. In effect, the Macbook Pro ironically ends up being the machine with the lower TCO- it doesn't even matter if you can't upgrade it, just treat it well for two years and then sell it at 70% of the original purchase price.
That's why I stick to used ThinkPads, buy them used for 30% of the cost of a Macbook and in 2 years just get a another used ThinkPad. You get all the benefits of a ThinkPad and you don't have to worry about resell value or saving up over $1000 for a new laptop
tfw single 16GB ram
What currency is that?
Does this x220 come with x220, how can you tell from the lenovo look up menu
ips i mean
Dogs.
if I wanted a T420 with the absolute maximum amount of battery life, how much would that cost?I'm talking 9 cell main, 9 cell slice, whateverthefuck in the ultrabayand how long would that run under full load with a quad core and NVS?
nope, its just a TN panel
Not that guy, but...EDM represent. Dark D&B is best station, but trance/vocal trance is great when I'm  in the mood.
Once you use one, you'll never want anything else. Rumor is the x220 TN panels are shit and the IPS panels are sometimes plagued with hot spots.Even so, it along with the T420 are the most recommended models on /tpg/.
If I have an X220 with a TN panel, can I just buy an IPS panel and swap it in easily, or is there more effort required beyond taking the TN out and putting the IPS in?
I get paid $1000 every week, so spending that kind of money on a new laptop doesn't really bother me. I just hate the feeling of getting hosed. Interestingly, I was just talking to another friend who bought a Y510p back in November of 2013 on a "fire sale" for about $1000. He decided that he no longer wanted it and managed to sell it... for $950. So it only cost him $50 to use the computer over the course of 18 months. I suspect that the idiot he sold it to some "white guy" buying it for his son was wooed by the red backlit keyboard and the DUAL GRAFIX.
class="quote"r9ey7w2SEC 12.5HD TNTNI'm sorry anon, it's just TN panel. But if an end-user did the panel swap, this could be outdated so who knows.Not thinktrap but haven't tried running GTA V natively, i think it would burn through my desk. I'm receiving a Steam in-home stream from the host PC, an AMD FX-8350 and R9 290. The only worry is whether the T420 is so slow it bottlenecks video decoding, but it works goodExtremely big deal. I now get eyestrain from my other thinkpads just looking at light-colored webpages. The color and angles are outrageously cool.Unfortunately the IPS panel will have some blacklight bleed around the bottom/corner bezels, and panels manufactured in or before august 2011 are susceptible to horrible ghosting and screen persistence issues. There are three panel revisions with separate FRUs, make sure this is stamped on the part itself don't trust online listings;93P5675 - original IPS panel, bad ghosting, white spots04W3462 - 2nd revision IPS panel with ghosting resolved04W3919 - 3rd revision IPS panel with white spots ? and ghosting resolved
If I have an X220 with a TN panel, can I just buy an IPS panel and swap it in easily,Definite yes, it's a  5 minute job even being super careful. Best photo walkthrough i've found is here
Agreed, my T420 with NVS was starting heat the glass table while trying to run league.Guess i just outta get rid of my 1280x1024 19" desktop screen and buy a normal monitor.
vocal anythingYa blew it
Cool shit. Guess I know what I'm doing the next time I have cash to burn.
4GBnot 16GBcheck your priviledge
how do i download a windows 7 iso with updates included so I can reserve my windows 10 copy without having to do a bunch of updates
download win7 SP1 isoalso you'll have to update it anyway
"추가 88,000 won" means "Add $80"
get a new x220 with an i5can't run DolphinI thought I'd be able to play gamecube games?
All the driver's worked fine in Debian but the memory card still doesn't work in Windows and I had to manually install like half the drivers.
some anon had a VM with Windows and saved all the update packages.I wish I had written the notes anon didYus!fucking idk, but I think there are OEM batteries for $40, unsure for the ultrabay, off the top of my head perhaps $70?
Just finished replacing the screen on my x220T. I'm now getting a thermal sensing error. I replaced the thermal paste on the cpu and the fan works fine.Wut do?
Sketchy foreign X220 screen mod progress - Dell XPS 13 1080p IPS screens available pre-transplanted now, if you trust some guy on the internet with hundreds of your dollars.
glossyput it in the trash
says that you can tap on the trackpoint to get a left click. No matter how I tap it, I can't get it to click. How do I do this? Is this something that only works on specific models?
Just bought a used R31 for 23 bucks. How'd I do?
Enable Press-to-select in Trackpoint Properties if you're using Windows. No idea how to do it in Linux, if it's even possible.
What's the best distro for a i5 x201?
I'm looking for biggest in terms of capacity battery for my t420, do I find a good one?
Some dickhead is saying that this one is also compatible with T420, but it seems to not be? 
Also what is a good replacement with free as in freedom drivers for T420. I've now got Intel Centrino Advanced-N 6205 and it's pain in the ass to use closed driver.
Choosing distro have nothing to do with your hardware...I'm personally using Debian and I can humbly recommend it to you.

I'm looking for a thinkpad for college. Does this seem like a decent price for an x220?not set on an x220, so if you know a better buy it'd be appreciated.
So I'm looking at batteries for my X200s since the 9-cell that came with it is at around 54% original capacity. My options are: $60 hopefully genuine one after shippingclass="quote"$20 6 cell that'll get here by Thursday for freeclass="quote"$20 9 cell that'll show up some time next weekthere any particular reason I'd really need to spend roughly three times as much on the genuine battery over the third party ones?
When it comes to batteries you shouldn't be cheap. Third parties' batteries are often not meeting specifications.
should I buy this even though it has some cracks at the top?
Enable DIPM nigga.
yfw you want to get one of these bad boys
found this, I'm thinking jump, yes?
It's almost the perfect keyboard. Just that it's a rubber dome unlike the M13Can't have your ThinkPad and eat it
I can get the $1900 Carbon X1 configuration from someone on  Craigslist for $1000... Should I go for it? I mean for that price, shouldn't I just get a mac or something? Link: 
shouldn't I just get a mac or something?Most definitely.
Anyone wanting to know how to replace the screen in their X220 should watch this tutorial video:fairly simple.
I have a question, is keyboard size the same from 12" to 15" models or is it smaller on say X220 than T520? On pictures it appears the same but I want a confirmation.
For that money, buy a mac. The only good thinkpads are old, cheap ones.
good.
I made a research and it looks I'm right, 9 cell 55++ battery is the biggest one for T420.C'mon anons, I can't find anything on this topic.
I recommend buying neither. X1 is overpriced and Macs are overpriced and shit.
How experienced/crazy would I need to be to get an i5 M out of some new laptop and resolder it onto my x201t's motherboard? is it even doable? Because the heat and battery drain of the gen 1 i7 I have here is literally the only thing keeping it from being GOAT.
So im about to buy an x220, is this a good choice?
Can I put a fhd panel in my x220 for a reasonable price?
Manually doing BGA without the appropriate equipment is suicide. You'll just end up fucking the board.X220, T420/s and T/W520 all use the same keyboardDepends on what you want. Just hope it has an IPS panel though because the TN is really shit
What makes a thinkpad so special, /g/? Isn't it just a name for a Lenovo branch of laptops? I heard they are special for something but I never figured out what. Can someone tell me?
So I'm thinking I want a T500. But I have some questions for fellow /g/urus.1. Are the sandy bridge thinkpads "slow" at all, compared to most modern laptops? 2. Do they get hot?3. What kind of battery life should I be expecting with a 9 cell on one?I have an Asus Q550LF but the nvidia chip died on it so I have to send it in, and it has shit loonix hardware support because its an Optimus laptop.
What makes a thinkpad so special, /g/? Isn't it just a name for a Lenovo branch of laptops? I heard they are special for something but I never figured out what. Can someone tell me?/g/ doesn't like the Lenovo era much.  We're into the classic IBM Thinkpads.Thinkpads were the Corvettes of laptop design... sadly that era is over :-
sadly it's just another rubberdome with a pretty face. :-
Nice, what's the model name of that? Look really good
I swapped the kb from my W510 into my X220 and it fitted and works flawlessly.So I guess you can also add T/W*10 to that list.
What /g/ conveniently forgets about classic ThinkPads is the fact they were much more expensive back in the IBM days than the equivalent Dell or HP, you paid for the quality.
I remember there was a full keyboard with cherry switches on massdrop with the trackpoint thing
levono are trying to scam me?
No, it's legit
Should i get a T450? I want a long lasting laptop with good quality. The chiclet keyboard is something i can bear with, but i heard the build quality went down? Is it as bad as the autists here on /g/ make it to be or is it not that bad at all?
IBM space saver 2
I wonder why they want so much for their batteries. I think it is a scam. Almost cheaper to buy a new laptop. Buy chinese.
Do I have any reason to believe that a 4 GB stick of Ram and an 8 GB stick of ram won't play well together? I figure I'd just get an 8 GB stick of RAM and upgrade to 16 GB down the line.Also what brand to get?
Actually scratch that I'm just gonna upgrade to 8 GB.Rec for the best 2 x 4 GB ram kit? Most of the recs I find are desktop ram kits or old and discontinued.
They'll actually take any Thinkpad battery so long as the format is correct. I currently have a 70++ in my T420.
ThinkPad T23 reporting in
MY WARRANTY REPLACEMENT X220 9 CELL IS HERETHANK YOU LENOVO FOR FREE BATTERIES
nice!  I tried looking up my battery for my t420 and the battery does not qualify :\
It appears that if your battery was made by Sanyo in early 2012, it's affected.Could try and look up serials on ebay.
So i've been wanting to get a new laptop for a while now my current laptop is from 2010 so it's too dated nowSo i've been lurking /g/ more often and have been reading these Thinkpad threadsAre they actually worth it, or am i falling for some sort of /g/ meme? I'm looking at spending $300-$500 on a laptop that's fast, and maybe could even play some vidya off Steam though not that importantI mostly use it at home, but do sometimes bring it with me, so durability isn't *super* important. Basically I just want a good laptop that's fastWhich Thinkpad would you recommend for me, /g/?
www.ebay.com/itm/Dell-Precision-Laptop-M4600-15-6-LED-2-30-GHz-CORE-i7-8GB-320GB-Nvidia-1000M-/131530722403
Need advice, how many euromonies germany is a X220T worth? Seller said it survived a drop from a table but works flawlessly.
Welp, meant X200T
Thanks man, i appreciate it. Definitely looks like it would suit my needs!
100 eurobucks
Been thinking about buying a thinkpad since my current laptop is getting a bit outdated cough cough production date January 2006 and the T410 seems quite a nice choice. Anyone been using Linux on one of those? Should I get one equipped with Intel or nvidia gpu? Any problems with the wireless broadband?
Just going to give you a heads up, as an owner of a M4800 newer M4600, it's one heavy laptop so if mobility is important, look for something lighter.Battery life isn't good either but it sounds like you mainly use your current laptop plugged in.These are mobile workstations, designed to be a desktop replacement.
That's pretty much exactly what i need it for, a desktop replacement with the occassional mobility which is why i'm going with a laptop vs desktopAnd jeeze, i just checked out the M4800 on Dells website, it's $1,200! Too pricy for me. Would you recommend getting it of eBay instead of the manufacturer website?
You can get very good deals for refurbed M4800s on ebay:double what you want to pay though.
I have one with the bigger, 9-cell battery and I don't think it's too heavy.
I found a couple T420 models on eBay for less than $150. That model is an optimus laptop, with an nvidia chip and Intel HD 3000. How is the Linux support on it? I know if bumblebee but is the graphics switching as easy as windows on it? Does it have worse battery life on Loonix?
Usually i get slightly better run time on wangblows 7 then on ubongo.  Both optimized.  Still you can just disable the nvs via bios and open only when needed.
So do you think that model is worth it for $150 or less? How's your battery life on ubonka? Is it a relatively snappy laptop?I'm looking to replace my Asus with a dual core i7 because I absolutely hate the touchpad and the keyboard. Not to mention 16:9 is just awful and loonix support is utterly nonexistent
Why no Iris Graphics on ThinkPads???
not that guy, but what do you expect from a ~$150 laptop? You're not going to be disappointed if you have realistic hopes.
Well thats eBay price. Retail they're ~$280. I'm just asking someone who has used it, is it relatively snappy despite its age, seeing as its an i5-2520m.
What is the best messenger bag for the x220 tablet ?
Thanks for the help man, i appreciate it. I guess ebay is the way to go then instead of buying it new
Is Amazon a good place to get replacement batteries or can I get there cheaper somewhere else?
Just get something that has an interior or pocket with dimensions that exceed the dimensions of the laptop.You're going to need a space that meets or exceeds these dimensions:12.5" W x 8.5" D x 1.75" HI personally use a Rapid Dominance R31 messenger when I'm not using my GoRuck GR1 pack.This is the R31: pic related.
Is my thinkpad screen fucked or it's the cable loose?I managed to do this while it was in my backpack.
what is bigger in terms of capacity and fits better for T420: 70++ or 55++ ?
Thanks anon.
Look at the Wh rating of the batteries.The 70++ provides 94 Wh
I have a T430s with a WWAN cardIs it possible to swap it with a mSATA SSD?I'm getting mixed signals from Google.
Yes
jfc
4 poundsheavyAre the reviewers malnourished Malians?
How can I clean my sweaty t420?
Why
I was considering putting an Apple sticker on my T420 that runs OS X, but I don't think it would look good.
why what, champ?
PCIe != mSATA
I'm fucking out. c'yea faggots!
Hey guys, just need a good, durable laptop to internet, watch videos, and play the odd bit of mount and Blade. Is this a decent buy?
wondering also
Anyone know a good case for a t440? Looking for something light that would protect it in a rucksack. Just bought one for £330 with 8gb ram and a 1tb harddrive, then installed a 128gb ssd, it's really fast.Also, are t440 users welcome here? I don't know if it's a pleb thinkpad with the different trackpad.Really like the fingerprint logon, it's very handy.[/blog]
 Different trackpad  Doesn't bother changing out for new trackpadtop kek
Be careful, this can have major downsides later down the line when the meme stops being funny.,,
corvettesnot the bmw e seriesEh, they took some of the toughness out of it so it can be classified as an UltrabookBuild quality declined after the T30, I've yet to get one but it's probably not that bad, better than the E series for sure.Shouldn't make a difference, I've gotten 3GB machines that run fineWhat's the laptop though?Sanyohave gotten 7 of them from recycler jobProbably aren't affected but Ghana try anywaysI think you need a program though.Much better than a T410 i5 that's for damn sure.
Probably the cable.Was the black bios screen green?If so, then yes, it needs to be reseated.
I'm gonna get my first ThinkPad soon and it's probably gonna be an x220. What x220 configurations should I look out for and which should I avoid?
i own a t440sits alright, but its better than any other ultrabooks on the market
What's the fucking difference between T440, T440s and T440p? Did they go full chink mode and gimp one of those to have shittier materials or something?
t440 is the cheapest ift440s is the thin one and has an optional touch screemt440p is the balls to the walls version with a super high res display and shit ton of features
well, they removed the ThinkLight ,UltraBayfrom relasing two latches to removing the back cover and a screw to remove the ODD, ExpressCardno eGPU nor expansion cards and the TrackPoint buttonsfixed in T450 series
I worked on a Lenovo 505 this weekend.  How do the chiclets on Lenovo products compare to the chiclets on the newer Thinkpads?  Newest model I have owned is a T60 with Real Keys®.Stupid 505 has a small keyboard and still they cram a keypad.  Typing off center all weekend.
Who is Yea Faggots?
Lenovo != ThinkPad. Even if the latter belongs to the same company.
thinkpad x200 or x220 or new used by the smartest people!
Did you not read my post & title of my picture?  I'm asking how Lenovo chiclets compare to Thinkpad chiclets.
other then keyboard layout they aren't much different, slight less travel but its minimal.Great keyboard feel died with the A31p, that was 13 years ago.No, the T440p doesn't come with an IPS screen...think the S model might but I could be wrong...X220i is just a celeron modelTry to get the IPS/Outdoor screen modelUhm... idk get an i7 if u want power and much less battery life.
OK thanks.  The chiclets felt better than the chiclets on MacBooks.  I wanted to know in case I ever come across a good deal with one of the newer ones.
Why does my x200's CPU go down from 2.4Ghz to 1.6Ghz out of the blue?
does your x200 also suffers from wifi connect/disconnect issues too?
Every now and then, yes. I fix it by switching the adapter off and on again.Running xubuntu in case you are wondering.
That's is how i fixed my wifi issue... kind of annoying I want to find a permanent fix for this.
what do you guys think about elitebooks?
i don't about them i only think about thinkpads.
Where can I get IPS screen replacements for my x220 Tablet? Not getting anything on ebay.
what model thinkpad can play oldish games like fallout 3 and can do basic video editing that is under $400-500 Thanks
Guess you could try getting a rather well specc'd W520 or a T430 with NVS.
How heavy are the t420's? I'm thinking of picking one up for a college laptop and wouldn't want something unwieldy.
Should be around 1.8KG's, as a basic config. With an ultrabay battery which is pretty useful it might go up to 2kg.Personally i use the basic T420 and it's significantly more think then the slim one.
In that case should I be looking at the x220's? All I'd be using it for is playing around on different linux distros and note taking. Am I missing anything by going thinner?
Get a x220 instead. Light as fuck and works beautifully as a college laptop.Or if you're up for it, you can go for the x220T. Replace all of your books with pirated online copies, and do all of your note taking with the tablet works quite well. I do the latter, and all I need to carry around is a 1.8kg laptop with a small folder to carry extra paper. All fits neatly in a 10x12x4 messenger bag.
Yup.There are two other of my buds that use thinkpads, one is a think guru with a T410s and the other is somewhat of a normie with a x220.Both are great in terms of weight but if you can make do without the extra inch and a half of screen it will be great. Just get the x220 with the IPS panel for fucks sake.
Only thing you really loose is a dvd drive and a potentially higher res screen. X220 is 1.3kg I think
Thanks guys your awesome. Probably going to look into the tablet and see if I can find one for an alright price, if nothings coming up gonna grab just the x220 instead.
Right now is actually the perfect time to get an x220T off of ebay. Seems like a bunch of companies are unloading leased laptops at reduced prices.Depending on the quality, it looks like you could grab one between 150-250.
Btw, one thing to look out for with the x220t, make sure it has a multi-touch panel. Multi-touch panels are the only ones with an IPS screen which is way better than the alternative.
So I recently purchased a t420 and have been pleased with its performance.  But I've encountered an issue when charging the battery.  When I connect the charger, the battery will not begin charging until I take the battery out and put it back in.Any idea what might be causing this?
Is this a good deal?
Is a Lenovo ThinkPad X120e for $150 a good deal? or are these shit?
Pomf.se is shutting down this week. Announcement to follow on Pomf.se later, no information yet when.00:06:41          @neku | I kinda feel bad but also feels like a lot of pressure has been lifted00:08:20 +WubTheCaptain | What do you mean?00:09:24          @neku | I mean I feel bad about not having thousands of dollars to keep things alive, but it feels pretty good to finally be able to put it to a rest and not having to worry about it each and every day----01:18:27         wesley | can I buy pomf neku01:18:32         wesley | i'll maintain it01:18:47          +neku | already got an offer of 50,000SEK ~5,000EUR----01:19:10          +neku | however will not be selling it since they will turn it to shitArchiveTeam is rescuing files at the moment.
giving €5k for an open-source projector is it just the domain and current files database as is?
So the reason why Pomf.se is shutting down is that neku has no money to upkeep the bandwidth costs and CloudFlare kicked him out for malware distribution.He's not selling it.
He's not selling it.and where do I say otherwise in my post?
He rejected the offer completely.
alright you lack some reading comprehension. my original post was about the offer, it had nothing to do if he accepted or rejected it.
FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Pic related: Pomf.se in ArchiveTeam's upcoming projects.[1][1]: 
What channel was this in?
#/g/hostingtalk and #/g/partyvan
finally

Shit, its over
what kind of retard doesn't have their own personal meme domain for this shit at this pointa5.tfjew.yts0biet.menigge.rs
FUCK WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO USE NOWNEKU YOU FAGGOT
It is sad but such is the fate of any non commercial project that is too successful for its own good. Server costs skyrocket and quickly become a financial liability to its owner.moot's achievement with 4chan is truly amazing but even he in the end had to face reality and introduce revenue streams.
he could make pomf.se what uguu.se, only temporary files.Storage probably costs him more than hosting the website.
Actually it's the bandwidth, 188 TB monthly traffic costs about 650 EUR/month. There's 4 TB free space on Pomf.se.Uguu.se will stay up as far as I've understood it, only Pomf.se is shutting down.
Good riddance to be honest.Any site that disseminates malware like that ought to get rekt.If you can't employ some basic scheme to make sure your site isn't used to infect other computers, then you deserve it.Nothing of value was lost. I am not the least bit sad.
wesley is amazing
What will happen to uguu? And is there any possibility of a pomf spinoff for webms?In any case, we're proud of you, neku.
why would anyone want to archive that
It wouldn't matter if people didn't write and run shitty bugfilled software or execute arbitrary files like fuckwits. But sure, all websites everywhere should cater to the lowest common denominator.
I am so glad this pathetic shithole of a website is gone.You have no idea how many pieces of malware i come across that are harmless .exe files but download their payload from pomf.se This will break so many pieces of malware, i am super happy about this. The internet became a little safer!
Run your own clone.[1] No word on uguu.se but I guess that's going to stay up because it really only costs 5 EUR/month so far to do so.[1]: 
hi wesley
The thing is that a simple captcha before accessing the file would have stopped it.If you need a user to enter a captcha, it can't be used by malware to store it's payload.
Don't blame others for being a retard yourself and installing malware in your computer.
Binaries aren't harmless if they're malware.Nice samefagging too.
Where's the irc channel?
Well, this is profoundly sad.
pls add captcha plsplsplsFucking cancer.
I bet if this was done, the site would have stayed online. Having a rogue filehoster like pomf.se is just inviting the worst people in town.
This is why I hoard.The only safe data is the one stored by me.
A binary can pass any malware scan, as long as it does not contain the infectious payload.You have a simple file that when executed, downloads the payload from pomf.se.I have seen this too many times.
but anon that kills hotlinking.
rogue filehoster
Probably the one and only site that hosted 4chan content that wasnt killed by rampant cp
exactly. Hotlinking has been the cancer of the web since it's invention. If you can afford unlimited bandwidth, sure, go ahead. But clearly, pomf.se can't. So they fucked up.
Damn shame.
definitely classified as a rogue filehoster. Everyone can upload anything and hotlink it across the web, without protecting the users. This is any hackers dream come true. No longer do i need a specific server that is under my control to host my malware. Upload it here, good to go.
What server? Not rizon, freenode, or installgentoo?
I bet if this was done, the site would have stayed online.It would have shut down because nobody used it.
Oh well. Now it shut down either way :^Just a simple check before accessing the file would have done wonders.
This will force me to register an account in Minus just to host my mascots. I hope some other anon takes over or makes a viable clone.
You have no idea how many pieces of malware i come across that are harmless .exe files but download their payload from pomf.selink/name at least one
pretty much any steam account stealer in the last year. Like the Razer Comms spoof.
buy a domain, get a $4/year vps and host it yourself
This is what happens when things get too big to support themselves.That's why I mostly use obscure and underground services and try to avoid spreading it on mainstream websites like /g/.

nice
RIP in peace
pay, me, with money?yeah fuck that.
It's happening.

It was a nice while it lasted.
pomf was really useful for anime videos like opening animations, because they are nuked from orbit on YouTube.
good riddance
Uguu.se still lacks cute anime grills. I refuse to use it until this situation is rectified.
I'll definitely be grabbing the github files that's for sure. RIP Neku and Pomf.
And with that, the era of webms comes to a close.
You pic is very pretty, OP.
File hosting should be decentralized anyway. Pomf was way too big for its own good.
This web page at uguu.se has been reported as an attack page and has been blocked based on your security preferences.delet this... or else...
this just in... /mu/tracker shutting down
RIPThank you neku for everything

FUCK JUST PASS IT ONTO ANOTHER /g/ENT
RIP Pomf and neku.Thanks for everything, I will miss you.
Running Pomf also causes a lot of stress which I don’t want to deal with anymore, worrying about Pomf every single day is something I will be happy to not have to deal with.I can relate
rip pomfnobody use teknik.io instead
harmless .exe
wesley is a fucking idiot.He kept pushing money at someone who clearly isn't going to part with the domain or the files for money.If that doesn't scream retarded or fucking stupid then fuck off.
wub's stupid IRC
Uguu.seYep, another rogue file host.At least chromium prevented me from accessing it, which is nice.
they could have prevented this.just add in some fucking AV to file uploads.
Uguu.seYep, it sure is a malware ridden shithole. Stay away from this or risk being infected by Cryptolocker :^

I never understood how can you steal a credit card over the internet. Is it like a virtual account or  just the password or something?Am i living in the past?
Yep, you're living in the past. Might as well log off the internet for good gramps!
rip pomf. ty for the great time neku.
good thing there are other hosting sites
Think about it. Without nekunekus and more importantly the free software behind Pomf.se, there'd be no other good file sharing services available right now.You would be using Mega, MediaFire or whatever pleb host you use.
Reminder that the real reason pomf is going down is because Neku was being lax with people using it for CP and someone reported him for it. He's trying to save his own ass.
What the fuck am I supposed to use as an alternative? Fuck this. I'm fucking mad but I'll post a Chen anyway, thanks for everything neku.
there'd be no other good file sharing services available right now.Because pomf was really good, right?more importantly the free software behind Pomf.sePretty sure he's leaving the github up. Also, why is it important?
honk
imgrush.comimg.loveisover.memaxfile.ro1338.cf dead?a5.tftfwno.space temporarily shutdown
What the fuck am I supposed to use as an alternative?Your own service
Rip : thanks for everything neku
Before Ompldr, now pomf. This type of convenience just costs a fuck load of money.
i wonder who manages the loveisover.me page.
You don't know Blade? Who doesn't know Blade?
HOST YOUR OWN AT HOMELET'S BRING DECENTRALIZED INTERNET BACKNONE OF THAT CLOUDFLARE SHIT OR LOG IN THROUGH FACEBOOK
how the fuck do I host my own
Windowsfag problems?
Owner messed up.He should have made file limits like 2mb for images, 4mb for webm/mp4, and added a captcha.

That's just a more permanent version of 4chan, what would be the point of that?People use pomf to upload bigger shit than 4chan allows.
more like idiotfag problems. I dont know where to start
Some of these sound like those lame chink filehosts that were prolific back last decade.
but 4chins doesnt allow hotlinking and the files die after a day or two
imagine trying to link people something and they will automatically think its some kind of russian malware site because noone knows about it
what the fuck?
I knew POMF wouldn't last long.Unlimited direct hosting for files upto 50MB, that's an ass load of bandwidth. There's a reason no other site does this.
not just getting a VPS and hosting your own files
It was good while it lasted.
WubTheCaptain pets nekuok fuck these faggots, I no longer care about their stupid problems
how do
LET'S BRING DECENTRALIZED INTERNET BACKMagnet links, anon. You can implement bittorrent in Javascript so you could easily write an extension to download and auto-embed images/videos from magnet links on 4chan. Possibly with short-term partial reseeding of any magnet links it encounters, to help keep links online when their poster disappears like how old file sharing clients cached blocks randomly.We'd just need a site like uguu.se that seeded a torrent for 24 hours instead of hosting it directly.Actually, it astounds me that malware loaders don't just torrent their payload off of infected hosts, using a shitty seedbox to bootstrap.
Such is the fate of those who host files without paying their dues to the antivirus cabal. This wouldn't have happened if you'd paid to have "Server-side antivirus powered by VirusTotal" plastered on your homepage.
The main problem with magnet links and decentralization in general is the high latency.
where upload webm now??
Maybe we need a replacement that doesn't allow executables and probably archive files to be uploaded.
IPFSPFS
I've contacted neku of pomf.se  that all downloads can be safely rehosted at the Internet Archive, for good. I can also at least generate static HTML redirects to the Internet Archive, to ensure that no links die, since he seems to be keeping the domain for email.Still waiting for a reply though. Which IRC does he usually lurk on? obviously Pomf.se, but others?
Hello,Unfortunately, as of this time, the main portions of goo.im have been disabled. Due to a finance issue, our CDN account has been suspended, and all files stored on it are effectively non-accessible. Due to some RL issues on myAlexander's part, once goo started actively losing money 6 months ago, I had changed jobs a bit to help support goo. Unfortunately, this wasn't enough combined with some other issues that crept up on me. Due to this, I'm formally shutting down Goo. There is an offer in to take over the files and hosting from a generous sponsor, however, until the financial issues are sorted out, they are unable to adsorb Goo. It's been my pleasure to serve files for you all for the past couple of years, and I wish everyone good luck into the future.-- Snipa/Alexander BlairIf you have picked up a sponor account within the last two months, please reach out to us if you'd like a refund. It may take some time, but we'll do our best to get these processed and sent out. -- Thanks for everyone who's supported us over the years.
pushes hundreds of TB for freegets suprised to get the boot
HDD or SSD?
the cloud
I trust my HDD's more so I keep the good stuff on them
I have 15 of these in my home server
Forgot pic
Jesus christ I can't stop laughing. Why do need so much storage, are you the entire NSA?
Excuse me, why aren't those drives in  RAID?
He would lose everything if one failed
/g/ is fuckeddo you know what the R stands for in RAID?
Encrypted Tera/Veracrypt drive.
FDD
Probably 'cause Windows RAID sucks unless you buy the enterprise RAID controllers. And he just had to use Windows... somehow.
Depends on which RAID you're using. I don't recall the exact configs but only one or two setups come with actual redundancy.
All RAID methods except RAID0 support redundancy you fucking retardDon't talk about shit you do not understand.
Only one typical one comes *without* redundancy, and it's RAID 0.JBOD isn't technically really RAID.
2017-2saving pornWhat are you afraid of? A porn penury?
Cloud :^
/thread
lol what a wanker
I save every porn picture and video I've ever come across
Lel. This tiny bit of storage doesn't even let you save the "best-of".
Why'd you hide your porn? Let the people laugh while they fap when they search through your garbage after your death. If you really don't want to share your porn, you capitalist swine, just use encryption and store it wherever you like.
Oh fuck. I forgot I had porn on my computer. Time to do a quick wipe.
saving pr0neverything is on the web
As I am a man of simple tastes and legal ones I have a folder named Porn on one of my drives with a few scenes of chicks masturbating in a HDD with no encryption.It already is a waste of space why wouyld you need to put it in an SSD or worst... encrypt it?
I don't understand why people download porn. Yeah, I'm sure some of the better stuff needs to be downloaded, but can't you deal with what's online to stream? Seems like a lot of work when there are so many free high quality videos online.
yes only 500
tfw forgot to back up my lel.txt when I last reformattedmight as well just kill myself i guess
Get ZFS and RaidZ3 you casuals.
Not him, but I like to watch my porn in the highest quality possible.Name me one online streaming site that lets me watch porn at 1080p and 60FPS for free.
Because wizards tend to feel attached to their favorite porn stars. They need to know that they'll be able to see them in a moments notice and so they download every second of them that they can find.
goddamn retard. just hang yourself in your closet already loserass.
needing to hide your smutdo you live with your parents and not have your own computer or something
people think its a bad idea to save porn.Save your favorites. Reason being with copyright laws all fucked up videos get pulled all the time. Also the girl who was in the video could scream rape at any time and send an army of lawyers to take down any related videos.There are many good reasons. Also does anyone know a good encryption for USB?
RAIDi never understood how a RAID setup without the same amount of hdd for redundancy like the amount for saving can be safe.for example like 2 hdd for storage and 1 for redundancy. the 1 can impossibly hold the data of the 2 so how can it even be called redundant?
Internet has more porn than you could view in a thousand lifetimes.saving porn to disc.
what are you?12?who need to hide porn, keep it on your desktopalso who even downloads porn, online shit is where it's at
This.
literally 99.5% of all the porn doesn't cater to my needs normal non-fetish non-abuse male on female or female or female sex so I just save the best shit to my drive.Also there's very little freely available JAV on the internet, have to get it all from junkies.
What a jerk
First rule of the internet: If you like it, save it, because that shit won't be there tomorrow.
You must be really a tech illiterate if you can't see why someone would prefer seeing stuff locally instead of in some shitty web player, plus its a lot easier to organize shit and you don't risk losing a specific video because it vanished from the internet, also instant loading time.
This
I understand saving your certain videos, but to have multiple drives full of porn? Honestly I just like following the thumbnails because I end up watching around 10 videos before settling on one to make yogurt to.
I have 1.2TB of porn saved and its just "certain videos".
I like you.
Oh my gawd, we have a winner!!!
I need to save porn before I get cucked by the British government
Keyword: hide
You can hide anything in the cloud with encryption.If you throw files inside of a Truecrypt Container before you throw them on Google Drive, with a very strong passphrase, they're hidden.
Raid can be run just fine at the BIOS level
I'm just going to rename all my drives to porn now
yep some videos get lost with time and is forever gone.I regret saving some videos or atleast gotten the name of some of the actress I fapped to.
Good thing I masturbate to 2D drawings of chinese caricatures. My case wouldn't handle it.
So how much fun is it renaming your hard drives and taking a screencap?
my drives when I do this tooI need to choose names for the drives on the computer I'm building
wait, they have digital porn now?
how do niggers not understand the point of saving porn?higher quality, and alot of shit you can't find on normie shitty streaming sites
How the fuck do you guys have drives that filled from one character? Are you saving every single H image drawn of said character?
sysadmin?
50GB truecrypt file disguised as a blu-ray movieon that note, anyone know of a way to have a truecrypt drive in the form of multiple files? If anyone takes a look at the filesize of mine it's obvious what it is.
Whatever lewd things they have isn't correlated with their names.Nah.
My guess is that they are named more like you would name a pet or a child, rather than a label of their contents.
those fags who don't save their pornmfw the internet goes down and porn becomes more valuable than oil
\things\don't click\cp\cp
i can always use my imagination!:^
just say its a game iso
shitty web player$ mpv client everytime. you just gotta sanitize your .bash_history lol
ill just open up a strip club. Ill make millions
there are no strip clubs for 2D brown elves, anon
export HISTCONTROL=ignorespaceThen start every command you don't want stored with a space.  You're welcome, bro.
The cloudLetting NSA into your CP folders willinglyGud goy.
FUCKING XOR YOU FUCKWIT
even a good client would like shit with a shit encode

upgrade your motherboardyou are now fucked
HSD
what a wanker
saving pornthese plebs will never know the thrill of searching forever to find that one perfect video
literally 99.5% of all the porn doesn't cater to my needs normal non-fetish non-abuse male on female or female or female sexthat's a really strange way to spell "i can only get off to horrifying torture porn so i have to collect everything i find because you never know when the laws will change or it'll get reported and taken down"
these plebs will never know the thrill of searching forever to find that one perfect videowhy the fuck would you not save that video once you found itniche porn is volatile as fuck, there's several videos that are just gone forever because all the links are to sites that died during the DMCA wars.
why wouldn't you save it?Because it loses its perfection once I've fapped to it
So...People here actually save "illegal" stuff? That's kinda spooky.
I've fapped to Take on Me at least 10 times.
Because it loses its perfection once I've fapped to itSo you only fap to a video once?What about h-doujinshi and h-anime?
I've fapped to Take on Me
He doesnt know
take on me hentaitake on me: the porn version
oh no, its MUCH worseMMMMMMMUUUUUUCCCCCHHHHH worse
I save hentai on my HDD but the vast majority of the porn I look at is on my phone since I prefer jacking it in the bathroom

Uhhh
white people
the fuck
ARISTOCRATS!
Squirting and facesitting is illegal in Britain. Porn involving mature women with small breasts is illegal in Australia. Animated lolicon is illegal in US. In some muslim countries porn is illegal alltogether.
Porn involving mature women with small breasts is illegal in Australiawhat a fucking shithole
dban saved my life
hideWhy contain it?
Why would I need to hide my porn?
they kept my pc though
BEEG
wanting 1080p 60fps pornofucking disgusting
porn videos are never removed for copyright infringementthe original porn video poster never deletes the videor u daft
AMERICAN
He could just do Raid 1 if he doesn't care about performance and make it near impossible to lose but the other idiot suggesting Raid as backup is a moron

Squirting and facesitting is illegal in Britaininbreeding sure is a hell of a thing
I don't understand why poeple buy and store food.  Yeah, I'm sure some of the better stuff needs to be bought, but can't you deal with what's in the garbage to forage?  Seems like a lot of work when there is so much good food in trash bins.
well there's a bit of a difference between needing to eat unspoiled food to live and needing to spend five minutes rubbing your cock once a week not to be distracted by random bonersinb4 hurr durr five minutes once a weekthat's all you actually need; the rest is indulgence, habit, and addiction
hiding itNot necessary.I use HDDs on my server. A WD red and green in btrfs raid.

Inside the drawer.
Enjoy your bit rot or fucked up parity you fucking nigger
Are you retarded or just trolling?There's a write hole with RAID 5, but that's also with RAID 1.can be fixed with a backup battery/UPS.
I didn't save these hot Saori Hara videos when I first found themcan't find them anywhere now
I don't even know what the fuck to do man.I have two WD blacks, each is 1 TB and they're ALREADY MTOHERFUCKING FULL.I'what do I even back shit up with? WD reds suck ass, there was a thread on /g/ about those drives and apparently they're no different from greens and my experience with those is bad on seagate level of badnesswhat do I do? do i get wd green and only turn it on when I need to back up shit once a month?
curryI assume those are all fakes?
really? indians aren't chinese you fucking gook
You do what every IT department does with their data, and RAID.
raidbut i'm not a server, i'm a human being with the pc case next to me
Yes, and...?Did you think RAID was some server-only thing?
So am I. My system has two RAID sets and zero stand-alone drives. What's your point?
enjoy irrelevant noise for irrelevant purpose
what do I even back shit up with?PROTIP: hardware.fr has been publishing returns rates for various products owned from 6 to 12 months for years now. The 12th report data is shown below:data:- Seagate 0.68% against 0.69%- Western 1.09% against 0.93%- HGST 1.16% against 1.01%- Toshiba 1.34% against 1.29%Five worst drives:- 4.58% WD Red WD60EFRX- 3.40% Toshiba 3TB DT01ACA300- 2.93% WD Green 4 TB WD40EZRX- 2.78% SE WD 3TB WD3000F9YZ- 2.14% Hitachi Ultrastar 1TB A7K20002 TB drives:- 2.03% Seagate SSHD ST2000DX001- 1.55% Toshiba DT01ACA200- 1.39% WD Green WD20EZRX- 1.34% WD SE WD2000F9YZ- 0.92% Seagate NAS HDD ST2000VN000- 0.92% Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 ST2000DM001- 0.83% WD Red WD20EFRX- 0.61% WD RE WD2000FYYZ- 0.38% Black WD WD2003FZEX- 0.32% Seagate Surveillance ST2000VX0007- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Value ST2000NC001- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Capacity ST2000NM0033- 0.00% WD AV-GP WD20EURX3 TB drives:- 3.40% Toshiba DT01ACA300- 2.78% WD SE WD3000F9YZ- 1.49% WD Red WD30EFRX- 1.36% Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 ST3000DM001- 1.31% Seagate Surveillance ST3000VX000- 1.30% WD Green WD30EZRX- 1.18% Seagate NAS HDD ST3000VN000- 0.00% Seagate Enterprise Value ST3000NC0024 TB drives:- 2.93% WD Green WD40EZRX- 1.45% WD Red WD40EFRX- 1.18% WD Black WD4003FZEX- 1.08% Seagate NAS HDD ST4000VN000- 1.08% Seagate SSHD ST4000DX001 /- 0.80% Seagate Desktop HDD.15 ST4000DM000- 0.50% HGST Deskstar 7K4000 H3IK40003272SE- 0.00% 0S03665 HGST Deskstar NAS- 0.00% Seagate Constellation ES ST4000NM0033P.S. Reminder Backblaze is shit.
redundant =/= irrelevantAlso, one of the sets is made of SSDs and the other is still too quiet to notice.
irrelevant purposeBecause protecting data against HDD failure is irrelevant?Because increased read speeds are irrelevant?
WD failure rate higher than Seagateshow this to my 3 previous Barracuda's.
 where to hide your pornSorry OP, you have to 18 and older to post here.
you're telling me a fuck ton of noise + merging two hard drives into one and you don't get more storage out of it is worth it?
Put your porn in your software installer directory. Nobody will open that shit. I put mine in a directory called "CS 1.6 Maps".
PROTIP: Certain drive models are shit.9.70% Seagate Barracuda XT 3 TB- 8.94% Hitachi Deskstar 7K3000 1.5 TB- 7.53% Seagate Barracuda XT 2 TB- 7.30% Hitachi Deskstar 7K2000 2 TB- 5.78% Western Digital RE4-GP 2 TB- 5.33% Western Digital Caviar Green 3 TB
Son, if your drives are making a fuck ton of noise, you need new drives, because yours are about to die. If you think the only thing that matters is size, you've never dealt with hardware failure. And if you think the only thing RAID can do is copy one drive to a second one, you don't know what RAID is.
OP hereGod fucking dammit guys this was sopposed to be a hard drive thread
When your internet goes down, and you really need to fap, you'll regret not keeping a wankbank.
When I was still young and stuck with a family computer, I RARed mine, changed the file extension to three random letters, and stuck it in the same folder as my printer drivers.
a fuck ton of noiseIt's practically nothing, I don't what shithole you must live in to experience such shit HDD quality.and you don't get more storage out of itYes, that's the "redundancy" part of RAID. When your HDDs fail and they will fail, you can just pop a new drive in, rebuild, and you're good to go.is worth itYou missed the part where you're insured against HDD failures number of failures depending on configuration, along with the speed boosts.
Plus 4TB on my server. All these are full now.
ur english is shit and u think hard drive is made specifically for x countrylmkaoo kill urself worthless monkey
Took too long to uncompress.
I didn't necessarily stick all of it in the same archive.
hiding your porn
No, I mean the selection is shit for where you live.
Whats the command to display all this?
It sucks that I don't have an impressive porn collection. All my stuff is either hentai, which is very small, or niche live action, which is very rare. The stuff I have a lot of doesn't take up much room and I don't have a lot of the stuff that takes up a lot of room.
Remember that most of /g/ still lives with their parents.df -Th
niche live actionD-do you collect live action tentacle/vore JAVs too?
thanks
C:\Users\User\Documents\Dark Recesses of the Computer
Underrated post
average_g_user.jpg
How do i stop hogging porn?I ran out of space and i dont want to buy a new hd...
Reencode it with H265, get 40 percent of your space back.
Why dont more people think more lie this?
Terrible analogy but a good kek
Dumbass nigga not knowing you can Google passwords for member websites and stream from there
Or you know, you could be a normal fucking person and use the two other options available: 1 Use your imagination or relive a past experience with an actual female while masturbating 2 Use one of your prospects you've hopefully been cultivating for such a timeBut, alas, this is /g/, where lazy sods congregate and moan about things because they cannot fill any of their time with a little pleasure with another living human being.Protip: sex is healthy; men need a woman's touch every once in a whileUsing "but women are degenerate" means you should go back to /pol/There are decent women in the world, you just have to work for it just like you work hard to learn how to master pressing 4-7 buttons in League of Legends or configuring your Gentoo install and getting your hotkeys all bound.
tfw every good looking girl is married or getting married soontfw every single girl is a momonly girl I know thats neither is a 4'8" fkat chested Asian that looks like she should be in grade schooltfw not into loli, 2D or 3DI'm  only 26, I guess I can creep on college girls if I ever tun into any.
Holy shit I thought it was just me. I've been laughing for three minutes at this dude's freaking database of porn
Why are 3TB drives so bad?
only girl I know thats neither is a 4'8" fkat chested Asian that looks like she should be in grade schoolHook me up dude.
Maybe he's into the type of porn that's highly illegal
MIRA TODA ESA PORNOGRAFÍA
No you don't. Depending on the type of RAID, you would only loose the content that's on the disk.
downloading pornKek
not storing your pron on tape drivesloserswhy in the world would you store anything you care about on a spinning hard drive.
2011hiding porn
hideStop living with your parents, kid.

Please tell me you have 3TB of Miuna Shiodome.Actually, no, you disgusting piece of shit. Miuna is to praise and pat on the head, not to jerk to, you dolicon.
you're the dumbass, they're going to ban your IP for that
Be a normal personWhere do you think you are? Fucking summerfags.
animessThe plural is still anime, mate.
I use a collection of SDHC, micro SDHC & flash drives. Anything I consider "dangerous" never gets copied to any main drives. One sacrificial torrenting machine catches all potentially questionable downloads, but very little could be forensically recovered due to massive reads & writes going on at a rate of ~5 TB/month on 2x 2 TB HDDs. Over 90% of my torrenting activity is fully legit, part of my business in distributing media, mostly music."Dangerous" to me is personal data I don't want out in the wild banking, stock, gov't records, etc. also unique original content that I wish to retain copyright to. My OC originals are different resolution pix, music, some vid than any edits that get circulated, so I can always prove I have true originals should anything ever get stolen. The important legit stuff is burned to optical backup.I have some porn, but I just don't collect much anymore. I deleted most of it a few years back and some high quality stuff gets temporarily stored, but eventually deleted out as newer stuff replaces the old. Whenever I see various SD chips & flash sticks on sale I pick a few up and throw them in a drawer until needed. Often I get 3x or 4x 32 GB or 64 GB at a time when prices reach ~$10-12 per 32 GB or ~$18-20 per 64 GB. Some 128 GB devices, too. High performance models get stuff on them I can play directly off the flash mem, slow/old are used for static archive until copies are needed.Critical stuff is encrypted at least once, more than half is double-encrypted. All in, I've got ~4 TB of flash mem, sorted into an old floppy disk caddy in ziplock baggies with notes included. About a TB is on 64 GB micro SDHC chips in a baggie that won't be found by anyone who doesn't know where it is. There's an impressive hentai manga collection on it, some rare & high quality hentai anime. More of a caution since people freak out over cartoons they think is CP when it really isn't. Saving myself hassle rather than any conviction.
Not saving 1080p videos of Ai Uehara to see her squirting in 60fpsPlebeian
he doesn't save thousands of TBs of porn for day black when the net is shutdown and we're forced to barter, using digital filesyou think adobe shit is expensive now? just imagine a day when people are giving blowjobs and cherry anal for an exe
using shitty tube sites
3TBI hope they're seagate :^
not using cobalt level encryptionFilthy casuals please go.
I have over 1.3 TB of recorded chaturbate cams alone, thinking about jsut deleting half of it thoughalso starting to archive as much of pixiv possible and also grab as many doujins from exhentaimaybe I can wait it out long enough until we get 3d optical storage and have 30,000 years of porn
Reserved for PornI lost it.
needs to see capillaries on the dick so he can fap
Screw ZFS with a blow torch
greenServer

Relax MM, she's only there for the protecting of chinese cartoons. The drive isn't focused on lewd stuff.
storing your porn on another poersons computer
two usb sticks a 32gb and some folders on the phone
accessing the same illegal stuff repeatedly would be insanely more dangerous. If you're going to be involved in something illegal and access it in the first place, you might as well download it and encrypt it.
C:\Users\Me\Porn\Easy
To be fair. I don't know of many non-tube sites that do decent amateur porn.
He doesn't use ReiserFS
I only really have 40GB of rare JAVs on my HDD, blatantly in my videos folder.No need to hide it because no one uses my computer, or even sees it.
squirting and facesitting isn't illegal in britain, its illegal to create it in britain. we can watch all the foreign made squirting and facesitting we like.good job, politicians
killwifeFS:^
Probably 'cause Windows RAID sucksStorage Spaces in 8.1 work extremely well.
Lower your standards. You need to take one that is as fuckin ugly as yourself. Or you just pay a hooker.
i see so many people use RAID, wouldn't it be much better using rsync once every week?you could save the time to setup as well as the energy to run redundant drives just because you want to have a fap.
Hiding your pornKek, it's all sitting in My Documents/Downloads, the folder that Qbittorrent creates.
The cloud and if it's compromised/shut down, I have a backup on a SD chip hidden away with the contents on it encrypted
British porn is terrible either way
This. Why are Brits such ugly mooks?
Fuck streaming.
1080pPretty overkill for me, but I'm used to small resolutions.60FPSWanting 60 FPS videosThat shit just looks weird.
there's no way you have 4TB of PDFswtf man
Since none of these fags respond seriously, try eporner
It's not illegal to create it, its just illegal to sell it. You can give it out for free or sell it from a server not located in Britaintl;dr the Tories are retarded faggotsAmerifat porn is no better
I have a 4TB drive I use for porn, though it's more of an erotica  collection, as I do have plenty of 'erotic' films or just films I found fapworthy. Also a lot of hentai game files I never played.All in all it's about 1,8 TB of content, with a lot of pruning still to be done. I probably would have like 8 TB if i I didn't prune constantly as I'm trying to build a perfect sex HDD.
4TB of pornwtf dude have you been downloading and entire site full of porn?
holy mother of god
Do you fap 30 times/day or you are just a sad human being?Out of some lewd 4chan saved images I have 0 porn on my drives
Nope, been using the same tiny4k account for several months, never had an issue, same with mofos
Well if you read, it's only about 1.8 TB with about 400 GB of it being sexy films and games, so about 1.4 TB of actual pornography.Though as I said I have probably downloaded about 8 TB in my life, most of which I have to careful prune as I try to keep anything I don't like 100% out of the HDD.And if you are on Empornium, there is so much good porn it's really not hard to download hundreds of GBs in a week.
Not him but I used to pull it like 8 times a day erry day.But now I just binge watch TV series and movies and wank like 3 times a week
What? Why? Ok I sort of get squirting because it's allegedly urine but why the fuck is it illegal to sell a video of a naked woman sitting on your face?
Most likely because the women are shitting into the guys mouth
White People: The Post
I hope there in RAID, otherwise enjoy your data loss.
Equating Jews with white people
Don't. Live life. Get money. Fuck bitches.
An encrypted LUKS usb, buy one of those food saver things that take all of the air out of the bag. Get a box, something strong. Put that in a bag and take the air out of it. Dig a hole in the backyard and put it in the hole, then cover it up, but not all of the dirt should go back into it.
Also put the usb in a bag and take the air out of it.
When is the moment to dig it back up?
When they don't pay me my weekly drop.Oh wait...
 watching pornIn my experience masturbation is more enjoyable without it tbh. Just when your body truly feels like, not because you are adicted.
Seems like a lot of work when there are so many free high quality videos online.there are so many free high quality videos online.That's horseshit. Any porn site with a decent amount of content only has it in shit-tier resolution.
Those are return rates, not failure rates. Consider that an extremely large amount of technically unskilled people go straight for seagate for the low price and won't bother sorting out the warranty process when it fails. Of course people going for higher quality drives are more likely to chase up the warranty when things go south.
just like taking a dump, you can't force things out.oh, i have it in my hdd, nothing to worry about just legal stuff woodman's and some rocco siffredi stuff.  used to have sketchy stuff years ago, but one night i woke up paranoid as fuck and crushed that dvd.
not hiding it in a NAS tucked in one corner of the foundation in your basement powered from a single gigabit POE/g/ has disappointed me again
Life is simpler than we think
On my phone, it's too risky to keep all my data static.
link me good porn contains milfanime is acceptable
Why would this be illegal?
not the same guy but i believe in Britain you can only eat the shit they give you.
Thinking shit is safe on your HDD?

I have mine all on an external 1TB Harddrive, this houses all of my films and porn. I put it all in a folder that looks boring, the folder structure goes like this -  SSD Reinstallation Stuff- Programs- Winzip- resource- xom- xom. I then have all of my porn in categories of videos/pictures.
This, empornium.I got on a few months before they closed registration due to the DMCA notices or whatever.That paired with my seedbox I just bought has made getting a couple hundred gigs a week easy. I'm pretty sure I have most if not every megapack on there.
once a weekwhat a pleb
only underages fapFound the normie underage thinking he is adult, gtfo
So thought-provoking and deep.  Anyone who doesn't like it is an uncultured swine.
thinking 4TB is too muchpleb please, check this thread lot of porn overlods with 20TB
Everybody faps, faggot. Only underages and omega faggots hide it.
I never said only underaged people fap, dumbfuck. See 
wankbankKek'd
Someone post a 1080p 60fps porn webm
tfw storing all my porn in drives that are not powered onI'm scared I might lose the drives because I  have no backups
I like to watch my porn in the highest quality possible.1080p 60fps
here is all the porn i downloaded yesterday that I didn't delete
You can duplicate filesYou cant duplicate oil you dumbstruck dumbfuck nun chuck
SEAGATE SHITALZHEIMER DRIVESFRIENDS DON'T LET FRIENDS BUY SEAGATE
Its hard to duplicate files you dont have.
some guy somewhere makes copiescopies saturate the wankmarketcopies become less valuabe
There is a 2TB HDD3 which is a second boot drive
You can substitute oil with gas, bio-oil, nuclear power, carchoal, power of animals or slaves, various "renewable" power sources such as wind, sun, water stream... and I'm probably still forgetting a few.I'm not aware of existing substitute for porn.
Sex, maybe?
white dude in cornerenglish written on boardI don't like using a white guy to support authenticity but It's pretty fucking obvious that they're in a first world country also they're probably testing SLI's capabilities

She would probably tremble from embarrassment. Maybe if I smell her snd recognize her as an adukt she'll become mire appealing.Body physically can't get aroused by fat bitches. I need a healthy woman able to bare my children. It's my natural wiring and I'm happy to stick to porn if I can't get someone healthy.
Body physically can't get aroused by fat bitches. I need a healthy woman able to bare my children.This was the case back in the middle ages, when moderately chubby women were considered pretty. Nowadays the standard of beauty is proana skeletals, that aren't healthy at all.
I don't understand why you'd need to hide your porn.Do you let other people use your computer? I don't.

why aren't those drives in RAID?they could be you dumb cunt.  A raid array shows as one physical drive letter you know.confirmed for never setting up a RAID array.
OP actually has one 22TB raid array and partitions it as he sees fiteach drive letter could be a specific genrelike G for gayH for Horse E for erotic tap danceetc.At least thats how i'd do it
tfw didn't save more of Chloe Lamb's stufftfw it's almost all gone nowIt does happen
I have never seen Brit porn
i fap more than 3 times a day on "random" fetish femdom porn
I can do chubby girls, but most already have kids. I'm not dealing with that shit.
Z for _____ ?
Anon that fapped to Take on Me here, I never knew about this, but am grateful now.
Use your imaginationLIKE SOME SORT OF FUCKING SAVAGE?
I try to be environmentally conscious with my porn.
Before you delete it you should throw it on an ftp
Prove they're not? Proper RAID is just a drive to the windows.
I keep it all on a  harddrive in my tower. Is there a way to hide a drive much like you can hide folders?I dont want my fiancee to look and say "this harddrive says there is 3TB on it, but I can only find 40GB worth of minecraft/halo maps"Can I like disable it from device manager and reenable it when I want to fap? I don't want to physically open my PC to do this.
Not mapping the drive or mapping it to an obscure location will be more than enough to fool non techies.
does this mean not indexing it? When I click on My Computer all my drives show up. I'm looking for a foolproof way to hide stuff. Should I just encrypt the drive? would that be easier?
That means fucking off back to whatever board you came from, you obviously know nothing about technology.
jealous my IQ allows me to do things you cant even dream of? I spent my freetime either getting poon or studying to be a world class chemist. You probably just shatposted on a Tatarian fishing forum.
being this insecure about opinions of people about you on an anonymous imageboardActually, scratch the part about other boards, you belong on facebook, they won't let you get cyberbullied there, poor baby.
I..will go back to building my mates PC now.
no game to get a grilldont want to fuck a gross 3dpd hookerUse your imagination2015Your argument is invalid and I shall continue to save porn.It's proved to come in handy numerous times including when the internet goes out and when I want to fap to something specific.Also get the fuck out normie.
why would I hide my porn? I'm not a teenager
Zimbabweeian scat videos
, 
Alright /g/ I didn't know what board to post this on but hopefully you can help.So I just started learning html and all that and when I saw this I wanted to make a startpage that would change the background according to what time it is. Only problem is...I have no idea how to do it. If you guys could help me out that would be great.
Read the sticky and then fuck off
I didn't know what board to post this on/adv/
thanks you guys
Use javascript.
To upgrade or not to upgrade?
it's good and freethe least you can do is try it
Yea, but then how would I revert easily if I don't like it?
Why not if it is free?
I can smell the Cod fish from here.
Was just thinking about this: I'm fine with 7 on my desktop and 8 on my laptop. Guess I'll just wait till they stop updating them, or maybe when I hear 10 is stable, or something.
Remember before you upgrade that Microsoft logs and timestamps all file downloads, app/game usage, and file usage in Windows 10 and keeps the information forever. There is no way to opt out of this.When the time comes where they move to monetize this information your life is pretty much over. If you're using non-legit/botnet Windows 7 and upgrade you have a chance that you will no longer be genuine which is another reason to stay away.Just wait until someone finds a way to block the data logging. It shouldn't be too long after release.
This is done of the public preview builds, because their purpose is testing and troubleshooting, not to be used as your daily driver, you retard. It was like this at least since Vista/Longhorn previews.They're not going to log everything on the final release, just like all previous releases.
You can't.
lol yes u can u sperglord
You can't downgrade you silly nigger, you can only reinstall windows 8.1
I'm perfectly fine with windows 7  sp1
this is why linux is shit
Because you don't agree with a hippies opinion? Go an hero
So it's shit because ONE person prefers freedom over usability?
Linux is shit because of RMS's zealots. so this shitpost is somewhat true.
fuck me how autistic is rms, no wonder /g/ reveres him
What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to startclass="quote"Learning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.mdUseful tools- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentclass="quote"How I Got a Job in Web Development
Learning MVC with Node/Express. Im learning to make RESTful APIs, but I honestly dont know what I would use one for.Is there any fun applications I could use in a real world environment?
Realizing that this site has outgrown Wordpress, but simultaneously realizing that it's all the senior staff know, so it will keep being used.
web scraper in Clojure which concurrently fetches and parses ~60k sites at the moment.
trying to do a site that makes money via micropayments, so far i can only see that paypal does micropayments, who else does?
What are you using? Enlive + something like 
Cheshire, clj-tagsoup, and clj-
bump because despite my poorly chosen pic related, this was a serious question
skrill?
keep a running tab and only pull cash out monthly ala amazon. then you can pay with whatever card processor you want
sounds fucking complexI'm making a SaaS service that I would be charging probably ~2 bucks a month for.I see it more as a beer money thing than an actual full fledged business.After a some googling:stripe 2.9% + 29centspaypal normal 2.9% + 29centspaypal micropayments 5% + 5 centsbraintree 2.9% + 29cents but your first 50k is free of all chargeshonestly I was leaning towards paypal micropayments, but i highly doubt i'll ever make more than 50k, so maybe I should just go with braintree.
Im trying to make my own website from scratch with no experience, its so much funIm gonna quit my job im stuck in and go ham, especially since 2 family members run a sucessful international business in that direction, im sure they can help me out to fulfil my dreams
I've been building a 'network' of porn sites. Each site is categorically broken down by niche.It has a great search function that allows you to search by category across multiple tube-sites.Currently building out the back-end. By the end i should be able to launch a website with around 200,000 videos per category with about 10-15 minutes of configuration!Been working on this one for a while
dude seriously?that's awesome, i'm gonna go out on a limb and assume you are not american though?I've been thinking about making a porn "tube" style site, but I have no balls to deal with all the legal horseshit.However I'm starting to think there isn't as much as I have assumed there was, beyond dmca complaints.
For the purposes of copyright, is a personal resume website considered commercial or not?
I'm american, ive done some research. You're not producing shit. All the pictures are hotlinked from the tube-site CDN's anyway.That aside, i'm not hosting shit though. Just links,locations, and embed codesYou need a 2257 statement on the site.After i launched my first site i got a bunch of dmca complaints from cam models lolI just have it go into an email and manually delete the videos out of the database.Honestly, check out the big tube-sites in the webmaster section. They publish massive database dumps and have feeds for added and deleted.If you semi-know data-basing you're set.
can anyone tell me how to learn MVC
holy shit dude, that's awesomegood luck
I had been working on a Steam platform for eroge but scrapped the project last year because of all the legal hurdles I'd be facing regarding distrubtion, hosting, as well as the focus on user security to protect users being killed for lookin up meaty dick on dick action in Iran or something. Even in the U.S. alone the state laws vary on things like bestiality. The whole thing's fuckin ridiculous and would need a small army of lawyers to navigate.
select every single image"please solve more to be verified"
select all the birthday cakesi select all cakessorry, some of those cakes were designed for an occasion other than a birthday!FUCK
select all the steakthis is a steak apparently
It's the best fucking part of a T-Bone steak! Have you got no fucking idea?
select all sandwichesapparently not only are pizza vegetables but hamburgers sandwiches
It's a lamb chop...
What does /g/ think of the ZenFone 2? I got one and I'm loving it. 4gb version is fast.
Mine arrives tomorrow so idk.
 4gb or nah
what's the deal with these? I always see threads about them but never bothered/cared enough to look into it.
Best smartphone for it's money.
go away asusquit shilling your phone on /g/
Is the 2GB worth it or is it 4GB or bust?
specs are off the meter for the price$199 modelIntel Atom Z3560 1.8 GHz quad core 64 bit2 GB RAMat least 16 GB onboard storageMicroSD up to 128 GB13 MP main camera 3000MaH battery5.5" 1080P screenthe $299 model has 4GB RAM, 64GB storage, and SoC is clocked at 2.3GHz
Heard battery life was terrible, did this get improved?
I've got the 4gig version it last all day. I use it pretty often. So I like it a lot.
4Gig only if you multitask a LOT. I tried a 2gig and its just as good but with multiple apps running it does get noticeably slower
Where can you actually buy one in the UK?
I'm from the USA and I couldn't find any stores that carried them. I just got mine off Amazon
Only third party sellers in the UK. Weird as I'd thought it had launched here
Yeah, tried best buy and any phone store I could locate. Decided to just pay for one day shipping.
how much is it in UK? the 350€ price in EU is off-putting
Mine is fucking hot after using 4G.All my phones are always hot when I use mobile data.Could a MVNO  mobile network make my phone hotter than a regular carrier ? I don't know.
Really good phone, I wish the $199 had 3gb of ram though. Using the $299 version, kind of overkill for my taste.
I'm in the UK, got one from a seller in Germany through Amazon. It's a great phone. Not perfect, but very good, and incredible for the price. I paid about £180. I previously had a Nokia 920 which sold for about £500 originally i believe. This is superior in every way except the OS, but that's personal preference.
This thing could run full Windows 8.1 on it, god damn I want convergence now!
4gb version is fastDoing what exactly? Switching from an app to app? Snappy interface? Why on earth would it need 4GB?If the 2gb version isn't fast, what the fuck are they doing?
4GB is good for future proofing, as well as the fact that the SoC is 64 bit, it was made to be good for a few years
how?
The processor is x86 so Windows wouldn't need to be ported. I'm sure there's plenty of other problems with getting the phone itself to run it though.If it does happen Zenfone2 will be just that much better of a phone.
doubt a MVNO would be any different.  you probably just live in an area with shitty signal, so your phone works extra hard to maintain a connection to the tower.  I bet your battery life suffers because of it.my phone only gets warm when doing the quick charge.  I don't play games or anything so I don't stress the processor, but it's plenty fast and multitasking is a breeze.I got the 4GB 2.3GHz version, so far I'm pretty impressed.  Keep getting firmware updates every week or so, and it keeps getting better.  I'm rooted and only froze some of the bloatware you can't uninstall OOTB, since I'm a little worried about doing updates.  Apparently you can just unfreeze the mandatory apps, do a full unroot, and install the updates after a reboot.  We'll see if that works when the next update comes out.  Otherwise I'll just flash it manually.Screen is pretty nice, very roomy and the resolution is good enough.  Device is not as big and awkward as I thought it would be, which is a plus.  I am a little afraid since the gorilla glass goes right to the edge, so I'm afraid a drop would shatter it, so I'm getting a case.battery life is decent, much better than my previous phone.  I got 6 hours SoT on a charge, just using it constantly little to no standby time.
when the updates came while rooted, did you have yo re-root the device again, or did it stick?
You have to repeat the rooting process, it involves a temporary tethered CWM recovery that installs SuperSU.  I haven't tried it yet since I rooted after the most recent update.  It seems to work though, and you can find pre-rooted images to flash.
Considering getting this phone to replace my ancient piece of crap.Is the 64GB version worth the extra 100USD? The 200USD price is really attractive, but the extra performance seems like it will give it a better future-proofing potential. I keep my phones as long as possible.
go 4GB or go home
Latest update requires 3 gb
firefox 255mb why?
of storage you fucking mong, not RAM
because it has memory leaks no matter the platform, thanks Obama
Oh yes 4GB version.
Is the 4gb 1.8gHz enough? Or the 2.3gHz is a must?
there are two main variants:4GB RAM / 2.3GHz Processor / 64 GB storage  2GB RAM / 1.8GHz processor / 16 GB storage  I think the upgraded RAM and storage is worth the extra money.  The processor upgrade is just gravy.
$249 Canadian unlockedChrist, this thing is cheap!How is this not better than the OPO for the money?
opo supposedly has better battery lifezenfone doesnt have any custom roms yet either so if you have autism you wont be able to rice it the way you want
Does it run DraStic smoothly? If not then I'm not interested.
I'd imagine the price/value will make this a really popular phone with rom hackers, no?
sorry about your Chinese gaymen addiction, weeb
ram makes things faster.no.
Any issued with an intel android phone in terms of app compatibility?I have to think Intel is just giving these processors away to Asus. Only way the price makes sense.
no issues with appsof course that's the reason they're dirt cheap, doesn't mean you shouldn't take advantage of it :^
Id get it but the non removable battery is a deal breaker for me.
oh shut the fuck up with that, most all new phones are that way, stick to your Samshit then cause no one else cares
one of my brothers roommates got a zenfone2, the screen is weird, like it's a quarter inch back from where the glass is
that sounds shit; confirmation?
out his ass
it definitely appeared that way to me
What is the quality of the picture that the camera takes?
For sure
kinda hard to see a phone correctly when you're getting pounded in the ass, right?
am I the fag when you're the one thinking of gay sex when it is irrelevant?faggot
It does, but diminishing returns begin after a little while, you pretty much have to double it to *feel a difference
obviously your eyesight is way off if you think the screen is shrunk in, and since you would suggest that like the think faggot you are, I just filled in the gaps
Why is this phone cheaper than say the S6 or the LG G4?
cheap SoC1080p screen when everyone else wants 1440pnot a shit ton spent on marketing or having to pay Qualcomm twice for licensing and using their SoC
Asus is not a namebrand for smartphones and neither is intel, they're willing to forego high prices in exchange for increased market presence and awareness
Intel giving away silicon + ASUS spending little on advertising, I assume.
how is it so cheap?
It will fo' sho.Once the boot loader gets unlocked, ROMs will be up in no time.
Rumor is that Intel is basically giving away the chips in the Zenfone 2 to get their name out there.
Is 1080p @ 5.5" 'retina' for a phone?
cheaper processor, ok then. I've heard that intel smartphone processors aren't good to go yet. Why is it cheaper though? Is it not compatible with certain things, or is it generally a slower phone than one witha  snapdragon 810which i've seen people complain about anyway?
read   it has a PPI of over 400, Retina is in the 300s
Why do OEMs insist on messing with stock Android when there's at least a significant part of the consumer base that hates that?At the minimum they could make all their tweaks uninstallable without rooting.
what does retina mean
yes and then some
Compare the specs, and various gimmicks to other phones and you'll see why it's cheap.
actually this gen Atoms are really good, google Z3580 benchmarks,  competes very well against Snapdragon 80X chips, its cheaper because Asus and Intel are trying to kick the door in to get into the market, that and they don't have to pay license fees to Qualcomm twice for selling in America
But if the battery life sucks I think most people would forgo the slight performance advantage.
as opposed to the "flagship's" gimmicks?  what might those be?
but it doesn't suck, you're thinking of the Clover Trail SoCs that were in the Zenfone 5, they were shitty on battery and didn't have LTE either
4K & curved screen come to mind
Didn't mean that Asus had gimmicks but that other had gimmicks and to compare Asus to other brands to see why it's so cheap.
IS the zenfone 2 their latest one? im seeing zenfone 5 online...
heart rate sensors3d camerasfake depth of field camerasfingerprint readersothers I'm forgetting...
and those are shitty, who needs a fucking 4K screen on a phone?  who needs a curved screen?yes, the ZF2 is the new one, confusing I know, but the ZF5 was first gen
It's a lower spec phone then Zenphone 2Zenphone 2 is top of the line if I'm not mistaken.
and those are shitty, who needs a fucking 4K screen on a phone? who needs a curved screen?that's my point, they charge a premium for them and they gain you nothing
ZF5 was released last year, it is older than ZF2
If you're going to be pleb and get the $199 version just buy a Lenovo K3 Note. Its $160 and performs better. The $299 model basically rapes everything on the market right now. Tempted to get one, except I have a K3 Note and it meets all of my needs and then some. Just doing buy the gay ass yellow. Go white. Looks really professional.
and they don't let you take out the battery, or add storage...it's silly those S6's. I'm very inclined to go for this phone, the price is so damn reasonable.thx for clearing that up. other phones usually go UP in numbers. I checked out when the zenfone 3 would come out but it doesn't look like it would be for a while, and doesn't even look like a crazy good upgrade.
got my gf the 2gb version. As far as I can tell, keeps up pretty nicely compared to my note 3.SD card compatability might be a bitch tho. Her phone had a lag problem that turned out to be an incompatible sd card.
Lag from google apps updates, so for android you need more ram or less google apps.
it isn't, the ZF2 is the one to buy, the ZF3 is shaping up to be an Android One phone from the rumors
4GB version is $400 in my country, 2GB is like $230Probably going to buy it anyways.
yeah the zen2 looks sick at that price, and it's already out.  Never heard of android one but it sounds like it's cheap
it is, its a platform for bringing android to the developing world aka 3rd world phone aka shit specs and super cheap
I was thinking of buying a moto G 2nd generation, but should I get this phone instead? They're both $250 here in Canada. I used to have a nexus 4 and it was perfect but I lost it.All I really care about is the ability to browse the internet and battery life. I don't care about playing games, taking pictures, or watching movies.Please respond I don't know shit about phones
yeah. Still, 400 is a lot less then say an S6 or something gimmicky and constrained. Fucking 1100 for a phone? Come on, I could build a decent PC for less than that!
Cool gif! Mind if I save it, fellow canuck? Also, where do you see the zenfone2 for $250?
Yeah that's why I'm going to get the Zenfone. Contracts are super fucked up in Canada too, so I just buy phones outright and keep using my $35 contract from like 6 years ago.
don't save it, want to keep it rare.
ah, nice. I lost my contract I got a long time ago. Everything with carriers is fucked up here, its a monopoly. I want an unlocked phone so I can switch from bell.
dang, I thought it would be the 4gb version. stupid of me. And you're too late I already saved it. Consider your market fully crashed
the colors are cool too. Not sure if I should go with white, black, red, or silver. Because it's not crazy expensive I feel like I could have some fun with this. Not that it really matters, since it will be in a case.
who's up for ripping some darts?
smoking is a thing of the past. only poor people do it now
faggot, who hear isn't a fucking hoser?
Take off, eh
Live long and prosper Donald
and people doesn't seem to bother that the chipset is hyper threaded. Therefore, pretty much the same level as octa-core chipset in most phones.
hyperthreaded cmon now, you can't make that claim without sauce
Had a problem using Spotify and drive, checked for updates and problem solved.
haven't found any incompatibilitiesthen again i don't play any games or use strange apps - only time i've heard of this happening was some guy who had an in house app at his company that was shittily coded.
it sounds dope. I hope to get one tomorrow
It's not.
Looks great; would order one right now but I have Verizon and they shit all over having nice things.
Wind mobile? I'm still on my uni student plan for $29/month and that includes unlimited data.Service is spotty but that's an incredible deal any way you slice it.
i think I will have to switch to them. I've wasted a lot of money at bell and don't waant to give those assholes anymore
It's better than it was, still pretty laughable if you've used another big boy phone though
It's not that it takes alot of money to make a decent phone, as proven by Asus with the ZF2.It's that the other companies are spending billions on advertising and offloading the costs to the customers, along with making huge profit margins.Samsung drops their old phones by hundreds in prices when their next flagship comes out, that just tells you how much you're getting ripped off.
It's nowhere near as good as those phones for one
I have to think Intel is just giving these processors away to Asus.intel subsidizes atoms give it a google, m8
Was looking into WIND, seemed pretty nice at first.Then I found out it was only HSPA+, no LTE.  Then I found out they have no towers in my area, so I'd always be on one of their "Partner networks"class="quote"Our low flat rates of 15¢/min, 5¢/text, and 5¢/MB are the same whether you're in St. John or San Diego. When you’re traveling and on a Partner Network, your phone displays AWAY Canada or Partner Name i.e. T-Mobile in the U.S.A..Using last month's usage...Base plan with unlimited talk/text/data3GB full speed = $401.4GB data usage @ 5 cents a MB = $70294 sent text messages assuming received are free = 14.7043 minutes talk time = $6.45TOTAL = 130.52 * 1.05 GST = $137.05 ~$50 more than I'm currently paying with Bell. Of course if I knew I was being nickel and dimed on every MB/text I'd probably use my phone a lot less, and using any sort of data or texting would just cause me stress.tl;dr WIND only makes sense if they have towers in your area, otherwise you'll get screwed whenever you actually use your phone.
Horrible power button placementHuge bezelbarely any real x86 support on Android.
tap to wake and turn off screen, barely ever have to touch the power buttonbezel is fairly reasonable, it's certainly not bezel-less thoughpretty much every app and many xposed modules work just fine
Isn't it incompatible with Sprint and Verizon networks?
yeah thats one of the upsides
no developer supportNo rootNothingNice try Asus.
No rootleave shitposter
Upside? Unfortunately for me I use sprint, so I'm fucked. Oh well, another iPhone it is.
tfw rooted
0 developer supportNice try Asus
My only problem with it is that it is huge as fuk....
boot loader unlock promisedalready has CWMNice try samshill.Also I don't even own a ZF2 since I'm not poor so dont even try.
What kind of dev support are you looking for? Root and xposed is all you need. Nobody with a brain uses tampered questionable roms nowadays when they're all basically the same shit that you can already do on your own.
Implying ROMs are more likely to host malware than Xposed modules
I thought it would be much bigger.  Turns out it's not much bigger than the Nexus 5.  Feels smaller than the Nexus 6, which I consider too big.
Garbage battery lifeNo buy
That's exactly what I'm saying.
Literally on par with any flagship out right now. Are you retarded?
And where's a shred of evidence?
I have all 3 and it's much bigger than a Nexus 5.
Not even close. More like a mid-range model from 2013. The Zenfone 2 only gets like 60-70% the on screen time of current flagships
Thata a bug with the Asus browser. Disable it and use opera/chrome/anything else.
Maybe I'm wrong since I sold the Nexus 5 before getting the Zenfone 2, but I expected the ZF2 to be much more big and clumsy, like when I was playing with the Nexus 6 in the store.It's like the perfect size for shitposting on the couch.  tfw you bought into the phablet trend
What sort of thinking leads you to think it's easier to hide malware on a single xposed module than an entire operating system?
Got mine a week ago.Best part is that the nav buttons don't take up screen space. Capacitive buttons are way nicer.
You have no idea what you're missing. The battery life is fucking incredible and its fast and stable as fuck.
I never rooted a phone before how hard is it? And has anyone done it for this zenfone 2?
Proof?
XDA, there's a megathread about it.
where's the evidence
Please link it and post some metrics. You don't need to post a fancy chart or anything, just give a few examples.
i havent bothered rooting mine, asus pushes out updates every 2 weeks or so and it seems like too much of a hassle to unroot and reroot every time i want to apply an update
I'm gonna need some verification before I can do that.
I never said easier. I'm only disagreeing with your claim that Xposed modules are less likely to deliver a malware payload in addition to their normal operation. It would be equally trivial in either case, although I suppose it could be ever so slightly easier with a ROM since you could disable SELinux by default. That's the kind of change people notice, though.
 On my ZenFone 2 so digging out the relevant metrics is hard, but this thread talks about it a lot. Pretty much increased screen on time by 40% myself too.
It's easy as fuck.  You tap some stuff on your phone, then open up a command prompt by some Thailandese person on your computer and it roots it for you.  Hardest part of it was Bluestacks interfering with the connection.I can confirm that there is issues with the Asus browser.  Just use Chrome, you'll get way more screen on time.
no need to deliver it when malware is already built into the rom by rakish m8running as a service and renamed to something generic you wouldn't even notice it without monitoring the traffic 24/7
Somebody please respond
Yes, get the Zenfone 2 instead.
The zenfone 2 is the best budget phone currently available. I'll fight whoever disagrees
And you could do the same thing just as easily with an Xposed module. I don't think you understand just how powerful Xposed is. By using it, you're basically building your own custom ROM.
"...incredible fabulous revolutionary amazing..."It's something Apple made up, it's not real, just a marketing slogan.
And it would be easily identified by the community and the dev would get shit for it.The point is with the stock rom and applying your own exposed modules you're downloading from official sources, not some kid from India. Downloading a custom rom is literally the same thing as using some "Windows 8 black edition" from the pirate bay.
Battery life on the opo is better. I have the ZenFone 2 and she has opo. She makes fun of me for it. But I still get about 5 hours ost with mine. If call it a win.
OPOfag here. I don't see why this phone isn't highly recommended in /g/. You really won't find a phone superior to it in all aspects.
Are there any app compatibility issues with the Zenfone?
Why would it be necessarily be identified any sooner than malware loaded from a custom ROM?
Not any more or less than any other android device.
Basically "high PPI compared to the viewing distance"They called the iPhone 4's display a "retina display" and it only had 326 PPI, the Zenfone 2 has 401, equal to the iPhone 6+tfw try to justify your purchase since /g/ tricked you into buying itnone that I've found
It's a meme chinkphone with garbage official support. It's also outclassed now.
To add on I get 5 hours onscreen time regularly and I've had this thing for a year. Also, I'm not a fan of the Intel Atom, no mattet how much RAM you throw at me.
They released the source files needed to build android, but how's the bootloader situation?Wait, the $199 model's 1080p?
If it used UEFI it would be trivial.
I said it in the first reply, because people using roms in 2015 are fucking morons.
Is the DAC any good? Decent enough to replace a Cowon J3?
Not the anon you were talking to but I am an XDA ROM cooker. No one cares enough to audit ROMs. They're large and complex so its easy to hide stuff.Xposed modules are pretty well audited before being added to the repo.
Who the fuck needs official support? And outclassed by what, the S6 and the G4? Is that NOT to be expected from phones that come a year after it?
They promised an unlock toolAnd yes the 200 dollar one is 1080p.
Listening to music is fine, I'm not an audiophile so I won't speak to "quality."  It sounds nice when I'm streaming from Spotify or listening to mp3s.
android doesn't use uefithere'd probably also be some issues getting the GPU recognized, I doubt windas has drivers for it, though I suppose you could live with software rendering. Gross.
barely any real x86 support on AndroidAre you fucking joking nigga?I've been using a razr i for 2 years now and I've never ran into any issues with x86, even in the early days.
The DAC is good quality. But don't expect to drive much without an amp. Outclassed by the ZenFone 2 :^
It runs PPSSPP pretty well, so I doubt DraStic would be a problem
boot loader unlock promisedSAUCE SAUCE SAUCEIf they do I will buy instantly.
They promised an unlock toolAnd yes the 200 dollar one is 1080p.I am squealing like a butch right now.Buying 4gb as we speak.No, bad anon, wait till the tools actually released, bad...You could still put UEFI over the bootloader then either load android from the UEFI, multi-boot tablet style, or chose android or UEFI from the bootloader.With all the ARM support windows has now I wouldn't be surprised if there was a PowerVR driver tucked away in windows somewhere.
buy it now friend
Why did Intel put a generation old SoCs in this phone? Why don't they have airmont SoCs for phones?
Read the ZenFone 2 warranty. It mentions the unlock tool. They also supplied it for the ZenFone 5 post launch also atom.
NO YOU FUCKING ASUS SHILL, GET ME THE TOOL.THEN I SUCK YOUR DICK.I'VE FALLEN FOR THIS ONE BEFORE, DON'T LET ME DOWN YOU GLORIOUS CHINKY BASTARD!I want to love you so much, I just need one little thing from you...airmontCherry trailWhy does intel's names sound so cool?Wait, so they're almost contractually obligated to provide it? Fucking ace!
I thought the newest generation was braswell? I'll never understand intel's naming structure
if you order it now the tool might come out right when it arrives on your door step
I think Braswell is the latest big core. Airmont is the latest Atom ?
Yes, there's a whole section talking about the device unlocker, and how it affects your warranty based on region.They also tweeted it but can't find it while on phone.
This would be the best thing ever.But I stand by my principals."Never buy a device based on a promise, because that update might never come"Sure, if I could get a refund if they don't that'd be sweet.Still. I'll wait.
Got the 2gb version here. Never an issue for me, plus by the time I'd actually use 4gb I'll probably just have a new phone.
the newest core series is broadwell, the newest atom/low power is airmont, I don't know what that makes braswell. Or M for that matter. Intel's confusing.
Broadwell, the name your thinking of is Broadwell
guess braswell is the desktop/notebook implementation of atom? Or something?
Outclassed by the ZenFone 2 :^lol, no are you retarded?
Looks like phones won't be getting Airmont.Braswell is a platform, Airmont is a CPU architecture. Broadwell is a different CPU architecture.
In Poland i pay 50zł/mo ~17$ for prepaid phone, unlimited LTE data.
I own both the zenfone 24gb and the oneplus one.
Are you?FasterBetter specsCheaperMicroSDBetter companyOutclassed.
Go grab one of each and use them for a week, then come back and act less retarded
Braswell is the SoC using Airmont cores that's going into NUC, HTPCs, etc.Cherry Trail is the SoC using Airmont cores that's going into Windows tablets.I see no indication that there will be an SoC for Android phones/tablets using Airmont cores.
on the section detailing what things can nullify the warranty:n Unusability or damage to the Product caused by installing and using the Unlock Device App, which is a utility that will unlock your Product's boot loader but will render the warranty null and void.
Which one is better?
I actually have.Regular performance was roughly the same, with games running better on zenfone 2.
Xperia phones have the same disclaimer in the Sony bootlocker unlock thing on their website
The zenfone feels cheaper for some reason, it could be because of the removable back. Speed wise they're about the same, but i think the zenfone would work a lot better with less bloat on it. Cameras seem about the same since last firmware update. the one is probably a bit better just because of the options on xda for custom roms atm, there are no roms as of yet for the zenfone 2.
Speed wise the Zenfone 2 destroys the OPO
i can't wait until a year from now the nand degrades beyond repair just like asus's shit 2012 nexus 7. shit's cheap for a reason.
STOP THIS FUCKING SHILLING ASUS HOLY FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!206 POSTS FROM 63 USERS!!STOP. FUCKING. SHILLING!MODS!60 users didn't post 3 times each in this thread!
One guy made 100 posts about how ASUS is worse than Hitler.
I agree it should be faster, i just don't see it. Maybe if it was running cyanogenmod like my opo i could compare better.
shills/g/ isn't that important.  we just like the phone.
what model thinkpad can play oldish games like fallout 3 and can do basic video editing that is around $400 All the ones that are coming up on eBay are integrated intel HD graphics.. will that be okay?
You can get 60fps from Fallout 3 with the 4600 HD on medium, so yeah. iGPUs will run those older games just fine.
would this be fine for playing it? 
Not that well. That has the 3000 series iGPU.Try to get something with the 4th gen integrated graphics.Google is your friend in this case.
4th gen? so what graphics card am I looking for? intel hd graphics 4000?
/g/ hates the Thinkpad Yogas but the Thinkpad Yoga 14 and 15 have NVIDIA Geforce 840m dedicated graphics. The 14 is on sale at Besy Buy for like $950.
T420 with at least i5 and nvs4200m runs it pretty well at 1600x900But i also ran it on a t400 with radeon 1440x900 and everyrhing low.But i also dont play games for graphics
Your retarded. Look up the W series for graphical stuff. Think pads are designed for work not games, don't buy one just for a g meme.
you're*

thinkpad YOGATop kek
chinkbadsgaming
, 
What's the consensus on SSD and torrents? I am annoyed by seeding and downloading to, but mostly seeding from my normal HDD. It is 5+ years old, SMART is perfect but the noise annoys me. I would get a 500gb SSD, let's say I download avg 10GB a day and seed avg 16h/day. It shouldn't be writing anything while I seed but for some reason my HDD keeps making noises as if it was writing almost constantly while seeding.Roughly by how much would that decrease the life span of the SSD when compared to normal use? Is it universally a stupid idea?
Nobody cares to chime in? I googled it but the information differs from site to site plus it mostly old and nearly every post ends with "the new gen will handle it better".
A good SDD like the one you pictured should be fine as far as longevity goes, it'll probably be obselete before it truly breaks from too many read/write cycles.They aren't massively expensive either, not nowdays, if you really care that much about a moderate performance boost just get it. I wouldn't bother though.
what kind of hard drive do you have that make a fucking audible noise loud enough to bother you?even at 7200rpm my single platter 1tb drive is silent af.
for some reason my HDD keeps making noises as if it was writingthere is only one noise faggot, it's the haeds moving across the platters that read AND write.it's the same noise if you're transferring data or writing data.
SSDs don't have a limited amount of reads.It's writes that they are limited by- and the limit is fucking enormous.The limit on modern SSDs is enough for decades of very heavy usage.For 10GB/day over a 500GB SSD that should come to about 60 years of constant usage.
I know but when I write the noise is constant, when I am doing nothing much browsing internet or whatever it is almost never there, when I am seeding the noise is almost as frequent as if I was writing even though I am not. I would expect torrent clients to read it once and cache it or something so it doesn't need to read all the small parts directly from the drive all the time.I am not by my PC now, it's an older drive, more than 1 platter and runs 120+ hours a week.
If you had windows 8.1 you could just look at the disk usage pane in the task manager and find out what process was using up write/read cycles.
If you go to perfmon.exe /res in Win7 you can see it too apparently... And qBittorrent barely writes anything compared to System... Screw it, I am getting an SSD, I back up regularly anyway, worse case scenario is I have to buy a new one in a couple of years. I would most likely do that anyway because of the size increasing all the time.
Just get a new drive.I have a couple toshiba 2tb in anti-vibration mounts and they're very quiet.
Is this the best download manager or are there open-source alternatives that are better?
JDownloader 2 for any shitty sites.Browser for the rest.IDM is only popular with kids and curryniggers.
did you think this stupid question deserved a separate thread? Use the appropriate thread /g/sqt/
That doesn't tell me what people actually recommend from experience.
rtorrent & firefox defaultI don't think I've downloaded something that wasn't a torrent in years, software dl managers are botnet trojans anyway
try uget
I want to record my browsing history as a directed graph, representing every webpage I visit as a node and representing my transitions from page to page as vertices, and then be able to navigate using this graph. I only care about using it myself. I would appreciate your advice. I know a bit of Java and Python and have a sense of how to accomplish this using Python, but I'm open to learning new things at the moment and want to know how other people think this would be accomplished most effectively.
if you're retarded, a directed graph is a bunch of dots nodes with arrows vertices pointing from one dot to another
you know a bit of java...use swing with a directed graph backend. how fucking incompetent are you accusing others of retardation
thanks for the answer, just using the retard angle to get responses. Any more elaborate answer's than this tier-1 retard's, tho?
nodes and vertices are synonyms in this context, m8. you mean nodes & edges or vertices & edges
see me after classjust pull all of your browsing history datetime/url pairs from firefox's internal data store. i'm sure chrome has a similar utilitya transition matrix is simple: start at item 0, connect it to item 1, connect 1 to 2, etc. don't worry about explicitly modeling "sessions", a lot of that will be noise or you will find common reset positions for example, a lot of the time you stop walking along a path and reset back to googleif you're somewhat mathematically inclined you may find the first few chapters of this interesting, it's somewhat related
Fuck, you're right. I'll have to try again later, lol
Thanks, very informative
actually really hard shit but I'm gonna try, thanks for the link
What's your favorite website that isn't 4chan?
/b/

Reddit :^}

xvideos

youtube maybe
/thread
4chan canada.
This is the only website I frequent anymore.
Blacked
tubekitty.comeporner with its 60fps section
Lolcats
this

e621 and hentai-foundry. dont make me choose.
tfw you were on that threadshit, I go on /mu/ ONE TIME and now I'm one of those guys.
reddit.com/r/funny
Thepiratebay
reddit

2015Still uses Torrents
I dunno, probably some forum of MMO that i still play, KAT or youtube.I don't browse that much anymore.
Craig Federighi sets hearts aflutter
that's fucking cool. i bet you could use this to figure out which movies will be hits!there, go and make an app for this... you'll be a millionaire. I'm not even kidding.
iOS 9 supports all iDevices going back to 2011Most Android devices sold today come with a version of the OS from around the same time, and are either highly complex or just impossible to upgradeDefend this, Lagdroidfags.
howtobrickyourdevice.pdf
More like how to lag it to oblivion. Apple does provide OS updates, but lags the shit out of anything older than 1-2 years. Planned obsolescence etc.
Lagdroidfags.There is nothing to defend.The mere fact that i have a choice what version i can install on my device makes Applefags BTFO.
You can do more on an android device without rooting than on an iphone/pad after jailbreak.You can choose from orders of magnitudes more android phones than with iOS.You can probably already install lollipop on more android phones from 2011 than the devices in that tiny list.
Just comes with the territory of giving the users a choice of their hardware. the apple devices hardware doesn't change much.
Android is shit. It's abandonware as soon as those jews get your shekels.
This is supposed to run better on older devices than iOS 8.I'm gonna hold my breath to see how it runs on the 5S before I update.
You can do more on an android device without rooting than on an iphone/pad after jailbreak.Name on thing. Definitely not true in my experience. You can do pretty much anything on a jailbroken idevice.
The only devices that get iOS 9 are Apple blessed devices. No other devices get an upgrade. You should therefore compare it to the Nexus lineup, which are Google blessed devices.But yes, it's an impressive feat of backporting. Lollipop only runs on Nexus 4 and up.
That sounds nice, for a security stand point, it is sad than devices like the 4s which us, beings of the third world see everywhere become literally useless for lack of patches and bugs.
 highly complex to upgrade1. Install TWRP or CWM optional if you have a decent bootloader, do a backup.2. Download ROM, put on device.3. Install ROM, rebootI left out the actual exact labelled buttons to press so IOSfags will give up and go back to their shitty "wow, supported for almost 4 years in this case, we sure got a great deal for what we paid!" phones.
Lollipop runs on Galaxy SII pretty well.
Have you seen how 2011 ishit devices lag, anon?
iOS 8 runs well on my iPod Touch. Only lag I notice is sometimes the keyboard, which I assume is some bug in how Apple implemented 3rd party keyboards
I know how to install another OS on my phone by myself. Official support would be good, but I can live without it, it's not a big deal.
Xiaomi also still supports their entire lineup from their first 2011 I think phone to now.And MIUI supports more than just Xiaomi's phones - yes, they even dev'd for other brands."Impressive feat" replicated on Android in more impressive fasion, right?
Can you change the launcher on iphones?
IPhone 4s and 5 will lag like shit
My answer is that my life doesn't revolve around defending megacorporations.
Should be fine on 5s,  anything older will lag like shit though
and still none of these ios updates allow you to TAKE THE DAMN APPS OFF THE HOME SCREEN
meanwhile WP10 will allow you to install on any devicedefend that apple and lagdroidfags
I'm a fandroid but it's kind of indefensible.
iPads and iPhone listed oldest left to newest rightAirs and Minis listed newest left to oldest rightwho the fuck thought this was acceptable?And it bums me out Android doesn't get long term support
iDevices are a joke and make even Touchjizz seem lean and efficientExplain this iFlock.
iFaggots falling for this shit againThey've literally said this about every release since 3, and it's only been half true. It'll run on "older" devices, but the performance will make you want to dig up Steve Jobs and shit on his cancerous bones.
sweaty hands.
tfw lollipop will never roll out to my s3tfw don't want to fuck with installing some hacked up version of it tfw too poor for a newer phoneHold me /g/. The next phone I get will be the one that has USB 3.1 first. I hope it's the iPhone so I don't have to be fucking cucked by Android.
I'm getting iphone6S this Oct when my contract expires. I was fucked by HTC in 2003 and by Samsung with S4. No updates from either. Fuck'em.
2011sgs2last update is from 20132011iphone 4sgets updates well into 2016I really really really don't want to get a Appleshit device, but it's getting harder and harder to ignore all flaws of the Android-ecosystem, with Google and the OEMs shitting on all devices older than 12 months.
He doesn't dream in code
He doesn't code in dreams
but seriously who the fuck would want to dream in codeI dreamed in code and I was importing magical libraries that don't exist in the real worldI was using syntax that doesn't exist in the real world
create those libraries now
I think he means that the symbols mean something now...not quite that he's coding in his dreams..
#include "MolecularFusionStarPower.h"#include "DeliMeatSymmetryProvider.h"#include "RainbowSymbolAssistant.h"#include "TelescopicEntropyAgent.h"#include "DistantRelativeDNA.h"#include "NomadicTribeAfricaCompatibility.h"
I dream in memes
He will never be the man that I am, motherfucker. I'm tough and the ladies swoon in my vicinity.
He keeps making this topic
"I want to work at Apple"
Vaccine SJW
Be NEET with CompTIA and Cisco certificationsParents signed me up for some volunteer place that will have me teaching poor people and old people how to use computersDidn't even tell me about it, they just signed me upHave zero experience with teachingFuck. Any tips? I'm not really sure of all the details except that I'll be teaching basic computer skills to people one-on-one.
, 
Does 'Swift' respect my 4 essential freedoms?If not, then into the trash it goes.
swift is literally a garbage meme language
St-stallmanu-san you have a stain on your shirt right below the GUH-NEW
Depends which open source license Apple uses. Not all open source licenses are free software licenses.
it will be a permissive free license
Did you receive the memo? Stains are cool.
All that Swift shilling in the HN thread.Why the fuck?
apple open sources swiftat the same time announces Metalgraphics api designed to lock down people to iOs
Because it's genuinely amazing. It does the work of both Rust and Go better than both.
how much do they pay you to shill this hard
3 gallon of semen
It does the work of both Rust and Go better than both.Be specific.

females care not. its acceptance is confirmed.
Is this some kind of retarded troll?You linked a ycombinator post, which in turn is a terse citation from the following bio.class="quote"The Swift language is the product of tireless effort from a team of language experts, documentation gurus, compiler optimization ninjas, and an incredibly important internal dogfooding group who provided feedback to help refine and battle-test ideas.Of course, it also greatly benefited from the experiences hard-won by many other languages in the field, drawing ideas from Objective-C, Rust, Haskell, Ruby, Python, C#, CLU, and far too many others to list.This is not an argument for Swift.It's a vague publicity statement to make Swift seem promising, when in reality there's nothing even cited as an example, let alone a systematic comparison against other languages.How much do they pay you to shillpost?
not enough apparently, too careless..
When memtesting a new build, I'm getting some errors.  I though normally, bad ram would give tons of errors.  Is there any information on acceptable mean time between ram errors cosmic rays and such, or do people just rma on any errors.  This is my first time actually seeing errors from memtest in several builds.
You shouldn't see any errors. If you do, you either have bad RAM, bad mobo, or need to readjust the timing parameters for it.
memetesting
Okay, so it wouldn't be my fault for running memtest an unreasonably long time generating an irrelevant false positive.
Actually... I didn't look close enough to see how long it took to generate the error. Still, that isn't something you want happening when you're trying to do something serious. Given how long it took, I suspect heat. Check the cooling on your RAM and consider repositioning fans or adding a fan.
Why are you running it an unreasonably long time? Memtesting new RAM at all seems a bit pointless anyway, unless you've had problems since you got it.
Are you overclocking at all?Run Memtest again for a while. You might also want to try Intel Burn Test.
Right now the ram is just in a fractal design xl r2; I haven't modified the cooling setup at all.I had time to while doing other things.  I'm going to want this computer to be fairly reliable.I am not overclocking.  I haven't touched the memtest; it's still running.  I'll look into Intel Burn Test.
72 hours
mfw interview tomorrow for job that uses technologies you've never used
Why did you apply for a job you can't do? Are you just faking it?
Have fun failing your interview with nothing to blame but your own massive stupidity
unless you lied on your resume, all good.show your enthusiasm and how eager you are to blah blah etc.remember to have questions to ask! they don't like it.. have at least one or 2 and say if anything else comes to mind, you will email. if you only have the hr contact, you can then ask for their email.good luck
tfw my job is a tech job at a small company and everyone there is cluelessSure the pay isn't great but I fixed up their network nicely and now I just sit back and reap the rewards.
just make sure to network in college and network some more and also network with steve jobs and network and firm handshake with networking friends at your university :-
I'm not faking it. No lies on my resume either. They don't teach you real world stuff in schools. A lot of the languages and technologies they use I haven't learned or even heard of it. I have the basic requirements. That's it. It's a junior software dev job.implying anyone here literally has all the requirements for x jobNo lies on resume. Thanks for the good luck.Based.
Just read about them on wikipedia or something.
Make sure to get at least 6 internships under your belt too
you'll get the job - nobody gives a fuck if you used it  - if you get stuck on something you don't know - smile like confident mofo and shift discussion to how you made your last IT startup hit multimillion $ IPO last year.
by the way - would you work as freelance ? whats your experience ?
This. They will most likely ask you about things that you have done and know, and then venture into the unknown territory testing your limits, but it's completely ok not to know the particular technologies they work with, though it would be nice to read up on them just to get a feel what they are about.Be honest and be interested, that's it.
What technology?  What job?
Didn't you do the research to reach conclusion from week 1 from the theory course and then research to reach conclusion 2 from the conclusion at the end of week 1, so on and so forth?That's how you become familiar with computing in a workplace environment. You essentially "break apart" your own computer and, essentially, "learn it in your own words" and recognize the similar processes.
Why would you stick yourself into wage slavery working a dead-end?  Use your skill to privately contract with multiple small businesses to constantly apply your talents, dumbass.OTHERWISE, enjoy your self-delusion and eventual spiral into boredom and depression.
Azure, .NET Framework, and parsing XML. Those are the only things I'm unfamiliar with.
I get $30k a year to sometimes solve some problems, otherwise not much. I am not that talented, merely proficient.
30k a year is shit, m8
parsing XMLI pity you.
wut? why?
But for the work I do it's comfortable, I dunno I don't want to work harder for more pay, sorry for not being ambitious
XML is fucking shit. It's hard for machines to parse and it's hard for people to read.For some reason, ENTERPRISE developers love it.
LOLAzure is a server, I think. That would just mean a different distro and shell, with emphasis on some part of the process over another possible emphasis. .NET framework means C++, C# and VBasic, and parsing XML is basically saying JK you don't need to know those but you might need at least one of them and besides that it will be minimal. The XML parsing is literally a sheet with "objects" coded out like they are bodies of text in an html sheet, and you just put all the relevant data within the  here  of the "object". name="Employee" class="Commission" data="name: McName DudeDude, salary: 2323.23, hired: 01/01/2001" any other possible query table: woop"  LITERALLY ITWHY?Because the idea of a hash map leads one to feeling like this kind of work could be automated. And then it gets really complicated.Or you just don't get it.
Security. XML keeps the developers and anyone with access to the data, out in the open. Higher up in the function calls where it's more difficult to obfuscate calls to access this important data.You can log XML a lot easier than you could log changes to an existing class file or changes in the assembly log, which is a very expensive skill that might supercede the costs of the losses.
I'm gaining experience with older and less common technologies that are still in use that I will be able to leverage for a good job.I want to stress that the point of learning isn't to get a job.  It is just a pleasant side effect that my interests make me employable.
emphasize adaptability and "quick learner" etc during interview. You just need to be a good culture fit who will learn quick
you're talking out of your ass
apply for oracle shopno experience with their ERPno experience with javatell them as muchget hired be shitty but for mysql help them with discoverer reporting and stuffsonly one guy in engineering understands a bit of system stuffthey struggle mightily to communicate their needs to other departmentshelp them out by speaking with other department heads informallyend up transfered out of engineering to project managementAlmost my entire job now consists of interpreting communication between the two engineering teams, network operations, information security, and system administration. Just don't lie to them in the interview and if you get hired do what other people aren't tackling.
damn you guys know your shitdidnt know XML was this big of a deal
I like your style, anon.
What do you guys think of cortana, and windows phone?I like the design of the phone, and cortana seems like one of the best personal iOS, but the layout of things that isn't the home-screen is ugly, and bland..
like one of the best personal iOS
like one of the best personal iOS
fuq I'm retarded, I meant IPA
RaMpAnCy
I think it looks pretty cool. I haven't used cortana though. Windows phones are always priced pretty well too, and win10 looks like it's actually shaping up to be a decent os. I'm using android right now, but I'm thinking of switching over for my next phone.
you don't need WP to use Cortana now. It's coming to iOS you know. no need to buy a dead platform phone to try it out.
 win10 an OSTry GNU/win10, fagget.
All these "personal assistants" are useless shit.cortanaHas a potential to be most useful useless shit.
This, when strong AI becomes a thing I'll reconsider
Implying it will be as good as it is on WP
The aesthetic is nice, but it's functionally garbage.
Siri is great for setting reminders, alarms and timers. I use it all the time
Hound seems like it is poised to fill the void missing in the android side, and based on the demo I've seen, smokes siri and cortana
Have they changed their home screen from vertical to horizontal yet?
OH HI MARK
that music in social section
I've been using Cortana almost exclusively and it functions very good, obviously not perfect but I've come to use and rely on it more and more.I've been using Cortana for about 4-5 months.
How do you make the tiles have a gap like that?
willingly supplying information to the botnetHave fun when all phones have ads built into the OS that are served up based on what you've told these server-side assistants.but...but I'll just install my own ROMThat will be illegal. Thanks John Deere!
tfw no Cortana on AndroidAt least we have Google Now's botnet to keep us company
It's an opened folder
class="quote"Facebook has made an update to their Graph API that will impact Microsoft apps and services. Facebook’s Graph API is the tool that we use to connect your Microsoft account to Facebook. It brings contact information from your Facebook friends into Outlook.com and the Windows People app, keeps those contacts up-to-date, and provides options in apps and services like Photo Gallery, Movie Maker, and OneDrive.com to share to Facebook. We collectively refer to these features as Facebook Connect.Due to these changes, Facebook Connect features will no longer be supported.My autism has been critically triggered.inb4 Facebook
Wait people on facebook will be able to invade my onedrive, and see all my nudes, and one note projects?
Spacer and group tiles.
We have the same background :o
Not my phone, just grabbed the screenshot from a homescreen that since it looked good.
Hi /g/, where can I download more ram?
www.penisland.comYou also get a free pen with your order!
bump please
It works! thanks
bumph
I've figured out how to hack more ram, but I can't seem to figure out how to increase my power supply wattage.
Just open it up and remove a couple resistors, maybe a capacitor, or, two, and take out that loud, useless psu fan eating up half your powerLess resistance = MOAR POWAH
Deleting system 32 frees up a shit ton of ram :^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
thx dude
am I the only one who seems to use this site?
What are the basic differences between HP and Dell?
Dell makes enterprise grade hardware.HP pretends to make enterprise grade hardware.
HP laptops actually work for more than 2 years
Examples?
Dell has industrial hardware design while HP has sleek and hipster hardware design
Dell Precision Mobile vs HP Zbook
I'm not too familiar with the Zbook since new enterprise computers are always out of my price range.  I buy systems from 3 or 4 years ago.  In that range I have understood the HP Elitebook series were the equal of the Precision series in most ways other than durability and power, with the HP system sacrificing some power for being very very resilient.
Alright, lets go with Precision Mobile vs EliteBook ≤ 4th generation.In 2012, the flagship models were Dell Precision Mobile M6700 and HP EliteBook 8770w.the little things here. For example:Dell explicitly allows use of mSATA for a 4th storage deviceDell battery is larger 9-cell 97/87 Wh vs. 8-cell 73/85 WhDell has 3-year NBD on-site hardware warranty standard, for HP it's optional and 1-year to 3-year, depending on part and componentDell offers 1866MHz for ≤16GB RAM, 1600MHz for 32GB, while HP offers only 1600MHz RAM.Both are MIL-STD-810G certified, I'm not sure there's a noticeable difference in physical resilience both magnesium-aluminum alloy.
At least HP isn't retarded and cheap enough to put a shitty 1600x900 disgustkng TNshit screen in a fucking 17.3 inch laptop
Dell are decent, HP are shit tier
Which Dell mobile workstation has a 1600x900 screen?I know the m6500 has a 1920x1200 screen, and I would assume all subsequent models have at least that quality.
...are you retarded or something?Did you just not read the data sheets? I'll post them again.down to the "Display" sections.BOTH HP and Dell offer HD+ 1600x900 basic options.BOTH HP and Dell offer IPS FHD 1920x1080 premium options.
What do you think of their workstation offerings?  I was comparing the Precision T7500 against the HP z800 this past month and I seemed to prefer the HP model for several reasons.z800 simply looks betterz800 has two sockets on the motherboard, T7500 needs an expansion card for 2nd CPUz800 has a more organized interior and ease of maintenancez800 has more PCI-E slotsHowever, the used T7500s are cheaper, and come with 1000 watt power supplies, compared to the standard 850 watts in the z800.  A 1100 watt power supply for the HP unit is over $100.
They're based on the same chipset, namely the Intel 5520, so the differences shouldn't be too large.Spec Sheets:class="quote"z800 simply looks betterIMO looks aren't important for a workstation, but rather ease of access for ports and the like.z800 has two sockets on the motherboard, T7500 needs an expansion card for 2nd CPUYeah, that could be a deal breaker unless the T7500 already has the expansion card installed.It's going to complicate internals as well.z800 has a more organized interior and ease of maintenanceAgree here as well. Just look at the Dell manuals for pictures.Cable management up top is a mess, relative to HP Z800 which is more spread out Z800 doesn't include cable pics in manual, google for them.z800 has more PCI-E slotsWell sort of.They both have two PCIe 2.0 x16 slots wired as x16, two PCIe 2.0 x16 slots wired as x8, and one PCIe 2.0 x16 in Dell, x8 in HP slot wired as x4.Keep in mind the chipset only allows 36 PCIe 2.0 electrical lanes max to be used, so you couldn't use all slots simultaneously.Then there's the legacy PCI ports.For Dell, it's a PCI 32bit/33MHz slot and a PCI-X 64bit/100MHz slot.For HP, it's a PCI 32bit/33MHz slot and a PCIe 1.0 x8 slot wired as x4.So technically the HP has the extra PCIe 1.0 slot, but it's a legacy port. The Dell instead offers PCI-X, which is probably the smarter move from a legacy perspective given PCIe versions are backwards compatible users could plug in PCIe 1.0 devices into PCIe 2.0 slots.
Latitude .. best laptop everPoweredge .. best server everOptiplex .. best workstation ever
Hey the /g/, I'm looking for a good gaming pc, but I don't know a whole lot about parts, and I don't want to buy a pre-built pc. So, I come here looking for help, I have 1000-1400 dollars to spend on this thing. I play CS:GO mainly but I want a pc that can play Day-Z and Rust with good fps, I also plan on using this pc to play Fallout 4. So I want at least 8 gb of ram, preferably 16, and a good graphics card. So please, give me some suggestions, and please no trolls, I will take some of your suggestions seriously. Thank you in advance. Also Battlestation thread
is that percy harvin and russell wilson on your bulletin board?
Not mine, I just found that pic.
That 3D on the monitor makes me uncomfortable.
If all you want to do is play Day-Z and Rust at "good" fps you will not need $1400
playing shitty 30fps 900p grindfest boring shooter, destiny
Here you go, faggot. Good luck getting good fps in DayZ, it aint optimized for shit. 
I think I have finally made the best gaming computer that doesn't get retarded with things. Critique/Suggestions  Also pc build bread.
dank memes
 buying gimped hardware
Get a higher wattage power supply. You're not giving yourself enough room, especially if overclocking.
implying that psu is enough Enjoy your housefire
GTX 770Ok, this is for poor's oc build, right?
nic and that mobo? please
, 
try out Truecryptencrypt entire drivelook at explorercurious what would happen if you click on the drive without a password"DO YOU WANT TO FORMAT?"Sorry but this is really stupid, if a dumb person ever used my PC, he could just format it without understanding anything. I mean really, what the fuck is this bullshit? it should be hidden and only visible after you write the password.Truecrypt? Truecucks.
There's a Windows setting for that.
Oh, and when you want to mount the hidden drive, just click Auto-Mount Devices in Truecrypt.
TrueCrypt is outdated and no longer maintained, use the forks, you idiots.
like what?
Doesn't this make your HD thrash repeatedly until it dies?
VeraCrypt, just google for more. This one is the only one I recall at the top of my head.
/mkg/ - Mechanical Keyboard GeneralBuyer's Guide: to Buy: Guide: one is dyingDIY edition
Delete your thread faggot. Theres one up.
Any of you know if this controller is any good?Are there any alternatives that are not too expensive? Maybe with dual joysticks? Mostly for space sims like take on mars or kerbal space programs?
spaceballs are cool for KSP. Get one of the old USB ones, they don't cost much,  and have more buttons than the new ones.
How the fuck does anyone learn how to GUI in C++? I've searched and searched and I haven't been able to find a single guide to help someone learn this shit. I'm using Visual Studio 2012 and while people online claim it's "very good for GUI apps", I've yet to find a single person to actually explain how.
how do I graphicsgit gud
c++GUIgtfo pleb
git gudis this /g/'s response to every question?
while people online claim it's "very good for GUI apps"stop browsing forums for people with mental developmental issues
You're probably listening to faggots who are talking about visual basic which is a language where you write code with gui basically
found the javafag
if you want to develop games.. try allegro 4, allegro 5
protip: /g/ doesn't know either. all we'll do is call you a pleb and a faggot.
Have you tried looking for MFC tutorials?There's also an MFC textbook in the /g/entoomen archive that got passed around a few years back.
stop samefagging, you got your answer, c++ is not for making guis unless you want standard windows shit
install gentoo
c++ is not for making guisHow long have you been programming, little child?
I'm using Visual Studio 2012Found you're problemNow download the Qt sdk.
I'd say try C#. It's the closest you can get to C++ While using GUI
nah. just a termfagcommand line or die
while people online claim it's "very good for GUI apps"white peopleNah, in actuality it was just really smart niggers on the internet who gave them this advice.gtfo you fag
You just learn to use the form designer and code in the events. Like, start with something simple like a push button trigger. If you're trying to do real graphics then good luck learning the gdi, shot ain't simple.Gui code sucks ass no matter how you go about it and its just something I just try to get over with and quarantined off in its ugly corner.
you're
Don't be a masochist. Use C# and XAML.
guis are for plebs
Thats youre problem, not mine.
implying you posted that from lynx
implying he didn't use curl
Just use Qt, OP.
Use Qt or if you're partially retarded gtk

being this retarded
Get this: when you're doing any sort of Winforms/QT/GTK GUI work, your program will probably be divided into two or more threads, one being your 'Application' GUI thread, the others being your main and worker threads. Especially with C++, you will need to read up on the documentation for your specific GUI toolkit to ensure that the functions or parameters that you are manipulating are thread safe.The Application thread is generally handles itself, though many toolkits give you the option to manually update the Application object. When you use Winforms or any other GUI toolkit, all you need to do is provide the GUI Handlers with information about what it should be displaying. Often, the GUI Designer will construct for you with some sort of GUI markup, or it literally writes up boilerplate code when. It'll do this in response to your dragging forms and other controls into your design view.As a result of this design, you typically have to deal with delegates and container objects in order to get information to and from your GUI elements. Someone mentioned the MVC model, model/view/controller, which is the typical design pattern for GUI frameworks. Likewise, because of how detached you are from the controls and their classes, you often need to provide interactive elements with function callbacks or function pointers in order to get them to perform specific behaviors when users do things.Needless to say, effective GUI code segregates GUI updates from background number crunching. So, if you're going to do a search of a database, make sure that the GUI action either triggers a flag that spools up your main thread to do the search, or it calls a function that dispatches a completely separate thread to do the search.
not getting the meme
So, ive decided to give Gimp a chance, and im already stuck.I selected the white part of the image with the magic wand and pressed del key and nothing happens, i also did editclear or whatever, and still wont delete the white part, what im doing wrong?
did you try hitting the delete key?I don't even remember how to do this, but it was a really weird thing to get it to work.
You copy the image and paste it into photoshop
Right click on the layer and  hit "Add Alpha Channel"
Right click, move down the menucolor to alphaI think that should do what you want.
This
Thanks, this worked, Gimp is weird, man.
but it was a really weird thing to get it to work.if something so simple needs a weird trick to work, it's already failed as a product
Just wish Photoshop shortcuts were the same in Gimp -.-
Increase the threshold on your Fuzzy Select tool, and try playing around with it to select the right amount of white.
Whats the Ctrl+T in Gimp?
It makes the selection outline visible/invisible.
Just use Photoshop
He fell for the gimp meme
Some people are too lazy to pirate photoshop, or can't under their circumstances.
I tried pirating photoshop but everything is filled with malware or plainly doesn't work.Yeah but what i meant is, how can i transform whats inside the selection like in photoshop when you press Ctrl+T
This is why I don't use gimp.  I use pinta, it's easier than gimp for simple tasks but is still awful nonetheless.
There is one development version with exactly this, but dunno where you can download it. With your current version, you gotta use rotate, scale, etc one at a time.
He's too dumb to search correctlyProtip : all you need is an amtlib.dll
I use GIMP on a weekly basis for basic chart meme purposes and have no problems, other than the fact that there is no tool for drawing fucking boxes. Also I miss content-aware fill.
Well thats retarded, how long has photoshop had that feature?
This is not 2005 anymore.
This is also something I wish people did when making transparent images.href="#p48404459" class="quotelink"EditPreferencesInterfaceConfigure keyboard shortcuts-.-Kill self
Use the Resynthesizer plugin or another plugin for content-aware fill.
And for boxes?
What do you want a solid shape? Use a selection tool like the square select then fill it with a color ctrl+, or ctrl+.or do you mean something else?
I have Photoshop CC right now, activated for life, and all I did was replace that DLL.
A box tool like the one even MS Paint has. Why doesn't GIMP have one?
Not this?Unrelated libvpx is slow as shit oh my god.
How is that weird?  If the layer doesn't have an alpha channel, what do you expect delete to do?  Fill the area with the background color?  Oh wait, your background color is white./thread
There's also this if you want shape outlines, neither are limited to boxes, if you have a selection you can fill it or stroke it.
So you have or have not used the box tool on MS Paint?
No, I wouldn't be asking for clarification if I knew what you were talking about. That's why I'm asking you what you mean, I don't understand you, if you tell me what you want I can try my best to help.
You can download an unlocked CS2 straight from adobe. You have only yourself to blame for using GIMP
If you weren't running Windows and have never touched the OS I could understand your obliviousness.
I barley use a fraction of the stuff bundled with the OS sorry. I use Firefox for my browser, foobar for my audio, mpv for my video, 7z for my archive management, gimp for editing, etc. I personally feel like a lot of the software bundled with Windows is limited and I don't particularly like any of it, paint is a good example, I can't find any use for it at all and never use the thing.I don't see why any of this matters to you though or why my OS would factor into whether I have or have not used some random program. I don't expect all Windows users to know about briefcases or the policy manager, etc.
some random program
mspaint.exe is just as random as clock.exe or calc.exe, it's not something everyone uses. Why does it interest you so much what I use? Is paint typically an integral thing people use?
Is paint typically an integral thing people use?uh... yeah.
Alright well I don't use it so sorry that bothers you that I don't know about it, I know about gimp because that's what I use, the person asked me about gimp and I tried to answer them, did you need something or what?
Is paint typically an integral thing people use?There's also people who code in Notepad and play music using Windows Media Player.  Their number is negligible and they are stupid.
Whatever point made is irrelevant with your having never been a primary school student with access to a school computer running Windows.

Do you assume everyone has the same experiences as you? Who gives a shit dude, in my school we used the computers for assignments and if we were doing digital art assignments we were using photoshop not paint. I seriously don't know anyone that uses mspaint for anything, especially now when we have not only better tools but free better tools both for individuals and schools.
I tried pirating photoshop but I'm too fucking retarded to figure out how.FTFYPermanent method is patching amtlib.dll, works most of the time.If you're scared of that somehow fucking your computer, then there's the following solution:1 Download CC apps from Adobe-sanctioned source, e.g.Patch hosts file just google for a number of examples.3 Use keygen in a VM to generate serial and offline activation codes.4 Write down your serial, repeat step 3 every 6 months.TBH you could probably make it automatic, like AutoKMS for Windows/MS Office, but no one cares enough.
Just admit that in school you were a nerd who did what the teacher told him.
Are you just after my attention or something? Post your email if you want to talk, here really isn't the place guy.
wintards will defend this
What are you, a redditor? This is exactly the place.
thread about image softwarethe place to make idle chit chatNobody besides you seems to care about what I have to say, there's no reason for me and you to shit up an alright thread with our side topic, ironically that'd probably be fine from the small amount of threads I've seen on reddit where the top posts are always 2 people memespouting back and forth and have nothing to do with the topic.If you want to talk to me personally about dumb shit like what I did in school then either post some for of contact or stay on topic, I'm not going to acknowledge you otherwise.
What is there to defend against?It's every fucking 6 MONTHS, it's not even that hard to do.
freetards will defend using worse software becuse
See, this is how I know you're a redditor who doesn't know where he is.
it's just friendly banter m8this is how we get to know each other
That's my point, nobody cares besides the 2 involved, it's literally meta garbage, if they want to talk to me about off topic nonsense then they should stop being beta about it and give me their contact instead of shitting up the thread. It's not even possible to get to know one another on an anonymous imageboard.feel stupid for even participating, I feel like it's my fault for killing the thread and turning it into some kind of chatroom, I'm only making it worse with this post.
Jesus son 4chan is not for you.
I'd say the same about you, fucking go back to reddit or facebook or wherever if you want to mingle and meet people. Nobody cares about what you did in primary school, and nobody cares about what I did there either, all that does it shit up a perfectly good thread with meaningless "banter".
I thought you were going to stop posting 3 posts ago. Any further posts only further exemplify how you aren't suited for this website.
Threads already dead, what's wrong, can't handle the bantz? I feel pity on you if you want a serious answer, you're so dead set on communicating with me and probably have no friends given that you make assumptions all the time and can't handle people with different views than your own.wow they don't use paintwow they don't think /g/ is like ircwow they don't treat 4chan the exact same way as meLike if I bother you so much then why reply to me at all, if you want to talk to me why aren't you posting contact info. What do you even want?You should also quit bumping the thread.
I told you so.
Just switch to Krita. GIMP is deprecated.
Okay dude, it's not like your opinion is going to change anything, me thinking the same about you isn't going to magically make a difference. Why can't you just answer the question, what do you want from me? If you want me to stop posting then please just tell me that instead of dancing around it, if you're seeking attention then post some way to contact you. What are you afraid of?

wants to talk to peopleenough so that they shit up a thread for ittoo afraid to talk to them over the interneteven while anonymousAnon please.
what do you want from me?A/S/L?
Is that really it? Can't you post some form of contact so I don't have to post it here? I know I said those things but I don't want to talk here either.
LONDON?
, 
Running Windows XP Pro. Laptop has a CoA for WIndows 7 Pro but XP seems to run fasterNetbook is somewhat slow, can barely play Youtube videos without stuttering.Forget about games, have not tested emulation but may not workAny tips on how to improve this netbook? I would at least like to be able to watch videos online smoothly.
Post the damn specs
Have you tried installing a proper operating system on it, let's say for example gentoo GNU+Linux?
I have the same netbook, it's underpowered and not useful for much...I did get mine to play the original unreal tournament and it did it quite well and it handled DOSbox fairly well.Right now, it's serving as my alarm clock.And a damn good one at that.
le ganoo plus loonix maymay :-Implying he will improve his performances with a shitty OS that doesn't have any real drivers
install gentoo, it'd be fun and excitingsingle core atomI'll pass thank you very much
Here you go.But I'd like to get some work done.
You don't build the packages on the atom machine you dolt.
N470. Among the last of the netbook Atoms. So, OP, it might seem like a meme but installing a lightweight Linux on that will completely revive it. Later XP and especially 7 were never meant for barebones weak computers. I have a dual-core Atom D525 netbook and 7 lags like hell. Xfce on that runs as fast as a fresh XP install back in 2002 when you could run it off of 128MB. Give it a try. I recommend either X/Lubuntu or Antergos / Manjaro with Xfce or LXDE/LXQt.
Hey /g/, I am looking for some game recording software for my friends pleby Windows computer. We already tried fraps, but his computer can't handle it. Any recommendations would be appreciated.
shadowplay
Isn't that a sign that he should buy a better pc? Oh and when he is at it, get a GPU with shadowplay.
Isn't bandicam good? I'm not much of an expert on this, but I've heard good things about it.
AMD GPU
the only thing I hate about shadowplay is that it doesn't take screenshots
OBS
I find that DXtory is just fantastic. Much less impact on performance than Fraps, you can record several tracks at the same time and there are just so many options, man. I actually bought it because it's really worth it, and heck, it's just 30 bucks or something.
I swear I wasn't paid to say this
Oh just shut up.
OBS is very good. Use R1CH's recording guide if you can't figure out the settings. Default settings are crap for recording.Shadowplay might have a bit better performance though.
FRAPS. If you can't handle it, don't record.
OBS.
GVR then
FRAPS. If you can't handle it, don't record.you can fuck off with fraps. Fraps is good for 2 things: monitoring fps and taking screenshots. thats it, no debate. It records in fucking loseless ffs! 1 minute is about 5gb, if you want to record 20 minutes of gameplay - you need fucking 100gb, then spend half a day cooking your cpu while recoding that shit
Nvidia shadowplay
t records in fucking loseless ffs! 1 minute is about 5gb, if you want to record 20 minutes of gameplay - you need fucking 100gb, then spend half a day cooking your cpu while recoding that shitThanks a lot. I'm using it and it is fantastic
dxtory
Really? Nobody's gonna mention Loilo Recorder? Plebs.
OBS/Actionstarted using action it's pretty damn good.
AMD's game capture whatever is pretty good. When playing APB I only loses maybe 2 ~ 5 fps. However when I tried BF4 it takes like 10 ~ 15 fps. I haven't tried BF4 since they updated though.
shilling proprietary softwareFucking kill you'reselves
I use FFsplit, and if that piece of shit goes iffy I switch to OBS.
OBS OBS OBS OBS OBS OBS OBS OBS OBS
Shadowplay if nvidia obs if amd
ffmpeg
I use Open Broadcasting Software to record CS plays, mate uses DXtory
ffmpegwhats with all the fucking plebs on /g/ lately?fuck off plebs
PlayClawI don't understand why you would bother using software that doesn't let you split audio sources + pre-record buffer.
ffmpeg -video_size 1920x1080 -framerate 30 -f x11grab -i :0.0 -c:v libx264 -qp 0 -preset ultrafast capture.mkvLiterally first page in search results. Explained here: 
OBS
MSI AfterburnerFree, minimal performance cost, very customizable.
Windows 10 has this built in.If his computer can't handle it, then he needs a better computer and no software can help him.
So what's a good screen record for Linux, has no ads/malware, and no watermark?1 Good2 Linux3 No ads or malware4 No watermark
→ 
obs
ffmpeg: command not found
Got it work, this is so cool!Seems like ffmpeg doesn't work and got replaced by a fork called libav uses avconv instead of ffmpeg.How you install it is:1 Go to Synaptic Package Manager2 install "libav-tools"3 Go to Terminal4 Enter in this to record audio and video:"avconv -f pulse -i "alsa_output.pci-0110_10_1d.0.analog-stereo.monitor" -b 64k -f x11grab -video_size 1024x768 -framerate 60 -i :0.0 -threads 2 /home/name/Desktop/test.mkv"You have to set some stuff that's specifically for your computer though, like the audio thing and save file path.1 
My mistake, this link for 1
, 
2015Not using TidalWhat's wrong with you?
fuck off shill
Die in a fireReminder to sage
Tidal is a complete failure. A quarter of their staff is already gone. Jay-Z is upset at how much of a catastrophe it is. His best friend Kanye West even revoked his support tweets of Tidal. Jay got all upset and had to resort to pulling the race card and was like 'my fellow African-Americans ya'll need to support black business, help a nigga out!' and shit.Site is a ignominious failure, but why would anybody pay for streaming? You can do that shit for free on a multitude of sites.
2014 + 1Still using TIdal
that kerning
hey OP, what's it like to be Jay-Z?
FUCK YOU ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL FUCK FUCK YOU ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!
shill plz go.
I think it is a good service but its so damn expensive, 19,99 For a month are like 4 months of google music just because MUH FLACS ON MOBILE. That i cant really enjoy because shitty phone DAC, so it is pretty useless because i can download all my flacs on my pc
bumping an advertisement thread that's been dead for an hourKill yourself
2015not embracing MUSIC
There's loads of things wrong with me, but not using something I never heard of is not one of them.
implying I am going to give jay z any moneyGood idea but that price and that selection, should of just piggybacked on itunes streaming service.
not available until June 30thno news on whether it will be available worldwide on launch dayno exclusivesnothing to entice those who already have a Spotify/Rdio subscriptionIt's going to be a fiery failure. I know this phrase is tossed around every time Apple launches something, but I say this as someone deeply embedded in the ecosystem. I don't know what the fuck Eddy and Tim were thinking.
funnyjunk.com
streamingkek
I assumed this was already out of business.Almost as ill conceived and doomed as Apple's DJ-hosted streaming stations.
2015actually employing paid internet shills no, it's not just a meme!actually getting caught for itnot even having a Wikipedia entry because of it
Stick our logo on itProfitLicense to print a couple extra bucks. But like, couch quarters in comparison to the cash they have on hand
 Buying 5K monitors from DellEven gaming PC's can't run it!
Gaming PCIntel AtomWhat the fuck am I reading?
ITS THE NEW QUANTUM ATOM SMASHNo but seriously, what the fuck does a mobile processor have anything to do with this.
 Cannot connect to ANY computerAt least the reviewer was thorough enough to test the monitor with every single computer in existence.
dellyou realize that that review is for an HP monitor right?
Only for special computers ;^
toppest of keks
The computer he bought only has a  7770 and costs $900 USD. Lmao
title says Atom, but the spec sheet says i7.Still, a 7770. Fuck.
I kek'd
What the fuck is wrong with their website? also: dat case/keyboard
atom ain't a mobile processor m8, it's an embedded devices processor
You know shit faglord
BOOTUHSTRAPUHNever send an Indian to do an American's job.
display features: High Definition
the link goes to the mobile website
I wonder if the cart even works.
Power PC
reminds me of that 1200 steam machine with a 750ti and some crazy i7why do prebuilt companies have to be such kikes? if they offered pre-builts that weren't at like 160%+ mark up more consolefag retards would probably buy in
it gets worse: iBuyPower Gamer Power PC TG701FX with Intel Atom Processor, 1TB Hard Drive, 8GB Memory - Black/Red..... $899.99
Intel Atom ProcessorIntel Core i7-4770I'm confused.
Atom is a cool word, like nuclear and stuff.
AMD Radeon HD 7770Even more confused by the Images.
i remember seeing a alienware rig or something that listed 8 gbs of vramit had two 4gb gpus in sli. These people have no idea what they're doing
no ides what they're doingThey know what they are doing, they are trying to sell shit for high prices.
Holy kek
It doesn't have 2 DP outputs, that's what.
They know exactly what they are doing. IbuyPower is a scam company. They sell you trash computers at pretty decent margins. I've seen them use literal diablotek type PSUs in their builds.
experience the next level of realism and precise detailed imageryprecise detailed imagery
implying you really need anything more than an HD-7770 in the present-day.graphics whoring is a dead end, CPU-performance is probably more important given the sheer amount of voxel and/or other engineering games coming to the market.still the idiot should've gotten a nvidia card at least, so he could take advantage of some of the physics processing
Display Features: High-Definition
I only play Indie Shit, the post.
implying you really need anything more than an HD-7770 in the present-day.Are you serious?
Has anyone ever used a wifi pineapple?
class="quote"pineapples are used for hackingpineapples are actually easily hackable themselveskek
yup
diy fona router mod
they're more for fun/pranks than anything
They can actually be very useful, just not in front of other hackers, unless you modify the firmware yoursef... wich is actually not that hard
Any one knows how to perform a mitm attack with ettercap infusion?
lmao hilarious $100 prank =^
No, but I saw it on Hak5 long ago before I even started browsing /g/. Good times.
Yes, I've used one, the Mark V. I haven't really used it to its full potential yet.
What exactly is it and will it get me Shannon's tits?
IT'S JUST A PRANK BRO
God, I hope so.
my lord black people are aggressive
 steal monkeys banana monkey angryThey cant help it you fool
Hi /g/, I'm somebody currently undertaking studies at University and have recently been getting lots of BSOD. I've already isolated the problem faulty RAM and have realized that no matter how much I switch it around it doesn't alleviate the problem. I'm looking to get some new RAM but figured I'd upgrade in the meantime. Anybody from Australia will know MSY isn't particularly gifted at understanding problems over the phone due to how many people don't speak English, so I was wondering if any Aussie anons don't have to be could suggest a good GPU upgrade that'll put me under $700. I'm guessing I'll also have to get a new case and PSU or something, but I don't know how big my case is it's in a spot I can't easily access right now so try and keep in mind I'll probably need to spend another $60-80 bucks.Thanks /g/.
WWW.downloadmoreram.comProblem solved.
I'll also have to get a new case and PSUneed to spend another $60-80 bucks.This doesn't compute. You can't even get a case and PSU for 80 bucks in the USA, let alone the socialist shithole that Australia is.
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:class="quote"Here's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:class="quote"To foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:class="prettyprint"Challenge:Write a program that will help this thread live longer than a day.
Challenge;_;
Got StumpWM working with CCL on my Pi2 under Archlinux ARM.I wouldn't want to use it as my main system, but it's not too bad.
Arch ARM is okay.I can't stop wanting to call it 'ARMch[air]', though.
apparently these guys do cool stuff with common lisp: 
challengewhy not just write a program that will automatically make one of these threads whenever the old one dies?
He doesn't want to pay for a pass.
I posted this a few threads ago before it died. Added some new functionality. Basically it's an RMS bot for IRC with some new lainchan flavoring and extensibility. Code is a bit haphazard. 
This is neat.Code is a bit haphazard.Would you like any style tips?  I haven't run this yet, but I've noticed a few problems you may already be aware of.
The way it deals with headers is annoying, especially if you need to build some software from source.I much prefer Debian and Fedora, but Arch Linux ARM is the only distro I've tried on here that isn't either broke to shit or way too out of date for my needs.
NetBSD is very good on the Pi.  It makes sense too, since portability is really the modus operandi of that OS.
Now that Swift is becoming open sourced, do we make a ebin emoji meme CL implementation?
Except I need modern software packages, and multi-threaded Lisp support, I don't think anything but ECL does that on NetBSD/ARM, which is suboptimal.
I'd love some!
Going through SICP but progressing damn slow.Are the video lectures worth going through? They look old.
There are some really good ones here:Harvey is really good.Also here:Abelson and Sussman lectures are still very good, but Brian Harvey is newer and has all those materials to take the whole course along with him that I posted above.The newer CS61A is SICP redone in Python, but the one I linked above is the older one with Brian Harvey.
Okay.  The first thing I noticed is how you have the macro definition in the middle of your global variable declarations.  Consistency is important and it would be better for such a small file to have things like that in the top.The only other thing I'll focus on is msg-hook.  I haven't thoroughly checked it for correctness, but I noticed a good deal of redundancy.I can see why you defined cvar, but then you have member source msg *authorized* :test #'equal in 6 different spots.  Not only does this make the code harder to read, but it also makes the code less efficient, since that same sexp is going to be evaluated repeatedly in most cases.Another thing to look into is some of the more interesting lambda list keywords.  You started the definition of msg-hook with a let.  The &aux lambda list keyword can be used for *let, but your code will usually be a line shorter and the indentation will be simpler.  I usually design my functions where I can use &aux instead of a let or *let form.I won't comment on your loop form, because that's really more of a matter of personal preference and deep nesting like that generally looks better than the equivalent loop clauses.  I have not examined your loop form much because I was focusing on the rest of the function.Sometimes it's worth it to define a case macro that uses equal so you can use strings for cases and shadow the default case macro, but that would probably be going a little overboard for the sake of clarity here.In my next post, I'll post my revision of the msg-hook form.  I don't believe I made any mistakes in my revision.
defun msg-hook msg &aux args split-sequence #\space cadr arguments msg  and member source msg *authorized* :test #'equal       cond equal car args "newrule" if not eq 3 length args                                               privmsg *connection* cvar channel "You fuarrked up."                                               defparameter *rules* cons cons cadr args caddr args *rules*             equal car args "stop"    setf *speak* nil             equal car args "start"   setf *speak* 't             equal car args "add"     setf *authorized* cons cadr args *authorized*             equal car args "remove"  setf *authorized* remove cadr args *authorized* :test #'equal             equal car args "unrule"  setf *rules* remove-if lambda x equal car x cadr args *rules*  loop for r in *rules*        do if equal car r "L|linu|uni|oonix"               if not remove nil mapcar #'lambda x scan "GNU" x args                   if remove nil mapcar #'lambda x scan car r x args                       if *speak*                           privmsg *connection* cvar channel cdr r               if remove nil mapcar #'lambda x scan car r x args                   if *speak*                       privmsg *connection* cvar channel cdr r
lncredibly thorough. Thanks so much! Logging this away for future reference.
Out of curiosity, how would you implement a case macro that uses equal or string= for comparison?
Look no further than macroexpand to sate your curiosity.This is what I get from sbcl:macroexpand-1 'case 0 1 1 2 2LET #:G1111 0  DECLARE IGNORABLE #:G1111  COND EQL #:G1111 '1 NIL 1 EQL #:G1111 '2 NIL 2Asides from the usual macro expansions, case is nothing more than a cond with some extra fluff in each test.  All you need to do is change the test.
oooh. I didn't think of doing this. Here I was poring through the sbcl source and using describe case.
Been using a lumia 635 for the past few months and is there seriously no way for windows phones to remind you of a missed call/text, unless you check the phone manually?
Hm... probably not. I have the same phone and as far as I know, it's not possible. Newer W10 phones will probably have LED light blinking like the old and now new BlackBerry phones.
Nope, not really. Supposed to be fixed in 10 though.
How? We will be able to download a LED or what?
Can we talk about this amazing cpuI plan on running this with a gtx 770 so it shouldnt bottleneck it. Are there any recommended mobos for this. I plan on running it with a msi h81m-eco or gigabyte h81m-s2h. It seems like they can both overclock it. Theres about a $10 difference between them so Im not sure witch on to get.Heres a vid of it running the witcher 3 in comparison with other cpus. Its running a titan so theres a bottleneck but its about the performance Id expect to meet with a 770.
WHAT CPU MOTHERFUCKER
it's literally the title of the thread
Sorry. I only put it in the subject.
Heres a list of successful OC's. Averages about 4.3Ghz

That may be but the picture is not that CPU nor is the G3258 amazing.
G3258 isnt amazingPrice to performance its virtually unmatched when OC'd.
bear in mind that that exact forum post is for Hxx and Bxx Motherboards, not the Z series. It's a "special gift chipset series" from Intel for the anniversary Pentium G3258 which is able to OC without being labeled a OC board.With a Z series board and a proper cooler a higher average clock than 4.3 GHz is achieved.
Thats part of why its so amazing. 4.3 GHz on a non z motherboard lets it compete and low prices.
If you plan on keeping and OC'ing the G3258, it's great for pcsx2 and dolphin.
get the fuck out, this is a blatant shill thread example here  and here 
talking about why a extremely cheap cpu that can compete with more expensive models is shillingCalm down and learn to appreciate good products.
Could almost swear I traveled back to 2014 when I started reading this thread
I have a good product, an i5 4690K, what you're shilling is a joke that can't load AAA titles without a hack, GTFO
dual core for when having a 2 wheel ride lyk byke or bycycle in lyf and quad core when car
youre a shilling joke that falls for the quadcore requirement meme
It can run any AAA title. G3258Why are you so mad that its better price/performance wise. Does it bother you that intel put out a good budget cpu?
quad core requirementmemethen riddle me this faggot, why would the FC4 not load when a G35shit was present in a system?it bothers me when there's already a great chip out for budget rigs, the i3 4160
i3 4160twice the price and not as good on things like emulation and others that require a high clock speed. As far as FC4 that was amd shilling more cores. It runs fine on dualcores.
the best thing about this CPU is that it's a cheap placeholder until you can afford a 4690K.
twice the priceno, its like 30 bucks more, has better single threaded performance and has hyperthreading, and it does fine on emulation, it wasn't an AMD meme if it was being reported by tech journalists
You can't overclock i3's you nigger. They're basically locked pentiums with hyperthreading.
its like 30 bucks moreG3258 goes for 60-70 whereas the i3 goes for 110-120. Thats about twice the price.single threaded performanceNohyperthreadingYesdoes fine on emulationNo lolwasn't an AMD memeshilling and meme arent the same thing. Ubisoft gimped the game not to use the first 2 cores. Its been addressed.
they're i7s cut in half essentially, and I know they aren't unlocked you fuckwit, yet they still outperform the shitty Mememium you fucks are acting like its the second coming
An overclocked Pentium will shit all over a locked i3 any day of the weak. I don't even like Pentiums, but i3's are window licker CPU's for laptops and excel spreadsheets.Pentium is also $60 where a 4160 is $120. Both of these CPU's are poorfag though.
class="quote"world disagrees with you. OC'd G3258 beats i3 4160. Stock clock the i3 4160 is better but you don't get the G3258 and not overclock it.
cpubossseriously nigger?  you should know better than posting that meme, why don't you go check out some gaming benchmarks, and you'll see your OC'd piece of shit is worse than the 4160window licker CPUs for laptopsyou are a dumb shit, you're talking about a laptop CPU vs a desktop CPU, if you don't know the difference than I have nothing more to say to your stupid ass
Why are you so angered that the G3258 competes at a lower cost?
its a shit CPU when you can get a better one for literally 30-35 more
It really doesn't. Not even that guy. The pentium you need an aftermarket cooler, an overclocking board with decent vrm cooling, less cache, higher power consumption, no HT, higher power consumption, and need to fiddle with stress tests for hours  maybe 1~2% gain in a few games. The i3 you can buy used with a shitty stock cooler and a shitty board and you would be ready to go.
The Pentium you need an aftermarket cooler, an overclocking boardYou dont need any of this. It oc's on h81 boards.
sure, to 4.3 where it is seriously outperformed by the i3, you need a Z board to reach somewhat respectable levels at 4.8
$110 is $35 more than $60lol
I have a question about this wonderous poorfag CPU unrealated to overclocking and gaming.Would this be alright to use with IPfire? I've been using a raspberry pi and I don't really trust a it and am wanting to replace it.
You can get to 4.6 if you up the voltage. 4.3 is just the sweet spot. And you don't need 4.8.
If you want it to literally catch fire sure Here's one of the board you posted in the opThe vrms are being passively cooled and you expect the oc with this? While the pentium cost less you pay for it with premium boards, aftermarket heatsinks, power consumption and your time fucking around with it. It ends up costing more with less performance.
And you don't need 4.8.You don't need it... but you want it
$60not on pc part pick, it's 69$ and the 4160 is $109, so $40 more, still the better deal
I need a cheap 1150 cpu that is 4 Cored 8 Threaded.Is the E3 1231 V3 my only choice?I realise that the E3 doesn't have IGP for QuickSync.Then again my current Core 2 Quad doesn't have IGP either.i7 4790K is way outta my league and the i5 doesn't really fit what I'm doing.I know I should have waited for Skylake but I have already bought a Z97-D3H for an E3 1240L V3 deal that fell through. I also have 24gigs of DDR3 already.
Its 65 on ncixus and I got one for 60.Ive already overclocked on it before. Ive used this budget combination many times for others. I normally don't try to push it and just clock it at 4.5 when I was using it for like 2 weeks. Set it back a bit to 4.2 when I handed it over.
I stand corrected, still not the better chip tho
It says something about the quality of your argument when your only response is 'lol nice meme faggot'.
Hi Intel shill, The G3258 was one of my biggest tech regret purchase. But your i7 4790k is a great cpu.
The G3258 was one of my biggest tech regret purchaseWhy? It's $60, I hope you weren't expecting something great.
comparing i7 4790k against g3258Im sure theyre happy with your purchase
The worse thing about the G3258 was that it used up 90-100% cpu usage when I saw it in task manager. And I'm not even using a web browser, just one mmo game and it's already 100% cpu usage with 70'C degree temps on the stock cooler.
How is the CPU being utilized a bad thing exactly?
cpu frames per second stutter while playing.When I got a quad core cpu, it went away.
 Yeah, let's just buy a cooler+CPU combo that can hold 4.5GHz which in result will end up costing more than an single 4160
that means the CPU is the bottleneck, it is being used to its maximum extentdon't forget the fact that you need a good motherboard as wellI have a G3258 overclocked to 4.7GHz on a B85 motherboard and it is FAR from idealdepending on the game, i3 processors will still kick the G3258's ass for things like frametime and stability
 overclocking on a B85Those VRMs are going to explode
This thread is probably dead but would I see any noticeable performance increase from pairing this with my ancient 6770 that I still have or should I just get a 750ti for now and save up to buy an i5 later? I have an FX-4100 at the moment.
750ti + i5
how much is a 750ti? maybe you could gget a used gtx680 or gtx770 from ebay or something.
120 for a refurbished FTW edition. That seems pretty nice, I was thinking of that and a 4350 or 6300 because I hear bulldozer is garbage and I figured that would give me a decent boost while I save up for an i5 and graphics as necessary.
, 
What's this in your computer anon?
He's my best buddy, why?
thankfully my phone has a private mode now. I recall handing my old one to someone thinking "oh shit they better not press on the gallery"for my computer, multiple users.. no worries.
yfw
yfw
christwho are those for? 6 year olds on their parent's shitty iphone?
pvp still existshow
hey fa/g/gots, just thought i would share this picture of my four day free climb of el capitan that i did last yearwell, enjoy playing with your computers
Thanks man, I really do enjoy tinkering with my computer ^.^
Looks fun, mate.Planning on going backpacking at the White Clouds in Idaho with some of my friends later this month, so I'm looking forward to it.
Enjoy dying upside down trapped in a hole in the center of the earth.
Im not a big climber, but I like to hike portions of the Natchez Trace near my hometown.
fuck caving just fyi
How did you get down?
you people are fucking crazy m8
Thanks, anon!  I enjoy programming and gaming.  All that adventure stuff is a little much for me but I'm glad you like it!
Will AMD ever recover?
Only if they get bought by 
w2c
Is that supposed to be an Apple symbol?AMD is only worth $1.8billion. That's chump change for Apple.
RADE-ONmy sides
Kek
Jesus christ japan
I hope the card is better than the anime.
I don't understand this. What's the fucking point of having an anime girl in your graphics card? You're not going to see her after you install it.
not letting the case opened to see your waifu
what's the point of having anime girl on xClearly you don't understand Otaku
It's fake you retards
how did that stop nvidia and ati from putting all those 3dcg women on their graphics cards in the late 90s and all throughout the 00s.
NVIDIA: The Way It's Meant To Be Played
Anyone else looking for a job? Got any stories? Tips?first technical programming interview ever scheduled for tomorrowgood-ass job, impressive title, high visibility in company, involved in data science, they seem very interested in me in spite of my lack of experience3 interviews to goI've done a bunch of phone screens, read some interview books, and have gotten really good at talking to people, but I'm still nervous as fuck that I'm going to get hit with some ridiculous gotcha algorithms question.
/g/jobs
what's the company? and the title?that's nice that you've read books, but the only way to prepare for a technical programming interview is to, guess what...program. no hate just speaking from experience
I don't think it would be in my best interest to say everything, but I will say that I'm interviewing as a Data Engineer.the only way to prepare for a technical programming interview is to, guess what...program.Of course. The books are just a supplement. I have a lot of interesting projects, that's the whole reason I've landed this interview in the first place.
I put my resume on a web site for it jobs.4 companies contacted me.And I got a jobIt took me 1 week to find the job.
What does /g/ think of this edX course? LinuxFoundationX: LFS101x.2 Introduction to Linux
You mean the GNUFoundationX's GNU101x.2 Introduction to GNU?
9s b8 m8 r8 8/8
It's okay.It's pretty much useless unless you have almost no experience with linux. Half of the course is about the linux foundation and linus himself and the other half talks about installing linux and basic utilities included in linux.
Maybe only the 1st 2 chapters
Just do it and find out yourself. Took me like 2 days to finish.
if you can't do the exam in 30 minutes and get 100% then you don't belong on /g/
Maybe I ought to do that during the weekend.
, 
So /g/, Matte or glossy display screen?
Matte Master race.
I like glossy, but hate the glare.
Matte if I can get it, but 27" retina iMac is too awesome to turn down just because it's shiny.
Matte for Bright Rooms/OutdoorsGlossy for everything else best for color reproduction.
Matte screen protector on my device
Ha ha! This makes complete sense.
Glossy. Modern day glossy screens e.g. the one on the retina iMac are not too bad, and matte a shit for movies.
Glossy, without question. Even light matte coatings have a negative effect on image quality that you can't get rid of. You can manage glare.
Clearly glossy.Matte is a terrible choice.It means you have light in your room -which is wrong to begin with and needs to be stopped- and it lowers image quality.
glossy surfaces suck if you have any light
dell s2415h or asus vg248qe guys?
here is my device with its matte
2
That isn't how screens work
The whole "matte = inaccurate colors" is something that Apple sales people tell their customers because every Apple product has a glossy screen.  A matte monitor or TV is not the same as putting a matte screen protector on your phone.
Having a Matte screen on a tablet is far superior than a glossy shit face
its gayfixed that for you
Anti reflective coatings from glasses
I think someone's jelly
Since this is the closest thing we have to a monitor general, is the ASUS ROG PG278Q a good 2k, 144hz monitor?
I don't into detailed graphics so matte
glossysomehow gets fingerprints everywhereslightest amount of dust causes autismif you aren't a basement dweller you can't use them in nicely lit rooms without maximum brightnessif it's a laptop it's practically useless outdoors
No, it's an exaggeration. Still, fundamentally you are putting a big, dirty sticker on top of your monitor. It has nothing to do with color reproduction, but images are undeniably clearer on displays without an anti-glare coating. It's down to person preference, but I'll take managing the lighting conditions of my roomwhich I really don't have to do, my monitor is right by a window and I barely get reflections unless I angle it funny and the superior picture over the minimal benefits anti-glare coatings provide.
all these mattefagsHaving ugly things doesn't make you any more 1337, you know.
yes I have one
Semi matte master race, best of both worlds
Matte.My 2011 macbook is matte, my x220 is matte, my 24" desktop monitor is matte.Once you matte, you don't go... batt?
I'm done with glossy screensbe me fapping to gr8 r34suddenly see my faggot face reflected in my monitors glossy coatstart crying uncontrollably
Matte is better but direct sunlight is a bitch either way. It fucking sucks with glossy and it just regular sucks with a matte screen.
Are you retarded? Seriously. That's the worst kind you could have chosen.using a screen protectorany year
Matte so you don't see your disgusting reflection
Hahaha
Where did that beautiful color went? That looks terrible
The only possible reason for glossy is if you're an artist and the monitor is stationary and indoors.In every other case, use matte.
This I hate seeing my fucking ugly face when I use the computerDisgusting.Funny thing is, all Apple products used to have matte screensI used to HATE screen protectors until I discovered tempered glass. It is fantastic. It feels the same as the glass screen.
How do you clean your monitor /g/
If you have a glossy screen you can pull the curtains on a window and turn off a light.If you have a matte screen you can do fuckall, because you can't undo a permanent microsurface scratch.
Eyeglass wipes from the dollar store.
yeah I have one too, but be aware it is super-matte, almost to the point where whites are grainy
super-matteHow bad are we talking here? Is it gonna make games look like shit?
naw games look fine, anything in motion looks fine, and colors are decent for tn and worth it for the response time it's just when browsing/looking at photos, any blank, solid white space looks like it has film grain over it enhanced by how super bright the screen is
Doesn't matter, you can't read either one when the light hits it.
Obviously glossy for superior image quality. If I wanted matte I could just rub Vaseline on my screen or use some sandpaper
In the mood for loveNot 2046Nigga the fuck you doin? At-least it's not Chungking express.
Same
looks pretty good to me, just a little grainy is all.

This
this image, I allowed my camera to add the color compression with the 'auto' setting like a fucking faggot
looks just fine, i do the same with my laptop
matte, fuck glossytoo glareeasy to be scratched
Couldn't agree more
bump
You are a special kind of stupid.
Anybody who doesn't like matte has never owned an ultrasharp
I bought a 4 TB hard drive last year and now I want to make a home server with it since I don't need it attached to my main. Ideally, I would like to run Ubuntu Server on it and have it run uTorrent 24/7.I have 35 GB of cloud storage between my Apple, Google, and Microsoft accounts, but I would like to have a few terabytes set aside for movies, games, and books I download.
What is the cheapest way for me to do this?
Get some crappy second-hand computer, attach the hard drive, and stick it in a corner; connect it to your LAN and you're basically good to go
I would like to run Ubuntu Server on it and have it run uTorrentDie in a fire
Why?
he's disgusting and he doesn't even know why he's disgustingubuntu worst linux distro, uTorrent worst torrent client. git gud
get a rpi and run arkos.
Any experienced PC builders out there?I know, "not your tech support," but I swear to god if you can fix this for me I will never post here again.  I'll even retire from building computers.I'm building a computer for a friend.  I have it all hooked up, I go to boot it up, and it powers on for a second and shuts off.I switched out the RAM, GPU, and PSU into another system and they all work fine.I re-seated the processor twice and checked for bent pins.The motherboard has the green standby LED on.I unplugged EVERYTHING and plugged it back in at least 5 different times.Here's the kicker:  I think it's the motherboard or the CPU, but how often does that happen?, but the motherboard is past the RMA window by 4 days.  Is there anyway I can get some of my money back for the motherboard, or am I fucked?Part list:you kindly and please have mercy on my soul.
Grats on trashing your motherboard niggerCheck your stands and tesla coil next time
It may be the PSU
install gentoo
I does it every time I try to power it on, not just once.I apologize for the fucked OP image, here is the right version.
the motherboard is past the RMA window by 4 dayshahahahaha
this is gonna sound dumb I had this problem myself with my older pc and i found out one of the molex plugs that was to a case fan was shorting out and making my system shut off I would say check all the connections make sure nothing is bare or poorly connected. Also try to check the connections for the hard drives if you have to switch to another plug for it I have also had that issue once.
Can you even get into the bios?
try another PSU if u have one
building your own PCYou fell for the meme. It's literally a useless skill when others can do it for you at no risk.
so, modern mobos don't have any post signals anymore?i bet it's mobo and you're fucked.jesus fucking christ who in the world spend money on proper SSD and then buys cheapest cpu available
Sounds like your power supply is a real piece of shit, OP.
No.  I took out the battery on the motherboard, too, and replaced it.I tried a different PSU and it doesn't work either, but both work in another system, so I don't think it's the PSU.
Check to make sure you don't have an extra stand off in your case
ur momo might be the issue then
What do you mean by this?
Mobo power connector probably faulty.
yeah if it's not the PS and you can't get in the BIOS it's definitely you MB. Try crying to support. Maybe they'll throw you a bone? Idk man =
I even tried a different CPU cooler, thinking it was the CPU fan header/plug and still nothing.
under the mobo make sure all of the protruding screw holders are used and not shorting on the mobo
Screw holders?  The holes used to fasten it to the case?
They are little brass looking spacers that go in between your motherboard and the case. They screw into the case, you set your board on them, then you screw the board to them. you've got one in a bad spot and it's hitting the under side of your MB it could be bridging a connection and causing a short.
you've got metal touching the motherboard somewhere.
building a PC outside a case without using a test benchthats static discharge yoalso OP is the build new or new to youpast the RMA window by 4 daysnew buildthose two things dont make sense togetherasking /g/ to spoonfeed you
OP probably got the MB from an old build and doesn't realize you have to buy everything new :^
This may be it.  The motherboard is on a horizontal layout with no spacers or anything, just screwed right onto the case.  Maybe the screws are shorting it out...I'm going to go investigate.It's for a friend and he took over a month to get the parts, I'm sorry.  I'm just looking for some advice.
no spacersscrewed right into the caseWTF. Good job on your bricked mb OP
nice meme
LOL there is your problem the case came with standoffs and a manual that shows you which ones to use ...  you are shorting the whole mobo out
Not necessarily. Some cases come with 'built in' stand offs where there's raised nipples where you need to screw in your stuff. It was like that when I did my mini atx build anyway.
Had the same problem. TRY USING A SINGLE STICK ON YOUR RAM to see if that is the problem.
True however doesnt mean they arent too tight and making some of the solder touch the case.
useless skillgetting other people to do the useless skill for youClearly it is not useless.
Nearly willing to bet you didn't pit the CPU in the right way. Like upside down or some shit. Really easy mistake that will do just this.
with no spacers or anything,
looked up a video of the case, looks like it is supposed to have standoffs.mb is shone on standoffsLater you can see it without standoffs installed
i did the same and saw standoffs so yes you are supposed to have the mobo lifted off the tray slightly if it isnt thats your problem
How did he get the rear I/o panel to line up ?!?!?!
Only if you live in a third world backwater where you can't get a rig delivered.
rear io is a large opening he might not have put the rear io shield on
if the comp is posting and everything seems fine, but ur getting no videothen check ur fucking videomay be faulty videoor faulty cableor shitty cmos optionsor shitty monitor
OP here, that was it!!  I forgot to put spacers between the motherboard and the case.  I've been so used to the spacers being preinstalled.Thank you, wonderful anons!  I would buy you all a beer if I knew you.  IT LIVES!
Forgot pic.Thanks again guys :3
Grats mate I did the same thing i added a post on accident once and it did the same thing good job mate
mobo is worth more than cpussdbudget
I killed my first mobo like that
red LED fansblue ram moduleseven has an optical drivei am surprised he didn't get like an nh14d and come here complaining about it not fitting the case
POST beep codes
Fuck you. I have red LEDs and blue heatsinks on my mobo.
You're welcome! Now remember, you said you'd never come here again and you'd give up computer building!
 but I swear to god if you can fix this for me I will never post here againop your cute dont leaveeveryone needs computer help sometimes
OP do this for real:Take Motherboard and PSU out of the caseOnto a non-retarded surface non-static, non-conductive try wood set the motherboard and other parts.With two DIMMs populated try to POST Motherboard with CPU, 2 DIMMs, PSU, connected to screen.If POST fails remove one DIMM, if POST fails again, move the remaining DIMM into one of the slots that have not been used. If still POST failsone or more of the remaining components is dead. If however the system does POST, put it all back into the case BE FUCKING SURE THE MOBO IS NOT GROUNDING, repeat with only those same components connected. If it does not post, it's the motherboard. If it still posts it's one of the things that you will then start to connect, one at a time.
kek look at me, i was so certain /g/ wouldn't help or couldn't help that i answered before even reading the thread.
How stupid do you have to be.... Really.
OP here one final time.  Just finished installing everything, torture tests going now.Not my build, did this for a friend.  Pic related is my build, somewhat similar.I know, I might give it up.  I gotta stop doing this shit for free.I'm sorry I'm not as experienced as you.  This was my third build and my previous two had the standoffs preinstalled so I forgot.  I had everything else, so fuck off.  Lesson learned.
do final fail tests with motherboard + CPU + memory + PSU out of case partly for OP's reason.
be mego onto Apple looking iMacs because I'm curiousbase model iMac1.4Ghz-2.7Ghz dual-core i58GB memory500GB 5400RPM hard drive5400RPMIntel HD Graphics 5000HD graphics1,200 fucking dollarsmfw I have a iMac with an optical drive that I bought for $800 new with a quad-core i5 2.5Ghz-3.3Ghz and a 512mb HD6750m at least it's discrete graphics. And I have a 7200RPM HDDHow is it, /g/, that Tim Cook has made Apple WORSE?
be mego onto Dell looking for XPS AIOs becaused I'm boredbase model1.4 ghz dual core i58gb memory1tb hddintel HD graphicsHD graphics$1599
But OP, it's slightly thinner and a little bit shinier! You must get it!
Naw, I'm trying to save $10,000 for the Apple edition Watch. I hope it's not out of date by the time I buy it.

I'm trying to save $300,000 for an HP server.
Please tell me you're joking. I'd take the mac and a smaller hd tbh
I mean, is it technically better? I guess it has 1600mHz LPDDR3 instead of 1333mHz DDR3, and maybe Haswell has some next level graphics processing that is better than the Sandy Bridge that mine has + GPU.Seriously, I'm confused as to why someone would pay more for a computer from the same company that's worse just because it's new. Am I missing anything?
You're assuming that OP told the truth, which was your first mistake. Base iMacs have never been as cheap as $800 unless he got a student discount or his local Best Buy was clearing stock, let alone the one with his specs.
Naw, I'm the same person. It was refurbished never had an issue with it, so not technically new, and it was still the current model, right before they got thinner and took the optical drives out.
Even so, let's say it's only a $100 difference. My old iMac is still a better deal. Tim Cook is seriously ass raping the apple fanboys.
I've never been an Apple fan, but I'm interested: can you give me a rundown of the things that Tim Cook has done to jew over Apple fans?
iWatch. the fucking iWatchdoing nothing with iPod Classic or the rest of the line and then discontinuing it - the only dedicated music player of theirs worth getting.new macbookiPhone 6 plus bending. Not that I would go for the plus, but that shows poor RD in exchange for profits.ignores the fact that all the new products are overpriced - even for apple, before Steve Jobs' death.mavericks and yosemite felt very rushed. And I lost some application compatibility that hasn't been updated in the store. Some 3rd party apps don't work anymore either like some of my game ports .exe - .appTim Cook is a fag, and I don't just mean that he's gay.
"of course, we all know that apple sells software in the guise of hardware" quoth ted nelson, genius extraordinaire
Watercoolng thread! Post yours or ones you like, real watercooling. No that premade junk.
DUDE WEED LMAO
Dank OS m8
What is the best sub 32inch tv?  I'm going to use a VESA articulating arm mount to attach it to a bookcase.  It needs to be light, sleek and 720p, budget of US$300.Also, how do I put the Tivo box on the back?
Just buy a cheap 1080p monitor and use speakers.
How do I attached speakers?  I don't know if that will fit the aesthetics I'm going for...
We know you have questionable content on that laptop anon. Just tell us the password to decrypt it and make all this go away.
why would it all go away if theres something bad on it
SHUT UP JOHNSON
fuck u fucking blowjob
The password is "1375h17P1G"Ohh that didnt work? Sorry, I must have forgotten the password. AM I BEING DETAINED?
give them password to decoy partition? lol how is this so hard?
tell them password that actually reformats the hardrive. problem solved
AM I BEING DETAINED?
I am invoking my right to stay silent, and I  want to speak to my lawyer.
"Get a warrant otherwise I'm not saying anything else until I speak to an attorney."
terrorists don't get attorneys, you're going to a fema holding camp
If you knew I had questionable content why would you be asking for my password?
I think that will make things slightly worse than just not saying anything.
I forgot it.
i accidentally encrypted the password itself
AM I BEING DETAINED?Easiest way to get fucked over.Screeching am I being detained is the fastest way to get detained.
Nah, make the password one character off. Say he must have typed it in wrong. At that point the HDD is wiped so not like they could prove it although really they could if they wanted to spend the money
using a password
implying there is any drive encryption scheme that isn't back dooredThe password is irrelevant
implying they wouldn't clone the drive before trying anything
not writing your own 512 bit elliptic curve crypto algorithms to encrypt your disksstay pleb
what is a fucking imagined situation a bunch of dumb 4chan kids dreams up to give a little pseudo-danger in their dreary non-livesFuck off, kids.
using the meme curve at all
Ur questions a shit
2015remembering passwordsnot storing the 1024 characters long encryption key on a floppy disc like a l33t h4x0r from the 1990.
So could I legitimately go "i don't know what the password is, I forgot that shit" and not get in trouble

Hater
Yes.
how do you know it's questionable if it's encrypted :^ check made
Got pic related for 15 bucksWhat quality or just werks other quality mice have you found on amazon for ~30$?
do some more googling and you'll find that a lot of 3rd party manufacturers or brands sell that same exact mouse with different branding
I bought a xornet for $20 with shipping a few months ago. 8/10 mouse
What is the worst thing to ever happen to technology?
Larry Ellison
the us gov
Patent trolling
Linus Torvalds's birth
free software, not even trolling
Red Hat going public. Linux was on track to becoming a relevant desktop OS, but RHL stopped being released due to public shareholders having a say in how Redhat did their business.
it's existence
Java
Technology merging with entertainment.
The AT&T vs. CSRG lawsuit. BSD could have stopped Windows NT from becoming a dominant server/workstation OS but instead all open source development was halted for a few years and Linuxwhich didn't become mature for more than a decade took its place.
this website
Proprietary software and hardware.DRM in any form
edisonfuck that guy
Individual governments meddling with it to "improve" it.

The cell phone "apping" of programs on the pc. Basically treating apps on pc no different than on cell phones.
Apple
Electricity
The media, ie the Verge.
This website is technology's turd. Everything poops, anon. It's healthy.
Yeah, Silicon Valey existing in the first place sucks tbh.
AppleIBM was worse actually, they just never grew to Apple's proportion.
There's nothing preventing you from keeping the flame of "PC applications" aliveActually, what am I saying? You haven't written a line of code in your life.
this
Advertising
The wheel.
null
c++
hey fuck you you elitist piece of shit why don't you keep the flame of faggotry alive you fucking scumActually, what am I saying? you fucking shitting me? why would anyone ever want to interact with a fucking toxic waste of a human like youall you probably ever wrote was some faggot script you found online to keep you fucking freetarded OS afloat fuck you why would be be such a fucking faggot I hope you get killed in traffic next time I wish will all my might fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you you dont know about the person you argue with. Actually, what am I saying? FUCK YOU I hope the worst happens to you. What makes you better? Tell me? NOTHING because you are nothing, and you are toxic. you are a bad person. a Bad person. you make others feel bad. I hate you so muchfucking die, your life had no dignity whatsoever and nobody will remember you
hey fuck you you rude piece of shit why don't you keep the flame of faggotry alive you fucking scumActually, what am I saying?you fucking shitting me? why would anyone ever want to interact with a fucking toxic waste of a human like youall you probably ever wrote was some faggot insult you found online to keep you fucking argument afloatfuck you why would be be such a fucking faggot I hope you get killed in traffic next time I wish will all my might fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you you dont know about the person you argue with. Actually, what am I saying? FUCK YOU I hope the worst happens to you. What makes you better? Tell me? NOTHING because you are nothing, and you are toxic. you are a bad person. a Bad person. you make others feel bad. I hate you so muchfucking die, your life had no dignity whatsoever and nobody will remember you
click-dragclickctrl-cctrl-vclick click click click clickthat's all it took you. why. here is your reply. die. goodbye. nice try.
the C programming language
Valve
/thread
I've done a lot of web development over the years. IE6 and PHP both come to mind. I also kind of hate how *.js is a thing now. I don't want another Javascript framework and I'm sick of things that should be lightweight applications being made into bloated web browsers. The Atom text editor for example.
Pretty much
Apple
OP is implying antique farming technologykek'd
mass surveillance
Apple post steve jobs
he doesn't know about the early days and Wozepic post, my millennial friendwell meme'd :-D
you do web dev, you don't get to have an opinion, AI could do your job better than you can
he saw Jobs 2013 and calls steve wozniak woz to make it sound like he knows somethingwell memed :^
Hitler was an innocent boy at some pointSo, you're saying the holocaust didn't happen?
cloud and information sharing
hitler did nothing wrong
Technology being used for social media. social media. Social media. Social media.I'm an old fart at 43 and grew just as 1200 baud modems and Alliance Teleconferencing were hot for messing with. the glory days of the bbs.. it was a social medium, but everyone involved were truly in love with the tech.now every tom, dick, and sally communicates using computers. advertising has ruined everything. it's no longer a hobby.it frustrates me seeing people live their lives to capture and present on social media instead of enjoying the moment. the pics of people recording a concert come to mind.pic unrelated.
4chan is social media, bro
oh god. also this. people using social media as an online diary with "subscribers". fuck that noise.
yes, but nope. I mean people using their real names and building an online persona. fuck- you already know what I mean.
social media sux!better post about it on 4chan and discuss it with other anons!
this.
b...b....but this is different!
im almost as old as you and my first modem was a 2400baud supra that took 1 hour to download 1.44MB onto a 3 1/4"  and I agree with everything you say   +1  LIKE  SHARE
ironic hipstergreen textsarcasmwhatevs my child
Social media definitively affected software development.
Mark Zuckerberg likes this post.
he is right.
yeah. made it a retarded UI fuckfest.
Social media, touchpads, jewgle, and cheap smart phones.
becoming mainstream
4chan is indeed social. in the context that ruined the Internet, we refer to the sites that people use their real names and generally show their good side.
What do you refer to when you say technology?
technology, I presume
The same way wikipedia is a social media.
only severely autistic people make wikipedia accounts
where do you think you are dude? don't play the normal fag here. Specially not on /g/
4chan "autism" and wikipedia autism are completely different
He doesn't remember the glory days of 200 baud modems, 5 1/2" floppies, and tiered storage with bulk data on magnetic tapes and important programs on the hard drive

le over 9000 memeXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDdddddd
went to a user group meeting when I had my 300/1200 Hayes and some old dude was complaining about people with auto-dial modems like me.. haha. old fart. little did he know EVERYBODY would have an auto-dial modem soon.but yeah.. the only thing that went wrong that  bugs me the most is social media.and I'm not even a complete outcast.. I have 60 friends on facebook! each and every one I've spent more than 120 hours hanging out.. meaning they are people I know.I see friends with 700 "friends" and I know they are not Friends. Rolodex missed out on something.
Bazinga!
Thats a screen shot from a Rand Paul post, the le over 9000 is purely coincidence
he didnt mentioning cheating to the next game level by pressing PLAY and not rewinding the game cassette at the game over screen
Mongolian EmpireNo, really. Easily a 500 year setback. Sacked and destroyed a fuckton.
The Internet.
Only the shitskins anyway. The Mongolian Empire had no effect on the relevant parts of the world.
Programming paradigms.Before paradigms were invented, people just talked about language features.Paradigms are blinders that cause people to produce gimped languages.
The NSA
Microsoft and Apple switching places and rolesMicrosoft giving up on gaming to focus on consoles securing Steams throne and Windows 10 with the "gaming" features will be too far too late.
MUH GAMES/v/
This thread
paradigms enable features you crazy bastard
I edit wikipedia every so often. It's easier to edit and to track edits if I log in. If I do it wrong, they can complain to or block me instead of banning every IP or MAC address I use. When you attempt to help others, you might as well help them while you're helping them...
CAPTCHA.It was a good idea at the time make a challenge bots can't solve but it's been co-opted into 'train commercial botnets so we can make more money', and now services like pomf.se are blacklisted for not buying into the CAPTCHA con.
can anybody get atraci working in archlinux?$ atraci [3299:0608/221938:INFO:CONSOLE1] ""This module is meant to be used by cli. If you want to use ytdl programmatically, visit source: /tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/node_modules/ytdl/index.js 1ATTENTION: default value of option force_s3tc_enable overridden by environment.[3299:0608/221943:INFO:CONSOLE23] ""VIDEOJS:" {"message":"Failed to set the 'currentTime' property on 'HTMLMediaElement': The element's readyState is HAVE_NOTHING.","name":"InvalidStateError","code":11,"stack":"Error: Failed to set the 'currentTime' property on 'HTMLMediaElement': The element's readyState is HAVE_NOTHING.\n at Error native\n at t.Kd file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/vendor/video-js/video.js:105:92\n at V file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/vendor/video-js/video.js:59:80\n at t.currentTime file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/vendor/video-js/video.js:60:150\n at PlayTrack file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/app.js:1:8526\n at HTMLDivElement.\u003Canonymous\u003E file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/app.js:1:23765\n at HTMLDivElement.n.event.dispatch file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/vendor/jquery-2.1.1.min.js:3:6404\n at HTMLDivElement.r.handle file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/vendor/jquery-2.1.1.min.js:3:3179"} "Video is not ready. Video.js"", source: file:///tmp/.org.chromium.Chromium.ieSUpx/js/vendor/video-js/video.js 23
Explain to me what makes a computer "good"These are my specs please review HP ENVY 17 Leap Motion SE NB PC Pic related
Shameless self bump
17 inch laptopstill 1366x768
That resolution will never die.
, 
About fucking time they ditched the meme font.
...not that I care what the default is.
look at me guise, do I fit in yet‽it's called a typeface, you casual
San Francisco fontIf only.
THEY'RE THE SAMEFUCKINGTHING
ThisLucida Grande, Helvetica and San Francisco all look the same.
This is what being subject to Windows font rendering does to people.
Are you literally blind?Oh right, do they still get Arial by default on Bootstrap-based websites?
Wow, what an earth shattering difference.
Dick, I use both iOS and OS X. Stop being a blind fanboy.

any other comparison images? i see literally no difference.
What are the differences? Describe them to me.
applefags think this is actually importantBesides, if you used a real OS you could change the fonts yourself.Yet another pointless thread. Why the fuck do I keep coming here?
The commas, zeros and fours are all slightly different. Might need to zoom in on the image to see the difference though.
Well, obviously they are different. They are different fonts. However, the differences are very minimal that many will not even see the difference. Praising one over the other is stupid. I prefer Avenir.
hahaha oh wow
it look less fat with smother curves and edgier linesthe difference is clear is some numbers as well in some characters like G, j, i
windows font rendering applies to imagesThey look the fucking same. Anyone who praises Apple for moving from Helvetica to SF is a pleb trying to disguise themselves.It's a branding move, nothing more. They're an American company, they want an American font.
this is what /g/ concerns itself with now
right, better go back to posting about anime wallpapers and feminist frequency
New keyboard switches between upper and lowercase key caps Switches between upper and lowercase key caps Upper and lowercase key capsAww man, the innovation
Look at the zeros. San Fran's is taller and uglier. Helvetica is what it is because it's inarguably superior. This is a "we're Apple so we should use Apple fonts exclusively" move.
the new keyboard switches between upper and lowercase keycaps, depending on the position of the shift keywhat was it doing before?
Right? Although it does annoy me; the gf and kids have iPhones and iPads, and the keyboard being uppercase fisher price letters all the time just confuses and infuriates me. The first time I used one I spent way too long pressing shift before I realised what the deal was.
Helvetica is superior
Or because they don't own Helvetica Neue and therefore have to pay royalties to the people who do?
It was always caps.
Nothing
I'm not even surprised
ITT: People who have never touched an iPhone. The lockscreen clock has a dot, not a colon.Get the fuck out
There is practically no difference.No appreciable difference.Apple mantra: do minimum possible, get praised.
Helvetica's short run has come to a close8 years is a short run?
Helvetica is love, Helvetica is life
Lucida Grande is still my favorite font.
Typographer reporting in. Compare and contras Akadenz Grotesk, Arial, and Helvetica. Then come back, with a better rebuttal.
typographerlacks basic spelling and grammar skillsokay then
Just because I misspelled one fucking word doesn't mean I understand design.Go ahead and tell me this sentence conveys what you mean.
Hey he just has to recognize the typeface of letters, not whether they make any sense.
can't even greentext properlyJust leave you fat shit.
Windows Phone user here, this was always a thing that annoyed me when using iOS devices. Glad they fixed that.
The new keyboard switches between upper and lower keycaps, depending on the position of the shift keyI got an iPhone from work recently and I was wondering why the hell this wasn't happening since I've had this "feature" on Android and Blackberry phones forever. What a piece of shit baby OS for clown people.
Who are you quoting?
8 years is a short run?Fucking this. Over those same eight years, Apple's size has exploded.By what measure is eight years a short run? Barely anything lasts eight years in tech.Eight years ago, all operating systems looked like absolute fucking shit, for Helvetica to be adopted all the way back then, and still be used, is pretty surprising.Not that it's actually gone, since San Fran is pretty much the same.
Hey typographer, what's a nice mincho font?
Either way is fine by me. I noticed the change during the keynote. Obviously, they did not mention it.
being this new
not him, butIf you honestly think the only use for greentext is hilarious meme stories, you're the new one here. Get the fuck out yourself.Calling strangers fat anonymously shows lack of confidence. Are you perhaps fat, yourself?Fuck off back to facebook and never come back.
If you don't browse in copperplate gothic then you're just not a cool dude and that's that
Hi newfriend!
I only deal with latin and greek alphabets
/g/ should have more font threads so that people like you don't make stupid decisions
implying that's what I honestly think
Holy shit, I went through a phase of using this font everywhere years ago. I blame Hitman 2.
It makes the internet a much more dramatic and exciting place
I used it in titles for homework and shitI also used comic sans
is no appreciable difference to the common user. Only the most pedantic typography autists will care.Arial is a rip-off of Helvetica, Helvetica is a rip-off of Akzidenz Grotesk. Who gives a shit.Like always, Apple rips off everyone and claims innovation.
Apple actually implying that San Francisco isn't a cancer on society
Helvetica is a rip-off of Akzidenz Groteskheh
I don't see any difference
That's the joke
You're a cunt
no
Yes
Not changing the css to Tradewinds or Papyrus, and then using a paypurus-like background.It's like you want to ruin your immersion.
Helvetica Neue's short run. Which was 2 years, 1 year on OSX.Helvetica still remains king of every font, but it has no place on a mobile device.
How do I go about changing my font in Chrome?
They literally ripped off Roboto, holy shit.
Akzidenz-Grotesk, date released: 1896Helvetica, date released: 19570/10
I'm going to tell my father about this. He's a graphic designer for a publishing company and he finds copperplate hilarious.
The license restrictions for San Francisco font are absurd.
Just take the font, make some very minor changes to it, call it something else and there you go.
They look exactly the same.
That conflicts with article C of the license agreement, reverse engineering.
It may also violate article D: "No fun allowed."
Or just take Roboto, very identical and free Apache license 2.0.
He sounds like a cool guy, you should bring him here so we can talk about how it's the most rad font for cool dudes.It's like everything you read is engraved in lead
it's called a typeface, you casualOr font family, or font for short.Calm your autism. I think most people would call Arial 300 the same font as Arial 600.
exactly the samePic related with adjusted kerning so Helvetica Neue fits in same frame as San Fran
They can't prove that.
oh no, now what will Hot Topic do with all their Helvetica merchandise?
It's always been like this man.
Only difference is horizontally squished with fucked kerningmeme the font
Capital letters have more of a difference.Q and R noticeably different.
we changed the width of some characters!And the lower case a has a tiny change to the bottom of the stalk.
Apple users will still buy it because it will now be hipster.i liked apple fonts before they changed to sanfran
This is not an official apple iWatch.reported
iWatchtopkekKind of disappointed that no one else in the thread stepped up to do it.
You didn't even notice G.
The most easiest to spot is the R, hands down. Helvetica has a curved juncture there, for no fucking reason.
Literally Akzidenz-Grotesk's capital R and Arial's capital G.
I use a 27" 2014 iMac at work. Font rendering looks a lot better for me on my PC with windows at home.
introduce tiny, tiny changelots of fanfare from news outlets and lots of press releasespopulation goes ABOUT TIME GAWDDid they INTENTIONALLY craft a perfect metaphor for the Apple product cycle? That's some next level hubris.
G is completely missing the down bar. How is that not immediately noticeable?
Who gives a shit? The Helvetica Neue used in Yosemite is bland looking anyway, and San Francisco kinda sorta helps that a bit, though not much. I'd just as soon they go back to the old font anyway.
tiny changeEveryone who designs shit is sick of seeing Helvetica everywhere.Everyone who designs shit is sick of seeing people copy Apple who used to use Helvetica everywhere, along with Myriad Pro and Lucida Grande.It's a pretty big change.Because I'm used to looking at the usual suspects. The letter G is used less frequently than the letter R. My eye immediately gravitates towards the more frequently used one.
not knowing that you can use terminal commands to load Lucida Grande again
It's a pretty big change.To something that is basically Helvetica with slightly broader examples of some characters.
I know I can do it. I've thought about it more than once.
It's a pretty big change.If they hadn't said anything you wouldn't have even noticed.
they didn't say anything.
You must really like Diablo.
Is there anyone that doesn't like Diablo?
Everyone who designs shit is sick of seeing Helvetica everywhere.Everyone who designs shit is sick of seeing people copy Apple who used to use Helvetica everywhere, along with Myriad Pro and Lucida Grande.So instead it will be the next closest font to SanFran they can use unless they can license SanFran itself.The cults will follow.
How does Lucida Grande look in Yosemite?  Can you provide a screenshot?
You can't steal our stolen stuffClassic Apple.
No one notices that the emperor is naked any more.They are the same. If there are any differences, they are too minor to be noticeable.
Game, set and match, anon.
San Franisconot Myriad ProI know it's more condensed and all but Myriad is a GOAT sans-serif
I don't like Diablo III. Diablo II is where my heart lies.
tiny difference between small-letter atiny difference between Q and RThe two fonts are roughly 95% the same. The other 5% is only slightly different. This proves how innovative and inventive Apple is.D3 improved a lot with RoS and the latest patches.
I can't do it bro, also the 0 looks wider, more like an O than on Helvetica.
Aside from the zeros, they look exactly the same to me.
I still use Times New Roman.Get fucked newfags.
the 0 looks wider, more like an O than on Helvetica.A clear demonstration of how COMPLETELY DIFFERENT these two fonts are. We are literally comparing literal apples and literal oranges here. Thank the heavens that Apple has FINALLY retired that old and battered Helvetica ew! font, and given the adoring masses something COMPLETELY new and different!
Only Apple could do something this brave.  Leading the way in the tech industry yet again.
I for one welcome our wider zero overlords, I hope they enslave you and make you gargle your own piss as you mine cheaper knock off Android phone fonts.
Will this have any benefits for people who aren't autistic? :^
Worrying about the fontMaking everyone use a standard Apple fontThink Different c TM rIt doesn't fucking matter, choose the font you like the best.
Arial.
Well I meanThe G is different, it doesn't have a down thingif you can't understand the ramifications of that then maybe YOU'RE the autist here

Myriad is pretty much owned by Adobe as their primary typeface now.
Anybody have El Capitan beta now?Would some gracious Anon upload the San Fran System Font to Dropbox or Google Drive?
Anyone knows where I can find a copy of San Francisco? Does it have a mono variant yet?
San Francisco, Chicago, New York, Geneva, Cairo etc fonts all include in the original Mac from 1984 right??
Is that labeled incorrectly? Pretty sure the left is the new font.
The font's been online for half a year
Is TorrentBytes dead? The captcha on the signup page is not working at all
Fuck off, Roboto is awful.
Improbable.
I'm desperate for help.. How can I extract the value from an Object and put it into a String?Object a... String d = String.valueOfa;that among what seems to be hundreds of other attempts failed. I just want to move on already! Thanks!
Sorry. I forgot to mention I'm using java.
Hey guys i need helphow do i do a generic thing in an unspecified language?
a.toString
that just gives me this crap[Ljava.lang.String;@62135133I want the actual value.. in this case: 5
this is an xxy question, what are you actually trying to do
setters and getters, son
Hey /g/ I don't go here often, but I've got some relationship advice to ask.So I've been dating this grill, and she's great. She's pretty, enjoys my dark humour, actually likes me for who I am, smart.The problem? She like apple products. She has an iphone, ipad and mac book pro. I've met her family been to their house and they all have macs and apple products.So what do I do? Do I keep dating her despite that, or should I just end it?
If you can't date someone because of a specific product brand, you're got something fucking wrong with your head.
I suggest talking to someone to see if you can get your autism treated.
but it's apple.....
Are you 12?
youre a moron
/v/
Don't give up! There are resources available to you and medication that can help the autism! 
that is literally pathetic.
all these niggers taking OP seriouslyit's a shitposting thread, morons
Ask if she has any trappy friends.They're usually self-builders.
This is what happens when you date 3dpd.
Do you hate Apple becausemuh, muh gaymenor becuasemuh, muh FOSS POSIX?If it's the former, please leave, if it's the latter then sit her down and have a nice long talk about software ethics and tell her you're leaving if she doesn't exclusively use the Leemote you'll buy her.
copypasta.
Are they well off?
Alright, here is your reply, before others start flooding the thread with post about autism, which you have.I dated a girl a few month ago that was only into Apple products. She would always upgrade to the new iPhone every other year and she had an Macbook Air.   The topic of iPhone vs Android eventually came up and after a lengthy discussion we came to the conclusion that i'm am not Apple's target demographic and you should use whatever suits your need the best. I want customization and phone that doesn't brake on the first drop because i am a clumsy bastard. She wants a phone that fits her small hands nicely and does what she wants it to do without any tinkering. In the end i could still date her despite our disagreement in the superior shafting by modern phone companies. Besides, she gave great head.
datingEEEEWWWWWW
what really counts in life are those little everyday thingsthe sooneer you dump her, the better
Dude, love and trust should transcend consumerism and petty brand-name squabbles.
Look.Don't say anything about it.But if she asks, just point out specifically where she's wrong and why./g/ apple flamewars are usually petty and meaningless unless someone can cite something.But citing usually requires restricting the argument to a niche case. Take this thread for instance.systematic breakdown of why the Mac Pro is bad relative to other workstations. But it's restricted to a commentary about hardware and software limitations.TL;DR: Ignore it unless she starts making specific, refutable claims, then craft a well-cited counterargument.
You don't deserve to interact with other humans.
This.
FOSS POSIXThere is no FOSS and POSIX certificated OS.
Yeah, dump her. You're clearly too autistic for actual human interaction. Might as well just get the whole thing over sooner.
OP didn't give us much details but there are some people who spend all of their money to keep up appearances.
a computer saleswoman told me that a kid made his dad buy a $3000 mac to play a game and it couldn't run it
What was so great about it
/adv/Ftfy
I will never understand why people demand for FOSS or FLOSS when OSS is the only important part of it, a lot of their stuff is OSS and I'm pretty sure they adhere to some POSIX on Unix standard in their desktop OS.also don't get why people have a stigma for games when it's just another hobby, do you criticize people that like sports, movies, books, etc? People act like growing up means changing hobbies, oh no I can't play board games anymore that's for kids, can't play video games anymore that's for kids, makes no sense to me, literally "stop liking what I don't like".
Copypasta bait thread
when OSS is the only important part ofBut that's fucking wrong. Why should I even bother changing the source code when I'm note allowed to share my enhancements?
Nuke the entire family from orbit, it's the only way to be sure
Why should I even bother changing the source code when I'm note allowed to share my enhancements?That's kind of a dumb question, I can't answer it since it pertains to your situation and the software in question, usually people change software for specific reasons and usually for themselves, sharing it comes after. Not to mention nothing prevents you from sharing changes, no matter what you can always create and distribute patch files, the only thing you can't do and this is only if the license prohibits it is redistribute an entire copy of the project which doesn't matter since it's OSS and anyone can obtain it, with systems like ports macports, FreeBSD ports, pkg-src, Gentoo ports, arch build system, et al. it doesn't matter anyway since they do just that automaticallyfetch sourcefetch patchesapplycompile
CIS associates with Net+, CCNA and some linux cert.What can I realistically expect after I get my degree in terms of job opportunities and pay? I know you need experience to truly break it into IT so I'm going to be looking for any help-desk job while I work towards my AA to better my prospects.
Who is this peepee teepee?
lower right
Christine Hanson.
Why has Nvidia not released a fix for control panel not saving digital vibrance settings after restart?
my friend works there i'll ask him tomorrow
Because they know autistic people that think that placebo actually does something won't mind turning it on every time.
digital vibrancewhy would you use this
this is a bug i have been dealing with at least two years
adds better colors, too retarded to calibrate TV

Craft a program to simulate this problem, and format it in such a way as to make it easy for a beginner to the language to understand what's going on
just do a google search for "Monty Hall problem"
Craft a thread to simulate tricking a community into doing your homework for you in a way that they can palm it off as their own
Why not pick a license that requires giving credit anon
When you have no way to enforce the law the law becomes meaningless.
Man, thanks op this is some throwback bait.
Is it wise to get a pc right now? Ive been on a shitty pentium 4 for years now and was going to get a mid range i5 rig and possibly get a good gpu in a 2-3 months depending if i had the time for gaming since im also starting a 9 to 5. Considering all this is it better to wait for skylake desktops? What kind of prices will i be looking at in the i5 processors and performance?
Anyone?
Last good bump was sandybridge anon silcon is reaching the level of tedious R&D where the gains a rnt worth the work put in,because of minimal rewards get in and cruise control for the next Gen non silicon cpu
Skylake a shit. Get yourself a 4690k and welcome yourself to this century
Not gonna overclock so a locked chipvis what i'll get
I was just wondering if waiting a few months i could get a slightly better set up with better integrated graphics even for the same price point? Or is it going to cost way more?
just grab a cheap i5, an r9 270, cheap mobo, 1 stick of 8gb ram, 500w psu, cheapest case possible. use USB stick to install windows. easy under $700 build.
Yeah thats what im gonna do today save the gpu since in my shit 3rd world country gpus are a little higher priced so im gonna save up a bit and get a decent one
Skylake U & H should be out by October. I recommend waiting.
pentium 4You can find better in a dumpster.
/g/ reporting inWhat is your budget and what exactly do you want out of your computerie.I want to play Dota and Counter strike, and dabble in some new gamesorI want to play all the new games coming outorI want to play new games but I don't care about visuals, I just want them to run
2015pentium 4who brought this trash in from the dump
Where did OP go
that's no joke.
feel like buying a GoProstart imagining what I'd recordI don't surfI don't climb mountainsdon't even travel that oftenrealized that I have nothing to recordrealized how boring my life is
Boring life still has photographic subjects. Take photographs.But how many videos of unskilled people doing sports have you recently watched?
doesn't wear a helmet with helmet cam while browsing 4chan
Get one for your dog.
Let's seeWide angle battle station photosEver wanted to see what's at the bottom of that lake? remember to tie string to itGeneral purpose water proof cameraOutdoor time lapse photosPut it on your carPut it on an RC plane, and crash it with no survivors
Eh, I have a GoPro. Gets the most use on my AP quadcopter, but its great for skiing and riding too.If you don't have anything to film, go do shit. Get outside, learn to ski, hire/build a performance car and do a few laps, try mountain biking, go for a diving cert.. Just have a go and use one to film your adventures.

Use as dash cam or get a dash cam instead?Lots of shit happens driving around.
GoPros are overpriced.If you're not sure about it, you're better off buying a chinese action cam instead. They can be quite good, actually.
So... GO OUT SIDE YOU RETARDED FUCKWIT.Fucking shit. Such problems.
Hey, /g/. My Asus dual-core i7 laptop's Nvidia chip died, and I have to send it in, and due to having other issues with the laptop, such as shitty touchpad, awful Linux support, bad battery life, and shoddy network connectivity, I've been thinking about buying a Thinkpad.Based on hardware, I've decided the T420 model would be a good choice, due to the sandy bridge i5 and 4gb of RAM standard, along with the build quality of Thinkpads in general.Do any of you /g/urus have this laptop? I have found multiple ebay listings for $150 or less for this model, and so I was wondering, in YOUR opinion, is this model still relatively snappy for regular use? I don't plan on gaming on it save for just simple 2D games or something, if that. Just looking for other user's opinions on the value, as it's still an i5, although Sandy Bridge.So, for anyone who owns this laptop, could you give your input for these factors:1. Speed of the hardware compared to a modern ~$300 laptop2. Heat output3. Battery life on Windows vs. GNU/Linux4. Durability/reliabilityI just want a reliable laptop that isn't "slow", per se, and has great battery life 6+ hours. For ~$130 it doesn't seem to be a bad deal. What do you think? Any input is appreciated.
yeah i have it... i bought one for $142 a few months ago and it's great!  my only complain is the shitty lcd... particular the aspect ratio 16:9.
Got one with battery and cable off Ebay some-odd months back, no OSBest laptop I've ever had.It was 190 US
I love my T500. T9400, 4GB RAM, can play 1080p video, maintain enough tabs in Firefox to shop around for rare jap shit at the same time as cross-board shitposting on 4chan and playing shitty youtubecore music, and run VNs with WINE, under a GNOME desktop, all for $85 at auction. What more do I need it to do?
i have my windows key i just need to know where i can get a windows 8.1 .iso can /g/ please help
File Name: en_windows_8.1_with_update_x64_dvd_6051480.isoLanguages: EnglishSHA1: A8B5DF0B0816280AE18017BC4B119C77B6C6EB79
Thank you so much
i don't know how this helps though
the tool and it will download the iso for you.
ok thanks for the help
r/microsoftsoftwareswapredditlook in the sidebar for your versions download linkyou're welcome
google this torrent - en_windows_8.1_enterprise_with_update_x64_dvd_4065178
, 
Gum confirmed botnetare you working hard enough to protect your privacy?
I don't have to, privacy laws in my country would come down pretty hard on shit like that. Even police aren't allowed to use DNA for anything but matching, facial visualisation is out of the question.
not being allowed tostopping anyone, especially a non transparent organization Why do we push for better laws and not better transparency?
tfw gum doesn't respect my freedom
recreate the full make up of a persons face from saliva DNAI didn't know modern science was even close to doing this yet.
it's not
It hasn't.DNA sequences will give us the details like eye, hair, and skin color. The rest is just the "artist" approximating what he thinks the person who chewed gum looked like.
So it's fucking nothing then.I'm talking about scientific capability, not legal restriction.
Country?
popsciEven if you could "virtually" clone someone into adulthood by a DNA sequence, you're still vastly underestimating the influence of environment.
not licensing your DNA under the GFDLWhy do you hate freedom?
so now you can find out who did this to you and go beat the crap out of her.
Nowhere near it.  In theory, I could mash random base pairs into their "program" and get a random assortment of parts to show up on a human.
her, her!?triggered, check yourself cis
Bullshit. We do not understand human genetics well enough for this, and even if we did this process could not account for epigenetic factors. The best you could get is sex and eye, hair, and skin color.This is just sculpture with a fabricated backstory.
her, her!?triggered, check yourself cistriggered by triggered person, check yourself slut
you just activated my double trigger
you just pulled the trigger on my love gun
Shit my desk is all messy now
isn't there a huge suit in the works about ownership of DNA left from a person via saliva, hair and skin left over from daily activities?
Hey /g/uys i need some advice I have the following system:Z77 sabertooth i7 2600k @4.5GHz2x EVGA GTX680 2gb in SLi mode1920x1080 120hz asus 27in monitor 126gb MTcrucial SSD for OS only win 7 ultimatehitachi 3tb hdd @7200rpm 212 master cooler for cpu coolingIs there anything i can upgrade to this machine that will make it run any better? As of right now i have no issues playing any game at all with 60+ fps and was wondering  if it is worth making that upgrade to the 3770k ivy bridge since the 2600k apparently cant use the pci 3.0 on my gpu only the 2.0Would that even be of any use?money is no issue and if i get even a 5% Performance bump ill do it.but not if its going to literally give me 3fps for a 300$ upgradePic related.Muh faggot station
but not if its going to literally give me 3fps for a 300$ upgradeThats exactly what will happen
People with these kinds of setups know this little about computersPlease just kill me
win 7 ultimateUpgrade to 8.1
Dammit...  The 3.0 wouldnt do shit then?
upgrade your desk to wood
Look at this faggot thinking he is so smart... I just started you fucktard and in trying to learn. Either help or fuck off.Its not my fault i dont need mommy to buy me computer parts kid
I was thinking about it. But what wood would be both fancy and durable?
2600k to 3770k+0 FPS
Thanks guys.Looks like ill just build another one and donate this one to a friend or somethingThanks for all the help!
