, 
So, what do you guys use your home servers for? What isn't working as it should? BONUS: .conkyrcServer:UB 14.04.2 Yeah, I know, I'm thinking of debian. Went from 2x2TB raid 1 to KVM with daily external snapshots. HW is an old shuttle k45 that is still going strong.Hosting;mail: dovecot/postfix/fetchmailpersonal cloud/calendar across devices : owncloudKVM : sandbox, CAD lic server, windows boxWeb : ui for shutter closing/opening over x10 protocolCalibre: book server for ereaders etc...samba; file hosting transmission daemon; torrent download and host machine via above and belowdlna - multimedia streaming: minidlna fast! , ums transcodingboinc daemon : not wasting idle uptime, word community gridoctoprint; ultimaker 2 gui and monitoring uses easy zoneminder for videofeedminetest server; internal, for the kidsWhat's not working as I would like it to do;Sieve filter; when I add dovecot sieve to mailbox command in postfix main.cf, nothing happensminetest server: wont start via upstart have a openbox running over vnc, so I can manage server via termcontinue
continuedmy .conkyrc
The rest of my rack fittings arrived today, can't wait to get home and properly mount everything
i'm scared about windows becoming free. i mean, how are microsoft going to make money?i can understand os x being free because apple sells hardware. having a free os means that they sell more hardware and make more money. but microsoft doesn't sell much hardware.microsoft are going to start spying on users and data-mining. they are going to start bombarding users with advertisements. they are going to bundle all their adware into the operating system, like amazon suggestions. effectively, they are going to have to subvert any windows machine to make money. there's just no other way for them to make money by giving away their os for free.
windowsI'd just like to interject for a moment. What you’re referring to as Windows, is in fact, NSA/Windows, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, NSA plus Windows. Windows is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another expenseive component of a fully functioning Spy system made useful by the NSA core-spyware, reverse shell utilities and vital keylogging components comprising a full botnet as defined by Gen. J. Clapper.Many computer users run a modified version of the botnet system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of spyware which is widely used today is often called “Windows”, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the NSA system, developed by the NSA. There really is a Windows, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use.Windows is the cover: the program in the system that hides the spying resources from the other programs that you run. The cover is an essential part of a botnet, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete botnet. Windows is normally used in combination with the NSA spyware: the whole system is basically botnet with Windows added, or NSA/Windows. All the so-called “Windows” versions are really versions of NSA/Windows.
They are trying to sell more Xbox's and Windows phones by pushing their platform.And its not like you wont be paying for the license fee when you buy a new laptop in the next 6 years, its built into the OEM cost.
They're not gonna focus on advertisement, they're gonna focus on services, like they already do with exchange, office 365 and the windows store. Giving away windows 10 and providing windows for free on small tablets is part of that strategy.And considering the number of pirates windows copies out there, they're probably not even losing all that much money from home desktop users in the first place.
Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of spyware which is widely used today is often called “Windows”, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the NSA system, developed by the NSA. There really is a Windows, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use.
free
Microsoft makes a negligible amount of money from retail licensing. Most people get Windows with their PC and stick with that particular version until the PC dies or gets replaced.
expecting /g/ to objectively look at facts and do basic research before jumping to conclusions
Windows isn't free, they are only offering W10 free for existing users. There will be retail versions that cost as much as earlier versions of Windows.
Windows isn't going to be free the way Mavericks is.
Very few people buy Windows outright.Microsoft makes money from licensing Windows to OEMs and businesses, and that hasn't changed in quite some time. They also make a ton of money off of services, so they will continue to do that as well.Microsoft making Windows free is just MS acknowledging that nobody buys Windows individually in the first place.It is also following the general trend that all software is supposed to be free. What is most important is not the software anymore, it's the underlying web service that is powering it i.e. the cloud.
You know who buys those upgrade copies of Windows?FUCKING NOBODY.Effectively all Windows sales come from normies buying new PCs at Best Goy, and businesses buying volume licenses.  There's a few copies from faggots who build their PCs but are too gay to pirate it too.
Why not both? Microsoft has no morals with that kind of shit when they know you won't leave no matter what they do. See: 60$ per year for an Xbox live subscription and there's still Doritos ads on the dashboard.
it is free. you're only paying for the usb flash drive. idiot.

Implying Microsoft makes any money from consumer licensesImplying 99% of Microsoft's revenue does not come from enterprise.
They aren't making it fucking free. It costs $119 for the home version and $199 for the pro version.UPGRADES ON ONE COMPUTER are free.
Why would anyone buy these when a copy of Windows 7 is $30?
$120 or $200 for a flash drive?what
he buys cheap quality flash drives
microsoft are going to start spying on users and data-mining.going to startgoing to
So Windows is so bloated that it needs a 120$ usb stick as an install medium? Amazing.
Because Microsoft doesn't sell Win7 any more. OEMs probably can't put it on new machines.
They do. For businesses. It's called a downgrade license. I know this, because I actually have a job, and the business world doesn't want the piece of shit that is windows 8 on their work machines.
Wait, where can you get it thap cheap?
Leddit.
The flash drive obviously causes mental retardation, Mail one to an enemy TODAY!
Well office is like 140$ for software that was completed 15 years ago
Windows 10 is freeExcept if you don't have a licensed copy on your PC.Except if you want to upgrade more than one PC which has the same license.Except if you use a volume license, which are what microsoft makes the most money whichExcept if you're using the enterprise version.Except if you're using the embedded version.Except if you're upgrading to a new main board.
Microsoft makes more money from patent trolling than they do from software licenses.
If you have a laptop made in the last 7 years, it's free.
paying for pirated stuffWhat's the point of paying if you can't get a legit one?

reading a "techie blog"kill u're selve.
for that laptop

It's a REALLY nice flashdrive
shitposting on a techie image board.kill ur selvz
Microsoft makes money from Windows Phone?
app store payments, advertising revenue through bing ads, same way as android and iOS
No, their plan failed.
nvm article is from 2011
Windows has always been free
have a windows 8.1 volume versionnot elegible to upgradeWell, at least 10 isn't that different from 8.1, right?right?

It's not.
Who started this meme about it being free?It's a free upgradeAny new motherboard or computer you will have to buy windows again the way it has always been. It's not that fucking hard to understand.
Did you even read the OP? The first point is already happening, the other ones are bound to follow.
[CITATION NEEDED]
looks like they wanted a lot more.
has windows 10 features which would warrant an upgradenoread the opwat
microsoft is wanting to now become a service company. charge you monthly for random shit.look at office. for the new mac version that just came out, you can only get it as office 365. you can't buy a full, stand alone copy until sometime September.they want people to start buying monthly "services." $5 a month for this, $10 a month for that.Windows 10 has a lot of botness. Most botness out of any version of windows to date. You can disable it all, well the known, known shit, but your average user won't know how. There will be A LOT of user info rolling in that they can sell to advertisers. And with the push for microsoft based accounts, it gets to insane levels. That and microsoft accounts tie in to windows store purchases since most people will feel inclined to buy shit from store, and buy microsoft services since things like office 365 links to your microsoft account.unlike apple, microsoft can't really get into the whole hardware business, which they are trying ridiculously hard to get into. secure boot helps prove this.so they are going full steam ahead into the services / ad sector, which so far is being very profitable for microsoft. charge you monthly for lame shit and spy on you like facebook.
They are trying to unify their OS so that their app store gets more exposure. It will also simplify how updates are done so they don't have to put as much effort into 7 or 8.1 as the majority of the user base will migrate to 10.
You will have to buy Win11 Pro Version even if you have Win10 Pro version.Only Home version is "Free"
They're paying for official retail keys.
They sell their licences to organizations and schools. They make 100x there than normal users. They can afford it.
you can upgrade all your pcs for free, bruh.
Windows 10 is only free for upgrades from 7 and 8/8.1. They want to deal away with these old users to avoid another XP scenario.
how are microsoft going to make money heheahaeif it's free you are the product
Ok where can I get the Mavericks iso? I want to install it on my PC right now legally.
Not always true. Sometimes, free users are offset and subsidized by a paid tier of users that gain additional privileges. Dropbox, for instance, will give you 2GB of storage, no strings attached, and that service is funded by the people who pay $10/month for 1TB of storage. Additionally, the free service offered acts as a carrot to induce the user to buy other premium services.This is what Microsoft is doing. They're not selling Windows anymore, but they are selling OneDrive and Office365, they're probably taking a cut of sales from their app store, they're still selling professional support to enterprise customers.In addition to the above, they're helping reduce the fragmentation of their platform, and improve security across the board. Look how long IE6 persisted, and how bad it was, and tell me it wouldn't have been a good idea to give Windows away for free just to get people off of it.tl;dr Microsoft is transitioning to a SaaS model.
They arent making windows free they are giving certain windows users a free upgrade, the OS still costs a hundred dollarydoos for normies
i mean, how are microsoft going to make money?From businesses and system builders, like they do now.Microsoft hasn't made money from your average user for ever.
Well that's just simply wrong.
It's not free as in Freedom
It's only free for existing home users. Everyone else is still going to get jewed.
It's only free for existing home users. Everyone else is still going to get jewed.So paying for a product you're going to use is being jewed, got it.
paying $200 for some shit os is reasonableOkay, pal.
kek
You do understand how economics works, don't you?
Only version worth getting is the enterpise one that you can disable telemetrics as anons have already said
same way Google and Facebook make money: targeted ads based on harvested personal data
You don't understand how justice and fairness work.
You don't even understand how justice and fairness work either.
I understand those concepts far better than you and your jew friends do.
I highly doubt it. You wouldn't be talking about them like that, if you did.
Don't talk to me like that. You're clearly full of shit.
I know this is probably bait....but...A lot more of their money is in services and the Enterprise than you probably realize. Also, Office 365 is just the start of their new cloud platform.
Well if Windows 10 becomes hugely popular then so will the Windows Store and they get money for everything sold on that.And if the Windows 10 Store gets big, so will the Windows Phone 10 store and the last complaint against Windows Phone will go.And as other anons have said, companies are still going to manufacture new PCs and Microsoft gets money for everyone sold.Lastly, MS are getting money for every Android phone sold anyway through patent licensing.
WINDOWS IS NOT GOING TO BE FREE WINDOWS IS NOT GOING TO BE FREE
you're an idiot, microsoft is like adobe, they only care about squeezing the enterprise market. giving their home OS out for free an only increase their market share. plus it's not free, only upgrades from legit copies of windows are free.
It costs folks like you and me?
tfw have a licenced windows 7Serves you right, nerds. Have fun not being able to play The Witcher 4.
Witcher 3 is the last one.
underrated post
american problems
Uh, no?  If you have an actual serial e.g., not a key installed into the bios, you're fine.
student keys and discounted keys are still keys.
Do you think ill get a seperate Windows 10 keys besides the upgrade from my Windows 8 Dreamspark Student key?I could also get Windows 7. Does this mean Student MSDNAA/Dreamspak gets me 3 legit Windows 10 keys?Anybody know?
If you google search your e-mail address and it comes back with anything other than pic related, you're at risk.This is a public service announcement to make private any information that can be easily google searched.
This goes for gaming handles as well, although not as strictly. As long as the information can't be traced back to your email/real name/location.
nothing showed up for mine and i still get 100+ spam emails a dayfuck off
someone uses your e-mail address and full name on a deepweb site to try and get you in troublepolice do the once over on you to make sure
At risk of what?
comes up with nothing but some weird non-related other country stuff.All safe here. Same with my name.
tfw not autistic enough to work with languages
Opera runs 5 processes for a single open pageFirefox uses 750000kBChrome is a botnetIE: NopeWhat do?
Edge
1 Make your own browser2 Kill yourself
links2 is awesome
Chromium + uBlock
lynxdwbsurf
, 
, 
hey /g/, when was the last time you went outside?
yesterday
Like 10 minutes ago.  I also bike to work four days a week.
I only really come home to sleep eat and post on 4chan I am usually away
As far as being outside, like an hour ago.As far as being in nature, last weekend I climbed Captain Mountain.
Just get back from the outside, why asking lad?
Yesterday. Buying food.
about 9 hours ago
Yesterday, went to see the new TERMINATOR
last night
curiosity
much more interesting: when did you last get strange?Last friday for me. fitness model. it was pretty amazing. she didn't like it tho, definitely did not come close to finishing.
Last Monday.I had to get groceries.If OP means by in nature, at least 10 years ago.  There's nothing of value outside cities imo.
Yesterday, I think I left to play some Ingress and get some fresh air.
when did you last get strange?You gotta be kidding me, right?
this morning, in the shower, with my SO
NEET with social anxiety here. Yesterday morning @ 5AM. Also I'm about to go outside in 6 hours. I go outside at 5AM for my morning jog. Cause thats when no one's outside. tfw you'll always be a slave to sun
yeah, i just haven't really told enough people yet. last time before that was like a month, before that was like, six months.SO probably isn't strange... unless you mean you were with them and also strange.
6 years.
strangestop saying that
Today, went to walk my brothers dog then went to get some groceries. I start college soon but I'm already freaking the fuck out about it so I might drop out and become neet
my apologies, I don't get out much
this
Leave the kid alone, he's trying to impress other anons.
That's pretty good.
Wow being outside is probably the healthiest thing you can do. Especially outside in real nature.Went camping for 5 days a week ago up in Georgian bay area Ontario. Shit was great, air felt so clean, enjoyed reading outside, eyes off of a screen for a while. Coming back to the city, air is so thick and shitty, subway smells like shit. Fuck the city. People who spend more time in nature are like 20-40% healthier than those who don't. I know this is a technology board but as Humans we can't forget where we truly belong.
Yesterday, but yesterday was an hour ago
ok. not trying to make yall feel bad, just:damn right! skeet skeetI didn't think I'd ever have a normal sex life, but I'm almost there, and you can to!This week, I found a girl that I actually LIKE. I hate 99% of human beings, male or female. So I'm going to cling like dingleberries after 1000 burritos without showering
Like 20 minutes ago to get "medicine".
Sounds like how I feel, I've only ever liked a select few people.
was it weed
 Coming back to the city, air is so thick and shitty, subway smells like shit. Fuck the city. Beh, it's not too bad. as Humans we can't forget where we truly belongObviously, cities. It's where the population density is biggest, showing that we most thrive there.
People who spend more time in nature are like 20-40% healthiersounds like a statistic you made up on the spot. but i'd be willing to bet that people with better access to medical facilities live longer than those who live in remote communities.
Probably feels that way to him because he's US citizen and there is a much decreased number of overweight and obese people on hiking trails and actually living on mountains.
Not made up, saw it on some info board at the parks visitor center. The problem isn't just not being outside its also not being active enough. Kids today sit on their little iPod and play games all day while kids 50 years ago would run around all day.Sure you can live longer hooked up to some machine in a hospital. Smaller cities aren't too bad in terms of air pollution. The bigger the city the worse the smog. Ex, Beijing.I do like the city for the millions of stuff that you can do there and how it is a center of cultural and technological development.However in the city our biological clocks get warped with shit sleeping schedules and we become less active compared to when we lived in rural areas. Though I'm willing to bet humans evolve to fit the city more and more. Who knows if it will be good though, don't want to end up like the fatshits from WallE.
More like suburbs and rural areas causing the less activity thing by encouraging people to drive anywhere and everywhere.  Driving would be an expensive pain in the ass in any decently sized city.
There's nothing of value outside cities Get a load of this guy.
Never.
Just then took the dog for a walk for an hour
few months ago the first and last time i'll probably ever get laid
do you work out at least?
a bunch of trees and bushesWhat am I supposed to do, rub my balls on them?Meanwhile in cities:air conditioning & heatingwifi everywhere,  high speed internet at home, plenty of mobile data servicehundreds of options for foodthousands of options for shit to do besides rubbing your balls on bushes
Idk? enjoying the outdoors, taking a sec to actually appreciate the beautiful earth around you, you don't know what you'll find man. I've learned the appreciate it a lot more recently.
Here, I just made this webm for you. With both boys/girls and from 90s to current.
go hikingbs with friendsgo 10 miles in what seems 5 minutes
I havent opened my curtains and seen the outside world or sunlight since april 2nd. I have a lot of food so I can go without contact for long times but ive been out for 2 days now. But I don't want to go back out there.
But hiking sounds awful.  I'm skinny and out of shape, outside is too sunny, there's unwanted insect life, etc.Amazon prime pantry?
What am I supposed to do, rub my balls on them?lmao
But hiking sounds awful.  I'm skinny and out of shape, outside is too sunny, there's unwanted insect life, etc.nigga I'm obscenely overweight and I go hiking all the timea little sweat never hurt anyone
I don't deal with heat very well.Also sunburns definitely do hurt, and insects give you diseases.
Today for uni
Suck my ass you pussy bitch. Stay inside and rot away for all we care. You wouldn't be such a faggot if you went outside more as a kid. I don't give two shits about your excuses.Those bushes need to be rubbed by your faggot balls.
Yup, it's a widespread problem.No USA-Italy-Spain tier =30% coloring, though.Makes me suspect that this is supposed to make the USA, Italy or Spain look better, but they're actually in the logical next step up on 30-40%... maybe even soon in 40-50%?
Also, as you can see here, in the overall overweight epidemic, the USA only really is beaten by some small islands.I guess a bunch of bigger nations might catch up in 10-20 years if their trend continues - but really, I think you're probably making history.
FUCK YOU YOU PEACE OF SHITKILL YOURSELF
Wednesday. Going out today since it's Friday.
Yesterday. Went out to see a movie with a friend.
3500 calories = 1lbDamn humans are so efficient
Last night, went out for sushi and saw jurassic world.
YesterdayI had a class
normie get out
2 days ago. I have a fucking pilonidal cyst making it near impossible to walk or sit, been laying in bed for nearly 24 hrs.
April 7
Yesterday, went to a restaurant and then to the cinema and watched Ted 2 with my girlfriend of 6 years. I'm the rich guy from Norway that bought 8 GPUs in the past 7 months. Also, my new Classifieds arrived yesterday.
Yesterday, when I did some yard work with my father.
A couple of hours ago, that's how I got to work.
I went outside two days ago and got sunburn.I'm not making the same mistake again.
4-5hrs ago, I go for a wlk with my mother every morning at 5am mile or two depending on weather
Few mins ago went to walk my dog
why doesnt he just grow a moustache to connect itthat style looks so stupid
2 and a half days ago
Last night, I went out with a few friends. I got so fucking high, just like on Tuesday and Sunday. I still kinda cant believe Im a piece of shit stoner. On Saturday Im gonna smoke with my classmate. Fuck every faggot who thinks Im not a robot
freindsrobotpick one norman
7 days ago.I am quite unwell, got a lot of 'work' done though.
Daily reminder:
I'm pretty normal so not that long ago 2 hours. Not that I don't engage in NEET lifestyle from time to time.
What is worth most today?A CS degree or a degree from a dev bootcamp like these:
The only reason I would ever consider hiring someone from a bootcamp over somone with a CS degree is when:a I know that the university is shitb the person from the bootcamp has done quite a few successful projects before and the CS person doesn't
, 
$120
thinks thats a lot of money
It is when it is for literally fucking nothing of value.
I bet you have Diamond Ethernet cables.
i only use macs and that price is absurd quit being a shill
ITT poor people
i am rich, that means i will buy the most expensive of everything even if there is no benefit
And?Never needed to buy one because I know how to take care of cables.
Oh, you're another wealthy and well fed individual just like me? We should meet someday at Starbucks my friend.
$120 for a fucking charger is retarded even if you are rich
Most of /g/ users right now.Muh iphones eats your andriodsArhhhhhhhhhh
U S ASA
Yeah, 120 Australian Dollaroos.Freedom Dollars
1.5 stars on their own site
i am laughing in response to this image
Even looking good on the claw of a pig.
whymuslimsdoesnteatpork.jpg
I'm pretty sure everyone who buys that has a broken adapter, that's why they're angry and leave 1 star reviews.
/wt/ would have a fit about how tight that is.
I thought the magnetic connection would solve the problem with my previous Powerbook cord fraying. It didn't. 18 months, and I'm having to wiggle the cord around to get power.2015still have fraying cablesfuck. I mean.... fuck. 200 billion in cash and they still have that problem. incredible.
not realising how miserable it is to be rich and always craving more more moreyou aint ever getting into heaven kiddo
, 
, 
, 
What are you working on?Previous: 
Right now I'm working on the camera ready version for a paper we got accepted for LCN.I'd rather be programming :
#include stdio.hint main                                                {    if    image == naruto                                                {        puts        "Please kill yourself!"        ;                                                }    else if    image == anime                                                {        puts        "Thank you for using an anime image!"        ;                                                }    else                                                {        puts                                                        "Please use an anime image next time!"        ;                                                }    return    0    ;                                                }
Daily reminder to add the following to your filters:/^!!iKAOOMgDX6E$/;stub:no;
Wouldn't it beT[] x = new T[20];?
can still use collectionsusing generics in the first place
D;static T void assFuck{        T x[] = new T[20];    }you can't use generic arrays in java
how do i google
T x[]that's not how you declare an array in java regardless of type, dickwart
wait it's valid but T[] x is the common practice
once again c++ is superiortemplatetypename Tvoid x{ T x[20]; }not using the c++ format
std::arrayT, 20 x{};
initializing 20 instances of TIf you're using sepples, you should use an STL container like std::array.

Who the fuck cares?

Which would, again, initialize 20 instances of T.
Oops, meant vector. Read the post above mine while typing and got distracted.
spend two 2 days rewriting my thingit's noticeably slower and the old version just seems all around better
unstructured monkey patchingNext time you refactor, sit down and think and plan before just hacking away.
so was shin uchiha the threat that kaguya was preparing for?
Isn't this the point of a fucking array?
I suppose you could create a vector and reserve20, but honestly why would you create a data structure for n elements without initializing and using them?
Because a generic type can be anything, even composite types. Why would you call the default constructor and then later call the assignment constructor on all n elements?See above
It is. I'm merely pointing out to him that his complaints against a C-style array apply equally to the std::array. It's how RAII works.
template typename Tvoid x{    std::tupleT, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T, T x;}get good faggot
i want to kill myself
Then you have everything to live for.
then do it already and stop shitposting faggot
look at this grill 
whyit only reminds me that i'll never be a real girl
Friendly reminder that this is what people who use haskell actually look like.
lel i'd rate him 2/10, he's probably a virgin too
Whats the point of naruto as main image?To stop the anime girl posters?
What? Last I checked Naruto was anime so it's probably yet another weeb agenda.
Not sure if trolling or not.Think Windows vs Apple, Nvidia vs AMD, Naruto vs Anime Girls
nurutuplease kill yourself
reposting from last thread because no answer: I know this is a stupid question, buuuutI'm working through c++ primer 5th edition not plus and am having a really hard time understanding the chapter on classes. Pretty much everything they are saying is going over my head and I cant even begin to solve the problems so I check this github resource that has all the answers.my question is: should I keep plugging away on this trying to learn the classes and hope something clicks? Or turn to a different material to learn the classes and then come back to this chapter.
C++ Primer is not a good book for understanding object-oriented programming TBF.
the world is now your oyster
Man I hate this anime.Post a HNK or GIS or Akira or some Ghibli stuff. you will never have a dpt hnk crossover image with kenshiro saying: you are already working.That said. I want to build sokoban in java.In a month.With about 2-3 hours everyday.Except the planning and mental revising which takes a bit more.Never touched a code, never did anything.Right now I am thinking what classes I might need and how I should start and what every class needs to be.But I have anxiety while thinking about programming.How do you get over the anxiety that induces procrastination?
, 
I'm trying to upgrade from my super shitty Desire 510, and I have narrowed it down to these three phones see pic, My current budget is $150 $200 if ordering from Amazon since I have a $50 gift card I'd appreciate some help here, or some other choices.
You should considor the htc desire 816 amazing phone and only $150
I bought my parents the zenfone 2 4gb ram version. I don't like the screen, too dim. It suites them well. Oh, don't get it if you don't like bloat.
I probably should've mentioned that I"m looking for a GSM compatible phone, since I'm with Cricket.I've read about that, I typically keep my phone on the lowest brightness anyway, and I've seen some roms that I can use with the Zenfone, but that damned battery.
Thats Android 5.0s fault, Id say it should be good after the 5.1 update
Have zenfone 2.All is good except for speaker, it distorts sound when set to max volume which you should use for alarm/ringtone/notif.9V battery charger is fucking blazing fast.
But never save energy savings to orange-notifications, or alarm will not be able to wake phone.
That's dumb, can you customize that?What's the battery life like?
BLU phonePure garbage.Only decent option left is the Zenfone 2.
max volumewhich you should use for alarm/ringtone/notifAre you seriously TELLING people what volume they should use for their ringtones and notifications? How is that any of your business?Do you ever go out in public? Everyone hates people who have their ringtones/notifications super loud - they're oblivious, socially inept jackasses. Unless you're on the verge of being deaf, that's totally unnecessary.
I'm working on a budget and those were the only phones that I knew of that had a reliable background before I discovered the ZF 2.
accidentally leave phone on too loud on busLOUD AS FUCK Notification goes offNo one blinks an eyeI don't think anyone cares anymore, It only makes me wince when someone has some annoying ringtone.
reliableBLUKEK.
ZenFone 2 is by far the best option there and a legitimately good phone.
That's because you're on the bus - I know no one blinks an eye, but if I saw anyone other than some knuckle-dragging nignog do it I'd be surprised. You can tell when it's an accident though.Every fucking day I get to spend my commute home listening to those fucking gorillas stammer on and on talking to some other lowlife urchin about NOTHING. Seriously, how do they not bore each other to death? "HUHLOW... YE..... YE....... NAW I HAD GONE TO MICKDONALL ALREADY..... YE... NAW SHE CRAZY.... NAW HE CRAZY..... SSSSSSSHIIIIT TS TS TS TS TS TS"I literally fantasize about burying them alive in mass ditches on an almost daily basis.
I realize you're keeping it to $150, but if you can find a way to stretch it a bit, you can get a refurbished G2:an AT&T phone, so it will work on Cricket great I have the same phone on Cricket FWIW
I fucking hate those people, The worst offenders are those FUCKING LOUD BLACK GIRLS. THE WHOLE FUCKING BUS DOESN'T NEED TO HEAR YOU.
Yes, use lowest non-orange level.If you do, it lasts 1-2 days depending on screen time.Nothing drains battery better than screen.
You can get a Zenfone 2 for $200 on amazonWas on sale for $180 not long ago.. while G2's are great it's fairly dated and it's always nice to have a new device.
Nothing drains battery better than screen.One word, Ingress.
 No doubt, they're comparable phones. The only things the G2 would have going for it at this point would be a better display and smaller size if that's your thing.
back to /pol/
Thoughts on slightly updated firefox UI?As a desktop + tablet user I think bigger close buttons are useful with touch and darker theme looks more classy and consistent with w10 ui
using default firecuck UItop kek
le install gentoo!!==PP XDDkill yourself loser freetard
, 
tfw compiling softwaretfw Windows users will never know this feel
tfu struggled to get teamspeak working on ubuntu. welcome to linux :^
But I compile my programs all the time with MSCV and MinGWAlso libraries I use for it.Pretty terrible bait, here's your sage
seeimplying it's cool to wait just because the shitheads K & R created C with a header systemimplying it's useful to compile your bistro
Ryan shut up
why would I want to compile source code?  serious questionwhy do you do this, what is the purpose?
Yeah ryanNo one wants to hear how you failed to read wikis, or even the original linux document that comes with teamspeak.Fuck you for not living in tim's world.
So you Really Know what's in your software ;If you check thousands of lines of code first, I mean.
download teamspeak-client.zipplace it in distfiles.emerge teamspeak-client-binworks fine on Funtoo/Gentoo :^
Fun.Compiling it for specific hardware.
why not? you can compile on windows just fine
tfw you're such a pleb you actually think that compiling software is some magic Linux specific operation.Jesus Fucking H Christ. This fucking place.
tfw compiling custom kernel    tfw arch kids  will never know this feel
, 
What irc clients are /g/ using?
Weechat.There was a thread about this earlier in the week, search on rbt.asia
xchat
Weechat on OS X for muh rice
hexchat
mIRC pleb since I got my first internets in 1996. I promised myself to switch to a different one when I [spoiler]paid[/spoiler] for it a couple of years ago, but I couldn't be fucked to change the habit.Did use irssi for a while when my desktop burned and I had to use a toaster with linux on it for a while. It was all right.
IRC Channel#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to start[Embed] [Embed][Embed] [Embed]Learning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.md embedUseful toolsembed embed- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentembed embedHow I Got a Job in Web Development
I'm making a website where I add about 20 new pages a month with information about a new animal.I'm doubting if I should use many static files dog.php and upload them to the server manually.Or create a database driven website. And input all pages in a database and pull it out from a database with each page visit.Static files:+ faster+ more stable+ more secure+ easy to migrate+ no need for lots of codeDatabase:+ faster editing+ easier to maintain by multiple people+ you won't lose track of all the content+ easier to change to a new website designWhat should I do? I honestly already have 40+ static pages, but I can still make a cms and put them in it.
To add: I use templates for everything. So the static pages only really contain the main content of the page.
There must be some programs that can poop out a html file based on a custom template, after you enter the custom info.
I tend to prefer static files. To counter your db points: faster editingIt depends on your or your team's preference. I work faster with my text editor than any wonky WYSIWYG editor. easier to maintain by multiple people you won't lose track of all the contentIf you use Git, you can have multiple people working on your pages, with revisions on each commit. easier to change to a new website designYou are already using a template. I can only assume generating and uploading them to the server being time consuming.If you are using Git, again, this is not an issue as you can define hooks which are executed when a push is detected.
So he needs to git gud.
I working on a website for a small business, nothing serious, mostly info and products/ servies information.I have been using wordpress and it doesnt look great but its getting there.My question is how to people make a website, do they use 3rd party themes and then change some parts to fit their need, or do they write html, css, java script and php from scratch?tl;dr what is the right way to make a website, from scratch or edit premade themes and stuff?
static filesfastermaybe by an incredibly slim amount but if you're using PHP files they're still being interpreted. nothing noticeable.more stableu wat m8more securewhateasy to migrateyou need to change a link in the header, you need to update 60 files, then transfer them via FTP or whatever.
I just set up PHP7 and now I'm seeingPHP Deprecated:  Methods with the same name as their class will not be constructors in a future version of PHP; all over the place. I double-checked that my error_reporting is set toerror_reporting = E_ALL & ~E_DEPRECATED...but it displays the errors either way. Anyone know how to turn that shit off?
Many people use this one:write it from scratch with the bootstrap framework
Search for a decent starter theme/skeleton, then add your styles and customization.There are a number of projects that simply give you a complete starting point with all necessary templates and so on. It should be pretty easy to build on top of that
People who need a website fast often use wordpress and might install a theme. Or they use prestashop or whatever. It works perfectly fine.A business might enhance it with custom additions, but that's not necessary.You can also make your own site from scratch, which is what people who make sites for themselves prefer. Because it gives you the option to do whatever you want.But to speed things up you can also use frameworks so you don't have to do everything from scratch, but still have the freedom to do what you want.It's all valid.
bump
I'm new to web development. Why should I start using SASS? It seems like a lot of extra steps and doesn't look particularly useful, maybe a bit more convenient for big projects.
Frameworks are just to speed things up. They aren't essential.
I've seen a lot of templates use 'em' and 'rem' for sizes, is there any advantage over plain pixels?
what editor do you guys use for html /css? are there any that just have buttons that autogenerate paragraph styles / formatting etc.
I would've started a database. that's kind of what they're for: tabulating large subsets of data that you can just call on and fill out a template with.
you don't NEED it at all. It only speeds things up if you know exactly what you want to do with it.
I need to make a webchatty like webapp quickly and I'm not very well versed in webdevvingI figured that I'll want to use node, sockets.io, express and postgreShould I go for sails.js?I don't need anything too fancy and it doesn't have to scale well, just something quick and simple.
I want to build a web for an streaming tv channel, i'm using rails but i don't know how to implement the player, how do you do this?
You will appreciate the benefits of SASS when the time is right.Concentrate on learning the basics and start from the ground up, without getting sidetracked by all sorts of hip frameworks. That's a good approach as long as you don't develop a false sense of superiority because you can do without all that stuff.Everybody can, it's just a pain in the ass in the long run.Give it ~2 years and you will have worked on a project that has so immensely complex CSS that the mere thought of changing something sends shivers down your spine.This is where SASS shines and what it's made for. When that moment comes, you will have gathered enough experience that setting it up and getting used to it is a matter of 30 minutes and you won't want to live without it from then on which does not necessarily mean you'll be using it for every single project, though.Just leave it be if you don't see an immediate benefit. But it has its purpose and it's a wonderful tool once you understand why it's needed
HLS, MSE, or Flash.
My friend might have me make him a website. The problem is he wants some sort of blogging system so, a CMS perhaps and I don't know if I can do that. I have very little experience with the back end and LAMP stack specifically. Can anyone advise?
Why not use something like wordpress or just follow a few tutorials? Writing a blog from scratch is well documented online.
autogenerate paragraph styles / formatting etc.what you mean?
Installing LAMP is pretty much a one-liner and I am sure there are compete packages that give you a perfectly working WordPress installation with minimal setup. Bitnami comes to mind. If neither of you is experiences with backend stuff and CMS, then you will definitely want to use WordPress
Stormfag reporting in. I went from NP+ to NetBeans and finally switched to PHPStorm. It just does everything and it will take me years until I'm halfway through with all the features. If you're not too crazy about webdev and just want html/css/js, then NetBeans might be a solid choice
He doesn't want any of it to be made from wordpress, it all has to be custom done. Yeah, I already looked up a few tutorials but the "CMS" in most of them were really shitty looking.
anyways, I was thinking he could just make a new page template and I could somehow dynamically add it to the blog index along with teaching him how to make basic blog "things" like italics, bolding, and headlines.
fix the error
PHPStormIt's like 200 bucks per license per year, no thanks.
Fuck, I thought CSS was going to be as easy as HTML. Flexbox? Advanced Selectors? Pseudo-Elements? Positioning? What the hell is all this? I just want to make websites. So much work just to make a simple button animation without Javascript.It's actually interesting and kind of fun but I wasn't expecting this level of complexity.
the good thing is it doesn't really change much for any scenario whereas with programming it is constantly changing and you can't really learn a way to solve some scenario besides going through it indivindually.
Firefox is a couple seconds behind in the livestream because the media player is still a little gimped even in 39.
VFX artist and graphic designer here. I'm kind of tired of my job and want to be a web developer, is this the correct order to learn?HTML - CSS - Javascript/JQuerry - Bootstrap - PHP & MySQL - Wordpress - Make some websites - Send curriculum/portfolio - Get job - Learn new technologies while working?
design me a website to make senpai
CSS came naturally to me. I just saw it as shaping blocks.  A bit fancier than regular tables.
Yeah, that's about it. HoweverWordpressThat's the old hipster way, right after Rails, now using node is the new hip thing to do, so you might want to try that out.It is easy, but sometimes it can get annoying as fuck, like for example two elements wont float left unless they have display block, I've fallen for this shit so many times, so for the most part it's not that much about understanding but about remembering rules.
Does node allow clients to easily manage the site by themselves?
When are you gonna publish to github?
I haven't actually heard about a popular node cms module yet.
just use the rgb selector to select a color for the headers and click left align that having to type left align. Like what dreamweaver used 2 do.surely you guys arent just typing html body h1 etcetc right?
Pretty soon. Need to refactor the client side and there's also an issue with Firefox 39 in one of the back end modules that's waiting to be merged. So I could either wait for the bug to be fixed, or publish this weekend with the forked fix, but that would make the repository pretty massive.There's also the issue of what license to publish it under. 
Can anyome recommend any books to learn web development, for C#/software developers?
Making a personal website, what else could I add or do?
Add or do about what? The nav sections? I guess a blog
Sorry I meant to ask what could I do about the nav sections. Trying to work on some CSS stuff, just asking for some tips.I got free beer and music.
Node is more comparable to PHP. Not really related to wordpress and the rest. making things look niceHTML/CSSmaking things update without needing to efresh the pagejavascriptstoring user data/making purchases/communication with other users/login pagePHP/SQLI just want a generic blog/company landing page with generic pagesWordpress
20 new templated pages a monthHow long do you anticipate this going for? If more than a year, I'd want a cms. Building a custom one sounds fun, but if you can cram your site into wordpress, all the power to you.
Methods with the same name as their class will not be constructors in a future version of PHPWhy?
surely you guys arent just typing html body h1 etcetc right?Of course we are, some omit the brackets though because they are using jade.
I just type h1 and it auto completes once I press tab with emmet
This, but with an added caution against CMS. If a business is planning on regularly updating and adding features to their website, they will quickly hit the point where they need to do things not allowed by the CMS. No, web fashion is continually changing so any editor with these built will quickly become out of date. Google if you want copy-paste html. yep
Me and a friend updated our shitty websiteto help us find CSS bugs on platforms we don't have? Please?
bottom half of lightbulb doesnt workresizing down on desktop breaks the navbar

Browser and OS?
xubuntu 14.04 and Firefox 39
If I wanted to make my own splash page for web browsing what could I do to put a google or duck duck go search right in the center or something.
And those platforms would be?
Older android browsers and Windows.
not browser-specific m8
go to Ctrl-Shift-I. You're welcome.
Input with type range won't show slider move, but console logging correct values when I try to move it.Using React.Whyyyyy won't it move??
Asked my designerApparently our site breaks at certain window widthsHe's fixing it now, I guess.
Tell him to add this too .icon-light-bulb {    height:26px;}
also the visual editor treats newlines inconsistentlyTry adding/removing newlines before the beginning and endings of paragraphs
Thats nice thanks.
weather
cant customize waifusshit
Thoughts on this blog design? Trying to pull together somewhat of a portfolio.
I liked it, although the Blog title stands out too much for me, since there is hardly any other blue in there. Responsive?
Getting the base design done first then I'll move on to the different sizes.All links have the same color if that helps, I was unsure if I should go with a blue monochrome or just go straight black with blue hovers.
I'd say it first, I am biased and personally prefer darkasmysoul designs. However, if its a portfolio, you might wanna spice it up with more colors to attract attention.These might help:at the end of the day, its your portfolio. Design it in the way you are confident in.
I'm also going to make addons to the site so the blog icon will be a dropdown to go to other subdomains of the site. So each subdomain will have a different monochrome theme. Not a good Idea branding wise, but I will like it.
I must thank you, not only for the tools but you gave me a great idea! For people like yourself who favor the dark layout design, I will add an option to change it. I was also thinking of making it change using IP address and a sunset API. Of course these are just thoughts.
i would remove the margin between articlesI'm trying to pull off a dark design on my new project. I dont know if this is readable though
Personal license is 99 bucks and it's not like it stops working when it expires. You just don't receive updates. There's also the EAP version which is absolutely free for everyone. It's a public beta test of their bleeding edge development, so it may not be as stable, but it's free and you always get the latest features. And I posted NetBeans as an alternative if you absolutely don't want to use storm
there are also serial key generators :PhpStorm is great for debuging and optimizing your code. But for fast writing and HTML i still prefer Sublime.The vim plugin for PHP Storm is just shit.
tfw you discover Bootstrapthis feels like cheating tbh.
Nice dubs and design. The faint shade of blue on buttons goes well with the dark look.They look readable to me, but you'll need to consider your target users and the purpose of the site.Older users tend to have a harder time with darker websites. Corporate and professional websites tend to use a bright theme.Also, for OCD purposes, I'd recommend having the same width for the Facebook and Google buttons.
Agreed. I feel like im cheating, but im more into backend so I dont think it matters since everything is fucking mobile first.
What do you guys use to deploy your rails apps? Or any other language for that matter. I like digital ocean but Heroku seems like it integrates better with rails.
Wouldn't consider it cheating myself. Sure, it speeds up the frontend development, but if the application is growing, its only a matter of time before it hits the ceiling.Overriding Bootstrap is a pain, and many things are made to work just the way it is. Didn't work with Rails before, but do check out OpenShift.
Also, for OCD purposes, I'd recommend having the same width for the Facebook and Google buttons.yeah, it my OCD too and I already fixed it, but forgot to add class :I think people got sick of bootstrap. It does look nice, but there are too many sites using it.
What framework that is mobile friendly and easy do you recommend?
can anyone explain bootstrap layout/how it works
I started using ... But I'm not sure how it looks on older browsers and I modified it heavilly too. this is what it looks like for now Also, I usually just go on codepen or similar sites and search for CSS components.
wait is it like bootstrap and it supports like mobile? haha
fucking ignore me please jfc
This explained how and why Bootstrap uses negative margins with padding.for how it scales for different viewports, its just CSS3 media queries. In short, different CSS taking effect on different viewports.Sadly, I'd still say Bootstrap. I've been using them for work, hence I knew a lot about it. I'd recommend it as a start to get a grasp on mobile web development.
It's not my code. It's coming from WordPress and I have dozens of installations on my machine. Let there be 1 security release and I can do it all again.So I was looking for a PHP.ini setting to avoid this specific error.I have tried a few things and came up with this:function ignore_PHP4_constructor_errors $errno, $errstr, $error_file, $error_line  {    if  $errno === 8192  {        return TRUE;    }}//set the error handler here, override the defaultset_error_handler 'ignore_PHP4_constructor_errors' ;I would have expected to be able to set my error reporting directive like this, now that I know the error code:error_reporting = E_ALL & ~E_DEPRECATED & ~E_STRICT & ~8192But that does not work. The custom error handler, however, does.What am I doing wrong about 'error_reporting'? Shouldn't it work with an integer as well?I don't know. Many languages do this, so I don't get why they would deprecate loads of legacy code like that either.
8192 *is* E_DEPRECATED.PHP7 seems to simply ignore that for some reason
I intend to keep adding stuff forever. I considered wordpress but there isn't any theme that fits what I want to do.
CSS, use it everyday for 3 months, the shit will come to you easier than your multiplication tables. Major understanding in CSS is the box model. Understand what all the different types of positioning do, this is fundamental, next I would learn what all the different display types do. After that the rest is pretty easy.
Now I think of it. I could create my own theme. I'm going to give it a try.
is 5000 GB of monthly traffic a lot or a little for web hosting? what kind of website and popularity are you looking at when you start using up 5000 GB/month?
If you already have a webpage ready, calculate the size downloaded, and divide it over 5000GB to see your estimated visits. Its hard to estimate the traffic, when you could be serving a 1KB HTML page only.Take 4chan's homepage as an example, which recorded 82KB for me, which when divided by 5000GB equates to roughly 58 million visits. And that's just the home page alone.
trying to implement a new widget area on a wordpress themepositioning with "float: right"high z-index to position it on an blank column if i use "position: absolute" z-index works but floating don'tif i use "position: relative" floating works but z-index don'tfixed positioning does the same thing as absoluteCSS is black magic to me...
Absolute ignores everything that's going on on the screen. Which is why you need to use z-index to set if it needs to be in front or behind something. You just tell it exactly where on the page it needs to be and it stays there regardless of other shit.Relative then it just mixes in with everything on the screen. So you can use float to position it in relation to other shit you see on your screen.Fixed is just like absolute, except it moves along with the browser when someone scrolls. So it stays in a  fixed  position in his browser regardless where the person looks.
I would go for at least some kind of a modular system. Then, if you want to change your layout, you won't have to ctrl+h in a fuckload of files.Maybe try something like this?
But isn't that weird that nothing works for both thingsfloat and z-index?Also static positioning has the same behavior as absolute... I don't know what should i do to fix this shit.
Seems like a bug; maybe this error doesn't comply with your error_reporting setting. Use the custom handler by  and deal with it?
Fixed it by using "right: 0" instead of "float: right".And on the end i was right: CSS is black magic.
More spacing, keep them to your color schema and give them an other font.
That's pretty nice! Source?
its materialcss modified. actually, for now I'm just using form elements and buttons from materialize. I might import the dropdowns from bootstrap. for the colors i probably got inspired by 4chan tomorrow theme and by my text editor color scheme which is called Preap
Anyone ever use a proxy server to secure a website externally?I'm worried about needing to use Active Directory to manage these logins.
no space before {disgusting
Yes, actually, running two right now. What do you want to know?
So, going from the documentation, it looks like I run an installer from AuthAnvil, point it at my web app, and from there, any requests for that domain get redirected to the Two Factor Auth proxy site.I'm not sure how it works after that.  Does it just put some sort of security information in the header?  After I auth from the proxy website, how does the browser/secured site know I am authorized for the rest of my session?I'm also annoyed that I'd have to have all clients set-up in active directory.  I suppose I could set up a catchall account for each client...
Oh, yeah.  I have to set up the proxy site with an AD account with impersonation rights.  So I assume this dummy account just gets the credentials and finds another AD account to authenticate to.
Oh, I'm sorry man. Only know shit about putting a small proxy before a weak web server to prevent the weak one from dying. I don't know shit about how to set up AuthAnvil... good luck though!
Tits on a stick.Thanks anyway.
lol, you know how many spaces I would write if I did this?
More Waifu Weather. WIP. Icons aren't done and still looking for a better font than Ubuntu/Arial
forgot link:
Why don't you use separate containers for this widgets. So, for example, have a div with relative positioning and float on the right, then place another div inside this one with an absolute positioning and the z-index you need. I think this should work.
weird on chrome
Yeah, something seems to be just a tad off.Can't quite put my finger on it.
fuckin kek
I wanna make a website for chatting with a few people about 50 of us. I'm part of a community and we could need a faster chat than posting on the original forum. Now im gonna be honest i have no idea how to code and the only thing i did learn was a little HTML in high school 4 years back.Now I don't want to complicate. I just want to make a fast and simple chat as the whole website. Maybe add users to tell each other apart and enable personal messages aswell as group messages.Now i've looked for some pre-coded stuff like firechat, but idk where I am. Can you point me in the right direction and give me some tips /g/?Thanks a bunch.
 h1 download irc h1p and join our server pa href = lmgty.com/q?=installgentoo+irc  "irc" /aa href = "irc.kek.com""our server"/a 
Slack.
also theres shit like zetaboards and easybbs if ur into forums
Oh we already have our forum that's run by someone else, but we have no fast chatbox and the forum is very slow for communication. Anything more you can reccomend?
I'm no expert but there's irc webclients that you can just insert into a page if the users cant connect on an irc client. Otherwise you're probably gonna have to use webapps / java.
This, seems perfect for what wants.
Is ASP.Net MVC outdated in 2015?
no, I still use it. It works well with my table layouts.
hmm...thanks i'll look into that.
I like this a lot, but is there a way to make this in my home server? You see, I have a NAS server at home and my initial plan was to make the webchat website on my server and just quickly buy a domain and register it there and do it like that. Thoughts?
nice shit html
Socket.io
Not that I know of.Why not let Slack do the work and host it?  It's usable via hard client or soft client in any web browser.You even get logs and plug-in capability.  Also, they have exposed APIs, so you can write your own plug-in.
This. Slack is excellent and if you want a quality chat system you're going to have to play by their rules.Or make your own, of course. But good luck with that.
why not IRC?
IRC doesn't have as many features out of the box as Slack does.If you have a community of people, in one slack team, you can have a bunch of channels, which is nice and convenient in IRC you can too, but it isn't as streamlined.The slack API is nice and easy to add your own features, and just in general, it's fun to use. And the developers add a lot of features regularly.Not to mention it's comfortable to use on your phone, while IRC isn't. Being able to receive updates about the chat even when you're not connected is convenient.
If I put a !DOCTYPE html my site looks like shit. The CSS breaks even though it passes html5 validators and CSS validators. Any ideas?
you need to have 2 times html like on the right.
That's the problem. if I include a doctype then it breaks the css.
My workplace recently moved entire text messaging over to slack. We used Skype before and still use it for voice/video and clients, but all text chat is now done with slack.It's great. Not only does it have apps for everything you can think of and no bloated resource hog that is the Skype android app, the bots/plugins are ridiculously useful as well.Say you have to do support for a product. You might have your code on GitHub and a support forum for premium users.Your team has an internal Slack channel for discussion about the product and support tickets.You can now add a bot that notifies your channel about new Issues on GitHub or new forum topics so everyone can instantly react to a new event.On the customer side, it's piss-easy to offer a way to talk to supporters directly, should a more complex issue arise.It's great. Stuff like this wasn't even thinkable using Skype.
Use a static site generator like jekyll
Sass is handy but won't save you from structuring your css sloppily. In some cases I've seen it makes it worse by encouraging too much nesting
oh, i seee. but it probably has to do something with those id names of yours.and also, you shouldnt be using ids in css anyways. just make bunch of different classes.you shouldnt be doing pic related it should work nontheless, but your id names seem to fuck it up
Changed all id's to classes. Still doesnt fix
meant to post this link
well the background color is on the page div but its child class 'content' is positioned so its out of flow. there is no reason for the color div to take up the screen.i bet you aren't breaking it adding the doctype, it was already broken.
that html,body{100%} fixed it. Weird.Thanks!
Having played a lot with Nodejs, socket.io and small projects around those, I noticed one thing.Javascript has become really mature.I have been doing things I would have used Jquery for in pure javascript and it's so satisfying.My next step is ditching the frameworks and making my own CSS from scratch, and I really want to work with CSS Flexboxes.Does anyone have a nice guide or m-maybe even a LESS source for a flexbox grid?I was using materializecss for a long time, which looks great, but jquery is one of the things I really want to ditch.
Yes, that's another reason why I think it's better to understand CSS and become good at it *first* and THEN start using helpers.I agree that it does encourage nesting. "Object Oriented" CSS still wins over abusing SASS' nesting features.But you wouldn't want to live without imports, variables, partials and mixins once you've gotten your hands dirty with SASS in a complex project
PS: Disclaimer about imports: It's basically the antithesis of OOP CSS and even worse than overused nesting, but it *is* a godsend when dealing with markup that you don't own, but have to style anyway. That's why it belongs on the list
nice 2000 era design with those images in your form
There was a github page makign fun of generic startup websites with parallax scrolling, and other generic stuff. Does anyone have a link to what Im talking about or something similar?
So, I send some data to a remote server for processing. This will take hours.I need to long poll that server to find out when the data is ready to be pulled back.What is a good way to do this? I'm using ASP.NET so I was thinking just using a non-blocking Async method on my server, which loops until the data is ready, or until a specified timeout. Is this reasonable?The downside I can think of off the top of my head is its not easy to kill Async methods. There is a way to do it, but its not as easy as just killing a separate process.
ajax calls?thx. I used iconfinder.com
Well I want the server to be the one waiting. The user can exit their browser and walk away, I just need to pull the data and store it in my database when it's ready. I'm pretty sure ajax would just time out, this could take up to 20 hours
I'd be interested in having a laugh at this too.
oh. I didnt realise the user would walk awayThen have the server write to the database when the data has been crunched. and display the value to the user.
Is there something like a self-optimizing and self-testing JS framework?Basically a JS object that you pass a bunch of functions into to solve a specific problem. That means all those functions do the same thing using different approaches. The object would then provide a method to test all registered functions for performance and maybe even stuff like argument and return types and then return the fastest one.It would then be interesting to implement development & production modes and find a way to cache/save the results so that the client in production would always run the fastest version for his browser without testing for anything.Maybe even find a way to print out the resulting source though that would be a tough one, if its even possibleMy brain is currently exploding while exploring that idea. Has anyone done this before? Do you have some ideas?
Well have the remote server call you back.Provide a secure endpoint that your program listens to.When sending off a request for processing, store a key locally and send it to the server as well.When the remote server is done, it would call your program with that key and the processed data. Your program then receives that data and fires of the callback that you registered when sending off the request or resolve its promise, depending on your implementationYou might also want to have a look at sockets. The basic implementation would actually be pretty similar, but you might save a couple on lines with them. Don't know about timeouts for sockets in case your program will stay silent for a longer time
sounds like genetic programming
Shit I didn't realize you were talking about a browser sending off the request.In that case, send the user the key as well and notify him when the data is ready. With sockets, this probably incredibly easy. If you don't want to use them, let the user poll your program
Well there would be nothing that would enable the code to come up with its own solutions. It would only ever work on what you feed it with.It would definetely be voodoo, though. The project would definetely need to support nesting, so you could use this self-optimizing code within other self-optimizing code. Maybe a better term would be "self-benchmarking", though the other one definetely has more impactIf this could be pulled off the genetic aspect might even hold some water if you go deep enough.The core idea would be help development, as well as provide a one-time install on clients so that each client runs the code that works best on his individual system/browser
Getting back into web development. I forgot how to do most jquery stuff so remembering how to properly set states by adding/removing classes was a pain.
That has to be some of the worst HTML I have seen
Style the nav.
Not him but why exactly is shit HTML apart from the weird spacing/indents and forgetting href quotes and closing / tags?
bumping for an answer to this
How do I achieve this effect when scrolling down? It looks like the front cover fades out
scroll jackingew....
I find sites like these really not user friendly.
wish this meme would die along with infinite scrolling
The gist of it would be to listen to the window scroll event and have it preventDefault most of the time. Then you track the delta Y of the scroll input and if it passes a defined threshold you trigger a scroll event yourself and move on to the next element.These elements along with their height and offset, would have to be registered for the scroll handler to work on them.If you think about hte implications of this, it implies that you ignore/abort user input and force your own way of interpreting a user's intention. This is a "moral issue" that you should be aware of. It's why you have all those negative comments
fuck this man. you'll just annoy visitors if you do this shit.animations should be informative show you where the freaking menu came from or similar, not distract you from the fucking content.
how is it shit apart from all the things that make it shitare you trying to be a dumbass
where's a good place to launch my website when its finished? It will need users to post content.
Poost good portfolio sites, I need inspiration
Define place to launch it?A hosting platform?
muh user experienceSpoken like true amateurs
Can I make something like this using only CSS? 
It must be clientside. Nobody else I've shown this to on chrome has this problem
What are you even implying? What else would the flow of a website be about, if not user experience?A website provides a graphical interface to a remote server. Everything the regular user will perceive as a program *is* the UI. So User Experience is the first and most important goal of front end development.The most important thing about UX is to do what the user is expecting you to do given the information that is presented to him, as well as the information that he submits.Disrupting user input and replacing it with your own is a direct violation of that.This specific case holding back scroll targets until a condition is met might not actually irritating to the user. But it should still be pointed out that this practice is generally not a good idea.I still wrote down how I'd do it here  because it still has its uses in non-standard applications like touchscreens or gamepads
Unless your users are 70 year old grandmas no one cares if there's a bit of animation like in that website. I know user experience is important but you don't have to put them on pedestals.
Found it
Hey I was the one actually providing a solution and simply explaining why people might dislike it. There's no pedestal here
kek.Is there anything worse than Bootstrap?
Nothing's wrong with Bootstrap.
Waifu now customizeable with arrows
you would be surprised mate.. most people dont even click on the fucking hamubrger menu, because they dont know what it is.websites are about information, content or providing services. its not about animations.
I usually dont click on the hamburger either. I just check things out that are on the screen.Ironically enough my own website also has a hamburger button.
For the sidebar, you will have to use JS to catch the event. As for the fancy animations, I believe CSS3 can handle it, but it will require a lot of work.
I meant like having a number of sections equally divided on screen then clicking one, it opens up the section full screen and you can scroll down.
Apologies, I had only skimmed the front page. Like the sidebar, a click event needs to be caught, and CSS cannot do that yet. So a certain amount of JS is required.Just noticed that the Back button hidden in their title was a little unintuitive. Wouldn't have guessed it was there even if my life depended on it.
arrow keys, that is
there's an easier way to get web dev employment if you already have the knowledge.Email all of the web development/web design businesses in your area, asking for work experience.If you do well, it's very likely that they'll keep you on; or you'll have a valuable reference for getting a career elsewhere.
tfw no support for anyone that isn't living in america
How do I know where to use Javascript instead of CSS for tasks that could be achieved with both?
use CSS for everything, except where you can't.
use javascript if you're concerned with compatibility. css3 if you don't give a shit.css3 implementation is still inconsistent across browsers although it's getting better. Microsoft killing IE is gonna help a lot.
i don't see their new browser being any better though.seems like it's just a rebrand to escape the bad name that IE has been given.
For most cases, an additional CSS class added with JS is enough to do what you want./* css */.navbar { display:none }.navbar.active { display:block /* and all your whiz boom bang */ }/* js */button.onclick = function  {  navbar.classList.add'active';};
it's a LOT better:
I'm just learning HTML and CSS at the moment but I guess once I get to JS I'll have a more clear idea of how it works.
weather icons. Mixed weather needs work too small, doesn't scale properly.don't attempt to use arrow keys to change your waifu. Chie is only true waifu.
don't attempt to use arrow keys to change your waifu. Chie is only true waifu.FUCK YOU AND YOUR SHIT
Does anybody have a favorite flexbox-based grid? I've been looking at Flexbox Grid, and it seems nice and lightweight, but it lacks a lot of the positioning features that you get in Bootstrap. I'm looking to move away from Bootstrap and start writing my CSS for the majority of the product to lighten it up, but I don't want to sacrifice all of the functionality that isn't strictly grid positioning.
I would still consider flexbox to be bleeding edge. For Bootstrap grid, I use my own generator.
flexbox based grid.watI dislike Bootstap, simply because I believe that style should be kept in the SCSS and that the HTML should be kept clean and semantic.
style should be kept in the SCSS and that the HTML should be kept clean and semanticCare to elaborate?
bootstrap relies on filling the HTML with un-semantic classes .col-xs-4, .row, .col-md-1. something that quickly clutter the HTML.You can achieve the same results, with less clutter and more flexibility, by using scss although, yes you could use bootstrap as a SCSS library; but imo it's a lot cleaner if you just create your own simple mixins - it's not hard.
A grid system based on the flex display property.
here's a simple mixin that pretty much has the same functionality as the bootstrap grid - without the clutter.@mixin column$span, $spacing: 10px {    width: $span/$cols*100%;    padding: $spacing /2;    float: left;}
Our policy is to only support Chrome latest. It's a web app that's only used internally. Still too bleeding edge?
isn't flexbox basically just a grid in itself?a flexbox based grid system would pretty much just be like a fork factory that made forks out of forks.
What's with all the flood of one-page sites that look exactly the same?
Should I drop out of college, get a job, move out, learn programming, and start a startup?
Don't forget to move to sanfransisco and become a feminist too
I'm serious man. I'm 24 and feel to old to still be living with my parents while going to college.  Just want to move out, meet a qt, and also stay making money.
If that is the case, then flex would work very well. Congratulations on not having to deal with cross browser bullshit.Because its easier to design and scale to mobile viewers. I don't like the trend, but it is everywhere.
How smart does one have to be to start a startup
You need contacts, which you usually make when you're working on another company
I was told to ask this here instead:I feel dumb, I'm getting org.apache.jasper.JasperException: /WebRoot/test.jsp1,1 The value for the useBean class attribute com.javatpoint.Calculator is invalid.Calculator.class is in the correct location: WEB-IF/classes/com/javatpointI was copypasting the code from an example, yet when I try to load their version it works fine.What could I be doing wrong?
this is good but I want diffrent types of waifus. only one is boring
I'm not sure how this is taking the piss of bootstrap or is this some really really abstract kind of humour?
with javascript how can i get elements from other websites? ive pretty much only worked with the document at hand and used a json api once. but i kinda wanna know how to get lets say what is written in a paragraph on a specific website.
cross site requests?? i dont think its possible in javascript in the browser.
well i also tried jqueries .load which uses ajax to get stuff but that didnt seem to work either. what would be the easiest way to do stuff like, getting an article from a website.
crossdomain.xml
If you're going to do "static files", look at how Jekyll does it. If you're going to create a tonne of .php files.. no.
I have been learning Rails for about a 2 weeks now and its not really clicking, my methods for learning are a combo of Hartl's book, Treehouse videos and trying and failing to build my own stuff.Up untill now things had been going well, HTML and CSS was easy enough, as was JavaScript and JQuery, so my question is, should I cut my losses and switch to something like Node.js as I had a good grip on JS?My main concern is I am doing this with a view to gain employment, and all I hear is that Ruby is the one with the jobs UK if it makes a difference.
Is there a way to default to html 5 for firefox?
uninstall flash
doesn't work
Nope, it lacks the required codecs html5 by itself is just the container, so you actually need flash, as opposed to chrome or safari that hardy use it even if it's installed.
If YouTube defaults away from Flash completely, that piece of shit software would die.
It did...in June...
What? Flash was already switched to html5 on youtube.Furthermore unity is no longer supported by chrome and doesnt install the plugin, and later down the line next year flash is set to be phased out completely from the browser as well.
Its got to a point where I can't remember why I ditched Chromium in exchange for going back to Firefox for my daily browser.
yes it does.for some websites, fake UA to ipad or android.
Implying vMware aren't investing in Flash for vSphere 7
i removed it somewhere late 2014. cant say i miss it.
A D D O N SDDONS
What are you even talking about.
YOU BASED NVIDIA
thats nothing, when my dick gets hard I fuck my gf and blast 200 billion electric eels up her cunt
, 
So I finally made the move from Windows and I've just set up Linux for my first time. What do I do now?
what do you normally do on a computer? is it really that hard?
get a pretty theme
Don't be autistic and install a proper desktop environment like GNOME.
Download a .iso of windowsMake that iso into a bootable USBInstall windowsThere we go - the one and only use of linux.Much in the same way the only use for internet explorer is to download a better browser.
you spelled pooper wrong
But then my friends on /g/ won't think I'm cool.
Not play PC games?
Packages take forever to install tbh.
that's cause apt a shit
Go back to Windows and stay there you shithead. We don't need more people like you shitposting here for advice.
caring about autistic peoples' opinionJust use GNOME and get back to work.
Where can I find a default rc.lua, /g/?I've fucked up already.
Uninstall awesome and install i3
Installing it now.  Is i3 a better WM than awesomeWM?
Anyone know how to install scratchdrop?
the one and only use of linuxMaybe if you're a certified retard who can't learn new things. Linux has no limits, only limits come from companies like Adobe who won't make Linux versions of their products. The actual OS can do anything you want it to.I've had Photoshop installed through Wine once though. Even programs that are specifically made for something else have a chance to work, unlike in any other system.
No
So I uninstalled awesome and installed i3 for nothing?
Get Deep Dream running and check out MIT's Hybrid CNN.
Not to say that gnome makes you a hacker
and now install openbox.
Install Cinnamon, not any of these WM's meant for intermidiate Linux users.
Yes
just install windows tbh
Learning Linux is like learning long tail division in 10th grade when you're always going to have a calculator handy. Completely useless.
have you ever even used linux for an extended period of time?i'm not even a power user but linux is useful as fuck
That's such a retarded way of looking at things. What are you gonna do when you don't have a machine holding your hand?
I don't know, man. I can actually resize windows in i3. I couldn't in awesome. I think I'm liking i3 more tbh.
Ignoring the analogy I wouldn't call it useless. You'd feel like an idiot being an adult and not knowing how to divide without using a calculator.
First time Linux userUsing AwesomeWMHave fun with that.
You sound like an old man who refuses to learn how to control a DVD player, so he must have his grandson to operate it while he still says it's useless to learn these things.
tbh this is bad advice
Awesome allows resizing, just have to be in right windowing mode. That and hold the proper mouse button
well, if you like coding you could set up a power development environment. learn emacs or vim and customize the fuck out of it, learn all the fastest key strokes, get copy paste to work with the clipboard.start replacing gui stuff with cl alternatives so you can script anything you need to. obviously, you need to learn the commands for volume up and volume down and bind them to keys.you could set up an ssh server and secure it by making a special user who is the only one with ssh priveleges and can't su or see most of the filesystem, and set up ssh keys.learn about each folder in the root directory. /dev/ is fun, try to get your speakers to make noise by writing to their file.rice your boot speed, memory use, etc.
Well since he DOES have a grandson to operate it for him it why would he need to learn it himself?
Install a proper desktop environment like KDE, setup everything you need to be doing whatever you normally do, and continue doing said thing.
Sometimes it's handy to know how to do stuff yourself instead of relying on people who don't live in the same house. Especially if the stuff is pretty easy to learn and will benefit you. When you get older you don't learn things as easily and if you even refuse to learn you'll learn nothing. Don't let yourself sink in to that mindset.
try something else, break something, try to fix it, give up, go back to windowswhat you do next is determined by why you moved to linux, if you dont have a reason, and have a paid-for version of windows to switch back to, switch back to windows
open terminaltype sudo sutype in passwordtype apt-get update && apt-get upgradegoogle all other commands up you need to work with linux its gonna be a hard rideyou can use this to learn most of the command line 
this is fair enough, with a caveat or two.linux is way more secure, OP obviously DOES have a reason to use it, and linux has several good programs with no real windows version, at least when I used windows last 2008.
cannot into gaymening
Open terminalType sudo suType passwordType rm  -rf /WINRAR
You didn't have to do polynomial division in high school?
Reinstall Windows because Linux really is pointless.
You sir never did school.If you did then you would understand that linux has many uses that windows is not comparable in performance.For exampleAbility to run 24/7High customizable environmentAbility to modulate kernelsAbility to run a linux OS the size of 20megabytesA lot less resources used then windowsVery secured in the way linux is designed.Hacks for linux take longer to developed and can work on 1 distro and not on another which does isolate the effectiveness of a infectionSecurity is also modulated so you can custom security at any level and not just the firewall like windowsSir you do not know what you are on about. You cannot judge something you don't understand.
Pointless?So are you saying windows has points?Would that not poke people in the eye if they used it then?All these questions that your useless statement has provoked.Fuck you asshole
Go to Starbucks and use Lynx on their wifi. You'll look hacker as fuck.
Best monitor for a triple monitor setup? I was considering link related, mainly because IPS and a thin bezel. 5ms response is a bit of a downer, but I'd rather have IPS than TN any day. Can someone running a triple monitor setup say whether its worth it or to just go double?pic very unrelated
WTF is going on in OP's pic, and where can I get four qt3.1415 kitty subordinates to lick cream of my body?
Why there is Steve Jobs in the pic?
it's a polish priest
pic very unrelatedno
, 
Help, my VirtualDub crashes when opening the compression menu. I think it started after last week's Windows update. I have the lastest version, tried reinstallingI've tried uninstalling every third-party codec Then I've tied reinstalling and fixing the old onesThere's no crashlog, it just closes with no error or warning.Everything else works, just the compression crashesI've tried to read if anyone else has the same problem but everyone gets some error message or log or it just freezes.What to do
I also tried to download and repair the Microsoft Visual C++ packages
bump
Can we hold in for a moment and admire today's Internet speeds?I remember on the first LAN-parties I went to, I had 10 Mbps NIC. At home I got 0,08 Mbps, payed a fortune and felt it was fast, when I could download an mp3 in half an hour, or a Simpsons episode in a quality of 120p or something in two or three.Nowadays we get on entry level stuff, even on less than ideal SMB shares 800 mbps and average Joe can download from the Internet with 125 mbps for the price of two cinema tickets per months. Download in a TV show in 1080p takes about 3 minutes, it's insane.Also remember when you could watch images loading?
Why aren't you guys starting a freetard "upgrade to Linux" campaign like when the XP was kill? Microsoft shilling is in full force right now, they even post creepy videos on youtube with kids who will grow up into the botnet and will consider it perfectly normal.you scared?
Announcing reports is illegal.
Aren't you scared?At this point I'm pretty much entirely apathetic to the actions of of Microsoft to try to market themselves.
Bump
go to microsoft website to read about Windows 19nothing but fucking babies everywherewtf man
Windows 19Why did they skip Windows 11, Windows 12, Windows 13, Windows 14, Windows 15, Windows 16, Windows 17, and Windows 18?
i reported your report, faggot
Because they were too edgy to call it Windows 2.0.
Because Linux is trash, mostly.
It took that many attempts to make a botnet OS that would allow the users of /g/ to froth and use.Windows 19.1 Retard patched
In what way buddy?Was education to much for your unemployed and or bartendering life?
implying Linuxfags are the rich,educated guys and we,Windowsfags are the poor,uneducated guys/reddit/
Why would I care? Linux has enough users to have enough developers to just werk. Even then I doubt that any significant amount of Windows converts would contribute to Linux software projects.
it just crossed my mind that this isn't normal at 6am here on the east coast of the USA.pic related.
Not /g/ related.Fuck off cunt
shoot- sorry, was supposed to be in the garbage /b/oard.. how do I delete?
LOL so you just turned 21 and can buy alcohol, big fucking deal. most network engineers, programmers and network admins remoting systems from home are usually drunk at 7am.There is nothing like waking up at 4am, seeing last nights wine bottle half full, puring a few glasses and opening another at 6amI do it all the time of a weekend if I am called out of bed
, 
computer been running really slowuninstall almost everything that I don't need or wantcomputer still extremely slowonly like 15 files on desktopWhat do /g/?
Install gentoo
op here,if you guys want to know "how slow it is", to put it into perspective i can't play hearthstone
actual question here, what's gentoo?
Fast and effecting operating system.
Specs?
only like 15 files on the desktop.I hate it when people ask for help while acting like they know what they are talking about.
I can only assume youre running windows.Uninstall windows, install linux
Gentoo.orgHelps you speed up.
you'll have to bring it down to 12 files max
This thread is meme.
Mate, if you're using windows do this.Boot using system recoveryOpen command promptDel /Windows/System32This will force windows to download the new System33 update and makes the computer 32% faster according to cnet.com
Specs, anon?
No, do not direct a Windows transfer to Gentoo. It's ass and it always has been, you just feel for the meme. Linux Mint is a VASTLY superior choice for a first time Linux user.
Dude can't even backslash
Alright, since no one else will help you, I guess I will.First, run a scan with malwarebytes download it if you don't have it already. If nothing turns up, move on to the next part. If it does, stop there, quarantine and delete the fuckers off the computer.If nothing is found, simply go into settings, assuming you have w8.1, do a system recovery. Do the one that keeps all files like photos, music, etc., and it'll work then.Word of advice, if you have a tablet, use that to masterbate. No point in watching porn on a Windows machine. Porn is literally how 90% of people end up with useless shit slowing down computers. And don't act like you don't want h porn. We all doLolNot even once. Never go with linux. The software quality is bad. Open source software is just retarded. When people are paid to do work, they do it better than some lazy neckbeards. Otherwise they get fired.
Turn 360 degrees and walk away.
Reinstall the OS. Everytime I've noticed a criticle slow down in a comp doing that fixes it. Not worth the witch hunt of hunting down the source of the issue for days on end. Just get your disk/usb, take 2 hours and re-install the fucker. If it's still slow after that you've got a hardware problem. Good luck with that shit.
just because someone has a salary doesnt mean they write better code.
You have to delete System32, it's clogging up your RAM tubes. Don't worry, the important files will repopulate after a reboot.
Are you sure you don't just have a shit computer?
I supplement my income by around 400 dollars a month wiping and reinstalling Windows for coworkers."how cani stop geting viruss?""I dunno. Try using Internet Explorer and McAfee.""oops i got a virus again :D"70% of the time, it works every time.
aside a paid for vpn, what other things should I use with a vpn to make internet traffic really secure and safe?also, what vpn do you recomend?
PeerBlock.
that would just result in him walking into his computer. Try againtrue. they do have more incentive to not fuck up.
Assuming you use Windows:C:\Windows\WinSxSSee the size? These are unnecessary update files which are constantly running in the background and hog on your RAM. You can't just remove them simply, you need another tool for that.Download "Unlocker", install it.Right click on "WinSxS" - Unlocker - Delete - OK.
Your memory and HDD/SSD are failing. Run manufacturer's diagnostics to see if either one fails the linear reads.
buy a mac or eat a bulletfucking faggot
Linux MintWhat about Ubuntu?
macfags fuck off,your OS is shit
Amazon botnet
amazon botnetwat
He meant the spyware "Zeitgeist"
using unityusing Yahoo spyware in Mint
Can be removed with this:sudo install xubuntu-desktopsudo apt-get remove nautilus gnome-power-manager gnome-screensaver gnome-termina* gnome-pane* gnome-applet* gnome-bluetooth gnome-desktop* gnome-sessio* gnome-user* gnome-shell-common compiz compiz* unity unity* hud zeitgeist zeitgeist* python-zeitgeist libzeitgeist* activity-log-manager-common gnome-control-center gnome-screenshot overlay-scrollba* && sudo apt-get install xubuntu-community-wallpapers && sudo apt-get autoremove
he fell for the computer rot memeIt feels slow because everything else is getting upgraded and is faster.Buy newer hardware.
your cpu adjusted its clockspeed to your IQ in mhz
check to make sure your hdd isnt in pio mode, a faulty cable can make it go to that mode and it than runs at less than 1mb per second. if you are on a hdd boot, get a ssd. to illustrate why, loadup something like hdtune and do a quick benchmark of the boot drive, when i was still running a hdd, the fucker was getting slammed so hard that even though it wasn't in pio mode, it was still reading at 756kbps, this was unacceptable. i got a ssd and made it boot only, and everything runs smoother as a result. run spybot and malwarebytes, if shit is still slow, ask around, there are programs that will give you far more control and you will be able to kill far more infections with them but they are also able to kill your ability ot boot if you do shit wrong.yay, the bloat is real...that said, if you are on a dual core system from from core 2 duo or even athlon X2, you are able to use a computer, you may not be watching 1080p and not seeing stutter, but you are largely fine. got to love how we got to a point where computers, even if hardware gets significantly faster, still barely registers for normal use.
, 
Got this garbage as a gift from my uncle. He clearly thinks that there is only one phone in existence. Now, I am not a homosexual, nor an idiot, nor a teenage girl, so I clearly have no need for this pre-school level fashion accessory.BUT... I do want to make some money from this. How can I maximize my returns, aside from simply selling it? Should I monetize my YouTube account, bend this flimsy joke of a phone, sit back, and watch Apple apologists give me views?Any other ideas?
PROTIP: Anti-shilling Apple will not get you a job with Google
Obvious bait is obvious.
You probably wont get enough money off of a youtube video, that has been done too many times alreadyI guess just sell it at almost retail price, I hope you did not open the box yet
apple is shithurr b8What?
Become a Swift developer :^
How can I maximize my returns, aside from simply selling it?Cum on it, then sell it.

Film yourself shoving it up your ass.Then sell it.
Apple Defense Force is monitoring this thread.
Just send it to me op, contact me on my email, I'll pay for it.secretn25@gmail.com
selling a giftnot an idiotpick one.
Bend it, then bend it back. Then have a friend help you sell it for cash, and report it as stolen afterwards and activate the lock. If they ever trace the phone back to you, you have the original packaging and serial number from the box.
Memes aside, they aren't bad phones, just rip offs
You have to use it now, it is a gift. If you aren't using it next time you see your uncle it will hurt his feelings.
sell it in craiglist or ebay, 25% off
I'm about to give you some realtalk life advice here, so listen the fuck up.Use it. Learn about it. Become informed. Have actual experiences with the products you talk about, before you talk about them. Sometimes, what you've heard is nowhere near accurate. Sometimes, it is, but sometimes, you finally break down and try something, and realize that you've been making a fool of yourself for years.
We're not falling for your shit, Apple.
Also, sometimes, something that used to be true ceases to be true. For instance, iOS is no longer hostile to custom keyboards, and the iPad Air 2 finally has enough RAM to keep Safari afloat with lots of tabs open.Learn to recognize when the situation changes, and shift your outlook accordingly. There's no shame in that, only prudence.
I feel sorry for your family. They have to deal with such a delusional, pretentious prick.
keeping a gift that you don't wantbeta as fuck
It's a great phone OP. quit trying to be edgy. also if you have a uncle who gives you gifts like that. you have a nice family. my grandmother gives me 1 dollar scratch offs and even gives me checks in person sometimes as gifts for xmas etc
sell it for $600call shipping company tell them it brokecollect extra $600sell box for $10 call police tell them it was stolen, get phone back,sell for $600 again + insurance fraud + $600move to another state, sell phone for $600 again
that's only $3k and you've committed a felony at least oncenot worth
"I have aspergers and my whole family thinks I'm a joke": The Post.
Hey, man. Don't insult 'spergs. I'm a sperg, and I see value where value is present, including in the iPhone.
Try reading again if you don't understand.
valueiPhone
there's this thing i don't wantbut someone gave it to meso i'd better keep it????
gives out e-mail address on 4chanthat's a great idea
Acting like his uncle didn't molest him as a child.
I never said you need to keep it, are you retarded?
Put it up your ass.
And then blow it right back out of there.
There are many ways to rid of it by not keeping, but selling maximizes profit.It also damages apple, because that's one less iphone they will sell.
being a weebsub-beta
#1 reason on /g/ for not owning one:"im too poor"Not to mention you'd look like a little faggot for selling a gift like that
Stealing this thread for a questionI have an ishit 4 and 4s through family and have nothing to use them for. Are they worth anything at all?
Just use it, nothing beats 3 years+ of OS support.yeah im looking at EVERY FUCKING ANDROID MANUFACTURER, BITCH
Throw the lagdroid away and use the real phone.
dude, just ask your uncle if you can return it. say you really need a thing of half or more value and would appretiate it if you could use the receipt to see if you can trade it out. if your uncle isnt too unreasonable that should just about do it.
Run an ad watching bot that earns $1.50/day
this product is good after a few tries, and you always buy the next product, don't you?
I said no such thing. I have never owned an iPad or iPhone. However, I do have the integrity to keep an eye on their development and realize when my criticisms are out of date and no longer apply.iOS, believe it or not, is shaping up. It's implementing a lot of features these days, features whose omission I used to consider a deal-breaker. My next tablet may well be an iPad.
iOS, believe it or not, is shaping upayyyyy lmao
Search Craigslist for a kitten to adopt.Install YouTube Capture.video of kitten every day.Use AdSense dollars to buy a gun to fucking kill yourself for not figuring out shit yourself.
I've never met a Korean who could type that fast.
flagship android phones do ths too
Thread #012: Go home /v/ editionIt's about time we consolidate graphics card discussion on /g/. Let's keep the shilling to a minimum.Direct any and all questions regarding Graphics Cards and Display Adapters here first, including purchase and sale questions.Use /g/gcg/For non-related questions use /g/sqt as a link to find the sqt thread.In the NEWS:AMD begins shipping the AMD Radeon R9 Fury Nano to partners. Images hit the web. 175W TDP confirmed:begins partnership with UMC for consumer volume production of TSV, technology used in HBM. The rumoured 30'000 units for the Fiji chip, if true should be a thing of the past. Expect stock soon:Nvidia is working on two HBM2 based, 16nm graphics products. One 4Hi stack, the other 8Hi stack. Speculation the 8Hi stack is a Tesla/Quadro product:Guideswww.logicalincrements.comwww.pcpartpicker.com/g/'s most talked about card: AMD Radeon R9 390 Driversclass="quote"inb4 "Muh board quality"inb4 OP can't inb4Thankyou
Fury nano 175Why did AMD start pandering to plenary with muh powar consumption?
Since the 970 was the biggest flop since the 480.
Windows 10 bitches. Windows 10 pro to be exact.
It's much nicer than 8.1, but there's so much inconsistency. There are so many separate designs for right click menus.
Your music player theme doesn't match the rest of the desktop! :
How are you preparing your PC for Windows 10 /g/?Clean install or upgrade?
not using Enterprise. kekYou can even remove botnet with enterprise.but grats OP. it's a great OS
I'm upgrading, clean installs take too long.
I'd do clean install.. Always safest and best. Doesn't take too long. I mean you can sit online all day. I think you'll manage 15 minutes of your time.
cant stand windows 10 the ui is horrible and it offers nothing windows 7 or 8 does already.testing it on my shit amd a6 laptop and while its faster than 8 to be sure the new ui makes me want to throw up
DUDE HOWD U GET THIS?? IT NOT RELEACE UNTIL JULY 29
9/11 made me reply
I already had this installed and installed the TH240 upgrade in Windows Updates and this is what I got. I have had this installed for a while and just kept upgrading. I upgraded from 10166.
You can't do a fucking clean install at the moment as all keys are down and Microsoft won't allow any new activations other than the upgrade paths.
Enjoy your shitty KDE ripoff.
Not using dark as my soul theme0/10
why did they take out the ability to set different wallpapers on each monitored?8.1 had it
you can skip key-entering.i installed 10240 yesterday. not impressed by the UI, TBH.Also, I have to go back to win 7 as I'm an architect and autocad doesn't instal on win 10. not even autocad 2010. what a waste of 30 minutes.
Enjoy your shitty Visual Studio and Microsoft Office ripoff.
If you're using multiple monitors, you should be using something like Display Fusion anyway.No Windows OS has ever had decent multi-monitor wallpaper support / options.
would you mind changing the window color to something other than white and posting a screenshot?
Err, you can't change that white titlebar without using regedit hacks.
It's not July 29th, fuck off
RTM bitch nigga.
you're in for a rude awaking if you think you have RTM
RC, not RTM
it's okay. we can always re-download the RTM ISO when it becomes available in a week or so.till then, let us enjoy the latest windows OS.
yeah but looking at that makes me want to throw up
Are you fucking kidding me?
Been on tech preview for a while. Recent update removed date from the bottom right hand clock on the task bar. How the fuck do I turn it back on?
ugly
funny guy here
Oh no. That truly does kill the system.
Faggot. Always clean install.
posting this trash every thread
Yeah, you need to fuck around with regedit to change colors and activate the other color modes.
has anyone else noticed their system slowly get the ram completely maxed out after upgrading to 10?
Nope. How long are we talking? I haven't had the time to leave the system on long term since upgrading but it's been 20 hours and it's fine.
So how do I clean install it with my genuine Windows 8 key?
Run the setup within Windows but choose clean install before hitting go. It'll use your existing product key.
Things that are wrong with it:-Not all icons designed by MS have been updated-Search function kinda useless if you don't use bing, can't replace with google-Edge still doesn't have a proper ad blocker, bad performance with youtube stuff at 60fps-File explorer looks the same, no improvementsOther than that it's ok, I just can't see the point of upgrading to it when it performs the same as 8.1
Edge YouTubeDon't know why but mine crashes everytime I try to open a video.
Not all icons designed by MS have been updatedI don't really care, if that's a reason not to upgrade that's hilarious. Because you're using icons that haven't been updated anyway.Search function kinda useless if you don't use bing, can't replace with googleYes but everyone on /g/ would disable it anyway so who cares. And again, by disabling it it's no different than not having it in an older OS.Edge still doesn't have a proper ad blocker, bad performance with youtube stuff at 60fpsWhy are you using Edge anyway. Did you use IE?File explorer looks the same, no improvementsAgain, if it hasn't been changed it's the same as what you're using now and therefore not a reason not to upgrade. What improvements would you suggest by the way.
like about a whole day
Then no, no issues here. Perhaps you have an application that's leaking? The OS on its own seems fine.
literally nothing running
Edge is going to get extensions in the coming months.Of course it won't have any by then.Once uBlock and stylish gets ported to it I'm jumping the ship from firefox
I just reinstalled 8.1, plus 10's privacy policy is shit.
and therefore not a reason not to upgrade.Are you serious you fucking retard? The reason is that there's no fucking benefit to wasting your time doing it.
I mean that it is not something to be weighed as a negative on a pro con list. If you're considering upgrading the fact that something DIDN'T change isn't a good reason to ignore things that did.
I don't really care, if that's a reason not to upgrade that's hilarious. Because you're using icons that haven't been updated anyway.It's not a reason to upgrade if they were updated, however if you're going to change them, you might as well change them all, don't you think? It just shows as some work that's been unfinished.Yes but everyone on /g/ would disable it anyway so who cares. And again, by disabling it it's no different than not having it in an older OS.Yeah, who gives a shit about features.Why are you using Edge anyway. Did you use IE?Because it has been advertised all over the place and doesn't seem to work so awfully? It just needs some work. IE is as terrible as ever.Again, if it hasn't been changed it's the same as what you're using now and therefore not a reason to upgrade.I kinda fixed that for youWhat improvements would you suggest by the wayTabs is the first thing that comes up if you ask anyone here for instance, being able to hide what you want from the navigation pane or hide other elements.What you're telling me is basically "why would you not upgrade to get the same thing you had before", do you realize how stupid that sounds?
Oh OK. Sorry man.
What you're telling me is basically "why would you not upgrade to get the same thing you had before", do you realize how stupid that sounds?No I'm saying that just because everything didn't change doesn't mean you should ignore the good changes. If you don't think there's enough good changes or the changes are bad that's an entirely different story.
What good changes? Being able to open gif files and notifications? Cortana is almost a negative for many people who want a little bit of privacy. Almost because it can be disabled, but what else do you have there?
Cortana is almost a negative for many people who want a little bit of privacytfw don't even need to disable Cortanait doesn't activate with my country selected, only the states, the uk and a couple of others
Your country is too poor to be part of botnet I pity you.
Can't he become part of the botnet as long as he selects a different country?
He's still a part of  the botnet, he's just not wearing it on his chest, like all of amerifaggots.
WindowsI'd just like to interject for a moment. What you’re referring to as Windows, is in fact, NSA/Windows, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, NSA plus Windows. Windows is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another expenseive component of a fully functioning Spy system made useful by the NSA core-spyware, reverse shell utilities and vital keylogging components comprising a full botnet as defined by Gen. J. Clapper.Many computer users run a modified version of the botnet system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of spyware which is widely used today is often called “Windows”, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the NSA system, developed by the NSA. There really is a Windows, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use.Windows is the cover: the pr
Stop forcing this shit pls.
Australia isn't really 'poor'. I guess we're just not important enough.
You live in a botnet with spiders the size of camels
can you even disable updates in the pro version?
clover is a perfect appcan't even browse in catalog with post number descending Literally a child could do the sort for the, wtf?
make your own 4chan app faggot
Man I haven't seen rose in ages, [spoiler]she[/spoiler] still in hiding?
Just started using the Material design version about an hour ago. Design wise, it still lacks. It's clear the development doesn't know much about design, color, and typography hierarchy. But function wise it's the best. Anyone know if the developer posts here? Would love to contact him and give suggestions and even some mockups.
It's amazing. But you can't fucking reply to people, really?.?.??
In Clover you can mate. It is Chanobol the one that doesn't let you. Which sucks, since it is the best app design wise.
SUMMONING CLOVER DEVDesktop standard chan now let's you use 1.0 captcha the perfect one with only 4 numbers just by flicking a little switch. Apparently this has been going for a month but I was too stupid to noticeBasically, when will we get it? I'm sick of this images shit

not using Fortunebeing a pleb
Get with the times holofag

 testing software for free
Why don't you write it yourself and submit a pull request then, fuckboy? It's GPLv3 and on Github.
What?
who is this boi toi?
pls gibe me monies
yes she is
This girl is beautiful, who is she?
I don't know what the fuck are you talking about mate.
The KingHe taught me how to build my first computer too.
Don't you mean "she"?
Eh sure. I guess that she'd rather be called that.
heits literally a she
Why the fuck would you star your post with "Just started using the Material design version about an hour ago" in a thread about Clover when you are talking about Chanobol?
She has a penis But yeah sorry. "she"
Clover is open source, hosted on git. Do you really not know what the GPL is, despite being on /g/?
sure thing pal
tfw you realize it's not a trap and all the guilt is gonefeels good man
tfw it is ded
This
Jesus Christ you're so underage I don't know how you're allowed to use the Internet. Fuck off nigger
ALPHA 2 WHENLPHA2WHEN
why is he so perfect
This kills me
why is /g/ so obsessed with cock they'll convince themselves anyone they find attractive has one
i'd lick his prostrate
Clover is open source. Go do it if you want.

Where can we follow her? She hasn't uploaded anything on her YouTube channel in over a year.
what??
Either we fucking suck or she is doing a bretty gudd job
I love it
Where can I find the material version?
It's that Grammar Retard that fucked us over
i came here for rose
Email me at florens@airmail.cc
Yeah /g/ scared her away from the internet.  Even changed her name.
She's hiding from the pedo stalkers.unfollowable.
confirmed for garbage
I think I'm going to build a nice i5 or i7 mini ITX build with Skylake. Going to try and have an absolutely silent and tiny system that I can lug around wherever I want. 50% better graphics is actually pretty good, especially for 1080p. If you want to game lightly.
buying $300+ cpu for igpukek
more like not bothering buying a gfx card at all because I'm not a /v/ faggot but I like to play some old games.
buying $300 CPU for old gameskekThe shill is strong
IGPWho cares?
external GPUWho the fuck cares?
People that don't need a dedicated one
What? how am I shilling?I would buy a $300 CPU because of its performance.It's more like a benefit to not bother buying an gfx card. want to play old gameshave to buy super cheap shitty CPU like a pentium and then buy some crappy budget video card to be justified
50% better [than previous generation Intel graphics]That's like saying trannies are better than bears. In then end, they both have dicks.
If it is 50% better than the highest end Iris Pro IGP on broadwell, I'm very impressed.Intel have come a long way in the graphics department. I wonder if they have plans to make discrete GPU solutions.
I wonder if they have plans to make discrete GPU solutions.I hope they do when AMD goes bankrupt.
When AMD goes bankruptThey can't go bankrupt, both Nvidia and Intel want to keep them in business to avoid lawsuits.
AMD's existence no longer matters. The computing market have expanded well beyond x86. Much like how ARM isn't getting sued for being the sole licensor of the ARM's architecture, Intel becoming the sole producer of x86 chips won't pose a problem, as it is one of many companies offering computing products.
I was looking at some benchmarks and it appears the iris pro blows away whatever graphics were slapped onto the AMD A10 7850K. I though AMD were supposed to have the lead in graphics performance on integrated chips? granted the Iris Pro chips are like twice as expensive
The IGP cache system Intel implemented into the high end Iris pro is working magic.
VIA also have x86 license. So Intel will be never alone.
It's a strange market to be in. Intel's chips with their top Iris Pro graphics are so expensive that you could just buy a CPU for half the price Intel or otherwise and use the rest for a discrete card that'll annihilate any integrated graphics in performance. I'm probably thinking too much in terms of traditional desktops however. I could see the case for it in laptops and such.
It is largely aimed at the mobile sector. Much like everything else Intel is doing lately.They have market dominance in server and desktop. They're focusing 100% of their attention at trying to penetrate into the ARM dominated low power sectors.Hence the aggressive power consumption reduction, at the expense of performance increase. Rapid integration of features into a single chip and improving the IGP.
The battery in my iPad Mini 3 lasts 9+ times longer than the battery does in my Dell Venue 8 Pro with the fucking Atom.Sure it's x86 but fuck that. The idle time is absolute shit compared even to my old iPhone 4 let alone the iPad.
Dell Venue 8 ProOh lord why.......
50% better graphicshahahahahahahahafrom nothing?enjoy your slower cpu.
USB OTG support is really interesting. I wonder if USB can be a viable alternative to ethernet.
But we haven't gotten APUs with HBM on die yet
/v/
50% better than garbage is still relatively garbagemeanwhile on the cpu side of things, enjoy another 5% ipc increase :^AMD is finished!!
5% ipc increase but still 80% faster ipc than AMD has.
50% better graphicsinstead of 50% more coresBut I guess Intel wouldn't want to pull an AMD
what's it like being underage and from /v/
80% faster ipcIt's not that much faster
I thought it was around 50%
Except intel runs at 2-3 GHz speeds, while AMD can run at 4,6GHz clocks without upping the voltages, which comes down to a marginal difference in instructions/sec80%ayyy lmao, how's the shilling paying these days? Enough to pay for a G3258?
iGPU
Except intel runs at 2-3 GHz speedsSo what is the 4790k?
needing a $300 cpu to compete with clock speeds on AMD's $120 cpu'sI heard you liked getting cucked as well
I would not know I don't play games and I am not underage but I will tell you this; I don't buy shitty products which in this case is AMD products.
if you're this tech illiterate why are you on a technology board
clock speeds are a meaningless way to compare processors not in the same architect.
my sideswhy not mount a gaming tri-fold gaming monitor and a gaming retractable gaming keyboard and gaming mouse?
AMD confirmed for garbagefor the last 5 years
anyone butthurt in this thread needs to find a new thread
not planning on discrete yet, but will get much bigger. 120 EU KBL-H, 256 EU CNL-H, 1000+ EU next gen. Mac Pros will be using only Intel graphics ~2019
trannies are in no way better than bears, what the fuck? go away
Too bad the only use of Intels iGPUs, which is old games is not even a option, as their pre DX10 drivers are garbage.
Go from 40 to 60fpsCan't increase AA or resolution
Intel has doubled their R&D budget in the last 5 years. Intel literally spends 3x more on R&D than AMD's market cap, lol. Poor AMDfags BTFO.
More like 7, at least.
You have no idea what you're talking about and you're dumb.You can play plenty of new games on Intel iGPUs at low-medium settings depending on the resolution.
Related, I have the money for a nice cpu/mobo upgrade right now. Is Skylake going to be worth ditching my 8GB of DDR3 memory for?Unlocked Devils Canyon i5+mobo $300Unlocked Skylake i5+mobo+DDR4 ~$420?
Skylake supports both DDR3 and 4, you'd also be retarded to upgrade anyways, it's CPU performance increase is something like 5%
Reading must be hard.
Well I'm upgrading from a Phenom II x4. I though Skylake only used DDR3 memory that could run at 1.25V? Mine is 1.5V
doubled r&d5% increaseyou're literally paying jews to do nothing.
Less TDP more graphics less space more features!Eat shit AMDPOORDAG
Only if you plan on using the integrated GPU.Otherwise the gains will be marginal at best.
I didn't know liking good fast cpus makes me tech illiterate. When you want fast cpu you will always go to Intel because it is best and fastest.
you're literally paying jews to do nothing.You make it sounds like the cpu performance is the only thing that matters.
Apparently, since you can't.
Why can't Intel sell a cheaper unlocked CPU without the iGPU?Why can't we get an unlocked i3?
I'd be sticking around to see how zen turns out. if you're just gaming upgrading from an OC'd phenom 4 wouldn't be a massive fps increase, maybe somewhere around 20%+ in CPU heavy games
The jews need their shekels, that's why.
They're literally jews and you shouldn't be supporting them
Mainly that it will actually be more expensive to produce a separate line of CPU. You will have to redesign the whole thing first.
The thing is starting to get too hot. Even with a completely cleaned case and a hyper 212 evo sitting on top of it, it is getting so hot my computer shuts down. I don't know if this is a side effect of having it oc'ed since I got it in 2009 or what.
When was the last time you applied paste?
50% betterits actually just IG bullshitLiterally no one who buys a high end CPU cares about integrated graphics.
You will have to redesign the whole thing first....Or not.Certainly some of Intel's CPUs come out of manufacturing with unusable GPUs... they could just disable the GPU and sell it as a CPU only.Just like AMD has done in the past and still does.
Last night. I cleaned my whole case and every part in it thinking dust could be the problem. The thing has always misreported the temp so maybe it's falsley setting off the "oh shit it's too hot" alarm, either way I'm ready to be rid of it.
I almost typed this word for word.
Are there any good pastes that don't require re-applications?
So why not save money and just switch over to an 860k build? It'll only be like $150 max. Maybe the metal compounds but those are made more for super overclocking, but if your heatsink is full of dust, dust it.
860k will be way slower than an Intel i3 or up.It is cheap, though.
If my AM3 board could support AM3+ CPUs I would go AMD but if I have to get a new mobo and CPU I might as well join the darkside.
Certainly some of Intel's CPUs come out of manufacturing with unusable GPUs... they could just disable the GPU and sell it as a CPU only.If they have a sufficient supply of chips where ONLY the GPU is defective, I'm sure they'll gladly sell it rather than trash it. But I don't think it is a common enough problem. If a chip is defective, it most likely will impact more than just the GPU.I don't work for Intel and have no idea what common defects are for their shit.
Reminder that in place of iGPU they could have fit twice as many cores. 16-core xeons are real.
Not exactly, but it is 50 dollars cheaperDon't support the jews anon, do you have an SSD yet? What's your GPU? Do you have a 1440p display?
not just getting a Xeon E3-1231V3 and using it with a discrete GPU Shiggy
18 cores actually.
I have a Samsung 840 and a r9 290x.
new generation of our cars have 50% more spare tiresWho. Uses. That.
So why not save money on your CPU and shoot for a korean 1440p display, they're cheap, and work great.
Cars are the shittiest upgrades gen over gen ever.here's your new car with 2km/l more efficiency, lower torque , for 30% more!
Yes, but no one upgrades their car on a 2 year basis.
I don't know many people that upgrade their computer every two years either.
Don't forget 'something something less emissions'As if anyone fuckin cares.
That's why my granddad's car is 20 years old. It's mazda carol autozam mk2. No need to change it.
Most people upgrade their PC a lot more often than 2 years.
this analogyAre you aware tires are expensive, right?

Are you talking about the one where they turned down everything to low @ 720p and made all the games cpu bound instead of gpu bound?
Really? That's your justification"I bought skylake because it the best cpu for old games"Holy shit, the shill is strong in this one.
Most peopleNoMost enthusiasts...maybe, but even then, "most" is pushing it.
Intel Skylake 50% better nice bait
I hate it when reviewers do that. It makes the review completely worthless. Give me some benchmarks of settings I'd actually play at, fuckers.
Cool, Maybe they'll be competitive with AMDs last generation of APUs now
Skylake 50% betterheart racesis the 4690k irrelevant?graphicsInto the trash it goes. DX12 is a flop as well.
Anybody who would buy this.If you are buying a high end CPU and care at all about graphics performance then the IGP will be woefully insufficient and if you don't care then the performance boost is irrelevant anyways.
This. 4690K will be relevant for 10 years, i have Z emo but i don't still need OC for years.
not holding off until Si-Ge 7mm nodes come onlineSilicon development is nearing the limits of what's feasible. Why buy a processor that's all-but-deprecated?
If you are buying a high end CPU and care at all about graphics performance then the IGP will be woefully insufficientHow can you claim this without knowing what the person is doing with their computer?Also how come it's also "if you're buying a high end cpu" , like these graphics improvements aren't going to be passed down to their skylake mobile processors.
From what I've gathered, the STRIX is king of quiet, MSI is king of performance although the Classifieds may have knocked them off that pedestal, and Gigabyte is king of coil whine.Obviously reference is shit.
MSI is king of performanceGigabyte is king of coil whine*tips meme*filtered thread
the ultra 99 GTX xxTi series brah. only costs 4 grand and you can get half an extr FPS. and it has rainbow LED. so cool bro
Gigabyte is king of coil whine[citation needed]
MSI wins quiet performance even if outgunned by louder cards
All have coil whine problems afaik, luck of the draw with coils.
Evga kingpin is the best 980ti,  but it isn't worth the premium.
These. I have them.
The G1 version is currently the best air cooled version.
MemeVGA shill/10

Having only roughly a $300 budget, I pulled the trigger on this card, the Sapphire TRI-X OC R9 290X 4GB.  It's $260 after rebate which made it really attractive.  I usually purchase Nvidia, but after my second ASUS GTX 670 DirectCUII burned out and had to be RMA'd, I thought it was time to jump the Nvidia ship. Did I do good? Could I have done better? Are there known issues with the R9 290X?
You did as good as you could with a 290X, which is fine for most things. It's not the best you can get, but for $260 you didn't fuck it up either
At least I didn't fuck it up.  I think the only thing I'm gonna miss from Nvidia is ambient occlusion, but I think I'll live.
GOOD GPUOOD....PUOD.......UDGPUPUU
Same thing I got.Yes, it's really great.
The only know issue with the 290x - and its a big one - is you are left in the unfortunate position of having a card that is faster than every Nvidia card it is priced against which means you don't get to experience those low framerates and driver gimpings that truly make up The Way Its Meant To Be Played experience.So i'm sorry for informing you of this OP but I hope you can see past this issue.
The only bad thing is you'll never experience the anger of being Jewed by Nvidia again.

, 
Islamic technology
Wanna get ur mind blown?THese are arabic numerals: 1234567890
noNoNO
math
taken from the curryniggers
Algebra is an arabic wordThe Compendious Book on Calculation by Completion and Balancing Arabic: الكتاب المختصر في حساب الجبر والمقابلة, Al-kitāb al-mukhtaṣar fī ḥisāb al-ğabr wa’l-muqābala;[1] Latin: Liber Algebræ et Almucabola is an Arabic treatise on mathematics written by Muḥammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī around AD 820 while he was in the Abbasid capital of Baghdad. Translated into Latin by Robert of Chester in the mid-12th century, it introduced the term "algebra" الجبر, al-ğabr to European languages including English. The Compendious Book provided an exhaustive account of solving for the positive roots of polynomial equations up to the second degree.[2]
A banana for your uranium?
Islamic technology
Right because it really matters what symbols you use, such great technology there. pathetic tbh

Check my arabic numerals tbh
My mind just got fuckin' blown.Did you know a Scotsman was responsible for the depression preceding the French Revolution?
islamic technologyyou mean street lights?
Basically everything that starts with Al is from arab originAlcohol is an arab inventionIslam forbids alcohol
Ever heard of Sabily, the Islamic Linux distribution?
Islam is literally against technological progress
They were once mathematical and  scientific pioneers.How far they have fallen...
Proofs?
Not all early arabs were muslims.
takbir
It was, however, the dominant religion and it is safe to assume many Arab mathematicians and scientists were Muslim.
a-are they going to explode?
Based on and improved on Indian numerals. What 8th and 9th century Indians worked with were different from what Fibonacci found in North Africa a few centuries later.Let 'em bleed out their demographic glut until the chaos exhausts itself, maybe then things will get better for the region.
demographic glutlol this is what impotent kafircucks really believe
SurgeryHospitalsOpticsAlgebraFucking GUITARMedieval Muslims was BASED
not that guy, but it's widely written about in history journals.basically, the muslims controlled the mediterranean at one point. they were the dominant trading power, and took the powerless europeans as slaves. that didn't last very long, beause islam is more hostile to science and new ideas than christianity is. even today, theyre stuck in the feudal age because the quran is so concerned with laws are regulations, as opposed to christian mysticism and soul searchingall hale zarathustra
persians aren't arabs retardyou still haven't proven the anti-technology aspect of islam
OnsdagMajConfirmed for Terrorist OS from Al-Malmödishu
You mean the Byzantines? :^
Being an autist specifically about history journals, it's really not. The downfall of science and philosophy in the Muslim world is a rare subject, and most of the time it's talked about by amateurs with no expertise in that subject just regurgitating what a philosophy hobbyist said 50 years ago.The Byzantines weren't great pioneers in math and science. Not compared to their Latin and Classical Greek predecessors or their Latin and Arab-Persian successors at least.
tfw during the medieval ages we were the shit eating muslims
Who've accomplished more and are much more intelligent than americunts, who are literal gay worshipping shit for brains these days
im not talking about persians. im talking about north africa, spain, and turkey. wtf are you on aboutand I don't really give a fuck, i hate all religions, so I can't quote the quran or specific studies. go google them up yourself if you enjoy history, or if you really want i can dig up some names
ArabuntuNot always. They're not against machine guns, mortars, turrets and useful stuff like that.But computers are an invention of devil and all of it's users must beheaded in the name of Allah.
It's funny because computers are a huge weapon for the IS in the recruitment of western Muslims to their cause.
computers are an invention of devil and all of it's users must beheaded in the name of Allah.That is not 100% accurate.
"recruitment" is a very loose term. It's more about the propaganda of the deed.See explosions for allah, then copycat it. No need for a formal recruitment chain.
Islamic Technology
Was not aware they created the guitar.
You mean the Indians
same tbh
Are they testing the fat in pork too?
It's older than Islam, but it entered Europe through Spain under the Moors, like lots of things did.Andalus was the cutting edge of comfy technology in the Middle Ages..
Many of the ones famous today were active during the golden age of Islam and were obviously Muslims, yes.I wonder if you considered "early" Arabs the pre-islamic ones, though?
Why am I not surprised that swede uses this?SWEDEN YES!
im not talking about persiansyes you werezarathustra
SurgeryHospitalsOpticsPre-Ancient Egypt/Greece
Indians, Chinese, Greeks.Arabs were at the crossroads of trade, they got info from everywhere.
yfw Irannians gave us the Hot Pocket
And Steve Jobs, the fuckers
 cont'dGolden age Islam is really important to European and world history.It preserved western former roman empire etc... knowledge pretty much better than the institutions in the west did, helped fix deficits in roman law and gave key impulses to what is now modern science it's like the fourth alpha version of the scientific method was developed then. They also augmented it with more Asian knowledge, and much more.Frankly, relatively few empires did as good to progress mankind as they did, at least until Europe went secular and scientific, and completely outclassed all past progress in human history by orders of magnitude.
Jobs is German-Syrian my dude.Freddie Mercury was Persian though, but if we learned anything from Ahmadinejad then there are no such thing as gays in Iran.
the proper golden age of islam didn't even happen... yet
 You're talking about the Ottomans who are neither Turks nor Arabs. The Ottomans conquered Constantinople from the Byzantines and essentially took control of a good chunk of the Middle East and Northern Africa. They even controlled parts of Greece where they kidnapped children, educated them, and made them high ranking officials in their palaces. As for Islam being anti-technology that's not based on religious text Quran or Hadiths but the inability for most Muslims countries to develop at the same rate as the Western world because of various social, political and economic factors.We have to also keep in mind that technology in the West has progressed at an alarming rate over the last 30 years or so because North America has become the new center of The World compared to Europe or the Mediterranean at the time. The brightest minds of the ever evolving World will no longer be found in Italy, Germany, Jerusalem, Damascus, or Cairo, but in the metropolitan cities of the United States
It happened but at the cost of Indian literature/knowledge. Many got into Muslim hands through pillaging, but loads more were lost in the burnings of the monasteries/libraries/etc. Afghanista/Pakistan had a rich Buddhist history before their destruction/sacking by the muslims.
So is algorithm.
They used it for alchemy another Arabic word from Greek
No, these are arabic numbers
How can technology be religious?
Lord shelton, please teach me the ways of alchemy.
No, they both are.
Wrong though. It's just that Islam world got left out by the western world renaissance after Ottoman got the Constantinople.
Decent read if you're interested: 
ubuntu with prayer app pre-installedliterally worse than elementary
Hey Anon!You're good with computers, right?Can you take a look at mine?
yeah I'm pretty good at fixing macbooks
Please just gut yourself you god damned fucking autistic nigger
Yeah, that'll be $30 an hour.
"I promise you that within 5 minutes I will find anything secret you have on there. Are you still fine with this?"
But we're friends, Anon!Can't you do it as a favor?
Let me pee inside your vagoo
right, let me think for a moment [spoiler]no[/spoiler]
Hey Jen!You're good at drawing, right?Can you paint me a portrait?
Bitch please. You haven't given me any "favours". $30/h or gtfo.
you can go to best buy and get your wallet raped or you can ask me
Quality thread, there m8.10/10
Sure, for $150 an hour.
"I said fucking fix my computer for free you autistic shit"
I seriously don't understand why you guys are posting anime all over /g/ to this gross extent you have of late. Could you please moderate your irrelevant reaction-image usage?
beta anon bullied by a woman to do free labor
I will give you the answer I tell all whores like yourself. Fuck off.

AM I BEING DETAINED
implying I don't look like the kind of weirdo who would copy all the images and go through everythingThe easiest way to not be asked to repair shit is to look creepy
Just hand them their machine back with a fresh coat of cum stains.

posts a screencap of a picturei shiggy diggybut will let you off because Tamamo best girl
Do I work there? As a helpdesk guy? If yes and no, then I'll look and say "yeah, it looks great". If yes and yes, then I'll fix it. And if no and no, then I don't get it.
thing to do here is take the computer home, download everything private she has on it, install RAT, maybe fix the issue, return.
Are you feminist?
not even recovering deleted datapleb
deal with it MioI don't like fixing people's shitty computers, so I price my services at a level that makes it worthwhile.Up until $150 an hour, I'd rather make 0 dollars and spend 0 hours dealing with someone's PC problems.
INSTALL GENTOO
Wow, I'm glad I graduated away from you
I'll look at yours if you look at mine.
Probably to counter /pol/ presence in here.
Do you _enjoy_ dealing with plebs and fixing the same 10 windows problems over and over, or do you just think your free time is worthless?
My entire existence is worthless
It's been here for well over a year. Just take a look at the front page of /g/ and look at how they've contained literally most of the frequent users into a select few threads.
...oh
/g/'s frequent users? I don't understand what you're trying to say.
Do you realize girls don't mind being asked for a quickie when you do favors for them?It's literally just a meat popsicle to them, as long as it's moderatly clean they will NOT mind.
Don't believe him Anons, he's trying to trick you into an awkward position
sex adviceon /g/Yeah, no.
4chan is an anime website. Deal with it.
Oh look at this guy, afraid of being rejected are we? It's not like you want to interact with that girl as a friend anyway. Ask her to suck your dick, if she doesn't, well at least she's not bothering you for computer help anymore.
I seriously don't understand why you guys are posting anime all over /g/ to this gross extent you have of late.You know that 4chan was created by a 15-year old weeaboo that stole the source code from a Japanese fan-forum aka image board for anime and manga, right?
But we're friends ;_;
Keep telling yourself that :^
Yeah i bet you ask girls for quickies all the time and have had sex with hundreds of women, thanks for the advice
pretending to be I FUCK DEM HOES EVRY DAY ALPHA MALE on an anonymous image board for consumer electronics
No actually I've only done this 3 times and I was rejected all 3 times. So I dunno, maybe I'm just a creepy idiot.
Well, instead of a bj you could, I dunno, just ask them if they want to grab a coffee with you after the work is done and then take it from there.In my experience, being a creepy idiot myself, it takes some work and convincing in order to charm a girl enough to have sex with you. But in the end, it usually works out.
Also, alcohol. I don't think I would have ever gotten laid if it weren't for alcohol. I've met all my gfs on parties and drinking was involved the first time we hooked up.
let me lick your poopy first.
Yeah that's true. I dunno, interacting with girls seriously just seems like too much effort. Hell, maintaining friendships has become a chore too. I used to be "cool" but once I finished uni that all just fell apart.
No because this will happen.
I forgot how funny TIC was.
or you can ask me4reap?
Or the episode when jen brings out "the internet" and explains typing google into google breaks the internet.
That works if you're already good friends with them, actually. It's just that most people stupid enough to still ask for computer help are not people I would consider to be friends, but rather simply acquaintances.Rule of thumb, advice I don't have to work at or think about much is free, but anything more is going to cost something.Over the past 6 months I've gotten two successful blowjobs and one makeout session out of it. No outright sex, but 3 overnight cuddling sessions though And one subsequent 'just for fun', but she was high.Maybe $300 all together from those who declined. Most of which laughed. Not really sure how to feel about that.
No outright sex, but 3 overnight cuddling sessions thoughAnon, you are doing it wrong. Overnight cuddling sessions are the cost you pay for the sex. If you have the overnight cuddling session and you *don't* end up having sex or getting blown/a HJ at a minimum, all you will have done is waste your own time and given yourself a painful case of blue-balls.
You're either lying or very good looking.
You're silly. I love cuddling.
The latter, supposedly. A good helping of heavy narcissism that gives an air of confidence and being a good source for illicit substances helps too.
being a junkie
REEEEEEEEEEEE
Yep, thats a computer. Looks like its a Dell Optiplex, classic old machine.
Nah I'm not good with conputers I just sit on one all day because I'm a socially awkward mess Chad takes electrical engineering though he might be able to help
O-of course I can, M-Maria.. What's the p-p-problem?
look at computer"looks nice"continue with my business
take programmer jobhave to share small cube with bossthere are several open cubes around the buildingindicate many times preference for having own cube, for better focus, less distractionsone of those people who is ten times more productive when aloneboss says "communication" and "having team in one place" more importantdon't want to arguelots of talking followed by awkward silence when NOT talkingfeel uncomfortable listening to music because I have to respond if asked somethingam I right in being upset? Is this normal? Don't get me wrong, the guy is nice, but this seems absurd to me. I already made my position clear, I don't want to and shouldn't have to argue.Also, the attire is business casual leaning more towards the business side which seems out of date for an IT office in 2015.
stop being a twit.alsoout of date for ITOh lay off you neckbeard.
Open workspaces are a shitty meme, but you just have to adapt to this. You're coming off as a special snowflake to your boss and your coworkers right now. That's not a good thing.
He wants to have sex with you. I also prefer full business attire.  Fuck this business casual meme.
Go find a job at some startup in Frisco if you want all that hip and trendy bullshit.
I already made my position clear, I don't want to and shouldn't have to argue.PROTIP: You're working with a team now.Talk to them, or you will have problems down the line.There are various treatments for agoraphobia.
quit. tell him that he;s a creep and needs to fuck off
if you just started working there, shut up.No matter the job, you shut up for the first month.Anything weird you see, you don't try to fix it, you don't ask questions. Just shut up.
boss says "communication" and "having team in one place" more importantHe's right
stop being a twit.It's actually not so much about my comfort, although that's a part. I work twice as fast when I have privacy and no conversations about TV shows I don't watch and so forth.You're coming off as a special snowflake to your boss and your coworkers right now. That's not a good thing.Actually almost everyone else in the building of 300+ people have their own cube, maybe 10 people share. So I'm not being a snowflake by asking for my own. In fact I've been unusually accepting for tolerating it so far without raising complaints beyond stating my preference once. None of the women share cubes at all and most of them don't even work five days a week.It's been a couple months
We have email, screen share, an instant message program, and the closest open cube is fifteen feet awayMost of the communication is not about the work but tv
Talking outside of work related matters is unnecessary. You should keep your work and personal life separate. Talking about the ebin football game last night is pointless and wastes time.
If you don't have your own damn office where you can work in peace and have privacy when you need it and not have people constantly walking past you looking over your shoulder then you fucked up. You fell for the open floor plan meme and you chose to work there knowing that would be the kind of environment, if you really don't like it and you can't adjust to it then I guess you shouldn't have taken that job.
why the fuck would you mention 'awkward silence'?  are you two staring into each others fucking eyes all day or what?  just do your god damn job
I think OP just wants to dick around at work and is upset that he can't with his boss so close
Is this what life is like when you work in tech? That sounds pretty depressing.Glad I'm just in /g/ for fun and this isn't actually my life and career.
That's a good way to remain a miserable code monkey for life.
no.  unlike what /g/ wants you believe, working in tech is a social job unless you are a help desk drone who sits in the basement.also, windows is king.  another thing the tools here will never admit
When I worked programming that's what it was like. Help desk is a lot more fun and social though.
I'm guessing that's what it's like in large corporations like the one in OP's pic but it's the exact opposite in startups. Half of all my closest friends are former coworkers from my last two jobs, both of which were at startups. We used to sneak into parties and go on road trips even when we were working together.
Alright well I hope you're right.And I was pretty shocked when I found out the control room terminals for the chemical plant I work at run Windows 7. I was helping the automation engineer with them and he had to restart all of the computers because they slow down after too much uptime. I thought /g/ told me all that important stuff runs on GNU/Linux.
Working support and having R&D in the same building , I can confirm this.
take software engineer jobboss is a huge assholepeople keep stealing shit off my deskone day decide to complain about the copy machine being too close to my cubicle among other various transgressions on my personal spaceasshole boss fires merefuse to leavekeep going to workno one notices or cares I've been firedstill working here 8 years later still getting checksPeople still keep stealing my shit tho
High uptime is not a good thing for a general-purpose computer.The higher your uptime is, the tighter you have to clench your anus when you eventually have to reboot.Put a GTX480 in your work computer.
Kek.  I've gotten over 200 days uptime on a Windows 7 laptop.  Wasn't slow at all.  Overtemp from dust shut it down unfortunately.
My Windows machines occasionally make it 2 weeks without a reboot.  I'm not about to leave an internet-connected machine go without updates.
The updates were impressive after the 200 day run...  65000 of em iirc
WindowsKingAt the place I work, the windows machines are glorified terminals, used solely to ssh into the unix macines.Pretty much everyone there hates the windows machines also, and wishes we just had ubuntu boxes to run the stuff locally on....Anyway, my point is if you're doing any technical job, if windows is king, then unixes are queen. And women tend to be good at getting all the money.
There are various treatments for agoraphobia.Like?
Well at this plant all the actual automated control is handled by microcontrollers and those are connected to several servers which could well be running some sort of unix and then the windows computers I was talking about are just terminals. But still, those are the terminals that are used by the plant operators to monitor and manually control stuff, so that's still pretty critical.
unix machinesYou mean Linux.
"hey, need to go get a coffee"okay surewait 15 minutesHurl every bag of coffee in the building over the cubicle wall and retreat quickly before anyone knows it was youlock yourself in someone else's private office, wear headphones and blast music so you can't hear anything and have a stereo next to the door playing repeated cryingget programming work doneThis is literally all you have to do.
No, I mean unix.Solaris, IBM AIX, and redhat just off the tip of my tongue, and I'm sure theirs more. These are a mismash of ancient machines, some of them are 20 years old, easy.
Drinking.
Yeah, but the windows machines are just being used as terminals.That's pretty common, although a bit sad IMO.Either way, knowing unix is a pretty damn vital skill in the tech workforce, it'll be a big resume boost. It tends to be eitherA Pure secretary, all your time in MS office on windowsB Standard engineer mix, some proprietary tools on windows like autocad, maybe some office, but important stuff on unix boxes that you remote into. C Full unix, server admin, programmer, etc.
Yeah, the whole open workspaces meme is trending right now because in theory it's supposed to increase productivity but a lot of places are slowly flinding out that isn't really the case.
Autism: the post
Isn't Redhat actually Linux though?
Yes. But I'm referring to linux also when I say unixes, even if technically it might not be, no one makes that distinction.

Linux has been dominating UNIXs for a while now in servers. UNIX remains for niche applications though.
Yes, I know.Hence why I mentioned some of these machines are 20 years old.But if you learn linux, you'll be fairly comfy in the other unixes, and vice versa.
We are 70% Solaris in the stock exchange world. 20% redhat, 5% Windows, 5% AIXMigrating more toward RHEL 7.1, but it's slow going. Unix is still king in the low latency, medium bandwidth world.
being this beta
Maybe he just really needed you to get on those tps reports
You are. Programmers need to be respected more. For instance my work allows us to negotiate key parts of our project we made it open source and in GoLang don't ask why and we each get our own little office and our attire is 100% casual. Your boss obviously doesn't respect you or the skill that you have and I'm pretty sure they think of your job as insignificant/easy.
FriscoYou're just jealous because you're stuck in Mesquite working at Braum's.
 all the important stuff runs on GNU/LinuxFor servers in science and industry, this is true. And I don't necessarily mean internet servers either. Lots of science and industrial equipment that runs 24/7 and accepts connections from clients for control have a small linux distro powering them. Almost everything front-end e.g. control room terminal for chemical plant runs windows though.
business casualThis is the worst part. No one should really care what you're wearing in the office as long as you're wearing something. If you're going to meet someone important/clients then just go for the full business attire. Business casual was made up by stuck up bosses who though they didn't have enough power.
Meetings with clients and bigwigs aren't always planned though.
sys admin for government10 mins of work a day at the busiestsometimes no work at allentire building to myselfspend my day either shitposting or walking to other buildings to talk with coworkers
So then you go there with your normal work clothes. If you're a dev there really shouldn't be a reason to play dress up for the boss.Personally I won't get a job that requires business casual. It's either whatever I happen to put on when I wake up or it's high enough position to warrant actual business attire. Another requirement I won't give up on is having flexible hours. I'm not a factory worker there is absolutely no need for me to be at work exactly at 7/8/9 o'clock. Shouldn't really matter at what time I'm at work as long as I'm there for the meetings, get my work done in time and am at least reachable during common work hours so people can contact me.
women queenputting pussy on a petestalNice one fag, that's the reason you will never fuck any bitch. Stop betaorbiting and stop comparing people to some fuckig OS's.
You guys have SUCH fucking attitudes for the sort of work you do... you honestly think your support roles within your businesses are important enough to allow you to skirt the dress code? It's a matter of making yourself presentable for your colleagues and to show a level of respect for them and your work. This is why many of your bosses can't WAIT to replace you glorified tech janitors with offsite discount code monkies and on-call IT support companies.I honestly don't understand where you people get your attitudes from, but I'm sick of the precedent/reputation you've set and how everyone expects me to be a mousey, twitchy, unkempt lunatic just because I have a CS degree. Thank god I left that world behind - in the meantime, before you're replaced, enjoy your wage ceilings!
I've managed to entirely purge this movie title from my memory, what the fuck was it called?
I obviously replied to the wrong post - my apologies.Also, OP, I agree with your position and think you're entitled to be upset. A good manager accommodates his subordinates to a reasonable degree to allow them to do their best work - to allow them to thrive. He sounds like a stubborn jackass, and not at all like the sort of person who ought to be managing anyone.
Office Space. Character referenced is Milton.I believe you have my stapler, Anon.
I respect myself too much to not dress comfy.Office Space
If you're a dev there really shouldn't be a reason to play dress up for the boss.If your employer insists on a formal dress code to sit in front of a computer all day, that is indicitave of a larger problem in the company. Just find a job elsewhere.
thats what you get for having a job, normie
not getting ALL the job offers because you insist on wearing a tie at work anywayT-shirt squad can go off themselves
I don't skirt around the dress code. I just outright refuse to work for any company that has dress code other than clean decent clothes for their regular office workers. It's something I ask before signing anything. I've been going to work in shorts and a t shirt for all summer and so has mostbof the other guys who are here. I'm more productive when I can be in clothes that are comfy. Even the guys in charge of everything are in jeans or shorts depending on the weather most of the time.If your employer insists on a formal dress code to sit in front of a computer all day, that is indicitave of a larger problem in the company. Just find a job elsewhere.This. There is absolutely no reason for me to dress in a certain way to do my job. I understand why certain people would need to dress in a full business attire when they're acting as a representative of the company or are high enough in the organisation to warrant it. Same thing with the schedule. There is absolutely no need for me to be at work at the exact same time every single day just because the higher ups want that. Along with the dress code flexible schedule is one of the requirements I'm not willing to give up when getting a new job.
It's called the comfy squad ok
Not just being so good at what you're doing that people don't care what you wearBrown nosing corporate ladder climbing squad please leave.
It seems like a pretty reasonable train of thought, if your company requires you to do a bunch of more or less pointless shit to keep you in line, then they're incapable of correctly managing anyone or anything.If you can't be trusted to dress yourself, then you can almost guarantee you're going to be micromanaged directly into the ground.
How did you get that job?What were your most useful qualifications when you were trying to get it?Sounds like something to aim for.
Ties are for dweebs, even if the rest of the suit is for winners.
I have worked in a dozen different IT workplaces so far and no one had cubes. Open space offices are the thing now.feel uncomfortable listening to music because I have to respond if asked somethingI know this kinda sucks, refrain for a couple month until you are well inserted in the team, then slowly start using headphones when you need to concentrate and let the others take the hint that "I'm using headphones when I'm being productive, don't distract me unless it's urgent stuff"
muh gaymergateJust quit now.  Office work is not for you.
business casualmonitored by the boss all the timeI would rather an hero than get a job like that.As for cubicles, they sure beat open landscape offices. But the best is having an office, even sharing it with up to three other people in the team.
i hate having to communicate with my teami hate having to wear business clothing while working for a businesYou know how douchey you sound?
How would /tech/ create a air conditioner in the mid 1700s that could keep the king of England and his visitors cool?
its called rocks
swamp cooler, which already existed at the time
oonga boonga
Pump air through a long tube through deep water.Pump water throughout the castle.It'd be one of those old fashioned air blowers, and the water pump would be like the one used for air in the Great Escape.The tubing would be made of wicker reinforced leather and a chainmail coating so the sharks can fuck off.I'd also build a few massive pulley fans bringing in air from the side of the castle that was the coldest.Servants would operate the pumps and pulley fans.
punkawallah
We call it /g/ here anon. /tech/ is at that other one. The ocho.
youtube.com/watch?v=fmO-ziHU_D8
fuck that shit
oh i remember this shitthe strategy is a bullshit way to win in a debate, by making it seem you are deathly into your "cause"some anon said that he used to be in a debate class or something and it really just devolved into that hyperventilating bullshit and that the entire class thought it was insane to talk normally
another video of retards doing it
Ask /diy/. Or even maybe /o/.No one on /g/ knows a god damn fucking thing mechanical.Come back when you want to make the background on your text based Linux distro a naked Chinese cartoon loli
holy shitsomeone shoot this school up pls
Is this really a thing? Cheat codes for debates? How long until lawyers pick this shit up and the courts devolve into monkey playhouses.
Build a long network of tunnels with fans powered by windmills or some shit, and blow air through those to cool the king's room.
Make the slaves/prisoners blow through long straws
Throw him in a lake as has been told by St. Cecillia who shall ordain him as God and the only one King of Britain.Or get niggers to fan him.
 harem of asian girls with fans wine
High ceilings. OMG HOT AIR RISES IT'S MAGIC!
That and a thick ass slab of stone or concrete as foundation. Better yet, build as close to bedrock as possible. Ever wonder why medieval churches/cathedrals stay so cool?
It's called policy debate. Points are awarded based upon how many arguments you make and how many arguments of your opponents you can rebut. Issues are assigned ahead of time so everyone has ample time to research every little minutia, so the limiting factor is how fast you can say your argument, meaning talking faster is a huge advantage. This isn't meant to be a spectator thing.
Oxford style  all elseas far as how fun it is to watch/listen to
there is no reason why i couldnt have a bunch of watch makers or jewelers hammer out a two gigantic radiators sealed with whiskey alcohol under high pressure, while being driven by an a massive impelling screw compressor, also sealed with a leather gasket within the unit,then have another group of people working a huge fan which blows the cold compressed air at the party
I don't think anyone had a problem keeping cool in castles and shit.It was keeping warm that was the problem dude.
Free piston Stirling cooler
 Free piston Stirling cooler Stirling engine anything mid 1700syeah, manufacturing/machining tech wasn't quite there, friend
Bunch of darkies with giant palm fronds.
The romans had it.
build underground
It'd be crude but doable
amerifats
, 
How can you come here everyday and scroll past this section blindly. There is no mention of 'windows' or 'gaming' or 'buying advice' anywhere in the sticky post at the top of the board. Then why the fuck are you coming HERE for your windows shit and gaming shit and product advice. Take it else where.Last time I check its said installgento.com, not fucking windows.bot.net. Please stop posting windows/nsa 10 shit."""The /g/ Wiki:is for the discussion of technology and related topics./g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site."""PS thats a picture of Stallman, the guy behind GNU. Don't like it, go shit talk else where and take the circlejerk with you.
This board isn't Linux tech support.  Take your freetardism to /pol/.
Can I install gentoo on a 4gb flash drive and boot from it for freedom on the go?
RMS doesnt even like gentoo, its just a joke
So...What mousepad should I get?  Tired my my Razer veapala
Sorry! This site is experiencing technical difficulties.
some people are interested in computer because of computers some people are interested in computers because of cool looking technology magazines. these are the people that buy expensive shit to impress people. salesmen also come here to survey what the general public think about products, hype up products, and check the responses to their hype. these are the people that blindly scroll past a large selection of the best computer reference material so they can post pictures of their computer desks.if you want to impress, set up a server on a laptop and make some services
Found out for myself: 
It's shit
If my isp only does dynamic ip, can I still have a domain point to my laptop?
When will it b be back up?
There is no mention of 'windows' or 'gaming' or 'buying advice' anywhere in the sticky post at the top of the board./g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.
Don't worry, for the past year /g/ has been turning more and more into /pol/. This is what happens when you don't tell them to fuck off right away.
Yes.There's no-ip and other dynamic dns stuff.
Desktop thread?Desktop thread.
Stallman's image in the sticky is a joke. Not enough people know of Patrick Volkerding to properly worship him.
/g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.Mods need to actually start enforcing this shit. This summer has been the absolute worst in terms of shilling and shitposting.
/g/ is for the discussion of technology and related topics.Then why the fuck are you getting mad about people discussing Windows, the operating system?Why the fuck are you getting mad about people discussing the iPhone or Macs?Why the fuck aren't you getting mad about desktop threads, homescreen threads, all the subreddits and generals, HELP ME threads?Most people here are just fucking freetards who are too uncomfortable to even let other people have conversations about topics that don't concern them, and it's infuriating.
"WAAAAHHHHHH, Remember when /g/ used to be good?"Nope
It was nowhere near as bad in 2013 as it is now. Maybe 2013 was just a good year.
reverse engineering threadsdecent programming threadsthreads discussing CPU/GPU technology that didn't devolve into retards spewing ebin maymaysnowhere near the amount of shilling that there is nowtwo actually decent tripfags who contributed to meaningful technology discussion, TheFalcon and reverse/g/ was the board that first got me interested in computers and programming.At least there used to be gems in the cesspool that is /g/, now it's nothing but shit.
because he's a newfag and thinks this is a Linux board. It's the summer of reddit.
It really is.
99% of Wangblows and iBotnet are just fucking fox grape retards that think they belong here because they can reinstall Windows.All the threads mentioned in  are absolute shit and we have 6 gorillion a day, they're babby-tier shit and nothing of value is gained from them. Anyone on /g/ with any real knowledge is bored shitless by them. All they do is bring in useless faggots with no ability to comprehend anything beyond consumer technology which just brings down the whole tone of the board. This shit discourages any form of higher level discussion and is fucking infuriating.I would rather have a slow board then this shit we're currently experiencing.
This board is shit. Excuse me while I go to back to the chan that starts with the last digit on this thread's number.Fucking censorship
higher level discussionbrings down the whole tone of the board/g/implying this board is above neckbeard autist levelkek
Oh shut up with the memes, /g/ used to have a sizable contingent of college students and people in tech-related industries. You probably haven't been here for more than a year, why don't you fuck off back to reddit?
Oh so you are windows supporter.Right this way dickhead
DAMN ITIt's perfect, except that it only has space for a couple of SSDs, no normal hard drive. What a crippling issue. Other than that it is immaculately designed, god-tier pricing, optional great inclided PSU, the works. But no space for a hard drive. Fuck, fractal. I know you save money on the case and PSU, and a 1TB SSD is only like $300, but still
I must say that this case is very, very much aesthetically pleasing. You don't need hard drives because, like a good gentooman, you should have built your NAS/sickbeard box
If I can fit my gtx 670 in there I want one.
What about a 2.5 inch hard drive?
Why bother? Just go with a pair of 240/256 SSDs.500gb is plenty and if you need more use an external 1tb.
Nobody uses hard drives anymore you fucking luddite.2 - 2.5″ SSD unit positionsIs a 2.5" 2TB drive not enough for you?  Are you some kind of hoarder too poor or stupid to have a NAS?
if you don't blow $5000 on 2TB of drive space u're a retarded poorfag lmaoThe SSD shills have arrived.
what is a 2.5 inch mechanical drivejesus fuck op do you think laptops have 3.5 inch drives
2.5" hard drives don't existthey weren't in literally every laptop up until like 4 years ago
Good to see more case variety for my living room Steam Machine project.
I'd like a blu-ray drive/DVD/CD drive though.
I wish they'd use a magnet for branding so you can remove it or place it somewhere else.So many great cases ruined with branding.
Silverstone RVZ02 for an even smaller case.It's too soon to ditch 3.5" drives for fucks sake.
This one allows the scythe big shuriken to be used.The Fractal design goes up to 56 but the closes cooler is only 44mm high.
all these nice small casesI should have gone mITX instead of mATX.
I'm considering turning my ATX into an mITX to save space and also because I don't need a big case. H440 is BTFO
It's sad that there is no perfect case on the market right now.Antec P183 V3 was the best, for its time, but it only has 12cm fan slots, and only one slot on the top. And the optical bays aren't removable. The side panels are incredible though.Antec P100 was a step up from the atrocity that was the P200, but it has no space between the mobo tray and the hdd caddies if your motherboard has the SATA connectors right between the two cable routing holes, you are fucked, the HDD trays are plastic, it has not dedicated SSD slot, and the front panel buttons are a joke. It's a pretty cheap case though.Fractal Design Define R5 is the closest to being as good as the P183 used to be, though the side panels are still not as good. My biggest problem with it is that the side panels are faced upward, aren't covered, and include both the start and reset buttons. Which means dust can get into the connectors easier, and you may hit the power button if your case is under the desk & you store stuff on it like a gamepad.I wish they'd make a P183 alternate version, that has two 4x hdd bays, 12/14 cm fan slots including two at the top, and 2 or maximum 3 optical drive bays. That would be perfect.
It looks silk screened on, so you could easily remove it.
Goddamn this is a fucking nice case. It's becoming really hard to resist the urge to make a Mini-ITX gaming Windows/Hackintosh machine.
we need to go thinner!
that thing is massive and the smallest onestill big can barely take any hardware.
But that's not a problem in the least OPWestern Digital makes a 750gb 2.5" drive in their black series for $58Literally what are you complaining about?
I would say the Define R5 is essentially perfect, especially being under $100. I definitely don't think it has any competitors for its quality, in fact I'd take it over many cases many times the price. Fractal has outdone themselves. You're right though, it can be a little easier for dust to get into a topside switch/port, but I ultimately think it's the best place for them. It's really convenient in a lot of ways for them to be on top, and the slightly sloped potion they sit on means you'll pretty much never hit them accidentally. I keep all kinds of stuff atop my R5 and I've never had any issue.
This. I pity the fool who needs more than 1TB of storage in any user-facing computer.
immaculately designed? The front panel looks horrible, and that ugly logo there.I don't know what you are smoking
ProgramsMediaDocumentsVMs
User-facing. If you have more than 1TB worth of shit, build a NAS. Doing so only costs about $200-300 above the base cost of the hard drives you put into it, and it's a much more elegant solution than just cramming more drives into your desktop. It frees you up to explore other form factors, like mini-ITX and all-in-ones. You'd be very surprised which computers are viable when you don't have to worry about hard drive capacity.
If you have more than 1TB worth of shit, build a NAS.Only really useful for desktops in a home.and it's a much more elegant solution than just cramming more drives into your desktopIt's also much slower.It frees you up to explore other form factors, like mini-ITXI don't see why I should care about mini-ITX.Maybe if I had to carry the computer around, along with the NAS if I wanted decent speeds.and all-in-ones.You mean pre-built AIOs?I'd rather not deal with shit power circuitry/caps and sub-par BIOS support/features.
only useful for desktops in a homeI fail to see what you're getting at here. If you're not at home, you're either carrying a laptop, which is generally restricted to a maximum of 2 2.5" HDDs just like OP's mITX case, or you're at a workstation at your job, in which case your employer is probably providing whatever space you need to do your job. By definition, the only place there's a question of choosing between putting your drives in a local machine or in a NAS is at home. It's not even an option in another situation.It's also much slower.Not in a really appreciable way. I run a bloated-ass Xubuntu NAS that I built out of bargain-basement parts and aged hard drives, and I still have no complaints about the responsiveness of the XBMC thin clients throughout my house.I don't see why I should care about mini-ITX.It's more attractive, and one of the factors preventing you from building a more attractive computer that works exactly as well as your big-ass mid/full tower is the need for local hard drives.Above all, flexibility is good, and a NAS affords your all the flexibility you need. Once you have it, it doesn't matter what OS your clients are running, it doesn't matter which machines are on and which ones are off, it doesn't matter whether any given client is on WiFi or Ethernet, it doesn't matter what form factor the client is in, it doesn't matter whether you're able to swap out the clients' hard drives. Nothing matters on the client side. It's so liberating.
SSD for OS and 2.5" mechanical for movies. I'm assuming you're using this for non gaming or as a HTPC.
I'm assuming you're using this for non gaming or as a HTPC.No, gaming and some 3d modeling/general editing.
network lag for VMs, games, etclel, dumb kids.  Keep believing in the corporate brainwashing that we're all moving our data off of the PC and you need an overpriced, unreliable, tiny little drive.
Good cheap build for a NAS? Like how good of a cpu will it need
It barely needs one. You can get away with buying one of those CPU/motherboard combo dealies, if you can find one that has enough SATA ports for you.As far as SATA goes, don't expect to see more than six ports on a motherboard, and expect to pay a premium for the few boards that do have more than six.As far as cases go, I've had a lot of success with the Fractal Node 302. It's a great mini-ITX case with space for six 3.5" HDDs. It supports full-size ATX PSUs, too, which gives you a lot of options on that front, but make sure you opt for modular, because it doesn't have any room for cable management for that fucking rat's nest that non-modular PSUs generate.
unreliableSSDs are way less fragile than HDDs.  You can throw them down the stairs in the middle of a write and they'll be fine.I don't feel the need to store every game ever on my drive forever, and VMs belong on a server anyway.If I wanted to play a game, I could start the download, go take a piss and get something to drink, then come back and play it.
What sort of wattage do you need to run 6 hdds?
Not that much. You're usually only using one at a time, unless you're doing ZFS or something. A 400W PSU should be more than adequate.
Last time I checked it was about 10 watts each.Unless you stagger their spin-up, you'll also have to keep the much higher starting load in mind.
you're either carrying a laptop, which is generally restricted to a maximum of 2 2.5" HDDsNot really, they're restricted to 4 storage drives at the high-end, although not necessarily all of them 2.5".E.g. Dell Precision Mobile M6800 can hold 3 2.5" devices and an mSATA device. Stick in an mSATA 2TB Samsung SSD and 3 2.5" 2TB HDDs and you've got 8TB.the only place there's a question of choosing between putting your drives in a local machine or in a NAS is at homesee aboveNot in a really appreciable way.Maybe for your use case.I run a bloated-ass Xubuntu NAS that I built out of bargain-basement parts and aged hard drives, and I still have no complaints about the responsiveness of the XBMC thin clients throughout my house.Depends on the size of your house and connectivity, along with how much you're willing to spend on it.There's large latencies regardless.It's more attractiveBy your opinion.and one of the factors preventing you from building a more attractive computer that works exactly as well as your big-ass mid/full tower is the need for local hard drives.My room isn't small, I don't need to worry about running out of space.Above all, flexibility is good, and a NAS affords your all the flexibility you need.I agree it's nice for media access, provided it works and you have good connectivity.and a NAS affords your all the flexibility you need.It's certainly not all the flexibility I need.Once you have it, it doesn't matter what OS your clients are running, it doesn't matter which machines are on and which ones are off, it doesn't matter whether any given client is on WiFi or Ethernet, it doesn't matter what form factor the client is in, it doesn't matter whether you're able to swap out the clients' hard drives. Nothing matters on the client side. It's so liberating.I'd consider equipping a NAS if I had the time to set it up and debug it.I'd still want space for a few HDDs in my PC and laptop, regardless.
ZFS master race
The problem with ZFS is that, while it's very good, it jacks up the cost of your NAS setup considerably through its relatively astronomical RAM requirements. I have a JBOD-style Xubuntu NAS running, and it's something like 24TB at this point. Jesus, I'd need so much RAM.
Hey /g/How can I make a NAS that is able to withstand occasional power loss? I want to set up a torrent box/proxy in when I go back to curryland so I can download torrents there and send them to me somehow. I'll worry about the mechanics later, but is there a way to have a system that restarts properly when power comes back, and doesn't fry if there's power outages a few times a year?
Looking on local classifieds to find old systems i can harvest for a frankenstein creation
Just remember that the point of a NAS is reliability. It defeats the purpose if you inadvertently deploy shitty parts that are on their last legs. Don't cut too many corners, or you'll just end up with confetti.
UPS
With a UPS and your operating system configured to shut down gracefully on power loss.
The obvious answer is "a UPS", but this question has been on my mind for a long time too.I've had this idea in my head about a cell phone that lasts for about a week, and, when texted, triggers a mechanism that hits the power button. Kind of like an IED, except it's a fing-long-er instead of a bomb.
I'll probably have to use a small UPS, yeah. I was hoping for something that can die when power dies and come back when power does, but is that too much?
Also quads confirm I'm gonna come up with such a system.
Anything that can do that is going to be significantly more expensive than a UPS and auto shutdown software
Then make sure you use a journaling file system.If the power fails during a write operation, data will be lost, but hopefully the file system will stay intact.
probably need a server board.
You'd only need around 24GB. IIRC, the ratio is 1:1. 24GB of ram isn't all that expensive, only around 150-250 bucks.
That's a lot, when the previous total cost of the NAS build sans hard drives was $270.
The node 202 build I want is an estimated 446w on pcpartpicker, and I'm getting the one with the 450w PSU already installed. Fractal seems confident in it, and it's 80+ bronze rated.That's only a 4w difference. Wow. I can't think of how to cut it closer. Would this be a stupid idea?
A good PSU will remain stable, even above the wattage it's specced for. I once powered an HD 6990 on a 750W PSU. PSU calculators told me I shouldn't, but I did it anyway, and I never had any serious issues.
4790kalmost at psu limitgoing to overclockfuck urself u dumb idiot XD
Would this be a stupid idea?Yes, you're entirely too close to the limit.Just use the master tier-list for PSUs.with reviews on techpowerup and jonnyguru.
That's the problem, though. You pretty much have to get the node 202 that comes with that power supply. It has cables shortened to just the right length, and that's really critical to building in the node 202, bordering on being the only real option, since even with the perfect length cables from fractal, it's still a tight squeeze. I'm more looking for alternative parts to lower my power draw.
Start with the 4790K, there are i7s with much lower power draw.the 4790SJust remember to cross-check with reviews/benchmarks to see whether the performance loss is acceptable.
*wrong link
My desktop only has a 120GB SSD, that doesn't stop me from accessing 6TB of content on my server.
 OPimmaculately designed? The front panel looks horrible, and that ugly logo there.I don't know what you are smokingLook at dis emachine lookin ass nigga right hur.
Define R5 / S depending on if you want optical bays or pure watercooling.
Last I checked they make 2.5" HDDs
Home Server General -- Come talk about your server projects and other home server bullshit in here. I bought this Xi3 X5A thing off eBay for really cheap as a replacement for something much shittier, to use as a basic Web+PHP/IRCd/whatever box because low-end ARM can't parse PHP worth a shit. I'm currently trying to secure a non-shit eSATA storage solution I can pop some spare drives in. May also work out getting a UT99 and UT2k4 server going on it for shits and giggles, the latter being much easier to do than the former, it seems.There's also a Sun Ultra 10 440 running under there as well... that may do something later too. I don't know.
"server"uptime: 15 minutes
this is the box it's replacing, a pogoplug. the xi3 thing got a fresh install before I took that picture.
and here's a 1994 sparcstation 5 upstairs as well doing absolutely nothing.
What is the recommended build for low power NAS server?
Just got my first little tower that I plan to use as a server. Got it for free, cannot complain. Has a core duo, 2gb ram, 500gb hdd.Not sure what I am going to be doing with the thing, but I have it.How did I do? Babby's first server.
Ruri 3
Pls RateI'm getting a Sun X2200 but it's currently in the mail.
fag herewhat are you supposed to use a server for other than backing up shit
If you have to ask then you don't need one
i already knew that muchjust curious
I'm too lazy to take a picture of the whole rack, but this is mine.Also a debian server in hyper-v and a raspberri pi.
Hey OP, would you be willing to sell that Sun Ultra 10? If so, for how much?
up it to 4 if you can. it's not that you will use it, it's that something is likely to leak memory all over the place and you'll have more time until you can catch it before swapping to disk bogs it the hell down. I learned this early on messing with minecraft on a similar box. but even then, minecraft needs a minimum of 4GB on even a server with 5 users or so.
Never ever selling it ever. in fact, I'm looking for a second one for an unrelated project.I'm getting a Sun Blade 1000 for free this weekend however. never going to use it since I can't justify the power draw to performance ratio on that one. the U10 I get, , but the 1000 should not be using 200-something watts idle.if you want a blade 1000 instead, something could be worked out... if I do get it.
mfw watching a minecraft server bloat up to 40GB of RAM use
something could be worked outIs it in good condition and shit? What would you be willing to sell it for?
I can only guess the feels of that. I have a buddy in the SF bay area alllll the way on the other side of the country, he has a couple racks in a datacenter running websites and minecraft servers on the side. I hear about shit all the damn time from him.he apparently hosted his roommate's large, heavily-accessed 500k hits/day website too and was able to tame it from 3 large servers with 48GB of RAM each and multiple cores down to just one server with a third the processing power and a LOT of tweaking done to a set-up with apache using nginx as a front-end. I didn't get the whole story of how he managed to do it because he does tax shit on the side for H&R block in the winter/spring.what I did learn is there was leaking memory causing a lot of the problem and it was all because he did something wrong with the initial tweaking and was too fried from tax shit to bother fixing it.
I have yet to see it. that's this weekend with any luck. my friend a city over is moving to Europe to see the world and he offloaded a bunch of old stuff from the local tech institute. I got the Ultra 10, an SGI Indy and Octane, and boxes of cables/drives/cards with the first batch. Second batch is going to be an SGI 1600SW, couple more boxes of things, the Blade 1000 and whatever else he can fit into the back of his mazda. What I do know is it's probably yellowed like the U10 is, but probably not that bad.
apache a shit
Just get a rack/10.
Anyone tried this Xeon D board yet?8 Broadwell cores, 2.0-2.6 GHz with 12MB cache4 DIMMs, 128 GB of  2133MHz DDR4 RDIMM or 64GB UDIMM6 x SATA3.0, 1 M.2 slot M key for SSD, 2242/2280,  PCIe3.0 x4, 2 USB3.0, 4 USB 2.0PCIe 3.0 x16Quad LAN ports with SoC dual 10GbE and I350-AM2 dual GbE -F with dual GbE onlyCrazy amount of bang for buck in these SoCs
I run Hyper-V virtual machines on my home server.These virtual machines have things like Microsoft SQL Server 2014, SharePoint 2013 and Exchange 2013. Also subsonic plus few linux practice vms.
What do you use them for?
More shit. here's the Xi3 box in a temporary spot in the main area of internet things until I can clean up the wiring or move the entire set-up to the basement 5 feet from the first split of coax and remove the pogoplug in the back-right there out of the equation.up front-left is a RasPi 1 B being powered off the USB port of a Beaglebone Black with a 5v3A supply. those aren't doing anything either, but I mess with them from time to time. I don't want the raspi, though.UPS is a Back-UPS BK300C/180W from someplace in the mid-90s. battery's due for replacement sometime in the next year or so. it backs up the modem, temp gateway/firewall and the pogoplug for a total of about 30W continuous draw or so.
that thing looks like sex on a stick. I have an older eMachines mITX case that'd probably be sweet in as a sleeper server.
neat. how about price?
$1200
from what I can find, it's ballpark US$900+.you're paying for the supermicro brand and also the new tech it contains. it's pretty much first-to-market as far as I can see for the Xeon D so they pretty much have the upper hand on getting first grabs on buyers.DDR4 boards seem to be more expensive anyway... and the RAM about as equally expensive since DDR4 is still so new.
fug.
For an 8 core system and dual 10GB NIC that's quite cheap.Also,45W TDP45W TDP45W TDP
I need one, and don't feel like buying the rails and taking the time to set up everything thingDo you happen to live near NJ OP?
Nothing. I like looking at them
Why is Apple so good at making comfy user interfaces?
Why are you so bad at shilling crappy products?I willContinue to not buy a turdNot listen to /g/tards like you.
You're going to tell me that the absolute vomit of shit that is the iphone UI is comfy?do you not see the atrocious colors?there is literally no thought given to it by design, each icon has its own color before hand and its slapped randomly into a grid format. That's literally the extent of their design. grid format and random colors.Everybody likes to shit on the windows 8 UI which is also god-awfully bad but its got literally ONE difference. the only difference between the iphone UI and windows 8 is one has rounded corners for its app icons and the other is square.fuck you plebs who think apple products are well designedsincerely a fucking designer of 15 years.
That super comfy feel of snapping windows next to each other... Oh wait...
I really like OSX UI to be honest.
sincerely a fucking designer of 15 years.nice try
I'm not just talking about the icons, I mean the whole experience. The iPhone UI experience is smooth as butter most of the time, equaling maximum comfort. Meanwhile Android being the mutt that it is has multiple different configurations that all feel slow, shoddy and crappy. El Capitan will probably fix that.
How did they fail so badly with OSX?
You don't fool me.
iPhone shills praise iOS for having consistent icon size and shapeOSX doesntapple shills still praise both OSes
/g/ is shit because of people like youhurr durr I dun like teh iPhone so you're shillingthen why the fuck is there an army of shills for android shitphones in every thread that starts with "what phone should I get", or "what is the best phone"just fuck you
The difference between iOS shills and Android shills is that most Android shills will recognize that Android has faults. iOS shills will fail to recognize that not only has their OS been playing catch-up with Android in terms of features, but that the OS' anti-features are so bad that even Android is worth using over it.
tripeven Android is worth using over itbaiting this hard
I don't know why I bother with this board anymore
Not the apple-cuck you're responding too but I honestly suggest you just lurk. Life is much easier once you just laugh at the autists battling out over something extremely irrelevant.
I hate the OSX UI.
Fucked this up, was supposed to respond to 
They are best a creating stacks of cash by selling overpriced shit to lemmings that want to try and impress other lemmings by owning the newest version. I personally am not gay and would not be seen dead or alive with one of their products on my person! Thanks bye
Yeah seriously lol, they're handheld internet machines and nothing more, can't believe people get into heated /g/ battles over whether their iCuck or glorious 25 dollar Moto B ricer faggot edition phones have more features or notLike what are any of you doing with your smartphones that the opposite OS can't doLolli porn is universal to both Android and iOS
Apple was always good at making great designs, but their potential stops on this.
Everything looks like a fucking candy
hourly applecancer shill thread
applelgood
thats an android device you idiot
Are you fucking blind?
1 guy had this problemAYYYYYY LMAOOOOO
my iPod 4th gen doesnt do thisLiterally a regression. Nice one Apple.I have seen other weebms of this.
I have seen other weebms of this.doubt it
That's because you don't want to believe.You want to believe this is an isolated case instead of potentially a more wide spread problem.
Or you're lying about seeing other webms. I googled iphone keyboard lag and that's the only picture there is, because nobody else has that problem
I've seen at least 3 different iPhone keyboard lag webm's posted to /g/
What phone people want, compared to "Fuck this turd is da best and looks good" is different.Fuck you retard. I cannot waste my time with the crappest bait.
Good luck searching for weebms on Google. I can't be fucked searching through weeks of /g/ archive to fine a weebm that is probably in a unix timestamp filename but if you stick around Appleshill threads enough you will come across them.
comfyLooks like a fucking candy shop, like they asked an 8 year old girl to make their icons and choose the colors, I don't understand how Idrones can tolerate this.
well... samsung galaxy note comes with a pressure sensitive pen and works well with it, so if you draw and are on the go, its something that can replace a sketchbook and draw less attention to yourself than drawing does.
/g/, what text editors do you use?
vim or nano
vim
Vim
Adobe Brackets. I used to use Sublime but hooked on Brackets for some reason.
sublime-texti use for everithing
You should try a text editor with grammar correction.
Vim
emacs
ed
when i need some gramar use  open office
notepad, no point in using anything else
cat
notepad++
Visual Studio, vim, and Notepad.
akelpad with plugins
Word
Visual Studio, Notepad++
Dark Room and OMM Writer
emacs, wordstar 7.0d
nano
How long until YouTube gets another major redesign? Browsing it is a pain in the ass if you're subscribed to a lot of channels.
You're dumb, OP.

Every other week. Got to keep those faggot UX 'designers'  employed.
Also,  YouTube nostalgia
Why the fuck are all video players burying options inside of menues? Quality used to be right there when you hover, now you have to to click settings and then open the quality dropdown. Twitch just instituted this bullshit as well. Fuck off UX designers, you aren't helping.
menus*christ
You should sign up
Give up on the web interface.
It's literally like three clicks to change the quality you lazy fuck
It just did
mobile YouTube still doesn't have background mode so I could listen to ASMR videos with screen turned offwhy
Maybe they have too much faith in their system that detects the optimal quality for your connection.
YouYube not having background mode is the most annoying bullshit, they need to add this shit at some point in the near future
samsung does not have this problem
i dont believe that
I think it is so bloated at this point that the threat of some other site overtaking it is real.
I still miss stars actually giving a rating on the quality of the video instead of the E-peen like counter
wouldn't any competition need alot of servers to host the uploaded content?
it's because computer programmers are scum
Yes.  It would need a big backer.  Microsoft would be my choice.
That's a feature with Google Play Music actually. Their $10 a month music server. With it you can play YouTube videos in the background.
Honestly this i have no idea why they ever changed it from the design that just worked. Showed every sub uploadCould then go to find videos and find popular content from a variety of genres. Also dash playback is pretty retarded. No reason there can't be a button that just tells it to load the whole video.
Whoever owns xvideos could switch over to non-porn.  Might end up making less money tho.

I have half a solution for you, install Lux and make the brightness the minimum possible.
actually subscribing to channelsdisgusting.
YouTube-dl and select audio only with the -f switchWew that was hard.
goronpaul2008
Are you jealous because UX designers get paid the same or more than you to do something which takes 90% less effort and gets you 200% more pussy?
There is no point in subscribing to channels anymore, youtube just doesn't want you to watch the people you're subscribed to, it just wants to show you the crappy music videos everyone is watching right now.
Youtube should go the way of Instagram and let other sites provide portals to the videos.  I use Ink361 for instagram.  It's better than the standard instagram web interface in pretty much every way.Yes, I am shilling, but it's a good site.  If you know a better instagram portal for browsers I'd like to know it.
Well their mobile version, on Android anyway, got one and it's confusing as hell.
Watch less youtube and A Get a jobB Get more hoursCBothD Continue to suck dick
ASMRA true autist.
HERE IN MY GARAGE
Here's my shit solution, anon
new mobile youtube updateWhy, how, who, how?It's just so bad and sad at the same time I want to murder myself.
muh simplistic design
Ubfortunately Samsung has other much worse problems.
So the hot place right now for tech stuff is Shenzhen, right?
Yep.They have so many manufacturers and cheap items. Its like nothing in America. Like radioshack but 10000x more diy stuff.
Do I have to learn how to speak Chinese? Are there a bunch of other white /g/oys moving over there to get laid by hot asian makers?
I'm a college student just getting into computer science and I was always curious about hacking. Probably a newfag way of asking but any users know of any good tools or websites for coding and hacking? I already partially know C ad C++ and am already learning Perl Pic not related
download any linux distro, learn about command line tools. Start with the very basic ones like ping, traceroute, netcat, and nmap. Learn Regular Expressions with grep and curl. Try spending a couple of weeks learning assembly, then learn about hexeditors to dissect binary/executables. Then try decompilers.It should go without saying, but also spend some time with vim and emacs, at least long enough to figure out which one you like better. Then stick with that one.You now have a basic toolset for "hacking", but without being a script kiddie. Wherever you go next depends on what interests you.
As tempting as it is, don't download skiddie Linux distros like Kali, Backtrack, BlackArch etc. You won't learn much doing that.
Much thanks for not being a troll, appreciate the advice.
Hi, I'm not the OP, but I am interested in 'hacking' too, but I already know all the stuff you listed.So how do I use these skills to break into a computer system?
Not op, thanks for the solid advice. didn't expect that from /g/.
Do you know of any forums where I might be able to pick up other knowledge as a supplement to what you listed? There was this one I knew of, it was called 'let them find us' but it seems to be down. I'm wondering if there's anything similar out there
What is a good distro for these purposes
In my opinion, Arch. It encourages you to learn a bit about your system without being too big a pain for a beginner.
Run leddit, run!
people unironically recommending to install arch and learn about ping to become a leet haxxor This board is filled with fucking retards.
I hace very good books from chema Alonso very good security expertos what nobody up to internet downloads
then go back to learning c until you master itpretty much every OS and application that matters is coded in C ++ and you need to learn how to exploit overflows, format strings, race conditions, use function calls for privilege escalations, etcetc
Install Gentoo.
And the thread was doing so good...
, 
Are we living in the end times?I don't want them to fail, but they keep digging.
That's because they're shit.
They're not shit and they have not failed. They just lost the battle to nVidia and not because nvidia has the better products, but because AMD did not know how to sell and advertize their shit. They made bad investments and bad calls and the nvidia megajew has taken over literally by whatever means.
because the "AMD is cheaper" is the biggest meme of all time. Its sometimes maybe 5€ cheaper than nVidia for the same performance but at a cost of a 90000000W power usage.
People like you are why AMD is failing. The 390 is noticeably more powerful than the 970. and has a full 8gb while the 970 lies about having even 4! Not to mention its other scandals.AMD has the best products for almost any user right now, the only significantl reason why they're not on top is because nvidia has massive advertising and ignorant word of mouth
time to buy?
gsodno drivers390good one anon~
AMD will never go bankrupt, especially after they signed an exclusive contract with Sony and Microsoft for Xbox One and PS4.AMD dying would be a huge pain in the ass for Sony and MS, at some point someone will buy AMD.
amd shillcheapest 970: 341€cheapest 390: 346€
amdever
970 came out like three years ago.390 isn't even out yet.AMD is literally 5 years behind NVIDIA in performance.muh nvidia is winning because its so evil! Jesus Christ this board is filled with literal 12 year olds or naive mentally under developed adults.Welcome to the real world kid.
They lost because they're shit. Stop being delusional.
The fact that someone took the time and put forth the effort to re-create that double beheading based on the video footage is some pretty disturbing shit but nobody cares.stupid fucking people will be the death of us all
The 390 is noticeably more powerful than the 970No, it's about equal. Wins in some games, loses in others.and has a full 8gb while the 970 lies about having even 4! Not to mention its other scandals.Sure, but 8 GB are useless on a card like that, only serving to drive up cost. You might utilize it in CF, but that's about it.And don't forget the fact that it took them 9 months to react and they've reacted with a rebrand. Rebrand with good value, but still.
People like you are why AMD is failing.AMD is failing because they can't sell their products.
970 came out like three years ago.390 isn't even out yet.AMD is literally 5 years behind NVIDIA in performance.All those lies. 970 came out 10 months ago, 390 has been out for a month or so.
aand you took his bait
passmark
tfw coding in publicI feel like a fucking hacker man.
tfw posting on 4chan in publicI feel like a fucking criminal man.
Hack the Gibson manClick Clack motherfuckers I'm hacking your wifi with my supreme hacking machine plugged into the DATABASE
tfw skyping in publicI feel like a fucking douche man.
tfw contributing to FOSS in publicI feel like a fucking RMS man.
tfw emerging in publicI feel like a fucking Gentoo man.
tfw compiling my kernel in publicI feel like a truly free man.
typing ls into the shell over and over in publicIts a CS class everyone knows I'm just pretending
tfw when doing motherboard repair at McDonaldsNO PLEASE DON'T FUCKING TOUCH THIS PEN CHILD.tfw currently in jail
tfw using any tech in public.shit never worksnonstop typos fuck everything completely upfeel like a fucking potato man.
mfw
tfw playing my nintendo in publicI feel like a fucking manchild man.
see someone with a terminal with green text and a black background
The Rage
tfw SSHing to my FreeBSD server and view the status of my ZFS pool in publicI feel like a fucking perverted weaboo, man.
tfw opening my thinkpad in publicI feel like I'm in another time man
tfw cooking over an open fire in publicFeels raw, man.
implying CS students know anything like that
like to code in nvim in fullscreentake notes in nvim during classI can feel people judging medon't give a fuckWhy must everyone sport a mac and sublime to be socially acceptable?
Textmate
tfw studying quantum mechanics in publicpeople are so amazed...
You are just paranoidtfw animu background in publicI feel like a an autist, man
Created by a closet UNIX geek who was lured to the Mac platform by its ease of use and elegance, TextMate has been referred to as the culmination of Emacs and OS X and has resulted in countless requests for both a Windows and Linux port, but TextMate remains exclusive for the Mac, and that is how we like it!I see.
tfw masturbating in publicGirls bite their lower lips at the thought of my 10" horsecock in their vagoos.
studying quantum mechanicsnormie bookpeople are so amazed
Do you guys ever work in coffee shops?
not using linux in cs classesyou must go to a shit-tier school
I can assure you you won't learn a thing about QM in that book.
I worked in one for a couple years, but that was in the early 2000s.
What school do you go to?
tfw video gaming in publicI feel like a fucking autist man
Every CS student I've been around using an Alienware Windows 8 laptop. Shortcuts are plastered all over the desktop and they didn't even uninstall the bloatware the manufacturer puts on that shit. They don't even change the theme. Everything is default.
I once saw a guy playing CS:GO in the college library. He had a headset, mouse pad, and gaming mouse. He was yelling orders into the mic. Who the fuck does that shit? If you're gonna command your team, at least be calm about it.
somebody loses internet connection at workbring up console and ping 8.8.8.8 just to look cool
tfw watching anime in publicFeels like autistic manchild man.
You're not better than them just because you use loonix you fucking nerd.
eating salty noodlesfeels raw, man
We must have the same cs class
Not washing your soba after cooking themFeels starchy, man.
Tfw scoring 160wpm on 10fastfingers in publicFeels like non-plebery
I'm not talking about them using loonix. I'm talking about expecting them to have some sense of computer management.
not getting the joke
CSGObe calmKek'd
tfw brought a homebuilt turbojet engine onto the trainno container
book explains QM with a simple approach without the unnecessary mathITS NOT REAL QM HURRgo back to /sci/, nerd
More like IM-whore. All my friends type faster than me, none of them code.
It cannot be explained because it cannot be imagined. If you think you can imagine it you're right on the mount stupid.
You don't need computer skills for CS. It's math.
Memorizing other people's code isn't math.
What?
have a lowkey as fuck Acer c720 chrome bookrunning libreboot/coreboot and Debiantiling wm, emacs, ssh tunnel and tor for public wifihaving the most freedom respecting computing experience as possible in publicI need some stickers for the lid so I can evangelize tho. Probably gonna get some Debian stickers, fsf stickers, tor stickers, EFF stickers.
posting on 4chan, a website that runs on non-free softwarethinking you have freedom
proprietary hardware
Fuck off faggot, any scientific principle can be explained in laymans terms. only autists think it's all maths and nothing more.
The most correct interpretation of QM is "shut up and calculate", so yeah, no.
Owning a Mac doesn't make you magically socially acceptable,  being a human being who interacts with others in a sensible fashion instead of being "that guy who uses lol in conversation" makes you socially acceptable. If you're a social reject,  buying a Mac isn't going to make you any more appealing for others to interact with. If you're socially well integrated using a Dell laptop running Ubuntu isn't going to make people ostracise you from conversation,  rather the opposite as people will sometimes ask you why your desktop looks different, and you can take the interaction from there. No-one gives a flying fuck what brand your phone/laptop is,  and if they do,  they're a cunt and not worth bothering with anyway.
StickersFree
"If you can't explain something simply, you don't fully understand it"- Albert Einstein
Einstein was proven wrong by QM, not really a good example. EPR-paradox.
ChinkPuds aren't open source hardwareTry again
If you do things that way you are just a calculator, not a scientist. How are you supposed to have insight and do new things with the theory if you don't even understand the principle? You can do set made up problems in a book, good luck even analyzing basic real life mechanical systems if you can't visualize the concept.
This. People judge you because you're fucking weird, not because of your tech choices.
if you don't even understand the principleNobody does. Nobody truly understands QMit's a quote. Intuition just doesn't work there.
It helps faggot. I remember this person I knew wanted me to buy second hand clothes because I was low on cash but I sperged out at her because I am weird enough, wearing second hand tat will just push my social acceptability over the cliff. If I was a normie then it wouldn't matter but because I'm already low on social skills I have to alt least make sure my appearance is good.
Nobody truly understands anything. If you are going to denigrate popsci explanations of QM then you may as well denigrate popsci explanations of electrodynamics as well.
Popsci explanations of ED end where Maxwell begins.
MaxwellI don't get why he is so rated, all he did was sumamrize everything already worked out by Ampere Gauss etc and he did it with such shitty maths that it had to be reformulated by a guy who never even went to school
tfw having gay sex in publicI feel like a fucking man fucking a man, man.
Nobody truly understands QMit's a quote.It's a fucking meme, that's what it is. Someone said it once and now everyone keeps repeating it without giving it any thought.
grab fedora and trench coatit's timego to coffee ship with tons of babesunzip and pull outMy 2015 ALIENWARE MX18log into Google Chrome press f11open up hacker typer and 4chan.org/b/ in a smaller window above hacker typer go to town on the key boardI can feel the grills watching memfw
This was a good thread, /g/.  I'm proud of you.
tfw making memes in publicFeel fucking dank man
shit nigga are you me?
i think he meant like code, bro..
mfw i've done this multiple times
that laptop is screaming "I own cp"
wearing sun glasses in publicI feel like a a douchebag
using my riced to fuck desktop for taking notes with cmatrix and pipes.sh runningnow this is hacking
Do people think you're cool if they see you coding in a coffee shop?Was thinking of going there one day to do some work and see if I can pick up any bitchesdon't want to waste my precious time, though
mfw I keep typing apt-get update in the terminal to make it look like I'm hackingIt scares the shit out of my mom, who refers to GNU/Linux as 'that shitty Mexican computer'
which is pretty much what i was going for, since i keep the important stuff on the macbook
It's not even a meme.The behavior of is just typical for a freshman.who literally have no idea what they are talking about.There are many things in QM that can be explained without the use of complicated math and physics.
class="quote"leet coderalternatively open terminal and just ping sites and curl pages. Or just browse twitter from terminal and look like a hacker 
Nobody around me undestand that i do and say me that i am a nerd and every programmers are like aliena, but they say that programming is also boring
The fever
mfw I would copy goofy .bat files on to a USB and take them to school when we'd go to the computer labs, copy them on the shared network, and rename them clickbait shit like 'youtube_block_bypass.bat'It was mostly harmless stuff like the matrix screen or something that would open and close the CD tray, but the reactions I got when people would open them were pricelessI kinda miss being an edgy skiddie ;_;
Solving Jewgle reCAPTCHAs to post.Farming them informationClaims to be free after doing this.
hackertyperWhat is it any way?It looks like the source code for a "register" or "sign in".
i regularly code on trains and i get the occasional "what are you doing?"but it feels more weird than cool most of the time
Quentin go back to /v/
I dont know it's just a joke. I don't look at what it says just mash keys to be funny.
 Be freshman CS Solid, state school Pull up Iterm to edit markdown notes for the class Kid with a full-ride to the school beside me: "Yo man you're typing text into nothing, are you some kind of super-hacker?"mfw I can't even make this shit up tfw this kid was allowed to skip courses that I have to take
He was trying to be friendly and cracked a joke, you autistic dork
dropbox
He was genuinely curious what it was that I was doing, if you honestly think that was the full extent of our conversation then you're a fucking brain dead moron.But hey, whatever floats your boat kiddo.
make terminal black and green for extra hacker effects. type ip addr over and over
boot up my X61 in a coffee shop to do some browsing and research for a uni projectrunning Debianpeople start looking at me while I'm working through the terminalI'm not even coding, mind you, nor am I even studying computer sciencethe waitress comes up to me and asks me if I need anything else while glancing at my screen, and I tell her noless than 10 minutes later, the manager comes up to me and tells me that I have to leaveI ask him why and he just says something vague about securityI don't want to push it, so I just tell him I'll pack my stuff and leave in a minutemfw I think they thought I was a hacker
GENTOO OR GTFO TO /A/ NIGGYUR
It used to be code from the Linux kernel. I don't know if it is anymore, though,
Not him but Purdue uses linux, including a basic freshman seminar to teach you how to use linux and git.
tfw using a non-apple product in gook landI FEEL LIKE A FUCKING REBEL, MAN. FUCK THE JAPS

Those obvious chink eyes under that cowl.Shiggy diggy
fuck nousually hackers connect to firewall or mainframe, but if you use database you must be extreme hacker

This anon  said he was STUDYING QM. Reading some normie book that explains it in laymans terms is not studying
LibreBoot is Free
tfw coding in a coffee shop with a qtI feel like a fucking faggot man.
no internet connectionopen terminalsls several timesopen man pagesswitch back and spam useless shitstill no girlfriendwhat am I doing wrong
tfw open up cmdstart explorer.exe start www.google.comInsane in the mainframe!
But thats your only choice when all you got is the horrible TN of a t410.
be in a public place connect to my linux serverenter "top" commanddrink coffe as I stare at itfeel like a l33t
This is why you shouldn't use anything other than a web browser when you're in public, anon.
install htop
that feel when using green / black terminal @ panera bread and absolutely no one gives a fuck because they are too busy having a furry convention the banquet table over and a guy sits next to me whose dad wrote VAX VMS, we both chuckle and put in earphones
what's that scene from?
go to coffee shopwork on some codeno one gives a shit because our company owns/patronizes everything within 10 blocksget a discount everywhere we go in the district because shops that don't cater to us go out of business
I would feel like I was being really attention-seeking if I were programming in public, unless it were something like a library and I was away from home/office and had no other decent place to work.
tfw I get the cops called on me for hacking
NCIS? CSI? Some other awful crime-drama bullshit show? They're all the same.
I feel like a fucking hacker man.... and that's really why you do it. Isn't it? Hoping people will think you're a 7337 hakkerz rather than an aspiring poet? Either way you look like a faggot.
SF Financial district?
SOMEONE IS GOING TO STEAL YOUR CODE
not putting a sticker over the chrome logo
A year ago I would do some light web dev stuff working on my private file storage site in the lounge of the building where a lot of humanities classes were to kill some time in between 2 classes I had to take there. I got some odd looks sitting at one of the tables, probably from some tumblrinas taking the Women's Studies classes in that building. They probably thought I was hacking the Pentagon to instate the patriarchy or something.
hah, great blog friend!
tfw using my phone with a custom rom on it in publicfeels like i'm the ebinest haxxor of all time man
that chrome logo there is really making this shit go together huh?
I can't do that shit in public I swear too much when I do things like code or just math. Like sometimes I'm actually mad and frustrated but most of the time it's just casual oh yeah you would need a square root you fucking cocksucker I swear to god if I have to turn this cunt into a fucking functionwhat the FUCK DO YOU MEAN THERE WAS AN ERROR YOU GOD DAMN SON OF A WHOR-oh whoops forgot parenthesis there
party in neighbor's houseneed to do some sass-css conversion fast, can't concentrate.late in night, decide go coding to a pub that stays chill.pub crowed coz drink party.sit on the bar, ask for a drink and open my pc, people looks at me.boot arch and start converting sass to html live.people start looking me with strange faces.the waitress ask me if I'm a hacker of something.5 minutes later security comes and ask me to leave the local, I ask why and they say that I'm hacking the wifi network.
tfw coding in public and using eclim with solarized darktfw some chick said it looked like cool hacker shit
wanna know how i know you're from reddit
"xyzzy" minesweeper pixel trickclassmates thought I was a hackertfw
this is the epitome of trying to look cool through your riced desktop
people with stickers on their laptop deserved to get the shit beaten out of them
What's the most difficult book you've ever read, /g/?  I didn't understand pic related until after I had completed it.
he doesn't have a 4chan pass
in publicunwashed, scraggly beard, dirty clothes, tired, distant look in eyescoding in C on old netbook with Vim in Arch Linux on the CLI without an X session runningMaking girls in a 3 mile radius wet as fuck.
All most every school will put you in front of a mac. Every student will probably have a cheap Windows Laptop, gaming Laptop, or  a macbook
My CS department only has about 10 macs total in the labs and they're for one specific course.
Fuck all of you "IT" people. U don't know shit and I hate your guts.
Every CS student I've been around using an Alienware Windows 8 laptop. Shortcuts are plastered all over the desktop I just save all downloads to desktop and save most word files, text files, .rar, etc on my desktop. It is so filled it goes beyond the limit that the desktop can show atm. People always complain to me about my messy desktop at LANs.Feels good.
nmapping around the house
watching anime in a coffee shopI feel like I let down my parents
It's your computer so do what you want. But god damn if I don't cringe every time I see someones desktop stuffed wall to wall with shit.
Skill-less dickheadWhy don't you go into business. Seems not enough skill-less people work in that area.
cmd  treehacking
he doesn't know how to give wrong answers and get away with it
Walk into coffee shopSee everyone on their $2000000000 macs browsing facebook and watching pewdiepiePull out Thinkpad™Boots into fedoraUser ettercapDoesn't actually grab any passwordsLeave after half of an hourFeel like a poser, man.And a skiddie hacker
tfw ayy lmao'ing in publicI feel like a fucking fuck man.
Why? Better to hide it in plain sight IMO. Easy and accessible and keeps people away from my computer.
Also not him, at Stanford, most people use Macs, and for certain classes we are required to ssh into Linux machines.inb4 macfagI use a ThinkPad with Arch
I kinda hate working at my workplace there are two major buildings for people in my supergroup, and I'm in the one with about 10% of them; to make matters worse, I'm in an office almost by myself, so the net result is a very severe feeling of isolation, so I try to find public places that I can work without being a nuisance, while still finding solid wifi, etc...The short version is that I've been frequenting the same coffee shop in the downtown area of my city for the past few weeks. So much so that the guy at the register gives me the nicest/biggest/best pieces of food when I buy that sometimes I get a mocha or whatever, but at 10pm that's a recipe for being kinda wired well past midnight when they close.I've found that coding for me is like 15% writing code in the editor, maybe 5-10% testing/checking stuff on my iPhone, in an emulator, in Parse's console, etc..., and up to 80% reading documentation.I'm basically just reading at the coffee shop. Except I'm more hunched over, more engrossed, and more frustrated-looking than everyone else who's just reading books and whatnot.
 explained in laymans termsQuantum mechanics is literally using statistical methods math to describe things that we can't even begin to understand. Things like quantum harmonic oscillators and tunneling cannot be explained in layman's terms, because we don't have a fucking clue about what's going on, only that we can observe and measure it.
Me to consoles make u look like a hacker to super normies and techno plebs
But csi cyber is the bombredcode == malewarehacker uses bluetooth gun from top of the building when he is regulary in bluetooth distance of his carpetkidnappers hack baby cameras to steal children for auctionraspberry pi used to crash rollercoasterso much awsome fun bullshit
Cal Poly uses Fedora
 coding in Starbucks and sipping my crapochino tfw some guy pats on my shoulder and with a empathizing voice tells me "Programing is hard man. Take care..."
have gentoopen terminal"emerge libreoffice"tens of thousands of lines of text fly up the screenMaximum hacking achieved
Even ASU and the local fucking CC here teach you Linux
 tfw you're daydreaming in public.WTF is that homo staring at?
This nigga knows it.
eating Indian food in public I feel like a curry nigger man
listening to rap music in publicI feel like a nigger man.
wanted me to buy second hand clothes because I was low on cash but I sperged outYou're an idiot. They had your best interest in mind and you shit on them. THAT will do worse to your "social acceptability" than any amount of second-hand clothing. As he already said, if they give so much of a shit about your choice in clothing then you shouldn't be friends with them anyway.
takes two seconds, bud
, 
I FUCKING LOVE MY LG G2 Stock rooted, fucking fantastic for a two year old device. ITT: just post about how much you love your phone and how well its treated you in the time you've had it
UI looks fucking sophisticatedgreat designbased 5MP front facing cameraguaranteed update to W10cheap as fuckjust werks
I bought one from eBay for £120 last week to replace my Moto G. Pretty much brand new.
I want poorfag wangblows cancer to leave
Are you me? Did exactly the same thing, not a single mark on it. The difference from the shitty Moto g is immense.
I know it gets some flack for being a little outdated and overpriced but I love my Moto G 2nd Gen. Was wast to root with chainfire, no bloat at all now with stock android, and expandable storage. Also the best design /feeling phone I've ever used.
are you implying that delusional android ricer kids are any beetter?
rooted htc m8 verizon cleanrom 4.4.4 3D camera is pretty neat,  suffers in low light though this is the best android phone I've ever owned shame the m9 looks so shit
I FUCKING LOVE MY ORIGINAL IPHONE 8GBBought it 8 years ago and still unopened, now it's already past $5000 on eBay.Planning to keep it until a few more years i think.
there's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. no chance.
bait threadWe certainly haven't been having these threads all summer.
the ipad is pointless, its just a big iphone. who needs tablets/g/
Don't forget to report Apple threads
there's no chance that the Microsoft is going to get any significant market share. no chance.
The original iPhone was shit-tier, if Apple continued along that path then yes, there was no way it was going to gain significant market shareNo app storeNo 3rd party appsNo recording video2MP cameraNo flashNo MMSWas only available on expensive contracts AND you still had to pay $700 for the phone
I unnaturally woke up after two hours of sleep and need to be around to accept a new bed in 8-12 hours. What technology can one use to be awake when the bed people come?
you're mom
Invent a clock with a countdown that triggers a sound
Not like by the time I go back to sleep I'd be in a light enough state of sleep to hear said sound at the time it's triggered and wake up because of it.
how do I delete this?
You could call it an Ayylarm
If you naturally sleep longer than 8 hours without waking you have some issues
Of course I do, that's why I'm getting a new bed.
The alarm app on my Samsung note has a smart alarm feature starts like a softer alarm for a while before the actual alarm that is supposed to actually wake you up
Just go back to sleep. If you need to sleep very lightly I've found ALCAR helps a ton. But since you have so much time before you need to be awake and not enough time to justify purchasing anything over it, just liek sleep.
I hope you have a latex mattress topper
when the bed people come?I admit that I am unreasonably afraid of the dark, but first time I read your post I wanted to redirect you to /x/ .Now I see that this has nothing to do with being visited..
l'moa
Do crack pipes count as technology?
How so? I have slept up to 20 hours without waking once and 10-14 hours countless times
Guess I must have brain damage then. I sleep 10 hours before I wake up naturally.
I started Linux as a desktop operating system. And it's the only area where Linux hasn't completely taken over. That just annoys the hell out of me.Year of the Linux desktop when? Will it ever happen? Will it happen when everyone else moves to tablets and only nerds care about desktops?
WINDOWS10INDOWS10
no it will happen when everything we do moves to the web browser and the cloud. After this the kernel and the stdlib and other stuff is just trivialities that run on top of the browser

6DAYSDAYS
FORCED UPDATES
Unless you get full support for GPU drivers and all of the video games the answer is simply no.
9/10
Curryniggers in full force.
cloudkerneltrivialIlliterate baby please go
Get the fuck out.
IBM z/OS
Ubuntu is even more noob friendly than Windows. Prove me wrong.it's the only area where Linux hasn't completely taken overOnly in numbers.Same people who make these arguments listen strictly to top 40 music, because it's inarguably superior music.
No I'm sure your small indie band that only pitchfork cares about is superior.
In this case you are better off with a console, for 400 € you get 5 or 6 years of software support.For a PC Linux is the only sane option.
People should use this clunky piece of shit over this other OS that 99.999999% of productive members of societies use and is supported by 99.9999999999999% of work related softwareno
I'll bite the bait.This very same 99.99% of population spend an insane amount of time dealing with virus, updating programs manually no repository like in every Linux distro, dealing with antivirus and other crapware that makes already shitty PC even slower.For my small experience Linux works best for normalfags.For example a couple of years ago I installed Mint on a 300 € laptop I bought for a 70 fucking seventy years old lady who was previously using Windows XP and getting a fucking virus a week.In two years she called no more than a couple of times because she wasn't able to do something while when using Windows a complete reinstall was required at least 2 or 3 times a year.People don't do shit with PC, your 99.99% of people just use it for jewtube, facebook and buy shit on amazon.
Thats why i bought a chromebook, just works out of the box compared to normal linux distros
A chromebook is pretty much a tablet with a physical keyboard.
That is fucking stupid. If playing games is still your hobby and you have a powerful PC there is just no reason not to use it to play games. It has more of them, it runs them better and can be cheaper although people tend to go full retard with them. We are talking about the Year of the Linux Desktop and if you want mainstream appeal and support you need to have the games to back it up to appeal to a rather big audience.Yes for normies a Linux Distro would be functionally the same as a Windows dekstop up to the point until something doesn't work and they need to google around for a solution. The terminal lets people brains melt
Windows can't even play all of the video games
you can just use a VM just like Anime/OS does when playing gaymes.
Desktop Linux will only be a thing if software companies port their software and game devs port their games.I did this for my mom like six months ago and I still haven't had to help her with anything.
It'll happen when normal people decide they want to boot their laptops super fast. Samsung used to make netbooks with ubuntu during the netbook craze that booted up in seconds.
Only in numbers Where are you, a retard? Suck ricky stoolmam dry and tell all your friends, how much Linux is better than windblows.
No, it's not.Consoles are cheaper to buy and way way way cheaper to maintain in the long run especially if you buy games.Normalfags brain melts even with windows, every time there is an error they are not even able to read the popup and press yes or no.Searching the error on jewgle is already too hard for them, not a single normalfag do this.
Only in numbers.Only if facts are considered instead of feeling's. :^
The reality is "Year of the windows phone." is more likely than "Year of the linux desktop.".
Still waiting for FOSS themed rewrite of Highway to the Danger zoneOr at least Stallman's free software song lyrics over Danger zone instrumental cover
if software companies port their software and game devs port their gamesimplying it's not already happening and will soon reach critical mass
Kek
The terminal lets people brains meltNot yet it doesn't... But once my distro is finished, with its default shell that accepts input only in Brainfuck...
did this for my grandfather, never an issue now.I just manually do distro upgrades during the holidays
GNU/Linus Torvalds
brainfuck Dear god its been a long time since I was a nerd
[caption placeholder]
it's never going to happen, especially now that windows and osx have adopted essentially free models.
Will it happen when everyone else moves to tablets and only nerds care about desktops?That's sort of how I see it. As the world moves to mobile, less and less of daily computing will be using OS-specific desktop applications Word, Outlook, everything Adobe, etc. are already far less relevant than they were a decade ago. At some point, desktop vendors aren't going to see the point in paying for MS licenses when they can use an OS similar to or even straight using Chrome OS. Why would manufacturers sell machines with hardware needed to run Windows when they can sell much cheaper hardware with a larger markup that runs a stripped down facebook browser? Gaming will be the last holdout. A year ago I would have said Steam Machines will change that over too, but now that's not looking too hot to me, so Windows will probably last for a while maybe indefinitely in that space, as well as legacy support machines.
windowsfree*Upgrades* are free, the OS itself is not. Manufacturers still have to buy those licenses.
no survivors
never. kill yourselves freetards.
Year of the Linux desktop when?It's about 5 years away and always will be.Linux for servers was popular because too many people knew how to exploit Windows because of their Windows desktop experience. Also, Linux is free as in beer and MS screws businesses for Windows Server seats.
who is this semen demon?
Spede Pasanen
 no it will happen when everything we do moves to the web browser and the cloudY'know, it's interesting.  Just 2 years ago our upper management team was talking like that:  "It'll all be in the cloud in a few years."I don't hear that talk much anymore.  Now I'm hearing things like this from the CEO/COO levels: "No fucking way are we trusting our crown jewels [company data, trade secret documents, etc.] to some 3rd party whose employees we can't monitor."  The lawyers are also talking about some of our regulatory compliance requirements, which really complicates the idea of keeping certain things off site.   I'm also hearing stuff like this from the top IT guys: "If the server goes down I swear to god I better be able to walk a few dozen footsteps and personally see what the fuck needs to be done and start knocking some heads around.  There's no fucking way I'm going to let myself get stuck on the phone with some guy in India who doesn't give a shit while our company is hanging upside down by the balls with an IT emergency."I think the word is slowly getting around that if you put your shit in the cloud, then it's like literally getting your legs chopped off at the knees -- you might be a few pounds lighter, but you sure ain't gonna be quick on your feet anymore.  I think they're also getting spooked by the NSA snooping -- they figure that if the NSA guys can snoop, then all the other bad guys can snoop too.
he uses the cloud meme
interview was from 3-4 years ago and his words still ring true.Linus said it himself; tables and mobile devices are taking over the "PC Experience" for your average joe-shmoe. Fact it, friend-o.. As time goes on, your general public will be less interested in having a PC, as just about everything will have access to the internet.
tablets and mobile devices*
/mu/
Consoles are cheaper to buy and way way way cheaper to maintain in the long run especially if you buy games.False.
When will we get a Linux distribution with native Android app support? I'm sure that'd grab some peoples attention
Um, what is Chrome OS, Alex?
An OS that doesn't have native Android app support OR debian program support[spoiler]How'd you know my name is Alex[/spoiler]
Wait, if 2015 is the year of the Linux desktop, then what about the year of the BSD desktop?
Never, Linux has superseded BSD.
Yeah right. That's not what my 90s CGs say, dude.
Why would I choose a BSD desktop distro versus Linux?Not even hipsters do that shit.Hard-mode: Don't say security
You should really cut down on the porn as well, not good for the mind.
Never
How did you know I watch 40GB worth of loli futa every day?
Windows plays the games people actually give a shit about.
Well, apart from security, it's rock solid, robust the FreeBSD network stack is famous for handling ridiculous amounts of packets, in the range of millions, stability, awesome package manager ports, sane kernel development won't break APIs every other month, real deal UNIX software instead of bloated GNU lookalikes you can really see the UNIX philosophy shine here, and it's useful to learn to boot one of the founders of WhatsApp landed his first job at Yahoo because he had a lot of experience with FreeBSD since he used it as a desktop for years. Most important of all, it's fun. That's the only real reason to ever use a desktop, right?
Not even hipsters do that shit.
Jesus Christ. And that blog of his is even worse.pic relatedJust kill me now.
buzz wordsGNU!!If you want a real open source desktop O/S to thrive, you need the community. AFAIK there is no desktop BSD community.
It doesn't matter because the desktop is already dead as a mainstream concept.
Thank you!/thread
tfw I'm literally the only one of my friends with a desktopThe rest of them just use their phones since all the do is text, email and post on facebook
moves to tabletswhat is the most used operating system on tablets?
Windows is a de-facto industry standard. It doesn't matter how easy to use Linux becomes, or how much proprietary software it gets. Until something crazy happens to upset the de-facto standardization of Windows something that will cause major vendors like Dell and HP to offer every single machine they sell with the option of shipping a linux distro out of the box, desktop linux will never become all that widespread.
NSAand all the other bad guysNSA is protecting you and fighting terrorism fuccboi they aren't "the bad guys" unless you're a threat to America
AFAIK there is no desktop BSD community.Debatable. OSX is FreeBSD and NeXTSTEP with some Mach microkernel code.Also PC-BSD which is just FreeBSD for normalfags. They even ship it with prebuilt computers.
What is with with the developers of Unices and flying jets?
OSX is FreeBSDAgain, the average consumer and mild hobbyist do not know this. Even so, how often do you see anyone mentioning the OSX community on this board, let alone FreeBSD?and PC-wut m8?
OSX is FreeBSDnot really
It has a large amount of FreeBSD code in it. Apple hired the co-founder of the FreeBSD project 

Linyos Torovoltos, the Soviet hacker who invented the Lunix operating system.
"On March 31, 1987 Hubbard executed an rwall command expecting it to send a message to every machine on the network at University of California, Berkeley, where he headed the Distributed Unix Group. The command instead began broadcasting Hubbard's message to every machine on the internet..."lmao
That seems to be saying the same thing. I never implied OSX was just FreeBSD, I said it had NeXTSTEP and Mach code as well. There is probably other stuff too for all I know
CANCERERECTIONSHITWhat ?
DANGEREJECTIONSEATThey don't teach reading in American schools anymore huh?
FreeBSD recently created a code of conduct because some bitch on twitter was harassing the devs and people who dared to support them. More BSD forks on the way!
Daily reminder.
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-HartmanAs expected of systemd fags.
 kernel on browserIt's a bait season apparently
never saw the problem with this
Maybe around the time Linus stops being such an utter cunt.Seriously, the guy is the embodiment of the tech guru autist.  It's no wonder that the project he started is still useless as a real-world desktop OS.Love it for servers, though.
GNU MADNo really given that those commits were for proper Hyper-V support. The only reason MS did that was because they know that if Linux didn't work well with Hyper-V they'd stop using it and use another hypervisor solution.
give me one good reason why i should use thing!hard mode: your good reason can't be a good reasonYou're literally retarded.
What.
Linus should just start dropping bombs on non-Linux users.
Fuck off, Microsoft, it's already happened.  Your shit OS is dead, its only users left are ignorant cunts and old people.
I personally think PapyrOS has strong chance to become the Just Werks distro. I hope lots of gnu devs will join it's developement.
uliuliuliassburger
What about just using the intranet the same way you would use the cloud. You just need your own servers and maintenance and it is the same. A bit higher cost for more security and control, but the idea should be about the same. All you need is a phone, a monitor and a keyboard and mouse and anyone can start to work. Just connect it to the intra net and you are set.
Don't be ridiculous. If I wanted a tablet OS, I'd use a tablet.
Year of the Linux desktop when?same year of Half Life 3
The kernel.Run on top of the browser.What does the browser run on?The browser becomes the kernel.The Linux kernel becomes a userspace or netspace? process or script?
When actual software people use for work like Photoshop or MS Office or Visual Studio will be ported. Which is likely never happen because people who use their PC for work don't care about recompiling kernel or ricing WM.
It's not tablet OS.go back to using Gnome 2 if you think it's cooler
laptop by any other name
You're the only one who cares about cool here m8.Usability is my main concern, and hamburger buttons, nondifferentiable element types and extreme padding do not cut it.
Wasting money on console games when there so much cheaper on pc
Why should I use BSD over Linux? I still don't really understand the difference?
stay on topicnormie will want something that looks as good as any modern OS and can into much facebook.kde comes close but imo it's hard to use
Why it is hard to use? It's both intuitive and familiar.
pls bully
You're shit, mate. That desktop, those programs, that os. What a fucking heap of shit.
You are shit your life is shit your desktop is shit your existence is shit your musical taste is shit kill yourself save the world the universe can't handle your shit anymore
Faggots !!!!!!
That's not what your mom said when I was drilling her holes.
You need to get out more you disgusting NEET.  Look at that steaming pile of shit that you call an OS.  Look at it!  LOOK AT IT!  IS THIS WHAT YOU CALL AN OPERATING SYSTEM!That centered task bar, it's almost like you really wanted an Apple.  And your music, get a better selection mate.  Hipster fag.
Op, you're useless, absolutely worthless. Nothing you do will amount to anything for anyone. Everything you achieve in life means nothing, because when you're dead there'll be no one who cares about you, just like no one cares about you now. Hell, I bet most people don't even want to know you.No one will ever love you, those dreams of yours? No amount of waiting or self improvement will make you as happy as you'd give anything to be in your mind. To anyone who even considers you a person you're just a tool to be used for their gain.There's not a single thing you can do to your worthless life to make it worth living. You eat, sleep, shower, work, dream, and then you'll die. Just hope it's quick, because your life is just a long, empty living hell of disappointment and regret. Keep listening to the music, and keep "enjoying" your media, just try to forget about the black hole that is your life because you don't stand a chance at happiness. Consumerism is your only outlet and hope at realizing what an empty existence you're living.
You can stop up my holes anon ;
Damn, that's fucking harsh as hell.  I know OP said bully, but wow...
sure is bully in here
well you pretty much posted what I was going to tell OP
Did you just describe yourself m8?

NO BULLY PLEASE
shit's fucking off center it's bothering me pls delete this
what are you trying to show faggot? that you can install a shit music player and move some icons? go away
help me rice my firefox /g/, please
install Chrome
about:configthemedevtools.theme = darkbrowser.devedition.theme.enabled = truesmoother scrollinggeneral.smoothScroll.mouseWheel.durationMaxMS = 200general.smoothScroll.mouseWheel.durationMinMS = 100browser.newtab.url = "/path/to/custom/startpage/index.html...remove everything in the navigation bar except the option button and address bar.
thanks Anon
The dev-theme and newtab won't work in newer Firefox versions 40.Keep the 39.x and don't update it until there are fixes for that :^
I am 30 years old.  The first computer I had was a radioshack tandy.You want to know how many hard drives I have lost due to fuckups in the FAT/NTFS format?ZEROWant to know how many times OSX has nuked my time machine backup external hard drive in the 4 years I have owned this laptop?Three.  Three fucking times even though I ALWAYS eject it correctly the laptop decides to shove a dick into the file structure and I have to format the drive.Why do people say HFS is great and NTFS blows again?
Because macfags?
kekNever in the history of ever have I heard anyone say anything positive about HFS.
You want to know how many hard drives I have lost due to fuckups in the FAT/NTFS format?zeroAt least make your shitposting somewhat believable
Why would you try to fit in here?  I have IDE hard drives from windows XP and earlier that are still 100% functional.Shit I even worked as a repair tech for almost 7 years through windows xp and 7 even got 98 and 2k machines and I NEVER once saw a drive corrupted due to the windows file structure, and no one I ever worked with ever did either.
Don't see why he should be lying. I've never lost a FAT drive, not even during Windows 95 times where you got a blue screen every hour your system is unstable, pls press ctrl+alt+del god I hated it and I only lost one NTFS partition Windows 7 randomly nuked it.
Speak for yourself, I had IDE drives in my closet that still work and they have FAT16/32
Oh hey I'm 35 and my first computer was a Tandy too. Neato.
Now that I think of it, the only fs fail not hardware hdd fail I've ever seen was on my Apple PowerBook.
I've lost no data because of NTFS.
I've posted about this a lot. HFS is dildos and has the most retarded way of handling corruption that occasionally results in irrepairable damage to the file system. Copypasta from stack exchange: it is fragile because it has no actual system to correct corruption within a file. A journal records transfers and attempts to recopy data in order to return the filesystem to a consistent state but if the file lost is vital like actual filesystem structure data then there is no recourse. In fact, because the Catalog File which is lists all the logical data information is stored as a file, if it corrupted in certain places your entire filesystem is rendered useless garbage data, or partially tended garbage in the event that it is corrupted and the a journal replay occurs which causes it to restructure the filesystem in a way that is not consistent with the data e.g. file a and b are 1MB and 2MB respectively but the replay changes them to be 2MB and 1MB resulting in half of the contents of B being inside A
Question: in the case of filesystem corruption, would RAID 1 protect against data loss from this, or would both drives simply be corrupted since they're mirrored?
EXT4 for general usage ZFS for long term storage Anything else is shit tier.
/a/ faggot.
Linus Torvalds agrees.
fuck off back to /a/
suck my cock dude
I have. But never from anyone that knows anything about filesystems.
yfw HFS+ can't even into proper case sensitivity
Why do people say HFS is great and NTFS blows again?Fucking nobody says that. You're just looking to start some shit.
On Linux, it doesn't really matter which file system you use as long as it supports querying the block/extent maps. You can put a backup of your block mappings on an SD card and even if the file system were to corrupted beyond repair, you could still read all your data.
Well I couldn't even format the thing in OSX because the OS couldn't unmount it for whatever fucking reason.  Had to plug it into my windows box to be able to actually do something as always.Oh well, time to let it backup for 8 fucking hours.
he doesn't use btrfs
 anime on 4chan is contained to /a/
using meme FS
4chan was originally made for the discussion of anime. It will remain an integral part of its culture for as long as it lives, no matter how much you fags hate it and shitpost.
Case insensitive filesystems must burn.
Getting assblasted about anime on the site with tons of anime banners
Friend gets macbook for collegeIn a year, it shits itself and won't bootTakes it to apple store because applecareThey tell him to fuck offGoes home and reinstalls OSXNow programs take 20 minutes to openSold it Built his own pc and bought a $300 laptop for classNot touching that shit with a fucking pole.
I'm 22 years old and the only hard drive failures I've ever had were on 3+ year old laptops I lugged around on a near-constant basisNo problems with NTFS/FAT, just the fact that I'm moving a spinning drive
what did he spill coke all over it or something? i can't see apple care denying it unless something stupid as that.
I used to have ext2 destroy my file-system about once a monthnot even windows Me was that bad
why are you using a literal fsck frontend instead of fsck?
This. Boot into single user mode and just run fsck instead of using disk utility, it works better for whatever reason.
i've really never had an issue with hfs+, it's much better or worse than ntfs or ext
disk utility does suck though, you're better off just using gparted as a boot disk
I've had NTFS appear fine right up to a chkdsk. As in, before some files that would be present and working normally would either disappear or be zero bytes in size after.One memorable loss was a large VM hard drive image. Wasn't happy about that one.Only time I've ever seen a fault on HFS+ was some socket file for supervisiord fucking up every time I had to force a shutdown. Just had to boot into recovery and fsck it once or twice and it'll be clean again. After I stopped using supervisord, I never had that problem again.
What the hell are you talking about dude??
btrfs fucked my / twice because of power loss one year ago, never tried ever since. Did it get any better?
How would the filesystem ever destroy a drive?
Here's my shit solution, anon #! /bin/bashif [ $# -ne 1 ]then    echo "Usage: fuck u"    exit 0fiwget -q -O .videos "-e 'yt-lockup-title' .videos | sed 's/.*href="\[^"]*\".*/\1/'`tits=`grep -e 'yt-lockup-title' .videos | sed 's/.*title="\[^"]*\".*/\1/'`IFS=$'\n'COUNT=0for Title in $tits do echo $COUNT. $Title :: ${urls[$COUNT]} let COUNT=COUNT+1doneecho "Watch which?"read -a choice[ -z "$choice" ] && returnrm -f .videosmpv --ytdl-format=18 --volume=4 is best I
Try again. Faggot
HFS is terrible. Every other week I have to reboot in safe mode to force a fsck to make sure I don't get corrupted files. Yes, this keeps happening and I've been on OS X since 2003.
downloads a shitty videopresumes the user has mpv installed
There you go.class="quote" +Philip Durbin I didn't listen to all of it, but while +John Siracusa isn't a fan of HFS+, he's not even ranting about the true insanities of that filesystem. Sure, it's old. Sure, it does a horrible job of actually protecting your data. But those are more "it's not a great filesystem" issues. They aren't "that's incredible crap designed by morons that have a hard time figuring out how to feed themselves".The true horrors of HFS+ are not in how it's not a great filesystem, but in how it's actively designed to be a bad filesystem by people who thought they had good ideas. The case insensitivity is just a horribly bad idea, and Applie could have pushed fixing it. They didn't. Instead, they doubled down on a bad idea, and actively extended it - very very badly - to unicode. And it's not even UTF-8, it's UCS2 I think.Ok, so NTFS did some of the same. But apple really took it to the next level with HFS+.There's some excuse for case insensitivity in a legacy model "We didn't know better". But people who think unicode equivalency comparisons are a good idea in a filesystem shouldn't be allowed to play in that space. Give them some paste, and let them sit in a corner eating it. They'll be happy, and they won't be messing up your system.
And then picking NFD normalization - and making it visible, and actively converting correct unicode into that absolutely horrible format, that's just inexcusable. Even the people who think normalization is a good thing admit that NFD is a bad format, and certainly not for data exchange.  It's not even "paste-eater" quality thinking. It's actually actively corrupting user data. By design. Christ.And Apple let these monkeys work on their filesystem? Seriously?There are lots of good reasons to not move to ZFS cough-Oracle-cough, but they could have pushed people to case-sensitive HFS+, which would have then made it much easier to in the long run migrate to anything else saner. But no. There is a case sensitive option, but Apple actively hides it and doesn't support it.The stupidity, it burns.So you had all these people who made really bad decisions and actively coded for them. And I find that kind of "we actively implement shit" much more distasteful than just the "ok, we don't implement a lot of clever things" that John complained about.Rant over.
Why do people say HFS is great and NTFS blows again?nobody says that.

switching to MACSHIT AND HOMOSXkill yourself mongoloid and fuckoff /out/
yeah the file system on OS X is my biggest complaint tbh. I wish they would switch to something modern and not totally shit.
That is an option, and it works.However, some poorly-written applications will break if you use it.
but anon this is os x, there are no poorly written apps! everything is in glorious objective-c/cocoa
Alright, which one of you guys did this?class="quote""The camera played some eerie music and a voice could be heard indicating the parent and child were being watched," Melvin said. "Obviously it's going to be disturbing."The family's Internet service provider confirmed the router had been hacked and the source of the hack could be from anywhere in the world, she said.Pic unrelated.
hackedyeah fucking rightthey probably had an insecure IP address and some faggot just viewed it with some software. I've been on threads that have done this kind of weird spying shit on /b/.
I'm going to seel my Vestax PDX2000s and buy one of pic related so I can record my records. I see there is a mod to remove the built in preamp which, to my ears atleast on the various examples, does indeed improve the treble slightly. So I'll probably do this but rather than remove the board completely I think it would better to add a toggle switch to bypass the board if so desired. What record players does /g/ like?
jesus christ it's 2015 you fucking ludditeWHAT 8" FLOPPY DRIVES DOES /g/ LIKE?
Common Sense 2015
Stick with your mp3s kid
just download flacs of those albums. don't ruin a great turntable.
They're all singles, many if which are not available as downloads.
Can't you just set it to phono and use your own preamp
Yes, but the signal is still routed through the circuit board that contains the built in preamp.
vinyl didn't playback highs very well so they boosted the highs before cutting the vinyl. during playback this pre-emphasis needs to be reversed. thats what the preamp is doing. if you bypass it you need to add a de-emphasis filter why you currently hear a lot of treble.
Enjoy your crackling, audiophallos
I just want to bypass the built in preamp to utilize my own amp. Basically, if you "bypass" the built in amp the signal is still running through the circuit board the preamp is located. Essentially the mod is to cut the connection to the built in preamp/circuit board and run it directly to two RCA outputs. My addition is rather than cut the built in preamp out, I'll leave it in with a toggle switch to switch between them.Otherwise I'm fully aware of the cutting of records basic knowledge though and the RIAA eq curve
enjoy your beats™
Funny, since even the cheapest and shittiest products of that garbage brand allow for better sound than your rice crispies player
Heh believe whatever you want to believe child
Anyone else got this? What ROM are you using?I've tried AOSP and Limonchelo.AOSP was bretty good but couldn't get fucking data to work on it, and Limonchelo ran like dogshit and drained the battery like fuck.Any others worth a shit?
MediatekNEVER EVER
Had Lenovo A820, Mediatek never again
Been a while since I've seen anyone mention the piratebox on here. Anyone still using theirs? I've just set mine up and am hoping to share some stuff on it at uni.
What is it?
is a DIY anonymous offline file-sharing and communications system built with free software and inexpensive off-the-shelf hardware."Basically an open WRT router that lets users connect, share files, and chat.
A portable drive with a wireless card basically.Just some stupid shit that died out because it's stupid.Put a small amount of stuff people might want on a drive, go out in public and hope random people connect to your random wireless network and know how to access the data on it.Pretty stupid idea, that's why it died on its arse.
I still have mine but never really use it. Hoping to have more purpose with it when back at uni.
One of these that could be self sufficient would be nice. Still waiting on more rugged components and higher capacity point to point links that aren't microwave for $5000.
I have one of those little routers with OpenWrt on it. OpenWrt dies when NATting lots of sessions i.e. torrents so it's useless to me.It's /g/ so nobody leaves the house to make a PirateBox useful.
Linux is useful to an average user and a professional employeepeople should be willing to go out of their way to use Linux instead of Windows/Macs because it's FREEnewest Android phone specs are higher than iPhone's, that means that Androids perform bettergiving money to buy Moto G will pay off because it's cheaper Windows are the worst smartphone OS
Windows aren't the worst, iOS is
Linux is useful to an average user and a professional employeetruepeople should be willing to go out of their way to use Linux instead of Windows/Macs because it's FREEtrue, but they shouldn't have to install it. newest Android phone specs are higher than iPhone's, that means that Androids perform betterthat's a fucking retarded to think that. But whatever, both are shit. Windows too if someone ask. giving money to buy Moto G will pay off because it's cheaper it's been a long time since we don't see tose moto G fags Windows are the worst smartphone OSAbout desktop, I still hesitate between windows and OS X for the worse OS, about smarptone I never had the chance to test it, but all I can say is android and ios are shit.
Linux is useful to an average user and a professional employeei use linux as a self employed web developer. and my mother uses linux as a normal user as it is does what she needs without the bloat or lag.    people should be willing to go out of their way to use Linux instead of Windows/Macs because it's FREEthey all have there upsides and downsides, it should be about what you need to do, not the cost.    newest Android phone specs are higher than iPhone's, that means that Androids perform bettermy experience with android is pure lag, but i cant justify the price of an iphone.    giving money to buy Moto G will pay off because it's cheaper if it is cheaper and it does what the user needs then i have no bad things to say about it.    Windows are the worst smartphone OSi use a lumia 520 as a daily phone because i need something i can call and text as well as browse, i don’t need all the bullshit apps ect...
Linux is useful to an average user and a professional employeeAre you employed? Take it from someone with an actual job as a software engineer that Linux is very useful, in fact I couldn't imagine doing my job without it.
I have a concept for an ultra media compatibility box for the sake of autism. A pc with internal VCR, betamax, opticals for fucking laser disc, DVD and blu-ray. A cassette deck, 8 track, a vinyl. table on top. Any sort of media, especially the hyper dead, you can name, you can play it.Seems possible, no?
Y
Possible = Y.Practical = N.
Good idea OP, well get our research and development team on it asap. welcome aboard autismo inc.
I'd buy one.
I have a concept for an ultra media compatibility box for the sake of autism.The only viable market are Audiophiles, whom won't buy it unless you can strap in a ton of buzzwords, use dubious science to create claims of "lowered signal noise" and other BS, can actually deliver good sound from any source regardless of these dubious claims, and can make it actually look good and feel solid.Seriously, like, audiophiles buy: 25% on Looks, 50% on "scientific claims", 20% of it actually sounding nice, and 5% on it feeling nice and being over pr iced
Of course it is possible.  But there are probably fewer than 1,000 people in the world who would buy such a thing.
ya all those are actually USB now so
and then something breaks and you have to replace/repair the whole 100kg unit
shit, I loled
Seeing how small VCRs are,you'd need one of the late 70's - early 80's VCR to do that.
See the following,Model    Qty        Priceitem1    1        20item1    10        18.50item1    25        17.90item2    1        6item3    1        42item4    1        99item4    5        94item4    15        89.50Now, I want to do a select on this table of the following;IF record HAS qty  1 SELECT ALL record BASED ON modelBut I am unsure on how to do this, Would I have to do a join onto itself because I don't see a case working here with nested selects?
As clarification, here i would want to select all records for item1 and item4 as both of these items have a record with a quantity of greater than 1.
Select * from table where qty  1 group by model
What do you mean by "select all based on model"? Do you want how many of each model, and the total price?
I want the result set to be as follows;Model    Qty      Priceitem1     1         20item1     10       18.50item1     25       17.90item4     1         99item4     5         94item4     15       89.50So I look to see if models which is a non-unqiue product_id has a record with a 'quantity' value of greater than 1.If it does, i want to select all records, including the record with 1 quantity for those models.
Man, I'm on my phone. Just keep googling and practising with a SQL engine.
Select * from table where model in select model, sumqty  1 from table group by modelTry that maybe? Use an aggregation function and sub query.
'Operand should contain 1 column'.
SELECT *FROM itemsWHERE model IN   SELECT model  FROM items  WHERE qty  1
This nigga. He has clarity
Perfect, just a few extra tweaks and it should pull the data I need. I will need to look into the 'IN' selector I guess.
, 
, 
Speccy thread? Speccy thread. R8 H8 etc
Upgrading to Pascal next year.  Also using a 2560 x 1080 21:9 display now and I'm never going back to 16:9.
Debating a third 980.
...but why. why not just upgrade to an alltogether better gpu.
What GPU could I get for $500 that will out perform 3 GTX 980s? Two 980 Ti's is hardly even an upgrade according to all the benchmarks out there and that would cost me $1300 to get a very slight increase in performance to what I currently have.I'm 5-15FPS shy in most titles of a smooth 60 @ 4k. I'm pretty sure a third 980 would be the most economical solution.  Upgrading GPUs this gen simply isn't worth it.
he fell for the 390 8GB meme
Slow ramonly TV for monitor1080... 8gb vram... You literally do not know how to build around your needs, do you?
You literally have no idea what you're talking about, do you?
CPU is clocked at 4.9GHz with 1.41V. Barely gets above 40c under an hour of load.Haven't tried pushing the 7970 that hard so it's sitting at 1050MHz with stock memory.
7970only 1050MHzI run my 7950 @ 1080 on stock voltage. What the fuck are you doing?
Uhm, no he is exactly right. 390/390X for 1080p/60hz? Literally full blown retard consumerism here.There are several better choices.  If he/she is planning to go 1440/2160 there are also better choices.   390 is literally a shit card with no niche in the market.
It's a shame speccy doesnt know what overclocking is
Waiting for W10 tbh
Here come the nvidishills
I plan on getting a proper and better monitor, obviously. Though I don't see what's wrong with my RAM.
My newish laptop has a 6630m gpu, I'm pretty sure it's only a 1gb card which is plenty for my use. I was just wondering why it is showing 4848mb here? Any way I can check the real memory? No way it's 4gb vram in a sandy bridge laptop
Alsosingle slot ram showing dual channelsWhat's up with this laptop...
Yo /g i need your advice, im looking to get a new phone and cant decide which is the better option the Sony Xperia Z3 or Samsung Galaxy S6. Which is better and why?
probably an LG G4, i don´t think that any phone camera even compares to that one.and physically i´m not a fan of the S6, and the hardwre of the Z3 seems too expensive for it´s price point, and the Sony UI feels just... old
Z3Leave
Sony UI on Lollipop is literally just stock with questionable status bar icons and a changed home button icon you can change it back with a theme.
not using your z3 to take high quality dick pics in the shower or bathnot having ip65 & ip68 protectionOkay.
Sony Xperia Z3 VS Samsung Galaxy S6
I have the S6, it's terrible. It freezes randomly sometimes, it gets really hot sitting in my pocket with no apps open, and the battery life is so bad you'll be plugging in depending on how much you use your phone about 2-3 times a day. Dont get this POS, get the Z3
Wouldn't the S6 vs Z3+ be a more fair comparison?
Got the Z3 a few months ago. The screen started having this yellow tinting at the top right. Also the back is more fragile than the actual screen itself, think it's made out of glass or something. I have micro-fractures here and there at the back probably from an odd bump here and there. My advice is to get neither.
it's the glue spreading because it's too hot
Or you could not be a dumb shithead and get tempered glass screen protectors for the front and back.And god forbid you get a protective case.
neitherKek
Z3+/Z4 has a lot of heating issues as well. The price jump is also not worth it for just the 810 imo
God forbid the phone not be a big piece of shit that everyone on this board shills
LG G4 for the huge ass screen.Z3 Compact for a good phone with a decent sized screen.
If the phone needs a case to offset design issues then why am I the retard? Why couldn't the back just be made out of plastic or hell, cardboard would be stronger. I like the phone otherwise.
Except, you know, the back is made of guerrilla glass. I've had mine since a week after the initial release and have only ever used screen protectors, and guess what, it still looks brand new.
I am glad that you are  happy with your phone, but how does needing a case/screen protectors so that your phone doesn't break not a design issue? The yellow tinting and the weak back are not uncommon problems, and you could see this with just a 5 second google search. You don't have to take my word for it. I've never had issues with microfractures with my older htc/nexus phones mostly because they were plastic. Why they'd choose shiny glass over shiny plastic for a back, I don't know.
Here's the collected wisdom of /g/ from 100s of other threads we've had on Samsung Galaxy S6.Save it, spread it, post it to S6 threads!Smeary glass not aluminum backFlat back, terrible ergonomicsKnockoff factor: everyone knows it's just an iPhone 6 ripofftouchjizz... looks like iOS, not AndroidEdge gimmick increases cost for no useful functional advantage2K screen results in crap game fps compared to othersamloled screen has severe burn in issues, yellows after a year, and causes motion blur way more than LCD2K screen saps batteryBattery life isn't good enoughBattery is non removableFast-charge battery means it will die quicker.... and when your battery dies within a year from all that fast charging, you can't replace it and need to get a new phoneNo microSD card slot... while more storage costs an extra fortuneIt will shatter when dropped. class="quote"over $200 in damage from a single drop!bends & breaks more easily than even iPhone 6+ class="quote"Expensive and looks like iPhone 6 yet it can't even send blue text!Samsung has horrible customer service: class="quote"... and they will flat-out refuse service if you root the phone*gasp*Front camera not good enough in low lightBack camera protrudes by a lot & more prone to scratches due to protrusion and no sapphirePhysical home button wears down after a yearWeaker GPS signal than competitionNo double tap to wakeYou can't ok google from anywhereEdge screen distorts images and suffers from color shiftingEdge uncomfortable as a result of sharp cornersWildly inaccurate colorsBezels larger than previous phones and competitionHard to rootWhile touchjizz makes rooting and a custom rom a mustToo big to comfortably type one handedMany people are reporting scratched screens and dead pixelsUSB downgraded from 3 to 2Branded by Samsung on the front and back making the design tacky
are you stupid
Z3.S6 has heat issues, plus it doesn't have an SD card slot.
Sony UI is oldSony UI is stock with custom icons...
Z3+ has a lot of heat issuesSo....a good comparison for the S6?
Consider LG G4.
Anything that uses that Qualcomm snapdragon 810 has heating issues.Though my point was to encourage you towards a regular z3 rather than a z3+.
Sony is more developer friendly at the moment, I don't know what the fuck Samsung is doing these days
Neither.Get a Note 4
I have a Z3v. Inb4 sony z2 variation, retard got buttfucked by verizon.I had a moto razr HD and that was shit. Go z3.  Battery is awesome, waterproof is handy, 20 mp camera software is shit but get snapspeed or crystal clear.  Does get hot with games and camera but that's just the small things. Plenty of ram. It has never froze on me or at least stuttered. Battery right now has lasted 10 hours of constant usage since 1 and still has 26% left. This thing also has built in wireless charging
 just feels... old Sony UI is literally stock with custom icons.are you an autist? pls kill yourself
Perfectly clear not crystal clear
If I bought a tablet with and Intel Atom processor, would i be able to install some linux distro on it and make it a mini computer? Pic related Dell Venue 7 is the tablet I'm considering buying right now.
No, your best bet is something more normal like a pipo x7s. Those have a full bios atleast, and usb ports etc.
probably not, unless there's a distro that includes touchscreen drivers
No, It's not worth it.Just use a normal Android tablet or a Laptop with Linux on it.
If you want to fiddle with Linux on tablet the only way to get it going is using VNC on a normal computer..which kinda defeats the point..
Performance will suffer, you won't have proper drivers / generic drivers.
Yep, just generic drivers and so-so performance. Fun to fiddle with but pointless.
just buy an iPad, iOS can do so much more than any linux distro.
It doesn't see, that devices come with a EFI.Android based devices have their own little bootloader world and it's not user friendly at fucking all.Usually locked.
Ok thanks y'all
What about that app at F-droid which installs debian?
such as?
So much Fucking wrong in this thread. Linux will work on x86 tablets that originally had win 8 effortlessly.  Touchscreen support may be a bitch though.
Yes, but it may not be simple. Recent atom tablets have had driver issues like crazy. Google around. I had Ubuntu on my venue 8. You will need to have a usb keyboard and mouse until full configured though for most configs I have seen for a few tablets.
mfw freetards can't even into tablets with their halfbaked OSThis thread is hilariousSo much for shitting up the Win10 threads
Compile an iOS application on iOS and then run it on-device.
Forgot your frog image, Microshill.
I fucking hate the new update..
I don't hate it, I just dislike it. It also really doesn't fit in with Material principles. Oh well.
Ditto.
Penguinz0Mah nigga
Agree 100%I find myself swiping from the left expecting the menu to show up all the time
This is the greatest app update of All Time
This update makes channel to channel navigation so much slower.
Like a fucking clock
at least they added support for vertical videos, thankgod
not using this version
don't worry, we hate you too
Charge your phone OP
29% is fine.
Literally zero difference.
I don't hate it, but it does need work. It's a bit too fucking simple.
Whats up eveybody, its critical
Get a load of this linux loser:You probably use Arch too.
still no way of setting My Subscriptions as home screen when the App startsfucking trash, I don't give a shit about retarded "trending" videos, which are 99% normie shit.
The recommended videos section is just a huge list it's a pain in the ass to navigate. The subscription panel is missing one huge feature. click on a channel button It only lists out the videos of that channel Also a scrollable bar if you have a lot of subscriptions It's so fucking stupid that they failed to implement these basic features.
you dont have to update, im still on some 2013 version
Is this the new samshill tactics? third time I have seen these gay ass threads with Samsung news splashed in the middle
WHERE IS MUSIC TAB
I don't know if I got you right, but you can got to the channel from the subscriptions page
, 
What does /g/ think of the upcoming flagship Lumias?Also, has anyone gotten Android to run on Lumia phones before? The hardware looks nice.
I'm only interested in camera perfomance
protruding cameraWHYY DOES IT KEEP HAPPENING
Nothing else to use that space forOh battery? No you have to buy a new phone next year
I hope they cut the bezels away this time like in that mockup. Microsoft is worse than HTC, absolutely disgusting.
I'm extremely hyped. Literally the only flaw is the SD810 in the XL model. Other than that, it's the GOAT phones.
Fuck off shill.
950Did they even do the fucking 940?
speaker on back of phoneSorry, but I can't go back.
Nokialol
Nokia is good brand. WP is garbage. They should use stock Android imo
Can't fucking wait. Just hope that its a total improvment over my 930. Don't want to be compromising.
 high-end wpWhy? To run which apps on it? Seriously.
can i use continum there?
Nokia doesn't make phones anymore. Apparently none of you retards got the memo.
Yes, that's the point. Conitinuum requires newer, higher-end hardware. All current phones may be getting Windows 10, but none of them have the hardware to support Continuum. Even phones like the Lumia 1520 or 930.
Continium will be nice. What apps do you use on your high end phone friend?
Microsoft is worse than HTCThat's literally not even possible since there are no speakers on the front like with HTC.
The current rumor is that the 940 and 950 are going to be the two new flagship hones, with the 940 being the 5.2" one and the 950 being the 5.7" one.
WP is garbagesomehow android isn'tThe only bad thing about Windows phone is no apps.
so it will be about usb c right
hope the w10 universal apps boost the app count
Both flagship phones are supposed to be using USB-C, yes. I don't know if that'll be a feature across the entire Lumia model line though.
What does /g/ think of the upcoming flagship Lumias?They are Windows phone, so its a huge dealbreaker.
Snapdragon 808 and Snapdragon 810into the trash
The only bad thing about Windows phone is no apps.That is the only reason I use a smartphone. To use my own apps: FireFox, AIMP, VLC, etc..
That camera design
Mobile browser2 media playersWow
This
that
Nothing wrong with the 808
I had the 925 for awhile and that actually put these little bumps at the ends of the speakers so the phone would lift up a bit and actually amplify the sound. I don't know how many of the other nokias have this but
Well, you don't have them on wp /fact
I will be owning the XL version. This Galaxy Avant is truly shitty.
Except that 805 is superior and even 801 would be better. Hell, even 800. Ahem, Nexus 5..
Ok so, what's wrong with 808?
Provide sourcesThe 808 performs just as well as the 810 in most cases, but without shitty heat problems
Both 808 and 810 are bad due to their architecture ehich is the same in both chips. Overheating aside, I'm not refering to it.
How is it bad, seriouslyYou're just saying it's bad
Talkman Lumia 950Matte White or black polycarbonate body5.2 inch WQHD 1440x2560 OLED displaySnapdragon 808, 64-bit Hexa coreIris scanner infrared for Windows Hello3GB of RAM32GB of internal storage with a microSD card slot20MP PureView rear camera5MP Wide-angle front facing camera3000 mAh removable batteryQi wireless charging with flip coverUSB Type-CCityman Lumia 950 XLMatte White or black polycarbonate body5.7 inch WQHD 1440x2560 OLED displaySnapdragon 810, 64-bit Octa coreIris scanner infrared for Windows Hello3GB of RAM32GB of internal storage with a microSD card slot20MP PureView rear camera with triple LED flash1mm silver ring inside the circumference of the black camera podAluminum side buttons5MP Wide-angle front facing camera3300 mAh removable batteryQi wireless charging integratedUSB Type-Chas accessories with Surface Pen and smart coverIs MS going Surface Phone now?
Why can't microshaft into basic design?
Snapdragon used to make its own cores. These two chips use reference ARM ones which are less efficient and underpowered copared not just competition Exynos, A8, etc but to their previous chips aswell 805, 801, 800. This two chips are just awful and SD is moving away from the technology that's in these two. They used reference because their technology was not ready yet. So expect 820 or whatever they'll call it to be better, a lot.
except for the fact that it outperforms the 805
Matte White or black polycarbonate body onlywhyremovable batterywhyLumia 830 camera housingWhy?Volume up and down keys separated by power buttonWHY?Completely square handsetWHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYWHY IS MICROSOFT INCAPABLE OF NOT FUCKING UP?
being this new
its nice and all but what to do with $600 phone with literallyNO FUCKING APPS?
Yes I heard they want to make a literal surface phone.
64-bit Octa coreSpec war lol.
Seamlessly access your loli porn on a park bench with Microsoft OneDrive.
I want one, kinda tired of android
whats wrong with removable battery?
wp10no apps
It's not streamlined and monolithicly sturdy like the iPhone and GS6 and Nexus 6 etc.
These apps are missing from the Windows StoreHangoutsSnapchatTelegramSlackSoundCloudTinderNo, the unofficial ones don't count. You have to be seriously retarded to hand over your credentials to anonymous curryniggers.
WP10 has universal apps, so all those apps will be on WP10, unless they legitimately hate money. Microsoft is pushing hard for 2 billion devices running Win10, and all those apps would be able to be run on WP, PCs, and Xbones.
They promised "universal apps" for Windows 8 too...
And they've already released the process of doing the universal apps.
those specsIf the battery life is good and has apps I use, I'll switch to W10
Except it's been confirmed to have a removable battery.Consider that it is easier to deal with an extra coin-sized lump in your pocket than it is to deal with an extra stack of index cards' worth of thickness taped to the back of your phone.laughing at Nokiathe people who made the N9I bet you like Happy-Meal quality gimmick phones from Korea. Have fun with your back to school shopping.They actually did make some weird mutant Android phones for a while under "X" model numbers. They were Android Lumias, which sounded pretty dank to me. N950s and N9s can triple boot Meego, Android and Sailfish if you're sufficiently savvy enough to make it work.You can run the Honest to God Microsoft Office Suite on it. You can also do photo editing or video editing as well. The point of this is to let this thing be a core for a system of peripherals via Continuum rather than just a high horsepower phone. And there's that thing about being able to convert android and iOS coded applications to windows yadda yadda closing the app gap blah blah been over this 10000 times.Whoopty.I already talked about this earlier in this post but I'm guessing WP just doesn't meet your fart machine and flashlight app needs. That or you're one of those faggots who moans about not having snapchat or instagram.
They should rebrand it to being surface mobile. In all honesty surface has a good name for itself unlike everything else Microsoft.
Fuck snap chat all it does is over heat my phone just to send simple IMs. The creator is clearly incompetent
Microsoft logo + Windows logo
not wanting removable batteryHAHAHAHAHA
logoCant tell soft keys from logosI thought /g/ was tech literate.
what's next? You wanting no microSD slot because muh unibody?
The SD810 is told to be the second gen of that chip which should not have heating issues
dont give a shit, its overpriced
VLC is already on WP and Firefox is already developing a Win/WM10 app
instagramFor Long time thereflashlight appIt's a toggle in WM10 located in the action center
I thought they were doing the XL bullshit what the fuck is up with these retards at Redmond and their stupid fucking numbers shit
5.2 inch WQHD 1440x2560 OLED displayPut a FHD display on it instead and the battery would last way longer. Why are they doing this?
they're not it turned out to be just a new x86 version of firefox with a "for windows 10" sticker slapped on.That was their "Firefox for Windows 10".Literally nothing.
Telegram are you kidding me? The official one has been there for over a year with constant updates, yes it's marked as beta but has ALL features like on other platformsMan can't you just do a simple search before talking shit? This isn't /g/ anymore
Are they out of money already?
please get murdered.
it was never in the works to begin with.It was just the new version of Firefox x86 that coincides with the release of Win10 so they called it "Firefox for Windows 10".There is no mobile version of it. This is literally firefox version whateverthefuckcomesafterthecurrent one.that's all it ever was.
Not liking matteNot liking removable batteryNot liking a fucking shape you can holdGet a load of this plebe.
no. The current rumor is that MS still reviewing if Lumia 940/940 XL or Lumia 950/950 XL .
Can Windows Phone adblock yet?
I wish you could get android to run on it. The Lumia 640 would be the ultimate budget phone at $99
I know a couple years ago someone got an Android dual boot running on a Windows phone, I'm not sure if it was restricted to a specific phone or version though, never really paid attention to WP
940 being the 5.25.2STOP. What do I have to do to have a flagship phone at a reasonable size? Everything keeps getting bigger.
Worth $200?I want to write mobile apps but I only know Java but there's no comparable phone to the 640 xl.
Is the 2nd gen moto g better??
Zenfone2
IS ANDROID BETTER THEN WINDOWS PHONES?Yes, ditch that shit.
3g fine if I do basic web stuff like banking only?
Perfectly, but I'd cough up the extra cash and get a Zenfone 2 like  recommended. 1080p screen with 2GB of ram AND supports 4G.
Go for it. Also it is kind of big so you migh want to consider the 640 as well. Also if you know java, you probably know general principals of programing. So learning sometning like C# will be a lot easier than doing from scrach. You also have shit load of documentation and free Visual studio comunity 2015 availabal to you that will make thing even easier.I would see go  lear, a new language can only benefit you.
God damn typing on a phone on shity road. How can it be don. Maybe something like digitally stabilized keyboard?
alright thankslooking at the dual sim models, I travel  a lot / use different numbers a lot
That meme shit again
but I only know JavaIf you know Java, you already know C++, C#, Python, Ruby, and any other C copycat. Why don't people understand this?
K so I'm new to this so I need a it of help I got a avr588 receiver but confused on hook up the manual is poo poo so here's the deal I have an xboxone and its hooked threw to the cabelbox and into the tv so do I just run the Xbox hdmi into the receiver and back to the tv or can I just run the audio optic cable from the tv to the receiver and skip the hdmi stuff please I could really use the help I'm to nervous to hook it up without knowing I'm worried I'll break something
read the sticky and GTFO.
No need to be a twat I'm new to this shit and just asking a question
CYBER CHALLENGE for Finnish Defence Forceswould /g/ fare?
You wake up to a terrible headache in a dark room, and realize that you can't move or even recall your own name. As minutes pass, you begin to vaguely remember lurking in your basement and typing the command ':{ :|: & };:' in an xterm session just before everything went black.Also, you hear a small voice promising that you'll regain your ability to move if you manage to figure out and tell it the probability of having at least 2 Linux boxes in your basement. The voice also kindly informs you that your basement contains 3 computers altogether, and that the operating systems of the machines are either OS X, Windows or Linux, with equal probabilities.Your intuition tells you that what the voice says is true. What will you answer to recover from your paralysis?I replied "Yes. Macs are for faggots and Windows is a botnet." but srs though what is the answer?
I don't see any forms to answer the questions?
The first sentence is a hint. There is at least one Linux computer in the basement.That means that, out of three, you may remove any permutation that does not include a Linux computerso the final list of permutations is:LLLLLOLLWLOLLOWLWLLWOLWWOLLOLOOLWOOLOWLWLLWLOWLWWWLThe probability of two computers in the basement being Linux is exactly 5/17.
The first sentence is a hint. There is at least one Linux computer in the basement.wrongyou can have xterm on any of the three systems listed
You can't forkbomb with shell script on Windows and OSX, dumdum.
Is there anything suspicious in the process list?chrome
There's no way to be sure that typing that command actually caused a forkbomb, or had anything to do with your condition.
1. IE is doing something with cmd.exe
It's generally better to be pragmatic than autistic when being tested.When people want to test you, they will not attempt to trick you.Questions are most often best taken at face value.
Here's an answer for their bucket puzzle.Working with deciliters for easier notation. Right bucket capacity is 47, left is 43.43 00 4343 4339 4739 00 3943 3935 47Keep subtracting 4 through this method, until we get to3 00 343 30 46
#3 says;Lorem~Ipsum.
That is literally the most trivial question there.
19.6. The newest version of a system should never be used as it is likely to contain unidentified vulnerabilitiesThis is somehow both true and false, as newest versions can also contain fixes for old vulnerabilities.
I'm having a boot issue. Here's the details:2 hard drives: one is 40gb and one is 750gb. The 750gb one runs my operating system but will not boot. It shows up in the BIOS, however. I also have an operating system on the 40gb one and can boot that one, but when I do and go to My Computer, the 750gb one does not show up.Anyone have any ideas? Pic related - it's the 750gb in the BIOS...saying that it has "0mb" on it. I hope I'm not fucked :
/g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.
no one here is willing to help out someone in needFuck off, dude.
see Go post the problem on Spiceworks  - you get an answer there. Here you'll only get install gentoo and delete system32
Well it sucks for you that there is nowhere else you can go on the internet for tech supportif only computer literate people knew how to use the internet
I'm looking for a realtime chat room type deal. This is sort of urgent and I can't really afford to wait for a reply on a forum. Thanks for the suggestion, nevertheless.
Cute reply. Implying I haven't already been to several places other than this one. How's 9th grade, underage b& friend?
Your HDD is dead, time to get an SSD and be happy.And why the fuck do you have a 40GB HDD in 2015? Is it IDE as well? Jesus.
There are millions more placesGo to them instead
I don't have any idea. My step dad built this computer for me. He had the OS running on the 40gb one and the 750gb acted as storage only, but I ran into problems with that so I moved the OS to the 750gb.
Are you retarded? You're not someone "in need", you're a scummy shitposter who deserves to get kicked out.On the topic of your problem, since answering it will make you piss of: It's firmware bricked. See if the vendor's firmware tools can fix it. If not, you can pay some data forensics up the butt for recovery, or just buy a new harddrive.Next time, respect the board rules, please.
My step dad built this computer for me.Oh god, you can't even build a PC yourself and have no idea what the 40GB drive even is?You do not belong here.
where can i find the rules?
Oh god, you make assumptions and jump to conclusions? Don't ever engage in a debate please.Thanks for the honest reply.
Are you retarded?A bricked phone means one thing: your phone won't turn on in any way, shape or form, and there's nothing you can do to fix it. It is, for all intents and purposes, as useful as a brick. A phone stuck in a boot loop is not bricked, nor is a phone that boots straight into recovery mode.He might be, but so are you.
The harddrive is firmware bricked. Not anything else.Nothing else than a firmware bug causes the harddrive to report 0MB back. Likely a 0LBA bug.For all intents and purposes, it's bricked. Fuck your irrelevant phone analogies.
As much as I love arguing semantics, we can simply agree to disagree.
Have any of you /g/entlemen used ZFS on Linux? Is it production ready? How does it compare to the FreeBSD counterpart? I'm interested in building a NAS, and I've heard too many horror stories to trust Btrfs with any important data.
Used it for years.  Stable as fuck, served me well.That being said, I am switching.  The fact that I need to buy an entire set of hard drives to switch over everything isn't something I will be able to afford next time.
Using it on Arch, so far so good...Some issues I've ran into: * Creating a pool on real hardware, sometimes fails due to a timing issue; but spamming `zpool create` will eventually create it anyway. * `.zfs/snapshot` auto-mount was buggy a few releases ago, but is apparently fixed now haven't test it though * Could never get samba shares to work through ZFS's tools * ZFS is memory hungry and doesn't readily release memory back once taken; this may cause some issues with kernel drivers.Otherwise, for my purposes anyway, storing files, creating snapshots, sharing via NFS and Samba albeit manually, it works fine. Other caveats:  * Using it for root, seems messy I personally don't use it * There might be issues with FreeBSD/Solaris pools, features you use on one OS may not be compatible with another and it will fail to import the whole pool
Currently using it for my nas on Debian 64.  I use zfswatcher for status updates and warnings.
Have any of you /g/entlemen used ZFS on LinuxYesIs it production ready?With FUSE, sorta, natively hell no. Not even btrfs is, which sucks. If you want a stable fs, run ZFS on FreeBSD. It's currently the most viable option.
When you build a PC, do you buy everything at once or buy it and install it over a period of time?
I don't see what benefit buying certain parts later on has.
I change small things at a time, this way I can say "I've been using this PC that I built for the last 10 years" and still have the latest/greatest parts.Think of it like Ship of Theseus/George Washingtons Axe/Body cell being replaced/Aging/etc
What about the case?
I consider it part of the computer system.
If you buy everything at once then you'll know if any parts are dead on arrival. However, if you incrementally buy parts then you may not know until the dead part is already out of its return window because you've not been able to know if it works or not.
You can prevent this if you put the parts in your current PC, probably wouldn't work if you're upgrading a CPU since you'd probably have to upgrade your motherboard as well might as well just go all out and assemble a new PC at that point.
That's a fair point. I wrote that assuming that there wasn't another machine that you could easily test parts with.
How often does this happen? Realistically?
I couldn't say specifically. I've only ever had one part DOA and that was one stick of RAM. I guess what I meant is that it's something to be aware of, not that it happens very often.
It seems like replies for any part vendor are just if the part fails or is a bit complicated
The only good way is to buy everything at once.
What a shitty build sheet
Eh it's not half bad
Guys I was a idiot, and got the 4690 version. What do
return it faggot
So my 5870 is having bad performance across all games, the video card is supposed to be more than sufficient to run them but I'm getting severe lag spikes and low frames even on lower settings and no AA, any fix to this.Definitely nothing bottlenecking it as my other components are reasonably fast so I'm confused on what's causing this. Thanks if any help can be givenPIC unrelated, just a PIC from my last LAN party
Install Gentoo.If that does not work, buy a GTX 970 tm and the latest i7. Plug them into a vibrator and get crazy fps's.
What's your os? and are you using directx or opengl?
Direct XWin 7 x64bit
Check your temperaturesDid you update drivers recently ?
I recently received the card in trade for my 560, benchmarks say this card is better overall, So I'm not familiar with it or its issues that are currently thrown at me.Temperatures are not high or low
I'm not made of money and I'm currently using windows, Linux is fine just prefer to use windows due to better accesablility to games
, 
Hey Fedora bros, can you help me make fonts look better? What tweaks do you use? I tried to install freetype-freeworld from rpm fusion repos and enable lcdfilter, but fonts were too thick, not looking good.
bump
infinality
Theerr is no repo for Fedora 22
hey hey hey bump bump bump tralalala
# emerge media-libs/fontconfig-ultimate
it manually.
install windows
yeah for really really shittier font rendering
Nigga are you dumb? Windows finds ways of fucking up when displaying bitmap fonts.
Install fedy, it has a setting to make fonts look good.
fedy repos are down
Really?Then wait.
Old thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself if you want more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. to get into private trackers and survive: Interview Notes: if you are a redditor, take the reddit private tracker's interview instead.Use /g/ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ thread.Remember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopethe above does not apply to Oppaitime
My seedbox resets in 7 days and I have 5TB traffic left, on what torrents can I dump my bandwidth?
What are you looking to gain from that?
I can support the plebs on public trackers like Nyaa or Bakabt.
Anyone here running a seedbox at home? I've recently bought a few Raspberry Pis, I'm using them mostly for seedboxes and they've been pretty hard on my router. I've been thinking about upgrading my network setup, my I have no idea what I'm doing. Any directions or places to read up?
What do you mean hard on your router? I know the BT protocol is a greedy fucker but you can set limits. I just use my desktop, I'm seeding ~600 torrents and it's working fine.
Ok so seeing as it's a bit harder than I thought to get a BCG invite, is GGn still worth it for older stuff? I'm mostly concerned with old Nintendo stuff back to NES, and older PC games, including nostalgia shit like Freddy Fish and Pajama Sam. I want to know if GGn has a decent selection for those things.
BCG as in blackcats-games.net?I've got an invite if you want it.
I've got an invite if you want it.Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
It's a pretty old one and it handles a lot of clients really badly. Whenever I launch all 3 or 4 clients, even though total upload and download speed is only a fraction of my normal speed, internet starts lagging really bad, the wi-fi barely even works.
Today was a good day.
Welcome.Don't fuck it up.
Gimme dat
Check out the wiki and update it yourself if you want more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. wikis been down since yesterday night. Or is it just me?
BroadcasNice b8
So I finally got a seedbox. Do I just download all the freeleach stuff on what.cd and slowly raise my ratio?
Ye ggn developed pretty good
I want a invite too if you can give it I can give you a email
GGN seems to be the best for pen and paper books, and they're well organized. BCG doesn't seem to have any of it.
Yes, all the summer picks and the May picks as well. There are a few more freeleech too that aren't staff picks. That's the easy way.A little harder but not too much is to set autodl / pywhatauto to grab upcoming popular albums.You can also just grab all log 100% flacs or something like that and hope that over time you make some buffer, but that depends on the speed of your seedbox.
I got feral. I think it's 100 Mbps. I think I'll try the 2nd method after I build up some buffer.
Public tracker neanderthal. Try going to BTN yourselfbroadcasthe.net
I have never ever noticed that
kek
fuck off
how to take a screenshot tabno furaffinity tabSo very disappoint anon
FFFLLLLOOOOEEEENNNNSSSSS
using muhtearial desingnot using based chanugit gud
I just got a pop up ad that covered my whole screen for Game of War, what the actual fuck Floens what have you done
Can't afford down payment
not having a ad blockerwhat are you doing on /g/
Holy fuck, is this /g/? Are you retards actually not blocking ads? Good for him for making money off of the people not smart enough to block them.
Clover not having ads is the only reason I had mine off since lightning browser+ already blocks ads
That is the most disgusting keyboard I've ever seen. You should feel bad.
hating on flexy
floens confirmed for money hungry jew
Check out adaway, it's FOSS and it blocks ads in the host files so it blocks them pretty much everywhere.
Good thing I don't because the keyboard is great and you sound like a fag
Floens just cucked all of 4chan.
not part of Fleksy master race No wonder you're this salty
This, my fucking workphone is carrier locked BS so no root access and no adaway for me, wtf man
4chanon work phoneshiggy diggy
not using Swype, literally the perfect keyboard whose ideas were so ahead of it's time every major competitor stole them2015I thought you guys were supposed to be good with technology.
Swype is outdated shit, fleksy is where its at
You should fuck off to reddit
Alright let's do thisWill you be buying this?What do you hope to see?Honestly if i see MicroSD support then its a definite buy for me.
Leaked pictures of the phone from ChinaSupposedly
bump
more expensivehardware buttonhousefire CPUGPU not fit for that resolutionWhy are you even asking, it is objectively worse than OPO.
Why is the logo still the same?
I thought it'd have a little something extra. I'm more interested in the Moto X and Nexus 5 refreshes.
snapdragon 810 shitty chinese screen No fucking thanks
Hardware buttoni can live with ithousefire CPUit seems like it will run great to be honestGPU not fit for that resolutionhaven't read much about the GPU inside the OP2 but i guess we will wait and seeWhy is the logo still the same?The company name is OnePlus
OP here basically i just hope this phone looks and is better than my Note 3 i am getting tired of my note
We used to get prototypes like this at my old job. I was too much of a pussy to smuggle them out though and take photos though.
it seems like it will run great to be honestEvery single manufacturer claimed they stopped overheating, what they actually did was throttling the fuck out of it to 2012 levels, v2.1 is pure marketing - m9 and z4 both have that version. I highly doubt that Chinese startup can accomplish what decades old companies couldn't. And don't look benchmarks, they are done in freezer, real performance is on SD800 levels - won't do with that resolution.
Industrial Design
Mi Note Pro does not overheat and I don't think they under clocked it?
I'm frothing at the gash waiting for this new chinaman phone..... NOT!
 muh techspec
Previous thread: 2nd retro ThinkPad blog post with survey:ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:business laptops are also welcome in /tpg/ e.g. Dell Latitude/Precision, HP EliteBook/ZBook.
In response to Thanks for the mini-review. Seems an SSD is a good way to keep the heat down. Is it unusably hot with? Without?AoEII and UT99 are enough for my needs, I intend to use it with Steam streaming. I just wanted to confirm a small cpu mhz increase is indeed the only difference between the 520 and 620.
Got a dock for my T430s last week. Not sure how I lived without one before. Never used to bother plugging anything in, now I'm all connected whenever I sit down at my desk.Set up bonding/lagg across wifi and ethernet so connections didn't break when moving around. NetworkManager doesn't place nice with bonds though, so I made it not assign an IP address, and call a dhcp hook every time any interface goes up or down.Probably need to migrate to netctl or something so I can set static addresses, but it's working for now.
why are these docks so expensive though.
Huh? They're like £12 here.
WHERE?
On eBay. There's literally fuckloads of them.
Planning to buy the T440, I'm pretty sure I can live with the TN screen, but is the trackpad as bad as they say?
If you like physical buttons, it's terrible. If you like tap-to-click, it's fine.
Why would anyone buy used laptop?
Cheap as fuck, as good performance as current gen low voltage shit, more durable than new consumer tier laptops.Also cheap and easy to upgrade/repair.
Why would anyone waste money on a 2000$ new Thinkpad
brilliant, i had only seen them in the 200-300 range on a local website.they dont seem to have hdmi though, is that correct?
I can buy quite ok new PC for cost of that thinkpad and that thinkpad may die anytime.
Correct. But they do have DVI, HDMI to DVI cables are cheap as fuck.
You can build a sandy bridge based PC with screen and peripherals for $150? I highly doubt that.
That's the age-old trade off of buying anything used.I usually go refurbished on laptops so I at least have some warranty, but even that can get crazy. Got my thinpad refurbished and it came without a 'C' key and a broken power cord. Lenovo fixed both for me.
I wanted to buy a thinkpad too. I even get to play it with it for a while but i dont think its worth the money when it can die anytime and you will be left with nothing.
Why do you keep posting this? Have you had lots of electronics just suddenly die on you for no reason in the past?
i have a thinpad Mini 10 with an ssd installedspecs are carp but battery lasts 7hrsfucking love it
DAT BEZEL
i know right, there is an upgrade screen + bezel i can get, but im actually ok with this thing for now
Recently i was looking at lots of places and comments about thinkpads and i am amazed how lots of people say 'oh my thinkpad died today', 'oh my thinkpad has problems with this and that'. I never would buy used electronics, but considered buying a thinkpad. But now i am sure that its not worth buying used computers. You pay, and you cant be sure if it would work for even a year.
The same is true for any electronic device, also bear in mind internet comments always have a negative bias.If it really concerns you, most  refurbishers do offer warranties.
anything can fail at any time, i havent payed for a system in yearsi get broken ones for free from sell/trade sitesand use my spare parts to fixthey rarely break down, but they could
Yes, 3-6 months for thinkpads i was looking at. Thats not too much. For new computer you get 2-3 years.I wanted to buy a thinkpad. They ment to be solid, durable etc, but when i tested one it wasnt anything ultra solid and durable, and keeping in mind its old and can break anytime, im dissapointed with this, but i dont want to buy thinkpad anymore. I wont buy anything used.
I have been hypnotized by the MerchantI like wasting money
holy fuck dude you remind me of someone with ptsd irrationally bitching about the most mundane retarded things. i've had my thinkpad for 4 years now and absolutely nothing has been wrong with it. you talk about hearing stories, but guess what, these laptops wouldnt be super popular on more places than just /g/ if they didnt have thousands of people swear by them. i really dont know what the fuck you need to hear, but it sounds like you need electronics therapy. what did you lose that was so special to you?
bought a thinkpadhdd had no caddy and only one rubber railbought another thinkpadhdd had caddy, but still only one rubber railwtf guys? are you fucking eating them?
Well, at least you only need to buy one set.
So have you upgraded to Windows 10 yet?Running great on my X201.
Have x201, bought for$45, A conditionNetwork card goes outUse updated version of Centrino 6200NERROR 1802 FUCK YOUThanks Lenovo
I'm glad to hear it works well on x201, still trying to decide whether move to windows or stay with Linux. It's going to be my only computer so maybe I should.
flash modded BIOS with removed whitelistproblem solved
Found an article that said to do that, not tested on the x201. You know of one that has been tested for the x201?
I've bought an x220 and it's arriving tomorrow but I'm suddenly worries the screen will be too small. Am I a retard? Should I return it and get a t420 instead

Try it for a couple of days and see how you like it.
Thank you kind ser.
That's almost too reasonable a solution.
never heard of dual booting?
thats just gay. you shouldn't date two grills at the same time either.choose freedom anon
lol my 2007 t60 is still in daily use to this day
please tell me you all chose 3:2 as your preferred aspect ratio for the retro thinkpad
i chose 1:1 anon1:1
16:10 because I at least want it to cost under 2k. Sorry.
16:10, I like the speakers on the side and I can open more terminals.
bought T60p on ebay1600x1200 screenscreen has many black spots inside
I've had an x200 like that, was dirt under the glass. You can take it apart very very carefully and clean it off.
16:10
4:3, even though 16:10 will win and that's OK
I think it's between the LCD and backlight
Weird.  I got a T60p with the same screen issues.  Mine's got some pressure marks, too, so I just replaced it.
Hi, I'm pretty sure this is not a q&a thread, and if its not disregard this. I just bought a t400 and I was wondering if Linux can support the fingerprint reader, I would really like to use it.
16:10did I make you uncomfortable, my friend?
under 2knot gonna happen
I honestly don't know if I should dual boot. I use Linux a lot, what will I miss by going to windows only?
ur gaymes
What. Windows only, I'll miss no games.
Oh my badur freedoms then
muh freedoms
x220 came indecent conditionodorous, smells like tobacco smoke and a decrepit factoryfan grill is rusted a bit on the edgesWhat can I do to fix this?
Where's a reputable place to buy genuine old Thinkpad parts? I have a 750c that needs a few things.
Rusted? Top kek, show pics.Steel wool and paint?
this just in: plastic rustsIt's nicotine/smoke residue mixed with dust and human slime.
human slimeBuying used is the best way to avoid dealing with human slime, if you catch my drift.
it looks so cute BUT THAT FUCKING BEZEL
you all disappoint me greatly
Going into Software eng.T420 or T430 or X220I believe having the option to triple boot Windows, Linux and OS X is best for me. I believe OS X would be useful because my software design course does stuff with apple.I want to upgrade Ram to at least 8gb and have fast SSDs. I will have an external drive for various media. I play Dota 2 occasionally.I enjoy watching movies so I'm iffy about the screens. I live an hour and a bit away from my uni so on weekends I can go develop on my desktop but having something powerful enough to develop would be nice.I can always buy a dock eventually.
So there's a dude on Craigslist selling a prehistoric ThinkPad T41 for only $1540gb HDD and 512mb RAM. CPU not specified though there's an Intel Centrino logo on the outside.Says the only problem is that it 'sometimes turns on and then goes off' however 'its repairable'. All parts seem intact and he's selling it because it's no longer being used.Considering the price, is this a good impulse buy?
Just get a rMBP and defer those headaches.
Sorry but I'm a poorishfag and even if I had the money to buy a rMBP I would just spend the money on a cheaper laptop and build myself a good mini itx desktop. I would get a mac only for the screen quality and trackpad that's about it. Those are the only two reasons I can see for it right now.
what guide can I use to know how to get rid of all the bloatware on my new used t420 or reformat windows?
hello /tpg/ i have a x201 and wellits great i have no complaints i think people are dumb if they cant figure out stuff like how not to get a bad used product any ways
Thanks /g/, My T420 has to be the best laptop I have ever had. It is tied with my SP2 for best mobile device.
So how do you deal with high temps? I mean higher than 60C
It is advised to replace the thermal compound and de-dust the heatsink. If that doesn't work, fiddle around with CPU speeds and get better ventilation.
  get better ventilationWhat kind of ventilation? It's not like a desktop where I can put whatever cooler I want inside. I always assumed that laptop coolers were more or less the same
I mean make sure the exhausts aren't covered. Some people put laptops on materials like blankets without realizing that it is trapping heat.If you are running windows the default power plan pins the CPU at 100% when plugged in causing quite a bit of heat, so change that.
So what are the main /g/ approved new Thinkpads that you should get now, depending on use?I see a lot of x220s, probably for portability.What's a good one for programming and work?
x220, i7 2620m, 2.7ghz, intel hd 3000, 8gb ram, 160gb ssd,ips, 9-cell battery holds about 4.5h of normal usage, clean and tough, almost as new.19500rub $340.Did I do goog, /g/?
x220 vs x220 tablet?Are the specs the same? Is the tablet just a bit bigger and that's it?Could I take notes on the tablet and draw on it too? It has a wacom digitizer, if you guys have any experience with this then I'd be grateful for some advice.
I'd recommend T4201600x900 is tolerable on 14inch screengood keyboard layoutgood ventilationcan get usb3.0 with express cardput an ssd on it and everything is sanic fastyou can 420 blaze it as a joke and hate yourself for itperfect size for carrying it around&getting engaged with the screenabsolutely shit speakers tho
I believe tablet version overheats a little bit more and the screen probably will be scratched as fuck.
X220 with 1920x1080 IPS mod. :^Or wait for the T420 version of that mod to come out, you can stick a 2k IPS screen in it instead.
 1600x900That costs extra 90$ for an upgrade because most T420 models have regular 1366x768 screens. The ones with already good screen usually costs twice as much
I got 1600x900 with i7 mint condition around 300$, provided that technology is retardedly overpriced in my country it was a good deal.
I think I'm gonna get a tablet X220 i7 4gb and get an mSata and an SSD maybe, comes with a 320gb HD all for 400 CAD.Should total out to ~600. depending if I get the 2.5 SSD. Will also get a 500gb to 1tb external drive, might as well benefit from the USB 3.0. An extra 4gb of ram should come in handy.Do you guys think windows 10 will work fine in Tablet mode with the X220? I'm gonna end up dual booting with a unix OS anwyays. Either Linux of Hackintosh depends
if you hackintosh, you need to price in a new broadcom based wireless card
I have a w520 that's been making some weird "scrambling" sounds recently. This has gotten increasingly worse over the last month. No sign of any hardware failure yet, and I know it isn't the HDD.Any ideas?
Does it only happen when you're downloading/uploading over WiFi?
Never thought of that, but there does seem to be s correlation, yes.
Yeah, it's the WiFi card. The one in my 420 does the same thing. Is yours also the advanced-n 6205?
Yep, that's the one.
It's a good excuse to upgrade to the 3 antenna ultimate-n 6300 anyways, hopefully that doesn't have the same issue. Hard to find any reports of the problem online, I guess most people can't hear it over HDD and fan noise.
Is there any point in upgrading from the 6205 to the 6300?X220 w/ 6205 hereI only have 2 WLAN wires, but also 2 unused WWAN wires, could I use a WWAN wire as a WLAN antenna?
If your router and internet connection support the higher speeds.Not sure but the wwan cables probably work if the connector fits.
like this then?
I'd rather flash the BIOS without the whitelist and put a 7260 in.
Yeah that's the one.
I don't have an AC router.
Also an option if you're okay with the negligible bricking risk.
So I just bought an i7 x220 from a charity shop on eBay for 200 quid. It's in perfect condition aside from a busted Kensington lock. Pic related. Don't really care if it was stolen tbh but I don't like the look of it and would rather people not think I'm a thief. Anything I can do to "fix it"
Fuck that's brutal. Either hide it with a bit of paint or replace the parts. You'll never get it looking perfect again with diy methods.
Thanks for your help anon
Fill the hole with jb weld and then sand it flat.
Darn, oh well, doesn't affect function. Can't you buy the plastic chassis or something  by itself? Might try this, thanks anon
Also, what case/bag should I get for my x220

Perfect anon, thanks. I'm in the UK but I'm sure I can find the same thing in EU
this a good battery upgrade?
Got mine for £28 from a UK seller, but yeah good price.
Keys and trackpad on my X220 are looking pretty worn, anything I can do besides replacing them that'll make it look less raggedy?
How do I reformat my windows 7 with the windows key that my used thinkpad ha without any windows cds? Also if I format and reinstall windows, what thinkpad drivers should I put back on it?
I know the ridiculous 2048x1536 R50p screen can be modded into a T60, but what about a 1600x1200 one? I'm seeing one on ebay for much cheaper than an actual T60 panel of the same res.
I'm looking for a light and portable thinkpad with a high screen resolution. 1366x768 is crap.I was looking at the T450S and the X250.Any other noteworthy models I should consider? Preferably one with older design than these new ones. A manual screen upgrade is fine too if that allows an older model to have high res.
sitting on a x200 with same problem.I think too. Having replaced CCFLs a few times, I will not dismantle the screen and make things worse.I'd buy a new screen from China and replace it. It's 50$ well spent.
Newegg has a T430 for $340, 8gb ram, 240 SSD, i5. For school. Y/N
X201 or T410using ultra fine sandpaper, P2000 and above, you can remove the 'shinny look'. But be aware that you might remove the letters as well. You can get them at hardware stores.
Im looking for the x220 with the IPS panelHow do I know if they have it?I'm currently googling the model number but all I see for display is Active Matrix TFT Color LCD. Is that it?plz halp
Yes it's a good deal for those specs. But the screen is shit, 1366 x 768, if you don't have problem with that, It's OK., also you can upgrade the screen/battery if you want it.
Guys is pic related the final shipping price or do I need to pay more for shipping?
Final with global shipping program, no customs on top. Expect shipping to take at least a month though.
Oh okay.Pic related says a bit less than 1 month, but it has tracking so I guess I'm fine. I never bough anything from ebay
I've never had anything take a month from the US.. Sure, they're slow af, but not that bad..
Do thinkpads have hardware level backdoors and the like? Are they freedom certified?
It's when they use that eBay global shipping program that it takes ages. The seller posts it to the 3rd party handler, who check the contents then send it off to their office in the destination country, who then hand it off to a local courier. It's a long drawn out process and the tracking is patchy at best.
Ah i see, I've never had to deal with that..
Why? Yours was sent with UPS or USPS?
Thinking of getting an X220 i5, 4GB RAM, 320GB 7200rpm HDD for around €200-230 and upgrading it with a 128GB msata SSD for around €70. Would be an addition to my gaming desktop and mostly used for university work and programming. Also to play some old games on the go what can the HD3000 handle?.Good idea?
what's wrong with 1366x768 on a 12.5" screen?
But that's how much he probably paid for it
USPS, UPS is crap.This. On a 12,5" screen it's good enough.
How come nobody in this thread has one of the newer T series thinkpads? Are the T450s and etc bad?
16:9 for compatibility with all of my monitors
I did the exact same, don't regret it. I was about to buy a MacBook Air to go alongside my gaming desktop but it made more sense to me just to get an x220 with an SSD and a 9 cell battery to give me close to what the MacBook could for half the price, both have disgusting screens anywayThat said, mine in particular runs hot as balls and sometimes the fans sound like jet engines, but tpfan control manages to keep it under wraps
minor damages to thinkpads are about the most interesting pictures on the internet
Got a 20% off voucher from ebayupgrading from a t400 which is getting a bit slow these days. plus the battery is fucked so i might aswell buy another referbAny good  i5 IPS models under £200?Im thinking t420 if there arentthanks
Not much chance of that, the few IPS x220s on UK eBay are silly expensive and suffer from white spots. Better to just find a nice condition 900p T420.
how much can i sell a thinkpad T60 for in denmark? the novelty has worn off. poor battery life is just far too much of a hindrance to justify carrying a laptop about that weighs twice as much as most modern laptops, computes just as well, but has atrocious battery life in comparison
bought an X220 for £140 on ebaylisting just said i5, 4gb and 320gbmfw turns up with a 3g modem and an ips screen as wellstill was in lenovo warrantyFeels good man.
Hows the screen reso?Do you find it annoying at times?
Thanks bro. Got the T420 comingcan anyone reply to this comment with the 'enjoy' meme please telling me how badly i fucked up?thanks
so I bought an i7 x220 and it arrived today.I was doing all the system updates and noticed it was getting quite hot. I installed HWinfo and saw that the cpu was got up to 82 degrees. It seems to idle in the low 50s.Are these temps normal? I'd certainly worry about my desktop cpu at those temperatures. Would those temps damage the processor?I can still return it for a full refund, should I?Also, Unrelated question:Why is it running 32 bit windows? I thought x220s ran 64 bit hence the potential for 8gb of ram. How would I fix this? Just install 64 bit windows instead and use the same product id?
here are temps btw.Not they highest they got up to, both cores got up to 82 degrees
82 is ok.. But you could replace the thermal compund I guess
i7 mobile reaching 82 is completly normal, my i73630 reach 95 at full load
what cpu cooler are you using
How do I go installing Windows 10 on my thinkpad? I have Windows 7 Ultimate key but currently I'm using Linux, do I need to install W7 and then upgrade to W10 to have a legit copy?
That's exactly what you need to do.
Stock I guess. Literally got it a few hours ago. I think it was stolen because the kensington lock was hacked apart funnily enough.thanks for the reassurance. Will those temps not damage the cpu in the long run though?
It's fine. Do change the paste and clean out the dust though.
If my windows 7 is 32bit will it upgrade me to windows 10 64bit?
Don't hold me to this, but I'm pretty sure the keys that come with thinkpad activate both 32 and 64 bit versions.
I'll hold you to that
Opening it up voids my 2 month warranty though ;_;Guess I can just be sneaky with the sticker. Would I just use the same thermal paste I have for my desktop cpu?
my friend had an i7 with stock cooler and artic silver paste, always around 75Cget a new cooler like Hyper 212+ evo is a good start
Does anybody know if it is possible to get a bigger battery for an E330? The current battery is starting to show its age, and was looking to get a replacement.
...you know this is /tpg/ right? I don't see that fitting in my 12 inch laptop.I actually have a 212 evo in my desktop though
Thanks a lot for the reply.
Of course, I'm running the stock battery atm.
edge
clean the fan and new thermal pasteidle for full voltage sandy bridge is around 40-50 while clean, and load it does get up to 80's 90's
can i just use the thermal paste that came with my 212 evo or should I spring for something a little better like arctic sliver and get comparable heat conductance.
I'm a retard, just flip the two parts of the sentence around
you sure did Russia
with laptop's it's best to use non-conductive and i don't know what comes with a 212if you want to buy new to be on the safe side arctic MX-4 is bloody great as my t400 idled at 25c with that.
class="quote"The paste that comes with the EVO 212 is absolutely conductive. The thermal compound is non-curing and non-electrical conductive.Well fuck you too tom.Guess I'll stop being a kike and get the mx-4
HELLO FRIENDOSWould it be possible to set up the KVM VGA passtrough on T420?
jesus christ that bezel makes it look like a digital photo frame
a 4g tube is only £4 and will last a while as you only need a tiny bit
The shitty series have confirmed backdoors and secret softwares installed.
So I repasted my T410 the other night and these seem to be my idle temps, and there's quite a temperature gap between fore 1-2.Is that a thing for the 1st gen iSeries cpus? i5-560M if it counts.
What should I look for in an eBay listing for a Thinkpad? All of these listing look shady as fuck, but I'm not sure if I'm just being paranoid
Core 1-2*
First you have to decide on a general model you want and above all your price point. If you want lightweight laptop then X220, if you don't have the money for that then go a little lower and search for X201. If you need standard experience then T420, if you have some more funds then T430 some of auctions have started running pretty cheap.I suggest to lurk in Auctions and set Item Location according to your region if you're in EU then set to European Union. If the listing is in a foreign language use translators. Even if the seller doesn't specify shipping to your country contact him anyway to verify if he can ship. Some just forget.Key things to notice and avoid: cracks on casing, spots and distorted pixels on screen, missing keyboard buttons, no adapter, no battery, broken connectors, camera availability in some models it may be hard to mod it in separately. Be aware of what you will have to upgrade and how much that costs RAM prices, SSD prices, spare part prices to replace broken ones. Use this search term and modify the model names accordingly to your preference:lenovo,thinkpad,ibm,think pad x201,x201s,x220,x220i,x230i,x230,t420,t420s,t430,t430s,t440pYou can try Buy It Now but most of the times you will end up paying more than in an Auction.
Paint or vinyl wrap, or like anon said, job weld and sand flat
Is a ThinkPad 8 w/ 128GB for ~$250 a good deal?
tfw going to get a Gluglug X200
ThinkPad 8A wot m8?
Well I guess you just hate money then
I value my time more than my money.Libreboot preinstalledupgraded wireless card configured the way I want it still cheaper than most decent laptops
Small air bubble maybe? Also what's you ambient and load temps? Idle temp doesn't really as much as load.
Room temp is in the 72-75f range. Load temps shoot up to 80c, but the fans seem to jump way up at that point too, so it hasn't gotten more than a degree or two higher than that yet.
how do i find my windows key on an x220i cant find the sticker
Looked under the battery?
nope, I'm doing updates right now but i'll check in a moment thanks
A ThinkPad 8
it is a mystery.
tfw x200 on the waytfw my 3rd thunkplod
Just fold some paper up and wedge it in there.
dude you're in luck, i just went through this mountain of bullshit, luckily i'd pulled the old drive to replace it rather than formatting so i didn't fuck myself.the key on the sticker under the battery isn't a real key and won't activate a generic win7 install or even let you download an ISO from technet.if you don't have the OEM install media and you very likely don't, because x220 has no dvd drive, you need to use a tool like magic jelly bean that extracts the license key from the registry of your running copy of windows.you also need to grab your .xrm-ms activation token thingie with activation backup restore and shove it into /sources/$OEM$/$$/System32/OEM/ of the windows install usb stickthen fire up notepad and pastecscript %windir%\system32\slmgr.vbs -ilc %windir%\SYSTEM32\OEM\lenovo.xrm-mscscript %windir%\system32\slmgr.vbs -ipk 237XB-GDJ7B-MV8MH-98QJM-24367into a text file and save it as /sources/$OEM$/$$/Setup/Scripts/setupcomplete.cmdput the name of your own .xrm-ms file and windows keyand then windows will be automagically activated during install.
Jesus. Thank you for this.I downloaded an iso of windows 7 and was putting it on my usb stick as I read this.That's fucking dumb.
Which 11e model?M-5Y10cN2940A4-6210
Works On My Machine™
Does it actually or are you just memeing?
The key under the battery worked for me, yeah.
Bought this W510 a few months ago for like $150. It came with no hard drive, so I bought one for it. Turns out the battery for it is utter shit and will drain in an hour after taken off the charger.What kind of battery should I get? I'm not too familiar with laptops.Also the charger is underpowered as I get the warning when I boot up, so I'll have to invest in that at some point.
should i get this  420s for $250 cad.I'm thinking so
It's a W510, you shouldn't expect much. You should check the current max capacity of your battery before you invest in another. Use the lenovo battery tools or something relevant for your OS to check the capacity.
Yeah I thought the same thing but after a few day's I didn't care about the size. You many be different but for me it is small but not too small if that makes any sense. But enjoy the shit out of that keyboard. Best keyboard I have ever used on a laptop.
Only in winblows.
Fuck tobacco means smoker user so that shit is in there dead. Return if possible or enjoy your emphysemapad.
EBay, or aliexpress has some parts on there. Dunno if that shit is oem, I wouldn't trust the batteries.

Reformatting would be the best option.
Not bad, i7 kinda validates the price but 8 gb of ram and the small ssd makes you a WinRar.
Hey guys, been using my x220T for years i5 version.Whenever I play anything, even shit like hotline miami, it gets up to 200F+, anyway to prevent that?Hell sometimes you can smell it heat up.
Turn off Turbo Boost in the power manager.
Bought my T40 from Arrowdirect for writing, $40 in perfect condition, but I did have to replace the internal battery.He might be describing a ribbon cable problem with the monitor. If you can fix that, slap crunchbang on that slut.
Just install a 64bit OS yourself Yoeslf.
Order in the court!
Yes.
This fag it talking about one of these.m.expansys.com/mp.aspx?i=279631
Hahahaha nigger rigged!
retrothinkpad???find me some PowerBook duo 270c's, then we'll talk

my "friend" stole the power cable from my thinkpad power cable along with some other things and sold it with his laptopwhats the best way to get it and my money back.
Stop befriending niggers/shitskins
he's whiteonly problem is that he seems damaged mentally
one waygood idea
I just got my T420 today at a a fookin steal m8. 1600x900 display It actually looks pretty good, but it seems to humOld 6 cell battery 2.5 hours tops160 GB HDThe edges are worn a bit tho.Only $150 with shipping
Rate my thinkpad, tpg
I'm thinking of selling off my Thinkpad Yoga 14.Now that I've confirmed I can bring my desktop with me, I don't really need a dedicated GPU, and my X220T sorta handles my portable needs save for the shitty screen. Could probably easily get what I paid for it since it is in perfect condition. $650 Could put it towards a new monitorStill might be nice as a portable media center.Thoughts, /g/?
remove those stickers mang
Well there is fingerprint-gui. It should support it cause its on a USB bus
The key under the battery works but you have to call MS if the key does not activate.However newer thinkpads with Win8 don't have the COA but the BIOS still has the SLIC tables so you have to ask the recovery discs from Lenovo or use the method  says.
you missed "cscript %windir%\system32\slmgr.vbs -ato". That command triggers the activationAlso, I wanted to upload the xrm-ms filefrom my T430 but i don't want to use MEGA or Jewgle Drivethey require registration, so, can someone give a good site to upload files?
Ok so I've recently decided that I want to buy a used thinkpad for college. My budget is around $500 so what would be the best model to buy considering their average used price?
If you want portability, X220 or X230Else go for T420/430Make sure they can boot to BIOS without asking password
how is the heating? I heard that it doesn't have switchable graphics so I'm worried about buying one.
is It possible to somehow connect a internal hard drive to my t400 so I can format it? Pls respond
Well, I use a external hdd for things like this.
It's not too bad all things considered. Pic related is mine running Furmark and POV-RAY concurrently. It's recently had a fresh dose of AS5 but the cooler does a good job of keeping things under control without sounding like a jet fighter at takeoff unlike my mate's XPS 17...Got a 920XM on the way so it'll be interesting to compare 55w TDP vs 45
I haven't really run into any problems. IRC, web browsing, a media player, and sometimes a VM running usually.I tried playing some games just to see, but they run like ass for me. Apparently other people have reported better luck with it, so I dunno if it's just me. Not a huge deal anyway.
You could upgrade it yourself, the IPS screen is only $60 on ebay.
thanks for the help
Between these processors, which is the best for the money?Intel Core M-5Y10c or Intel Celeron N2940 or AMD A4-6210
whoa kidthis is /tpg/
Those are the processors in the budget ThinkPad
those aren't thinkpads
i5-2520
My x201 has been getting pretty hot lately, so I decided to take it apart.Does this thermal paste look normal to you guys?

not thinkpads
Looks to me like you might've used an excess of thermal paste, all those big blobs. I use a thin coat and things run cool enough for me.
Rename it to dot Jay peg and upload it hetr
Guys what are your thoughts on the ThinkPad Yoga 14"?The appeal for me it the fact that it works with a Wacom active stylus similar to a Cintiq, plus it has dedicated graphics.Are there any deal-breaking flaws with it?
see 
So I have what's probably a stupid question, If I get a thinkpad and put an ssd in it will there be something like Samsung magician for linux? how will I stop the ssd slowing down?
The kernel takes care of TRIM
, 
, 
I know nobody here takes MaxPC seriously, but they actually posted an interesting article about FOSS adoption.
Hey /g/, for the last few days whenever I try to download something on Steam it starts to rev up my speed then my whole connection dies off I'm on a wireless connection. I've tried turning it off and back on again multiple times to no avail.Pic related, I even tried capping my download speed to something low.
Leave and dont ask again
Its your HDD mate. You're downloading faster then your Hard drive can write the data, so it takes a break for just a second.
Dear Windows useryou will often find that windows is shitreally shitshitter than the shittestmay I suggest you install linux
Install apple
In your asssss
select a server in a neighbouring country in the steam settings

Why is this CPU so meme?
Don't know, using a 5930K.
Its not meme, its just the best i7 without going up to the extremes where you pay another £100 for no extra return on the CPU, another £100 for the mobo and require DDR4.the 4790k is the best option for those who want something powerful without going to the absolute top.
So sucker throw all their money at Intel before they realize they could of gotten a pentium k for $50 and overclocked it for the same performance.
buying deprecated hardwareYou're aware that AMD shills say the same about Intel processors, right ?no need for pcie 3muh price premium
that is not 2500k
How are the alternative 4790 options?Is the 4790s or 4790t good for gaming? I never hear anything about them, but I need a lower wattage 4790 for a build I'm making. How are they?
Are you ONLY gaming? If so, you don't need a 4790. the 4670 would do you fine.If you are doing stuff that requires multi-threading and the like, I'd imagine the other versions are still much, much more than plenty.Uuuh, what? What part of my hardware is 'deprecated'?
5820k cost the same as 4790kskylake is here, meaning DD4 prices will fallyou can get 8GB for €85motherboard prices are the samewell meme'd
I've been eyeing the 4790k and noticed that for the past month or so, prices have been going up on it at about $10 every 10 days. Not sure if this is cause of high demand, or cause skylake comes out in about a month.
Well meme'd friend :^ we can totally ALL live in America, right next to Microcentre, right?
skylakecomparing the 4790 to a gimped piece of shitWhat are you going to do next? Argue about how your GTX970 is better than AMD cards?
Need I go further?
Gimped piece of shit.howd you come to that conclusion, yeah a 5820k is scaled down from a 5930k, but it still has nearly 2x the PCIe lanes as a 4790k, has 50% more cores on a similar architecture, while having a unlocked multiplier to adjust to a high core-clock.Whats it like living in poverty
I wouldn't know. What's it like living with no free healthcare?
GTX970 is better than AMD cards?But it is. Are you poor?
Worst store ever
come at me faggot.
No thanks I'll just pee on the side of your car
Its still cheaper to buy it than pay for VAT and other shit taxesI'm gonna put Those annoying AMD badges all over the side of you car, because you are too poor to afford Intel.
nah breh ATI for lyfe
You say that, but what happens when you've spent your money on stuff you enjoy, like your intel rig with every bell and whistle - then have a heart attack that requires immediate surgery?What happens when you don't just have $20,000 or more laying around?
Radeon is gaymen.My medical insurance along with savings a responsible adult should have.
government gives it to meTherefore it free
Living in a country where you have to pay 20k foMuh freedoms
*for surgery
paying taxes to insure yourself along with impoverished people.getting this cucked
Indeed
Implying that I pay more than €110/month for insurance or anythingActually defending that you have to pay 20k for surgeryHow deluted are you?
In an attempt to be 'sexy', Nvidia has two whores stand around in their T-shirts so their lonely customerbase can feel like they get female attention over their hardwareMeanwhile, AMD makes no such plays because they know their customerbase are more grown up and mature, people who go for cost effective items because they have a family or other important responsibilities to attend to first
This
at least I know how much im paying for my insurance.Does the gov tell you how much of your taxes they're using to give Ahmed a new liver?
What happens when you're old, past retirement?What happens when you have a pre-existing condition?What happens if you lose your job and can no longer pay your healthcare?
this shillingand you do it for free
I'd much rather 'shill' for free than be paid to stand around like those whores.I promote products that I like and companies that have been good to me. So what?
I live in France with inflated euro-prices :^
what is social securitywhat are savingsi'm sorry that your so dependent on your government for trivial things.

What are savingsHaving to put aside money that you might've needed for other stuff purely for the fear of you might one day be ill/injured, not able to enjoy life or what you haveImplying your savings can never run outFace it, having everyone look after one another is the optimum solution.The issue with it is how loosely regulated it is, in that rather than making people pay into the system for 5 years before it becomes accessible to them, the UK just lets anyone use it.
jesus didnt know i would trigger so many people
only people to benefit from that system are poorfags who cant afford it now. Which in the US is a huge percent. Only place to get the money for that is taxing the percent who can.
Wanting to continue the culture of poverty in AmericaYou do realise that's why some places are so violent, right?
so we agree that taxing them for health insurance wouldn't make sense as they're already financially burdened
That Sabertooth is an overpriced mobo and you know it, nigga.this, still has 8 DIMM slots and 4-way SLI, and all that dumshit. Pic related, that is actually what a decent X99 configuration looks like. Comes up to 502 british pounds. Add a 20 for a 212 EVO and you have a 6-core cpu for a 100 over your 4790k, not 200.
I picked it out because it had the same features as the comparison mobo. Picking anything with different features ruins the comparison.
What a sad time. Oh how we memed with the 2500k, at half the price of what you pay for an equivalent today. Worse yet, it really is an equivalent, performance wise.Seems like I'll be memeing the 2500k for as long as it will live and may it be a long life. Because it really is enough unless you absolutely need more cores or hyperthreading.
Is the i5 4590 worth it over the i5 4460?Not k versions
Fair enough, most gaymers don't even need 6 cores or hyperthreading.
It's all about the price if the 4590 is $20 more, sure. Otherwise, nope.
Thanks, what about the k versions? I have no idea how to overclock and I'm trying to further proof the build
I wouldn't worry about "future proofing", by the time your CPU is showing signs of being too slow, it'll be time for a new one anyway.
k series unlocks the cores for overclockingif your not overclocking theres zero reason to buy a k series
If you want to overclock you will absolutely need a Z97 motherboard and an aftermarket CPU cooler, which makes the build more expensive. 4460 = $180 + H97 mobo = $70 = $2504690k = $220, Z97 mobo = $90, aftermarket cooler = $30  = $340That's a $90 dollar difference between the two.Check some benchmarks online of a 4460 vs overclocked 4690k, because I'm not sure about how much of a performance boost there is.
kek, m8, you are right, amd sucks, even only because nvidia made lots of proprietary plugins for rendering.   Fuck off Amd moron, tell me 3 things better in amd except the price or shut up
Most people don't need 6-8 cores.If you do, you're probably trying to avoid having to spend money on an actual server with Xeons.OCing Haswell-E isn't easy either, the die is much larger and you really do need water for them, and even then you hit a wall pretty quick.
nvidia made lots of proprietary plugins for renderingAgain, what's stopping AMD from doing the same?
I'm in europe... Free medical care!!!!!!!!!! I can happily waste my money in things I like
GTX970 is better than AMD cards?Enjoy your stuttering card.
About to drop $300 on a Z77 board and a 2600. My Q6600 finally died on me. RIP old friend. You almost made it to 10 years of service.
Why would you spend so much on something so old? If you're insistent on getting old hardware, X58 and Xeon X5650 is the way to go.
Anon has a point
Isn't Sandy Bridge the holy grail?
ThisGet an x5660 though for higher overclocks. Can probably hit at least 3.8-4 with a 60.Make sure you run triple channel mem for the best overclocks.
There is literally nothing wrong with using socket 775
It's ultra ancient and loses out clock per clock to the newer tech.
If you're going to spend $300 why don't you just get a new i5 and a cheap motherboard?
it was when it came outat this point, you should buy the 4690k/4790k
you should buy what ever you want to waste your money on
It died. I wouldn't replace it if it didn't. Was in the midst of vidya, tried to reboot, then it never started up again.
Sandy Bridge is still good, but that doesn't mean you should upgrade to it in 2015. The big advantage that Sandy Bridge had over Gulftown when they were both new was price. Dropping $800+ on an i7 970, 980x, or 990x didn't make sense when most things didn't support 6 cores and you could get equivalent performance from an i7 2600k. Now, the tables have turned and X5650s are dirt cheap and they'll outperform 2600Ks in DX12. An X5650 is the most logical upgrade for anyone still using an X58 mobo. If you don't have one though, I really think it makes more sense to get Haswell, or even better: wait a month for Skylake.
its probably not even the cpu then
Actually my friend wants to dump his i5 750 rig, what's the best bang for buck CPU that can go inside a P55 board? A Xeon too I guess?
You should be able to boot in to BIOS without a CPU. Have you tried?
Sandy is amazing, probably best thing you could of bought at the time, if you buy Sandy now, you are negating all the benefits it had on people who got it on release.There are much better CPUs to get this days
Thanks for the explanation. CPU or mobo, the keyboard numlock lights up and the fan spins but no display. I'm also running a stock HD5850 and that thing is cool as shit so I doubt it's that.Ram would be a bitch to test seeing how I have 4 of them.
Anyone?
given that keyboard lights work via bios interrupts dependent on the CPU, it's probably dead capacitors on your motherboard that fail every.... 10 years much like the amount of time you've been using itbut then you'd have to fuck around with another motherboard
Getting a new board would be fucking not worth it.
This. I just upgraded from my i7-920 on X58 platform yesterday to an i7-4770k on Z87, and got a whopping 23% improvement in physics benchmarks, even giving both similar attempts at overclocking.i7-920 pay attention to physics benchmark:7 years of difference and practically no improvement. If I had spent just $80 on the Xeon X5660 instead of $350 on the i7-4770k and Z87 motherboard, I would have gotten better multi-threaded performance at the cost of a small loss of single-threaded performance.
You're comparing an enthusiast platform to a mainstream platform.
Is Asus Rampage 3 good? I can get it for 250.
holy shit you're retarded
No you  can't
Yeah if you modify and upload the microcodes for the Xeon.
The i7-2600 is still a good CPU but I don't think I would spend $300 on one, even if it came with a motherboard.
The only holy grail is the 2500k for 100 or 130 bucks and the 2600k for 200 or 250. More than that and you are making a mistake.
He was comparing prices to performance actually.
Most h55/p55 boards support xeons, just make sure to get the latest bios before you upgrade.I dont know how prices are on ebay right now, but the x3470 usually oc to 4ghz on a good air cooler, maybe more on water.
Except you haven't even looked at power consumption
Is there a software manager ou there?Something with the UI of Revo Uninstaller, but will only serve to open software you have deep down your computer and don't wanna browse to?
pacman
Are shortcuts not good enough?
no, I want to keep my desktop clean, not full of softwaresI mean, how many softwares do we use nowadays?
OS  and Linux have several. I'm not aware of any for Windows
Use the application launcher/start menu or pin shit to your task bar
Launch via run
press windows keytype 1 or 2 letters of the software you wanna openhit enteryou're welcome
pin to taskbar pin to startbar after changing the option to remember no recents create shortcuts and put them in the same dirdesktopexplorer.exe favoritestype into win startbar
Everything
Use Steam as an application launcher
The start menu you dimwitIt only serves to open software you have deep down your C:\Program Files\whatever and don't wanna browse for
/thread
I'm still on winxp doe
Doesn't ccleaner do a better job then Revo uninstaller?I never actually used Revo thought
So here I have a clip that is straight from the camera:same clip at around 11:03is there such a disparity between the quality?Pic Related is my render settings, I've looked it up and supposedly this is optimal settings.Is it relevant my camera records in 1440x1080 rather than 1920x1080? Could that be a reason why?Thanks for the help in advance.
That was just an example, but all of the source clips look more clear than the final product, what's a way to fix this?
Bump
Bumpp
Take this to Doom9 or the Sony Vegas forums.  Youtube transcodes so looking at it says nothing about the original.If you have the edited video and you just want to encode it, try Handbrake.  Constant Quality = 18x264 Preset = Slow
Thanks.
That's cool
Anything more active?
bump
recorded in 1440x1080 rendered in 1920x1080why does my picture look poor when I'm rendering at 150% of the source widthYeah it's your resolution that's the problem.Match your resolutions first, then come back and report on the quality and go from there.
So I should render in 1440x1080 then?
Thanks.I suppose I'll have to save up for a new camera then!
Curious what camera records in such an unusual resolution?
Sony Handycam HD AVCHD Exmor R.I have no idea how old this thing is.
You can't change the capture to 720p?
Isn't 1440x1080 better than 720p?
not encoding with x264top pleb.
it's anamorphic.
it's better.
when you reencode from a lossy format to another lossy format you will lose detail.for maximum jewtube quality, just splice your video without reencoding and upload.
Without reencoding? How?
So 720 is better?
Ffmpeg
/thread
not encoding with h265 aka HEVCGet with the times grandpa.
buy AMDthis is what I getThis is the last time I listen to you fucking faggots.Jesus fucking christ, no wonder they sell them for $200 less than Nvidia.
Fuck, you're stupid.
AMD has new feature where you can read pages in a Star Wars credits formatI fail to see the problem.
PC opens portal to 4th dimensionComplainTypical fucking intel fags
actually listening to /g/You seem to misunderstand something.This is a board for SHITPOSTING about tech.Not posting information about tech.Note the general lack of citations or sound reasoning.

XD
Is this a new meme? I like this meme.
tfw amd cards make this shit
abpfag
reminder that AMD still doesn't properly support glBindAttribLocation nearly a decade later.
Looking for something bigger than you usually get?
We at the Nvidia camp tried to tell you about the drivers but you didn't listen.
buy nVidiathis is what I getThis is the last time I listen to you fucking faggots.Jesus fucking christ, no wonder they sell them for $200 more than AMD.

underrated
who is that creepy dude on the left?
1/10
but it's a feature.
nice shitpost.
No, this board really is useless for tech advice.It's just a place to shitpost opinions.
seriously who is he?
meximoot
A NEW WAY TO BROWSE THE INTERNET HOLY SHIT
so this is what organization 13 HQ looks like
I don't think anyone has ever encountered that issue before
I've been thinking about what a good structure for virtual 4chan browsing would be, but I have no idea.Someone ought to port 4chan to janusVR.
Install Gentoo. You might learn something and stop being so fucking dumb
, 
If I have Utorrent on my desktop and it is not open nor downloading anything, will my physical location be given away if I use TOR? Can someone please answer this for me? Thanks.
please read the tor manual to get a basic understanding of what tor does
uTorrent has no relation to TOR, unless you're torrenting over TOR, which I highly recommend for privacy reasons.
And what it IS.It has nothing to do with torrents.
unless you're torrenting over TOR, which I highly recommend for privacy reasons.Do not listen to this advice.NEVER torrent using tor.Especially using fucking uTorrent. The tor blog specifically states that all major torrent clients WILL leak your identity.Listening to a retard like that can get you killed.
torrentingTORNever, ever ever.
Yes, I know not to torrent on tor but if I just have utorrent on my desktop, but it is not active, will that give my location away? Should I delete utorrent if I want to use tor? Again, I know that I must never torrent on tor.
I won't torrent on tor, I know that moron was tryna troll me.
Thinking Tor isn't poisoned to shit
It's fucking uTorrent. It already sent all your information and is mining buttcoins.
Any of you fags with some real creepy deep web stories to share?
Depends if you set the tor connection as the default one or not. Only your browser should use tor and not torrent clients / system updates.
but if I just have utorrent on my desktop, but it is not active, will that give my location awayYou really need to learn how computers work, holy shit.Should I delete utorrent if I want to use torYou don't need to.If your uTorrent isn't using the tor proxyYou have to put it in manually, then you're fine.
Do you not understand how computers work?If a program isn't running it doesn't exist.
You REALLY should not be using tor when your level of computer competence is this low.Seriously, for your own good, don't play with fire.
I am not a computer person, so that's why I'm asking, not every person knows this stuff, even if you think it's the simplest thing in the world.
what do you need to use tor for then?can you not just use a vpn or proxy instead?
All I was going to do is use it to browse, I wouldn't do anything that's onviously stupid. At least I'm asking, many people wouldn't think to ask. I'm overly cautious.
not op but what if i use a proxy all the time the torrent goes thru? does the proxy do anything then?
utorrent won't try to use Tor unless you tell it to.So long as utorrent isn't using Tor, you're fine.
Your torrent client and web browser don't communicate with each other and you don't send info about all your connections to every server.But if you browsed the same site with a regular browser and Tor browser at the same time, theoretically you could be found out.Since you don't use the same protocols and don't connect to the same servers with uTorrent and Tor browser, you're fine. But do yourself a favor and ditch uTorrent anyway, it's cancer.Just use Tor browser then and browse like you are another person. Don't log into your usual accounts, don't share your info etc.For example don't log into your Facebook account to send messages like: "Hey mom, I'm using Tor!"
When Facebook buys 4chan where will /g/ move to?
cripplechan
literally reddit thr sequelYeah, go there.
full~chanError: Our system thinks your post is spam. Please reformat and try again.
implying 4chan is worth anything
I'm sure a tech forum will have a tough time finding a home on the internet
Previous thread at "We sat down one morning," recalls Steele. "I was at the keyboard, and he was at my elbow," says Steele. "He was perfectly willing to let me type, but he was also telling me what to type.The programming session lasted 10 hours. Throughout that entire time, Steele says, neither he nor Stallman took a break or made any small talk. By the end of the session, they had managed to hack the pretty print source code to just under 100 lines. "My fingers were on the keyboard the whole time," Steele recalls, "but it felt like both of our ideas were flowing onto the screen. He told me what to type, and I typed it."The length of the session revealed itself when Steele finally left the AI Lab. Standing outside the building at 545 Tech Square, he was surprised to find himself surrounded by nighttime darkness. As a programmer, Steele was used to marathon coding sessions. Still, something about this session was different. Working with Stallman had forced Steele to block out all external stimuli and focus his entire mental energies on the task at hand. Looking back, Steele says he found the Stallman mind-meld both exhilarating and scary at the same time. "My first thought afterward was: it was a great experience, very intense, and that I never wanted to do it again in my life."What are you working on, /g/?
Thank you for using an anime image
Yesterday I made a Chrome extension that displays the title of embedded YouTube videos for another chan. I feel accomplished.
So, did they fuck?
I'm not really programming, but I'm trying to come up with some documentation for a C# library I just wrote.  I don't really like Sandcastle or doxygen, does anybody have any recommendations for something that generates modern responsive html?
javadoc
I'm trying to deobfuscate some c# code with Idapython but can't figure out how to get all these switch offsets in a list. I know I can use GetOpnd..., 1 to get a string with operands and then split it and then use LocByName but I think there should another solution.
if animeImage etc, etc...
Reading through the 39 page "2015-2016 Housing Agreement and Residence Life Handbook.pdf"Highlights:I will not prop open any door for any reason.I will not sleep in the common area "living room" basically, the units have 2 bedrooms w/ 2 people ea.I will not burn anything in the fireplacesIndividual guest visitation may not exceed three days in a ten day period
im in backpropagation hell
I will not burn anything in the fireplaces
Good luck anonTrain me a neural net to recognize anime when you come out the other side
You know shithead college kids will NEVER clean that shit out.

Learning basics of data structures. Math is hard
friendly reminder that richard m stallman PhD is a convicted child molester.
Please don't use that fat, autistic, communist slob as an OP image ever again. Most of /dpt/ respects developer's rights to do whatever the fuck they want with their code.
Did you mean:Math is fun
If you think math is "fun" then your knowledge of math is limited to some high school level shit, or alternatively you are a serious math junkie. High-level math is beyond a normal person's comprehension.Source: I'm right.

It's bad for the environment
Learning basics of data structuresnot enjoying a challenge
Math can be cool at some points in finding out little tricks and tips. But I much prefer chemistry  pure math. I'm just learning data structures since it seems like a crucial part to programming
There were a couple brief mentions of programming games in the last thread. Have you guys seen this?
tfw I met stallman and got him to sign my gdb manualMY LIFE IS COMPLETE
Why are you not part of the functional master? Are you enjoying your bloated OOP code?
the bookkeeping of languages like haskell has a way larger overhead than oop
functional is for academia and has no practical usesOOP is a bloated jokePROCEDURAL MASTER RACE
functional is for academiaWhen did banks, among others, become academia?
functional is for academiasince when did banks, among others, become academia?
The fuck man?
banks also still use cobolkeep that in mind
Your argument being...?
How could we respect him if he wasn't?
Plebs. Logic Programming is the future.Why aren't you coding in Prolog RIGHT NOW /dpt/?
Probably that "banks do it" isn't a good excuse to use something.
That does not really address my point that banks are not academia, does it.
Because I am coding in Idris!DEPENDENT TYPE MASTER RACE UNITE!
awtism
Just got a verbal green-light for an Intelligence Center concept I had.Going to have 4 fuck-huge monitors with keyboard/mouse on a pedestal in front.Each monitor will have metrics for clients, service, machine alerts, etc.There will be a filter function that filters all the data on the dashboards by client.No more data pulls; everyone can walk up and get whatever information they need.Everything is interactive.  Click that section of the pie chart and get information from every ticket that comprises that number.
Am I doing unit tests right?#include boost/test/unit_test.hpp#include "StringConversions.hpp"using namespace std::string_literals;BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITEString_Conversions    BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITEUtf16ToUtf8_Conversion        BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASEAsciiString {            BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALStringConversions::Utf16ToUtf8u"Test", u8"Test";        }        BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASEBmpString {            BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALStringConversions::Utf16ToUtf8u"你好", u8"你好";        }        BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASENonBmpString {            BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALStringConversions::Utf16ToUtf8u"", u8"";        }        BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASEWindowsCodePage {            BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALStringConversions::Utf16ToUtf8u"¥", u8"¥";        }        BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASEEmbeddedNull {            BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALStringConversions::Utf16ToUtf8u"Ȁ", u8"Ȁ";        }    BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITE_END    BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITEUtf16ToUtf8_Overloads        BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASEWideChar {            BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALStringConversions::Utf16ToUtf8L"Ȁ", u8"Ȁ";        }        BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASEWideString {            BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALStringConversions::Utf16ToUtf8L"Ȁ"s, u8"Ȁ";        }    BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITE_END    BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASECommandLine {        wchar_t *commandlineToTest[]{ L"Test", L"-", L"--你好=Ȁ", nullptr };        std::vectorstd::string expected{ u8"Test", u8"-", u8"--你好=Ȁ" };        auto result = StringConversions::ArgvWToUtf8commandlineToTest;        BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUAL_COLLECTIONSresult.begin, result.end, expected.begin, expected.end;    }BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITE_END
Kek, 4chan can not into non-BMP characters...
have you considered using fortan?
me sides
My rouguelike library is starting to form! ... It just causes heap corruption is all... Anyone know how to debug heap corruptions?
valgrind.
BOOST_REQUIRE_EQUALThis entire thing seems like a really over-the-top way to test functions with a bunch of asserts. Why, c++?
Why does both Scala and Clojure need the JVM man.... So bloaty to access heaven!!!!
on windows?My non-windows based version runs fine.
Visual studioMake sure _NO_DEBUG_HEAP is not defined it is by default on modern VS
clang.exe -fsanitize=address -fsanitize=memory
Thanks I didn't know about _NO_DEBUG_HEAP
or actually nevermind, sanitizers doesn't seem to have been ported to windows yet.
OOP and functional are mutually exclusive
why do meme languages based on java need the java virtual machine?
fuck the environment
I have no idea what's going on.I know there are two functions that might be causing this; if anyone would like to help me, I can put the repo up.
agreed. that gif though
You will never mind meld with Stallman and go into a coding session that transcends space and timejdimsa
It is usually writing out of bounds of an array or double free. most likely out of bounds.   Check for those things.They are quite hard the detect, usually it causes problems on unrelated parts.
THAT GIF THO!!!
wut?unless you're burning plastic or some toxic shit it has literally a net-zero effect on the environment.
uint8 RYFTTS_console_getcRYFTTS_console_t con{#if RYFTTS_PLATFORM == RYFTTS_WIN    DWORD err = 0;    INPUT_RECORD* buf = mallocsizeofTCHAR;    ReadConsoleInputcon-hstdin, buf, 1, &err;    return buf-Event.KeyEvent.uChar.AsciiChar;#else    return wgetchcon-win;#endif}void RYFTTS_console_endRYFTTS_console_t con{#if RYFTTS_PLATFORM == RYFTTS_WIN    SetConsoleTextAttributecon-hstdout, con-orig.wAttributes;    con-w = 0;    con-h = 0;    con-x = 0;    con-y = 0;    con-has_color = false;    CloseHandlecon-hstdin;    CloseHandlecon-hstdout;    freecon;#else    refresh;    endwin;#endif}Does any of this look wrong? I noticed the getc func returns on keypress and keyrelease.
    INPUT_RECORD* buf = mallocsizeofTCHAR;Is that correct? You are allocated a memory with size of TCHAR and assign that to INPUT_RECORD pointer. Are they same size or what?On a side node, do you release that buf?
How difficult is it to program an OS including the kernel from scratch?
fuck me sideways and call me sally. That might be it.
INPUT_RECORD* buf = mallocsizeofTCHAR;mallocsizeofINOUT_RECORDor better can't get the type wrong:mallocsizeof *buf
Do you know C?
Many people are working linux OS for quite a while and they are still shit. yeah it is hard
An OS up and running nicely on modern hardware? A LOT of work.ACPI is a horrible clusterfuck of a 'standard'.
It turned out I was double freeing like  suggested.I'm not sure how though.
You also had a memory leak since you never called freeBut if you just need to read 1 input record, why bother with malloc at all?INPUT_RECORD ir;ReadConsoleInputcon-hstdin, &ir, 1, &err;less error prone and more efficient, prefer static/automatic variables whenever you can.
Or better yet, NOT MALLOCING AT ALLINPUT_RECORD rec;DWORD err = 0;ReadConsoleInputcon-hstdin, &buf, 1, &err;return rec.Event.KeyEvent.uChar.AsciiChar;
Not related to your problem, but code like:#if PLATFORM_FOOcode#elsecodeis a recipe for maintenance nightmare and clusterfuck code as the code evolves to do more or gets ported to more platforms.Consider an approach where you let the build system select an implementation, and then have each platform code in a separate file:// api.h// public interfacestruct api_ctx;int api_foostruct api_ctx *;// api_win32.cstruct api_ctx {    // win32 specific stuff    LPWINDOWSINTEGER x;};int api_foostruct api_ctx *ctx{    return ctx-x + 5;}// api_linux.c// api_osx.c// etcthen when you build your win32 version you compilemain.c api_win32.ca linux version would compile api_linux.c and so on.
I've been just going off of libtcod's practices. Thanks for the tip!Yeah I changed it to no malloc.
Maybe it's a gas-operated fireplace. Burning wood or whatever in that fireplace is bad for those because they usually come with these fake wood piles made of steel so it looks like wood is burning when you're using natural gas. It's a nightmare to properly clean.
come out on the other sidemore like come out, go back in and adjust my weights
What's cheaper, Text.pack/Text.unpack or Text.decodeUtf8/Text.encodeUtf8?I need to interface with the unix package, which gives me both ByteString and String interfaces while in my program I use Text all over the place.

I the person moving in am pretty sure they're wood fireplaces
I'm dumbI want to filter a list based on the condition that there exist many related elements inside the listfilter length filter elem related-list  cutoff list
QUESTION:Is it more worthy to learn app development for iOS or android?what would you choose?
Android has a much lower cost to publish one-time, low, flat-fee.Apple makes you pay yearly just to have access to dev tools.
Use your languages equivalent of a set.cutoff = 2listOfLists = [[1, 2, 3], "foobar", "aaaab", [9, 8], [1, 1]]print[sublist for sublist in listOfLists if lensublist = lensetsublist + cutoff - 1]
p3 :: Eq a = [a] - [[[[a]]]] - BoolFuck programming
Hey /dpt/ can anyone point me in the right direction for the structure and organization/hiearchy of classes for 'simple' games? I'm struggling with laying everything out before I begin coding, thanks
Please rate my sorting program in Scheme:; Usage: sort-numbers your-listdefine insert elem lst  cond    empty? lst cons elem empty     elem first lst cons elem lst    else cons first lst insert elem rest lstdefine sort-helper before after  cond    empty? before after    else sort-helper rest before insert first before afterdefine sort-numbers lst  sort-helper lst emptyHow should I go about improving this?
Individual guest visitation may not exceed three days in a ten day periodwhat, that sounds kinda shitty
Sounds like it's begging to be abused
I'm trying to make a simple "if" statement that checks to see if the userInput is an acceptable input for my game of "Rock, Paper, Scissors". Any idea what I'm doing wrong? Regardless of what the input is, it also processes as true.ifuserChoice != "rock"||"paper"||"scissors" {        document.write"That's not a valid choice";}
Need suggestions for can I do to make Google better?
It only compares one thing at a time, need multiple assignments between ors
userChoice != "rock" || userChoice != "paper" || userChoice != || "scissors"
Use &&, not ||
Userchoice != rock or userchoice != paper or used hoice != scissor
so, if the user enters "rock", the script will print "That's not a valid choice" even though its only suppose to print that if userChoice "!=". If you guys wanna look at the whole code, let me know.
I wanna look at the whole codr and I totally won't judge your methodology ;
if userChoice not in "rock", "paper", "scissors":    print"python master race"
Bump, anyone?
the best solution would be: if choice == "rock"{}else choice == "paper"{} else choice == "scissors"{} else {print "invalid choice"}
Here is the full code, but I haven't implemented that "if" statement yet because I can't get it work. Any idea how I could implement it correctly?var userChoice = prompt"Do you choose rock, paper or scissors?";var computerChoice = Math.random;if computerChoice  0.34 {    computerChoice = "rock";} else ifcomputerChoice = 0.67 {    computerChoice = "paper";} else {    computerChoice = "scissors";} document.write"User: " + userChoice;document.write"br"document.write"Computer: " + computerChoice;document.write"br"var compare = functionchoice1, choice2{    ifchoice1 === choice2 {        document.write"The result is a tie!";    }        else ifchoice1 === "rock" {                ifchoice2 === "scissors" {            document.write"rock wins";        }        else {            document.write"paper wins";        }    }    else ifchoice1 === "paper" {                ifchoice2 === "rock" {            document.write"paper wins";        }        else {             document.write"scissors wins";        }    }    else ifchoice1 === "scissors" {                ifchoice2 === "paper" {            document.write"scissors wins";        }        else {            document.write"rock wins";        }    }}compareuserChoice, computerChoice
That's not how conditional are usedIt doesn't work this way:ifx == 1 || 2 || 3It works this way:ifx == 1 || x == 2 || x == 3In your situation, you wantifx != 1 && x != 2 && x != 3Because if you use || OR instead of && AND, it's always going to be trueassuming x = 2x != 1 || x != 2 || x != 3= true || false || true= true
ignore the HTML, i left the majority of it out...

pls respond
I-can't-read-lisp/10
pleb.
s-sorry
unironically using SchemeRacket I could understand. But RnRS Scheme?hahaha
Instead of the if for the random fraction multiply the result by 4 and floor, which will return 0-3 with nearly equal distribution. Then you can do a switch or a table lookup.
Also, instead of the nested if structure that compares what they drew make the opponents play "win, loss, tie" and you can reduce the if statement.
If you're a beginner don't worry about structure or the 'perfect design' just write code that does what it needs to do.Finishing the program or the game is much more important, once you've written a few you will inevitably pick up on sensible design choices just by experience and the fact of having written potentially bad code you yourself had to maintain.I've seen way too many dudes fidgeting about in game engines trying out 'design patterns' or trying to create the 'cleanest api' but never getting anywhere because they have zero actual experience in what's needed for a game system.It will also be immensely more satisfying having a couple completed games under your belt, even if the code was terrible.
Please use an anime image next time.
improving thisNot using an On^2 algorithm. Either convert it to a vector, use an On log n sort of your choice, and then convert back, or do this:helper functions can be defined in the namespace of the original function, rather than polluting the global namespace.
Animu regex anon from the last thread here, I've almost realised my goal of parsing these torrent entries into useful info like subgroup, show name, episode number, but I have run across one problem entry:[FelineYogi] Galaxy Express 999 - 037 [DVD] [544684A8].mkv 632.1 MiB 5 0 524 0How can I make a regex that understands that the "999" is part of the title and not the episode number? So it splits it up into "Galaxy Express 999" and "episode 37".There's no guarantee that the episode number will be separated from the title by a "-", and there might also be "-" characters in the title itself.The way I currently do it is just match at least 2 and at most 3 numbers in a row and assume that it's the episode number.
helper functions can be defined in the namespace of the original functionHow is this done?Do you do something likebegin  define helper x y ...  helper 1 2
function determineWinnerchoice1, choice2 {  if choice1 === choice2 return 0; // tie  const winOrder = ["rock", "paper", "scissors", "rock"];  const idx = winOrder.indexOfchoice1, 1;  if winOrder[idx-1] === choice2 return 1; // 1 wins  else return 2; // 2 wins}
Basicallydefine foo bar  define foo-helper baz quz ...  foo-helper bar '
Use the number after the last hyphen. If there's no number after the last one some faggots like to include the episode title or other garbage in the file name, go back to the next hyphen until there is.You should give up on the notion to be able to parse all file names, some subgroups are just too retarded to follow naming conventions and someone will just find another creative way to name their release so it does not fall under any of your 100 models you already added.
I tried that, and it works, but I don't understand why.I always thought that when you define a function, the second part of "define" is always an expression.However, in this case, there are two expressions in the second part. The first is "define foo-helper baz quz ..." and the second is "foo-helper bar '"Why does "define" allow two expressions in the second part in this situation?Are there any other situations when you can have two expressions in that area?
The form define a b c is just syntactic sugar for define a lambda b c.Inside of a lambda expression, you are allowed to define local variables and constants, yes? And they will have scope within the context of that function, correct? Well, logically speaking, one of those constants might be another function, since functions are first class. It really just makes logical sense.Also, a lambda expression is allowed to have as many statements as it wants. The last statement is what is returned, and everything else is just executed procedurally. So for example:define say-hello name  display "Hello! "  display name  newline
Thanks for the explanation, I think I understand more now.I haven't got to lambda expressions yet, and I think I will understand it better when I get there.
Use the number after the last hyphenOh shit that's actually quite obvious, thanks.Although it sounds difficult to implement in a regular expression itself.
Well, match [subgroup] Title-@containing%any3shit21 - episode_number.For the title and subgroup you'd use wildcards that match anything inside [] for the subgroup, then a dash and a number.Is that how regex works?
feelio when the dippity dead
It's the curse of the non-anime image
write a small game for androidspend more time on writing the menu/ui than on the gamethe ui is with 1000 lines of code almost as long as the game
◄ = $infixl 0 ◄Fuck the police
When using argparse Python, how can I set optional arguments like --delete/-d to not require a positional argument?  I want to have two different functionalities for "[programme name] --delete" and "[programme name --delete word".
Is there any point to not staying in Insert mode in vim unless you're saving your file or something?
Got a couple of things done today...
This fucking shit. GODDAMN I HATE "PROGRAMMING" ANDROID INTERFACES.I wrote a small little app to help me cheat at charity bingo and the actual logic code is like three functions. The other five hundred lines is nonsense android system calls to render the damned thing.Also the android dev docs are fucking shit. As much as I hate Microsoft at least MSDN is extremely in depth and readable.
 P = 10000n = 12r = .08response = input'How manys years?'t = floatresponseprint'Your interest is', P*1+r/n**n*tMy first ever program
I can't into backpropagation so I'm just gonna do neural networks with genetic algorithms. More fun anyway.
If that's how you're gonna use vim please just switch to emacs and save yourself the pain. Insert mode is not the default for many very good reasons. If you spend all of your time in it, you're not using vim at all. Use emacs or nano.
I'm thinking about making a pokemon battle simulator. Would it be a good idea to call a sfml window from a qt interface? As in, do all the parameter setupteam builder, oponent team statistics, etc  from a qt interface, and then that gets fed to a sfml "game" where the battle occurs. Suggest me stuff guys.
check emMSDN is the shit, I use their C reference all the time.
I second this. It's nice to use Android Annotations or something which gets rid of all the boilerplate crap when you create a new activity/fragment. onCreate, getResourceById, onSaveInstanceState, etc.
Nice I like it.Can you make it more flexible and "softer" though? Let the user input the principal, the interest rate, the interest period, then the years :D
this, it seems pretty good so far
Android Drawer interface in linuxFor what purpose?
hah niceDon't forget to implement the other direction too... it can be very nice to have good ol' fashioned left to right pipeline evaluation instead of Haskell's right-to-left.
One idea that Leslie Lamport brought up on a tangent in one of his talks around the time of his Turing Award was the pain of GUIs. His idea, which he lamented never having a chance to work on, was an interface compiler. Declaratively specify what items are needed in the interface, and let a system compile an interface out of the required elements.
or just write endless createXY functions to bind all low level shit and widgets together. but such a compiler will be difficult because you still have to define a specific design for every element and write all those clusterfuck functions for the event listeners. the best thing you can get is probably some graphic interface builder, but those will fail the moment you have to do something non-standard.
You can actually make money on ios
Is Python a good language to learn as a first-timer? What can I create with Python? Where should I start?
What can I create with Pythonwhat do you want to create
I-I don't know. I'm not looking to make it into a career or anything, just a hobby. I hadn't thought of anything in particular to be honest. Perhaps a better question is what is Python capable of creating?
It's a turing complete programming language. Therefore it's possible of solving any computable problem. Get an imagination, anon.
what is Python capable of creating?Reddit.
What can I create with Python?Anything computable by a Turing machine.
is this in acceptable function to calculate fitness of a neural network in a genetic algorithm?fitness t x = sumElements t - xthe closer the fitness is to 0, the better, pretty much.
why do you nerds always call it a finite state machine? isn't the finite part kind of implied? do you think you're actually impressing anyone with those cool sounding words?
for the final output layer maybe
Sam Fisher encountered an Infinite State Machine in Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory
yeah. t is the target output and x is the actual output. I kind of forgot to mention that.
Working on representation of my language with supercombinators essentially, point-freeThis is similar to how Idris is compiled, but instead of compiling to C like Epic does I want to go straight to LLVM
An attempt at making Linux more palatable on small touch screen devices.
Here you go.P_str = input'What is the principal amount?'P = floatP_strN_str = input'How many times is the interest compounded annually?'N = floatN_strR_str = input'What is the interest rate?'R = floatR_str/100T_str = input'How many years will the principal be invested?'T = floatT_strprint'The total will be', P*1+R / N**T * N
firstrestIt's Racket.
How do I learn to love being a hobbyist coder?Programming just feels like "work" to me, I took a programming job right out of school and work a 9-to-5, and find it fun and challenging, but can't imagine doing it outside of work.  I don't want to be a code monkey wage slave the rest of my life, but I haven't found the drive to learn things on my own or create anything.
just give up
Looks painful. Does it hurt?
can some one tell me or send me a link on an easy way to set up common lisp in ubuntu in, im having troubles with it.
Damn, that looks cool as fuck.
I'm not sure what the hard part is. Could you explain your steps taken so far and the difficulties you've encountered?
mainly just getting it to run in emacs
The programmer only writes the top version; the rest is all done at compile time.
So it doesn't hurt? Good. I don't like getting hurt.
they are
The guy who made the thing that does this:Server server = new Server;Page page = new Page"api";page.get = a,b = "Hello World";server.AddPagepage;while1  Thread.Sleep1;Here.So I'm done, library is up on nuget if anyone wants to start making web services yeah, I know, I don't know what I'm talking about with my descriptions. Right now I'm writing a host for it so that you can make Page classes into class libraries and then dump them into the same directory as the host, kind of like a plugin system ie, dump Page.Forum.dll into the PageHost directory and automagically you have a forum running.I've made it so it automatically adds pages if it detects there's extra files in the directory, problem is it won't add pages that are already added easily, not without resetting the server. IMO that might actually be a good thing so you can't just drop some nasty page that crashes the server into the directory, so I've made it a setting which is, by default, off. That way if you first run the host it only loads what's in the directory during the host startup the host having an instance of the server.
Guys, what is the best way to start learning how to make applications and solve problems with programming? Be it consumer apps, or network related, I want to learn. Over the years, I had multiple bursts of motivation, and started with C++ basics, basic html. Nothing big, and nothing much.I ran Mint for a couple months, and really liked the feel for it, and, eventually, it felt like home. I reinstalled Win 7 recently. Should I go back to Linux? I'm already used to the terminal and typing stuff out. Basically, where do I start, what do I do, how do I do it, and how do I keep myself motivated?
Is it best to learn C then go to C++ or should I just go straight to C++?I already have experience with a bunch of other languages, but nothing quite like c/c++.
Learn C, then don't learn C++.You'll be doing yourself a favour.
Go to university.
Any good resources? Recommended books/sites?
Either try making some projects or 
I'm NEETing, bud. No money for uni. It's this, and art.
That's the goal. But what I asked was, what's the best plan of attack to starting? I'm a beginner, pretty much. What lang do I start with? What tools should I use?
Shoot, installgentoo wiki seems to be down.
Whatever language tickles your fancy.Python is a good choice for people who have 0 experience programming, while Java is good for those who have had some contact with programming languages before because it doesn't hide types and its everything OOP paradigmAs for tools to use, just google "good language IDE"
its everything OOP paradigmThat's one of the worst things about meme-coffee lang though.
Buy books and write a lot of code.I'd also recommend looking through some well-written code and understanding it. Not some hideous design-pattern-ridden monstrosity, mind you, but preferably some good ol' C code, like the Quake 3 source for example.Do NOT start with Java, whatever you do. In fact, even once you're good at programming, don't write in Java unless you have to. It's a terrible language.
Yeah but you have to learn OOP to be an effective , employable developer these days.
So I'm doing Think like a Computer Scientist for Python 3. I started today and I've made my way up to the chapter 3 exercises. But I'm having trouble with exercises 5C & 5D which are based on a 9 integer list called assigned to the variable xs. Write a loop that adds all the numbers from the list into a variable called total. You should set the total variable to have the value 0 before you start adding them up, and print the value in total after the loop has completed.andPrint the product of all the numbers in the list. product means all multiplied togetherI haven't started on 5D, but I can already tell I'll have problems with it because of the problems I'm having with 5C. Here is the code I've writtenxs = [12, 10, 32, 3, 66, 17, 42, 99, 20]total = 0for total in xs:    total = sumxs    print totalWhat this does is it prints the sum, but it prints it 9 times. How can I make it so that when I print "total" it only prints the sum which is 301 once?
Because sum already does the summing, so you basically loop over the array 9 times, and call sum which sums all elements 9 times. then you override the total variable.Either:xs = [12, 10, 32, 3, 66, 17, 42, 99, 20]printsumxsOr:xs = [12, 10, 32, 3, 66, 17, 42, 99, 20]total = 0for value in xs:    total += valueprinttotal
Nevermind, fixed it with:xs = [12, 10, 32, 3, 66, 17, 42, 99, 20]total = 0for f in xs:    total = f + total    printtotalWhich is odd, cause I could have sworn I tried the same thing 10 minutes ago and that it didn't work.
Thanks, anon.
if you found it fun and challenging then why don't you like itsee 
Surely that's still not fixed.  You're printing out the total at each iteration rather than after the loop completes.Or you fucked up your whitespacing when pasting.
I have an issue opening visual studios 2013, I can open it just fine but when I need to sign in to make the license renew itself, right after signing in with the email, it'll have me put personal info.  On that screen I get two script errors and the continue button wont work. I did everything in this info graphics so I guess my question is what services have to be enabled for visual studios to work?
Procedural masterrace here.
why are strings in c so stupid
why are u so stupid?
You should rewrite your entire code base to use jquery
How do I name variables in C#?In particular, how do I name private zip and the parameter zip differentlyprivate int zip;public void SetZipint zip   {      this.zip = zip;   }   MS says use camelCase for all of it
imo c strings are fine. it's libraries that aren't updated to allow either string to be used that are stupid.looking at you CDK
They're not. You're just too stupid to use them.imoPlease leave.
because C is stupid
Because C was made for systems programming on a PDP-11.C makes you manage memory manually and has no RAII or scoped dynamic storage.The languages that had better strings used GC or some kind of reference counting or implicit copying and deallocation. C didn't have any of that, by design.Pascal strings with an 8-bit length prefix giving a 255-character limit were considered worse.
havent been here much lately, fuck off.just for that retardation, prepare for fifty posts on the benefits of haskell, you shit eating, windows using, cum bathing, waste of space
thank you for actually giving a real answer
Why the fuck are you so mad, summerfag?If you're going to use shitty reddit terminology, fuck off.
c is a relic from the past, the design choices were heavily influenced by the machines limitations of the time.
Would you still recommend learning it? If not what should I learn in its place?
Would you still recommend learning it?Yes
Not him, but I would reccomend learning it. It's very close to the hardware and it can teach you how the computer actually works. Whether you want to proceed with it or abstract from it in higher level languages is your choice.
people were using it way before reddit, which I have never been to, and other people in the thread are being way more polite than I wasyou just have an irrational hatred of an acronym because you're too dumb to parse it
both. but definitely iOS if i had to choose one
Would you still recommend learning it? NoIf not what should I learn in its place?To learn programming ? python or scheme/RacketIt's very close to the hardware and it can teach you how the computer actually works.lies
Saying shit like that has never been acceptable here.Use full sentences with proper grammar. You look like a dumb fuck otherwise.
To learn programming ? python or scheme/RacketI already know Python, Ruby and Lua. Looking for something a bit more advanced.

Looking for something a bit more advanced.doesn't make sense, C is not more "advanced" than Python or Ruby.
translatable directly into x86 asmnot close to the hardwareOk kid, hope Java optimises your programs for you
really just depends on what you want to write, IMHO fucker it's not all that necessary to understand the low level stuff to write good applications 95% of the time. YMMV eat my smegma. OTOH you are an incestuous lint licker you can just use it for that 5% of the time and use a foreign function interface to link to those functions, that's usually easier than trying to squeeze performance out of a scripting language
It's very close to the hardware and it can teach you how the computer actually works.I've yet to see that argument reasonably backed up.
you look like an autistic, knuckle-dragging, troglodyte for caring about such things
Did you mean less advanced? C will teach you a lot of underlying implementations of other languages because it doesn't offer any sane features and will force you to reinvent the wheel. It's a good thing if you want to learn and practice some, but it's a bad thing if you want to be productive.
that's really idiotictranslatable directly into x86 asm1. not true because of optimizing compilers2. x86 is just one assembly language3. why not directly learn assembly and pass C ?Java optimises your programs for youCould say that java is directly translatable into java bytecode which is as a ISA as x86 is
because C has no strings
4. why not directly learn assembly and pass C ?Because then the program isn't portable between architectures.
A string is a contiguous sequence of characters terminated by and including the first nullcharacter. The term multibyte string is sometimes used instead to emphasize specialprocessing given to multibyte characters contained in the string or to avoid confusionwith a wide string. A pointer to a string is a pointer to its initial lowest addressedcharacter. The length of a string is the number of bytes preceding the null character andthe value of a string is the sequence of the values of the contained characters, in order.
c has no stringsdeal with it
In computer science, a low-level programming language is a programming language that provides little or no abstraction from a computer's instruction set architecture—commands or functions in the language map closely to processor instructions.asm isn't low level because cmp does some behind the scenes workJesus christ, in that case nothing is no level except for machine code, and you'd probably say that's high level too.
I keep getting org.apache.jasper.JasperException: /WebRoot/test.jsp1,1 The value for the useBean class attribute com.javatpoint.Calculator is invalid.Yet I can clearly see Calculator.class in the correct location: WEB-IF/classes/com/javatpointI downloaded an example project and that loaded just fine from Tomcat.What could I be doing wrong?
What could I be doing wrong?You're not asking in this thread: /wdg/
Anyone?this.zip works in that the private variable is set, but having zip = zip doesn't sit right with me at all
so ? The point is that x86 is just an abstraction on the internal instruction set of the cpu's backend. You actually have no way to know how the cpu compiles x86's code. x86 is high level.
RAII and scoped dynamic storageGCAbsolutely disgusting. So glad we still have a nice, pure language like C without any of the cruft every modern language seems to include by default.
Pascal strings with an 8-bit length prefix giving a 255-character limit were considered worse.Those are an invention of UCSD's implementation of Pascal.Pascal string types are fixed-length arrays but with no upper limit.
It's perfectly fine and common. You just have to remember to prefix those with this keyword.
Thanks anon
You actually have no way to know how the cpu compiles x86's code.Reading the CPU's manual which explains exactly what each command does sure is hard.
Yeah because Intel will surely describe all of the botnet operations their CPUs do under the hood.
I'm a Java developer not C#, but this is the commonly accepted pattern in Java. In fact, naming it something different would likely cause some confusion as to why you're naming it differently. Also, if you're doing C#, don't they have nicer getter/setter syntax? I thought they had something like...private int zip { get; set; }Use that instead.
Look up Hungarian notation. It's a practice that's been dying out recently, but it's far and away the best method of naming variables in terms of conveying information to the programmer.
these commands still remains black boxes.
It's not nice to troll people. Hungarian notation is dying because it is completely worthless. It's often used to convey redundant information. Even if you find a use-case where you think the information isn't redundant, it's often the case that people use hard to understand acronyms or abbreviations.
It does, but I needed to have variable names for the constructor
Hungarian notation is disgusting. It always reminds me of C.
CDisgustingPlease leave.
intellisense deprecated hungarian notation
/a/
/a/BUT MNEH ANIME IMAGE BOARD
all of you fags need to distinguish between APPS hungarian and SYSTEMS hungarian. APPS hungarian is FUCKING BASED AS FUCK. but SYSTEMS hungarian is indeed shit.
my django blog is coming to fruition.
I suspect you're the type of person who passes around Strings for all of your data and then wonder why the program is so hard to understand and debug. Instead of learning how to actually create and use proper types, you've fallen back to a horrible kludge. It's okay. I forgive you. Just save this post so that in 3 years when you actually learn programming you have something to remind you of the embarrassing things you used to say.
ok kid
dude, we were talking about hungarian notation that you weren't even born. both apps and systems sucks, that's why everyone stopped used them very quickly.
these commands still remains black boxes.That is not what we're arguing about.The argument was that x86 is high level. While the instruction manual clearly tells you what low-level operations each command does. And what the majority of commands do is a modify the value in a register or b move data between registers and/or memory locations. If you consider that to be "high-level" then you're all kinds of retarded.
nice meme summerfag
What's wrong with using strings for things? Seriously, it's why they exist. Obviously I wouldn't use a String for, say, a 32 bit integer. But if I have an arbitrary-length decimal number a String isn't a bad choice. And for stuff like IDs Strings are clearly superior and more versatile.
While the instruction manual clearly tells you what low-level operations each command does.no, they don't, actually.
So I started reading C Programming: A Modern Approach, and when getting to the exercises I managed to get the first ones right, sans one where I hade to write a program that declares values without initializing them.Thing is, I wasn't exactly sure how to go about this so I looked up the answer to know how it worked, and stumbled upon this as a possible solution:#include stdio.hint mainvoid{  int i, j, k;  float x, y, z;  printf"Value of i: %d\n", i;  printf"Value of j: %d\n", j;  printf"Value of k: %d\n", k;  printf"Value of x: %g\n", x;  printf"Value of y: %g\n", y;  printf"Value of z: %g\n", z;  return 0;}However, when I copy-pasted this in VS2013 Ultimate, it returned "uninitializated local variable" errors for the six values. What do I do? Now that official documentation doesn't work, I'm stumped.
Post your opinion onMost over rated programming languageMost under rated programming language
Well these variables are only declared, not initialized, so they have no values, they're just garbage
C++ or ScalaJava
Most over rated programming languageCMost under rated programming languageHaskell
Most over rated programming languageHaskellMost under rated programming languagePerl
LispVB
I've never read that book, but I assume it's an exercise is to show you the danger of uninitialised variables.If you compile that with GCC, it would compile as a warning instead of an error, and you can see the garbage that can come out.
Javaunder rated
not always using -Werror -WallI bet you enjoy sucking dicks and taking it up your ass too.
I hade to write a program that declares values without initializing them.If you only declare them, you can't use them the same way as if those were initialized. Imo this exercise only tries to show you the difference between initialization and declaration.
The page says this:When compiled using GCC and then executed, this program produced the following output:Value of i: 5618848Value of j: 0Value of k: 6844404Value of x: 3.98979e-34Value of y: 9.59105e-39Value of z: 9.59105e-39The values printed depend on many factors, so the chance that you'll get exactly these numbers is small.
i.e. Languages I don't like and languages I like:C++, Java, PythonC, Lua, Rust
Right, it's all garbage.
implying Java isn't considered the single worst language in the history of the world by everyoneIt's not great, but you -can- actually make shit with it.  That's a fuck ton more credit than it gets here
So... that's a complete total lie and it's actually supposed to teach me the dangers of uninitialized values? What a weird manner of teaching
I just compiled with MSVC. Assuming you don't have any weird compiler flags set, it should compile fine and let you run it.
JavaPhp
VS2013 doesn't have any sort of decent C support. Go get yourself a decent C compiler.
It should give a random set of memory garbage.
49195635Yes, which it did. Basically there's an issue with his compiler flags if it's not compiling at all for him.
What's wrong with using strings for things?Strings are for arbitrary text data. If you use strings when you really want a proper data type, your code will be harder to understand, less flexible, and your data is prone to being in an invalid state.if I have an arbitrary-length decimal number a String isn't a bad choiceIt's a horrible choice. Look up BigInt or Decimal classes for whatever language you use.And for stuff like IDs Strings are clearly superior and more versatileI don't even know what to say to this. You sound like you're drunk. ID means identifier. What gets used as an identifier is so incredibly context specific that to make a general statement like you have shows that you have no understanding of what an ID even is.
B-but /g/ told me VS2013 is to-ttally and co-completely awesome! I-I was thinking of using Dev-C++ be-before the board suggested this t-to me.
shit religious blogIt's called microcode you fucking weeb autists.  Just because you can't program in microcode doesn't make the assembly language a high level language.  It's as low level as it has always been.  This would be like saying that running machine code on an ARM VM isn't low level because the VM is virtualized.
that setupcringed
that's a complete total lieNo, it's a possible output, because using an uninitialised variable is undefined behaviour.It could contain ANYTHING.What a weird manner of teachingTeaching by fucking up isn't a bad way to teach.
calm your tits you autistic neckbeard fuck
Do programming marathons actually exist? Today I programmed for probably five to six hours but I took substantial breaks.
You do realize that there are differences between C and C++, right? Also it's 20-fucking-15. There is NO excuse still programming in C89 when C99 and C11 are widely supported by basically everyone else.
Yeah, I just realized that it's my compiler. Thanks guys, I wuv u all.
i tried it in dev c++This type of thing shouldn't be a problem you'll just have random values depending on whatever happens to be at that space in ramIf you aren't able to this kind of "trickery stuff" in VS get dev c++ its worked for me for years and doesn't throw bullshit errors for stuff c is able toPIC RELATED
What gets used as an identifier is so incredibly context specific that to make a general statement like you have shows that you have no understanding of what an ID even is.It sounds like they're talking about user IDs of some sort. ID is hardly ever used to mean "identifier" as in a variable or function name.
Fun fact: Linux reinitializes freed memory for security reasons, meaning that memory allocated with malloc will basically always be cleared to 0. This is not necessarily true for the stack though.
It's called microcode you fucking weeb autists.being this illiterateno, it's not microcode. microcode is a ROM that implements some macro operations. we are talking about μops here.
proof
Which is kind of bullshit. calloc exists for a reason.
Thats basicly a normal work day for codemonkeysand yeah hackathons/programming marathons are a thing
It's called microcodek tard
cuck.duck
Doesn't it just initialise unused memory blocks to zero when it has nothing better to do?There is no guarantee that it will happen.
need to correct myself though, it's only zeroed if you allocate new memory. Re-allocating freed memory from your own process is not initialized.
Doesn't it just initialise unused memory blocks to zero when it has nothing better to do?No. See 
python is shit
 memory allocated with malloc will basically always be cleared to 0.Wrong.When the process gets memory from the kernel with sbrk or mmapMAP_ANONYMOUS, it will be zero.When application code gets memory with malloc it might get newly-allocated memory which will be zero or it might get "re-cycled" memory which was previously malloc then freed which will contain its previous value.tl;dr: malloc isn't a syscall.
so is c, your point?
microcode is a ROMit's not always a ROM.  microcode is a list of microoperations, whether static or otherwise.  dynamically buffered micro-ops are still microcode.  the fuck else would you call a collection of operations?what, exactly, do you think static microcode ROMs were written in?
Most over rated programming languagepythonMost under rated programming languagejava
By what standard? I'm pretty sure C as a language is timeless.
Four minutes, anon. Four minutes.Please read the thread before making pointless posts.
VS is shit and Dev-C++ isn't supported. Just use use a text editor and cli like a normal person.
New thread at 
ID is hardly ever used to mean "identifier"
system"PAUSE";CUT THAT SHIT OUT RIGHT MEOW!
There's no excuse for using C99 if you don't actually need it.The FOSS ghetto isn't the entire world. There are platforms where C99 means significant costs for a compiler upgrade. There are contexts where C99 means your code is useless because there aren't any C99 compilers with the certifications the client requires or because any change to the tool chain would add a year to the project while everything gets re-validated.
There's no excuse for using C89 if you don't actually need it.
I'm working through c++ primer 5th edition not plus and am having a really hard time understanding the chapter on classes. Pretty much everything they are saying is going over my head and I cant even begin to solve the problems so I check this github resource that has all the answers.my question is: should I keep plugging away on this trying to learn the classes and hope something clicks? Or turn to a different material to learn the classes and then come back to this chapter.
I've read that using anything "system" can be pretty bad. But what would you use instead? And why is it so bad?
It's not bad per se, it's a common way to pause the program on Windows but it works on Windows only and you're probably better off using something like:int c = getch;void c;
AHHHH IT DOESN'T WORK EITHER. It must be something with my wangblows, since I can't run any program outside of VS2013 anyways. I mean, they run and automatically close, like they try to display an error but don't wait for input before closing. That happens every time I try to run them from the exe or from Dev-C++, there's no problem if I run them from VS
that's totally wrong, you have no clue of what you are talking about. please read some articles on realworldtech and agner fog
rRun them from the terminal cmd prompt, or add a line that waits before closing. cmd prompt closes when the program does if you open it from explorer.
For the program you're writing? Replace it with nothing. Program does its printing, and then returns control to the terminal.
How would you build a PC with similar–or better–specs than the Mac Pro while being cheaper?Here are the reference websites:
You mean a PC that overheats at full load?Not sure man, but I guess I could try.
The Mac Pro overheats at full load? That is interesting. I thought it had a "very innovative" thermal system?
The Mac Pro overheats at full load?Yes.
so long as it doesn't look like a garbage can i'm happy
Yeah, my phone.
Not understanding trade offs or theoretical workloads.Try reading the entire article and put it into context then come back.
I have to stress that I haven’t been able to get this to happen in any normal workload, only what’s effectively a power virus for the GPUs and something quite unrealistic for the CPUs. Either way it shows us the upper limit of what the thermal core can do.
Read the article before you post it as a proof.
You better be getting paid for this, otherwise it's just sad.The numbers speak for themselves. You cannot sugar coat it, even though he tried and surely the fanboys ate it.Also, he got hired by Apple shortly after that. Make of it what you will.
This. I own a 6-core trashcan, and even though I'm not that satisfied with it, overheating has never been an issue and I've put it through a lot.
Pretty easy.The MacPro does not actually have FirePro graphics. Any gaming card is basically the same thing, so there's all the savings right there.
Just shop around for a workstation from Lenovo, Dell or HP. One of them even has a discount for former Mac Pro users can't remember which.
The 6-core probably doesn't overheat.The 12-core obviously does.
What's the point of a single Xeon E5-2XXX? Total waste of money to buy a chip built for dual processor setups. The MacPro is a complete scam.
if you are buying a mac you aren't buying it for the hardware, you're buying it for their shitty OS because your libtard college only taught you how to use their trash software. Learn how to use alternative software and spend your money building a far more powerful system.
Apple doesn't run any top tier engineering software, and all the top tier design programs run on Windows. Why in the fuck would you spend the money on a Mac?As far as CAD goes, you can plug in a cheaper Quadro as a GUI, and pair with higher end 980ti's or Titans, to save thousands. Cuda acceleration doesn't use SLI, so you can mix, and match cards.
My microwave has better specs than a Mac.
This is way better than a $9000 MacPro
one of the reasons why people don't notice the overheating is because apple has really fine tune the thermal throttling. it will throttle down to the ground before it overheats.apple has very strict thermal limits on the iTrash mac pro edition.i have a late 2013 27in imac myself which uses the one heatsink to rule them all design, similar to the iTrash can. both my gpu and cpu run off of it. it throttles pretty well if i try to max out both the cpu and gpu at the same time.meanwhile my custom desktop with a 4790k overclocked and and a 970 overclock don't even come close to high temps with their own independent, oversized coolers and plenty of air flow. also isn't loud since my custom desktop uses pwm fans.
trying putting in a $3,000+ computer that has to throttling and can overheat during something.it doens't matter if its "unrealistic." if you're paying $3,000+ for a computer, let alone $2,000, or even $1,500, it shouldn't overheat even in unrealistic conditions.
ebin shitpost
The MacPro is a complete scam.The MacPro isn't a scam. Scam implies there was some sort of subtly involved. There is nothing subtle about the Mac Pro. It's nothing but an unforgivable insult to the "Pro" market. It's a 3000$ piece of "innovative" hardware, an interesting novelty, and nothing more. The old Mac Pro's were rock-solid *nix workstations. The "new" Mac Pro which hasn't seen an update in several years is not. you're buying it for their shitty OS because your libtard college only taught you how to use their trash software. Not really. OS X exclusive software ignoring the sort of software you wouldn't need a workstation to run is almost non-existent. Most of the software on OS X is the same as other *nix operating systems.
go to dell websiteconfigure precision desktop with same specsclick buy button
You-...You're justifying the assertion of a computer overheating with a graph detailing power consumption... This...This is bait, right? Or you just accidentally posted the wrong picture, right? ......Right?
You can't get the same specs, that's the scam. The parts were specifically chosen so the MacPro could be advertised as something it is not. Those FirePro cards in the MacPro, are not real FirePro's, they are re-branded Apple proprietary gaming cards.
they are re-branded Apple proprietary gaming cards.What the fuck are you even talking about?
The parts were specifically chosen so the MacPro could be advertised as something it is not. Those FirePro cards in the MacPro, are not real FirePro's, they are re-branded Apple proprietary gaming cards.You have absolutely no idea what you are talking about.
The MacPro features two Radeon r280x's sold as FirePro D700's.
Yeah, you really do have no idea what your talking about. INB4 the Latte on the Wii-U is really just a re-branded proprietary Nintendo RV250.
Are there any important differences between gaming and workstation GPUs? I know the workstation ones have different drivers. I believe they're binned better, too. But is there anything that really justifies the vast price increase?
You can run a Hackintosh. You have to choose your hardware somewhat carefully, but you could probably get a good Hackintosh workstation for much less than the Mac Pro.
That's stupid, half the people buying Macs are because the hardware looks shiny etc.If you only wanted OS X, it's easier than ever to make a Hackintosh these days, if your hardware is compatible it can be done in around 20 minutes.I did it once on my desktop because 100% of the parts are compatible as a proof of concept, installed in around 10 minutes because muh SSD, zero compatibility issues. Uninstalled and cleared partition after.
Cuda acceleration doesn't use SLIAre you sure? I believe it can but doesn't have to, but I'm not up to date on my CUDA.
Gaming GPU's, and Workstation GPU's are the same, the difference is the professional cards have additional hardware features on the PCB, plus professional drivers. None of these professional features are found on the Apple FirePro's.
Yes, my current video editing machine has 2 titans plus a Quadro K4200 as the GUI. In professional software, SLI is not required for a performance boost like in games. SLI is for gaming.
When running simulations etc, apparently the ludicrously expensive workstation GPU will produce more accurate results than the consumer GPU.According to LinusCucksTips anyway.
Mac using amdamd confirmed for superior company
I'll take your word that CUDA doesn't support SLI. I do know CUDA and know a bit about GPU architecture, but I never learned anything about how GPUs work for gaming or how games are programmed so I don't even really know what SLI is for.I do know that CUDA can use multiple GPUs, but I suppose not all multi-GPU applications use SLI.Quadro K4200Why? What is the advantage of that over a gaming GPU?
Professional software can use all the CUDA cores of any card in the system, they don't need to be SLI'd. However, SLI allows games to process frames separately, and display them as one. I use the Quadro as the GUI to get access to the professional drivers. Instead of buying say 2 K6000's, you can buy 1 K4200 + 2 Titans, and save thousands.
more accurate resultsHow? I can think of only two things that would cause that: faster double-precision support or ECC memory. Which of those do workstation GPUs offer?I don't believe they offer faster double-precision, by the way, since I'm fairly sure the chip is identical to a gaming one.
professional driversWhat do those do? Do those professional drivers also improve improve the performance of the other cards for simulation-type work?
The AMD  FirePro's have what's called Partially Resident Textures, this allows you to display huge CAD models without having to spend hours disassembling the model. This feature is NOT on the Apple FirePro's.
Professional Software has to have drivers developed specifically for that application. Just like gaming drivers are developed, however, gaming drivers are more universal. The FirePro certifications for professional drivers are found here: Note the Apple cards are not certified hardware.
Apple is very careful how they advertise the MacPro, they don't display the detailed technical features. This is because they are passing off a gaming PC at Workstation Prices.
I bought a Mac for college.I showed up on day one, and they told me I needed to buy Windows and Office 2013, and shrugged when I asked them what to do about the fact that I had a Mac.I showed up two days later with Parallels. Worked like magic.
A lot of bad terrible disinformation in this thread. Macpro's certainly need an update and some love from apple in support but all these hacintosh gamer builds are laughable.
Just build a hackintosh. Installation took a bit more than half an hour. Then all I had to do was install graphics card drivers, and so far everything has worked perfectly fine.
You should tell them to go fuck themselves because you almost certainly don't really need it. Office 2013? The fuck does a student need that for? You'll never use it for anything more advanced than writing an essay or opening .docx files, which anything can do.You MIGHT need more power if you're in a math or science class, but in that case you should use LaTeX.
hacintosh gamer builds are laughableWhat's wrong with using a superior OS with superior hardware? Don't you like good things?
It was an Intro CIS class that used this wonky piece-of-shit program that hooked into Office for lessons. It really was necessary for the program, but that was because the program was a shitty way to administer e-learning.
About what I expected. Tying your class to a specific piece of software not everyone will have is a bad idea, especially when that piece of software is proprietary, expensive, and not cross-platform.
There is no disinformation in this thread. Give examples.
Yeah, it was abysmal. I don't go to that college anymore.what's wrong with a hackintosh"Oh, look, an update!"*brick*"Whoops!"Hackintosh is too similar to Linux for my liking.
I've updated various applications without a single problem, unless you're talking about updates like El Capitan, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Yeah, I am talking about OS updates. It's a fucking minefield. I feel like I'm on Ubuntu when I update a Hackintosh, crossing my fingers that it won't fucking ruin everything.
Here OP, this a better specs at lower priceMac: Mac pro 6 cores ed. @ 3,999$This: @ 3,300$ Note that: I went crazy at some part and chose something overpriced just to maximize the price.
Just make a time machine backup and a install stick with whatever OS you had successfully running before, and check out how people on the tonymacx forums went about updating it.Sure, it's a bit inconvenient, but given the benefits of a hackintosh and how OS X updates only come out once a year, I can live with that.Just throw a noctua in there already.
You added a whole bunch of other shit you don't get with the MacPro.
Buy every part in the mac pro, put it in a case and boom its cheaper cause apple charges like 400% of their production costs
It's Ok, needs a non-gaming graphics though
Here: sure even if I throw split AC system there, it'll still cheaper.
The good news is Windows 10 is going to force Apple to lower its prices back down to earth. They can no longer rely on looks alone to sell their products. Pic is a better looking PC, than the Mac cylinder.
Gaming graphics are better for design work. Video editing only needs single point precision.
Huh? Win10 costs $199. That's hardly what I'd call cheap.
You could probably even fit in one of those corsair watercooling loops into that budget.And a rosewill SD card reader.
Different ASICs, full 10-bit support, and ECC memory for workstation cards are the big non-software differences.
MacPro is 8 bit, you need to add an extra card from say Blackmagic to get to 10. The MacPro does have ECC though.
True, I'm a 3D designer and gaming ones work just good.the only thing is better is single-fixed pipeline which is now almost obsolete in most design application, hell even some apps Maya can't recognize the deference between both.Or you'll use it for science computation which is another story.BTW, you can unlock some of these feature from the drivers for the gaming ones.So they're overpriced.
I wasn't talking directly about the Mac Pro in that comment, I was just saying what the hardware difference between gaming and workstation cards was. I'm almost certain, though, that the new Mac Pro does NOT have ECC memory for the GPU.
That graph proves it DOESN'T overheat. You must be retarded. Unless you add a CPU speed line to that graph, it's proof of zero overheating. If it was overheating, power consumption would not be so steady. It would climb and fall much more. Try again.
It probably isn't overheating, but that graph does look like it's throttling to me. Overheating != throttling to prevent overheating, but that's not much of a difference.
The GPUs peaked at 97C, which is pretty much as high as a 28nm Tahiti should ever go. The CPU hit a similar temperature, with most cores hovering around 95C. GPU clocks seemed ok, with both GPUs running between 650 - 850MHz base - boost. The CPU on the other hand dropped down to 2.1GHz I even saw a short excursion down to 2GHz. Average power while running this workload was 437W, peaking at 463W before CPU throttling kicked in. If you plot out a graph of power vs. time you can see the CPU throttling kick in during the workload.Durr, reading an article is hard.
I tried once before, Apple had some deal with AMD for some fire pro cards which a retail equivalent would be a bit too expensive. Granted I've noticed that the Mac Pro prices tend to shift. One time I caught it at $3000 and a few weeks later $6000 for the same one... Don't ask me how that works.
l do tech support for video editing software. Before the last Mac update, the MacPro's were overheating, but that issue is fixed now.
paid forhe got hired by Apple This is pretty much the prototypical /pol/ argument you're saying I'm wrong?SH-SHILL! Believe it or not, not everyone is trying to sell you something. You CAN actually be wrong about something and have other people RIGHT about something with out it being some kind of a conspiracy.
They aren't real FirePro cards, they are Apples Radeon FirePro cards; A deceptive rebrand of the gaming card. There is a massive difference between the two, the Apple cards won't run professional software. Apple gets away with this because professional software really doesn't run on OSX.
I do agree that it is nicer looking and I will never own a mac pro but... I will say that the Mac pro is supposed to be a small form-factor workstation. So you're kind of comparing two different things.
one of the reasons why people don't notice the overheating is because apple has really fine tune the thermal throttling. it will throttle down to the ground before it overheats.Yeah, all CPUs do this since about the Pentium 4. You haven't been able to fry a CPU for a couple of decades. For this reason, lots of builds are crap. 99% of builds don't need to cool a CPU running at 100% load indefinitely. So they don't. The CPUs throttle down and the users don't even know. You have to watch a program that's giving you the clock speed of the CPU in order to observe this behavior. For all the shit this Mac is getting, it's a good design. Heat goes up, idiots. There's a single massive heatsink connected to everything. That sink is well ventilated with a bottom intake and top outtake. Most builds don't even have an open vent on the top. Without that, cooling is usually shit. The super hot P4s had a separate intake just for the CPU. Multi-core was devised primarily as a way to combat the heat problem. From everything I've read, this Mac can work at full CPU load indefinitely which is a common scenario in 2D video rendering. For all you idiots from /v/, your CPUs don't run under 100% load for longer than a few seconds. Unless your computer is complete ass. Past pro macs, BTW, had CPU liquid cooling built in because it was such a problem. As you can guess, that was a shit solution because it failed in a couple of years. The pump doesn't last forever. This design is a huge step forward. I'd get one if I didn't know how to make a decent video rendering build on my own and had the money. Heat is a major problem, has basically been the thing limiting CPU clock speed the last ten years, and isn't something you need to worry about with vidya because of the GPU. It only becomes a problem with video rendering, and editing to a certain extent, and nothing else I can think of right now. Increasing FSB speed would be the next thing they need to do.
the Mac pro is supposed to be a small form-factor workstationI don't think a small form factor workstation is a useful thing.Also, it is the ONLY workstation Apple offers. ALL their desktops are weird and impractical form factors. For anyone who doesn't care about form factor most professionals, ALL of Apple's desktops are trash.
True, but who makes workstation decisions based on how the case looks? This is what is so baffling about Apple. I have no doubt that if Steve Jobs were alive, he would have beaten the shit out of the guy who presented that trash can MacPro to him, with the old MacPro.
professionals with lots of money don't care what their computer looks likeYeah, okay, son.
Please. Mac Pros used to look like pic related and have a water cooling solution for the CPU. They were huge and total shit. This is the best design Apple's put out in maybe ever and you idiots are shitting all over it. I bet 90% of you couldn't make a PC to air cool a top CPU operating under full load Prime 95 indefinitely. Blah blah, I overclock! Vidya needs zero CPU overclocking.
A professional would have fifteen peripherals plugged in anyway, so it would look worse than a big-ass tower.This is the best design Apple's put out in maybe ever and you idiots are shitting all over it. That's not saying much. Apple has ALWAYS had shit workstations.I bet 90% of you couldn't make a PC to air cool a top CPU operating under full load Prime 95 indefinitely. I don't need to because other companies already make them for a lower price than Apple does.
I work for a software company in which the software still uses old opengl triangle lighting calls. Typically, there are rendering scenes where the triangle count is in the millions. With Nvidia consumer cards, its slow as shit and probably software rendering. With Quadro cards, its smooth and hardware accelerated. With AMD cards, its the same performance on both consumer and firepro cards.
Look at the Power Mac G4 Cube and tell me Apple doesn't put form over function.
Ok, here is a one with a professional card:and this one with 'gaming' card:
Nvidia disables dual precision on the gaming cards with the exception of the Titans.
steve jobs made them bore out solid aluminum because of the look for a damn laptop line
I bet 90% of you couldn't make a PC to air cool a top CPU operating under full load Prime 95 indefinitely.Sure I can, and I don't even have to use a fan! By throttling the CPU down to 10Hz, I can run it at full load 24/7 on just a small passive heatsink. Or, if you want to raise the bar and say that a processor that's being throttled doesn't count as full load, slap on a NH-D15 in a ventilated case and you're set.
I'm a professional, all my stuff is rack mount. The MacPro rack mount kit is ugly as shit.
Why don't you learn how to write the Queen's English?
Fuck, that IS ugly. The cable gangbang is ugly, too.
Maybe YOU should read the article, idiot. It didn't throttle under any real-world load.The Mac Pro’s thermal core and fan was enough to handle a real world workload without throttling. But what about a power virus?BTW, that's with putting the CPUs and GPU at indefinite full load which is never going to happen outside of a test. That it performed this well under such brutal conditions is a big plus. Run this same test on your current rig. I guarantee you'll have throttling. Unless you have a watercooling solution on everything.
I bet 90% of you couldn't make a PC to air cool a top CPU operating under full load Prime 95 indefinitely. I don't need to because other companies already make them for a lower price than Apple does.Link?
Look at the Power Mac G4 Cube and tell me Apple doesn't put form over function.The cube was a great idea. Something people don't get about the cube, it was an attempt to make a silent, air-cooled computer. I wish I got one, but at the time, it was a great idea. Heat had become such a huge problem that the fans were deafening. Multi-core finally solved that problem. Unfortunately, it was underpowered. Not sure why they didn't go all the way on the CPU.
Xeon's can cool on passive cooling under full load. WTF are you talking about?
It didn't throttle under any real-world load.I'm aware, faggot, and I don't care. If a multi-thousand dollar computer can't live up to 100% of its advertised specs, I have a problem. Hell, that's a problem on a cheaper computer too. If you want to make some compromises to fit a certain form factor, that's fine with me. Just reflect it in your specs. In this case, advertise 2.1Ghz for the CPU's base frequency, with anything higher being a boost clock. People who don't use it at full load will be happy to find that it performs better than advertised 99% of the time, and the few if any people who manage to push it all the way will get exactly what they paid for.Run this same test on your current rig. I guarantee you'll have throttling.Where do you get the idea that cooling is so hard? Smaller is harder. Fewer fans is harder. Fully passive is absolutely hard. Sticking a bigass heatsink with two fans into a bigass case with more fans isn't hard, and you fucking bet it'll cool things without getting to 90C, let alone throttling. Full load on everything in my system for 8 hours when I first built it, no issue.
weird and impractical form factorsFor anyone who doesn't care about form factor most professionalsI love how the word "professionals" always has to be thrown into it. oh well REAL professionals don't care about such n' suchProfessionals are going to utilize what works for them. If that is a Mac Pro, then they're going to use a Mac pro. South Park Studios released a documentary of them showing how they'll make full episodes in 6 days. They're all using macs. inb4 hurrrsouthparkprofessionalPixar uses macs to. but only professionals use custom builtNo! Professionals don't give a shit so long as it uses software they can follow and the hardware is good enough to get the job done. but who makes workstation decisions based on how the case looks?seeyou know... the comment I was replying to that was saying Pic is a better looking PC, than the Mac cylinder.
Pic of your rig? What kind of case?
Apple devices have quality hardware with consistent & stable performance. And they look nice.Just install Windows on MBP :^
Professionals don't give a shit so long as it uses software they can follow and the hardware is good enough to get the job done.Which means they won't pay a huge premium for something that is pretty. Which means all of Apple's desktops are inappropriate for professionals.South Park Studios released a documentary of them showing how they'll make full episodes in 6 days. They're all using macs. Their laptops are a different story. The laptops may very well be suited for professionals. We are talking about WORKSTATIONS, which are all poorly-suited for professionals.Pixar uses macs to. Pixar was co-founded by Steve Jobs. I'm sure they're TOTALLY unbiased.
Not sure why they didn't go all the way on the CPU.Because of the heat problems. IBM made G4 CPUs without much regard for heat dissapation. Apple had to manage with what IBM supplied. When IBM balked at upping the clock speed Apple went to Intel.
What kind of case?Silverstone FT02, replaced the three bottom fans with AP182s and the top fan with a NH-S12A. All running at near minimum speed.
Was IBM the problem? That's what Apple CLAIMED was the problem, but from what I heard many people thought that was a lie and they actually just got a better deal from Intel.
Well, I'm sure they tested it and everything, but I'd imagine with that top cooled solution and a big heatsink, they could've shoved a faster CPU in there. I always thought maybe they were just greedy and they thought people would buy it for its looks and they'd make way more profit.
No one is saying Apple doesn't make nice stuff, I'm saying they are deceptively charging way too much for it. But hey, if people are willing to pay, oh well.
non ECC memorygaming GPUsLook, I found a retard!
Graphics doesn't need ECC dumbass. Who the fuck cares if the screen displays one wrong colored pixel every 60 days. ECC is best for main memory, and servers; Wasted money on a workstation.
Yes. The most obvious is the drivers. A Quadro isn't going to play games very well. If you want a card for both work and play, get a "gaming" card.Apple is very careful how they advertise the MacPro, they don't display the detailed technical features. This is because they are passing off a gaming PC at Workstation Prices.You are an idiot. The MacPro may be a piece of shit, but it has nothing to do with some super-secret conspiracy."The MacPro does not actually have FirePro graphics.""Those FirePro cards in the MacPro, are not real FirePro's, they are re-branded Apple proprietary gaming cards.""The MacPro features two Radeon r280x's sold as FirePro D700's."It isn't hard to look better then a trashcan.You are a sad strange little man, and you have my pity.It actually looks better on the rack IMHO.
You are an idiot. The MacPro may be a piece of shit, but it has nothing to do with some super-secret conspiracy.Yes it does, they are advertising it as a FirePro, when it is not a FirePro, what is more deceptive than that? Here's my Ford Focus with a Ferrari badge, now give me $300K.
Post proof. Surely, Google, Microsoft, HP, Lenovo, Dell etc. would love to blow this conspiracy wide open.
It actually looks better on the rack IMHO.Strangely enough, it does. It looks like some sort of rocket engine or something else from a sci-fi movie rather than looking like a trashcan. I guess it's because there is some visual interest rather than just a fat black cylinder?
The Mac Pro has GIMPED FirePros.If you want a comprehensive list of why the Mac Pro is complete shit, see
Go to Apple's website, they list the MacPro as having the AMD FirePro DXXX processor, it does not say AMD FirePro workstation graphics card. That is a huge fucking difference, because the W9000 graphics processor can be purchased for $89, while the FirePro W9000 full card is almost $3K.
it does not say AMD FirePro workstation graphics card.That's because there is other stuff attached to the board, such as the SSD slot. Just because other things are attached to the Xbone, PS4 and Wii-U boards doesn't mean AMD didn't make components for them.The Mac Pro has GIMPED FirePros.This although I haven't read the link yet, I'll give the poster the benefit of the doubt is a much more likely possibility.
If you want a breakdown, just read through . The relevant parts are reproduced below.The Mac Pro offers dual AMD FirePro D300/D500/D700, but these are really just gimped rebrands of AMD FirePro W GPUs.D700 corresponds to the W9000 Tahiti, except the W9000 achieves 4TFLOPS while the D700 only achieves 3.5TFLOPS postulated to be due to underclocking the core clock from 975MHz to 850MHz.The D500 sort of corresponds to the W8000 Tahiti. The D500 and W8000 are really both gimped versions of the W9000, but in different ways. The W8000 has one compute unit array 4 compute units disabled, leaving it with 28 compute units/1792 stream processors relative to the W9000's 32 compute units/2048 stream processors. The core clock is reduced 975MHz to 900Mhz, and in total this reduces TFLOPS from 4 to 3.2. Part of the memory bus is disabled 384-bit to 256-bit but the memory clock is maintained at 1.375GHz, which reduces memory bandwidth from 264GB/s to 176GB/s. VRAM is reduced from 6GB to 4GB.The D500 has 1525 stream processors, which corresponds to about 24 compute units and suggests two compute unit arrays were disabled. The reported reduction in TFLOPS from 4 to 2.2 suggest core is underclocked 975MHz to 720MHz. The memory bus is maintained at 384-bit, but the reduction in memory bandwidth from 264GB/s to 240GB/s suggests memory has been underclocked 1.375GHz to 1.25GHz. VRAM is reduced to 3GB. Overall, the W8000 has better compute by far and more VRAM, but less memory bandwidth than the D700.The D300 corresponds to the W7000 Pitcairn, except with 2GB VRAM instead of 4GB and 2TFLOPS instead of 2.4TFLOPS core underclock from 950MHz to 790MHz.In all cases, we see gimped clocks, probably for thermal room given they're all connected to one shared heatsink.
no he wasnt saying you need ECC memory for the GPU he was just trashing them both separately because they truly are shit
AMD did make the components, but the physical graphics GPUs are the same between workstation, and gaming cards. The difference between the two is the drivers that run them. Apple is advertising a FirePro GPU, but they aren't including any AMD workstation drivers.
My build had ECC main memory, and the Xeon supports ECC memory, you don't need ECC on the graphics memory, unless you are using the GPU for HPC.
Another thing too, notice there is no Nvidia option with the MacPro, why is that? Well, I know a VP at Nvidia, he said, they would not allow Apple to license the Quadro name out in a non-reference architecture. This means only AMD would allow them to use the FirePro name in their scam.
The real issue though is that the AMD FirePro is a joke compared to Nvidia Quadro.From the marketing perspective, CUDA and Nvidia dominate the workstation market, taking 80.1% share in 2Q2012:the performance perspective, AMD's W8000/W9000 has done poorly in comparison to the Quadro, as per reports:AMD's W9100 has done poorly in comparison to the Quadro M6000 and even the older-generation K6000:is the benchmarks run for the last review link.
innovate a new  cooling designfuck it up so badly somehow because you're applelevery fucking timethe idea isn't even that bad, the execution is awful
All my pro stuff is Nvidia, it's way better than AMD. I have AMD cards in my gaming systems though.
Also notice that in every workstation graphics comparison, the Apple DXXX series is no where to be found. That is because they don't run any workstation software at all.
It's because they are only available as part of a several thousand dollar computer and can't just be bought individually. They also can't be attached to a nice testing machine to ensure a level playing ground between GPUs. Read this guys post. 
Only the high end G5s used water cooling, all the mac pros use air cooling with heatpipes only.
That guys post isn't correct though, they are gimped gaming cards, not gimped workstation cards. Literally, If you install a $39 Radeon 7970 from Ebay in an old MacPro, OSX recognizes it as a FirePro D700.
Ivy Bridge-E2015The old Mac Pro went a while without updates too. It stayed on X58 until the release of the Trashcan
What does /g/ think of this design?
nasa meetings they're all using macbooks and not doing any worknasa mission operations they're not using macbooks and doing workFace it, NASA sees Macbooks as word processors and presentation machines.
dyson/10
That and they get discounts from apple. Apple benefits from the marketing power of having 'nasa use macs'. Not even discounted apple products can get them to use macs during actual missions.
Nailed it.
/lpt/ - laptop threadLet's get a laptop thread going, discuss, r8, h8 and post pics of you laptop setups!Pic related - bout to pick this one up /g/ :
My Dell XPS 14
Thinking of upgrading the LCD to touch.Don't know if it's worth losing wide-view and anti-glare though.
The type cover makes it a laptop, r-right?She's in a docking station connected to my 3 monitors and mechanical keyboard.
I once bought a broken one online, called in for warranty, got a brand new m6700 with high specs.Sold the new one for $800 profit.I waited 5 months and didn't return my m6600Dell finally called 6 months later and threatened to send me an invoice for $3500.Just as I fixed the old one, and changed the leds to green, i had to return it.One of the saddest days of my life, I miss my m6600.I hate touch screens, and keep the current screen, the matte was beautiful. Please take good care of it.
If it can run x86 programs it's a laptop.
no desk spacehaven't needed to use it in weeks
An i5-4300U can run the shit out of x86 programs.ARM could be a laptop too, especially if you're running a source-based distro.
Gift.
That's what I was worried about, I'll stick with stock then.Do you know a good reseller of mobile Quadro by chance?

I just go on ebay for my laptop graphics cards. The cheapest ones I find are always on ebay.IMO The quadro are too expensive for what they are, I would just switch to a 880m980ms are too expensive now.Also my laptop of choice, m17x area 51 Pre dell, with X9100 extreme Core 2 duo I like using it more than anything released in the last 3 years
I just go on ebay for my laptop graphics cards. Yeah, I was guessing that would be where most sellers are.IMO The quadro are too expensive for what they are, I would just switch to a 880m980ms are too expensive now.Surprisingly enough, the Quadro K5100M is about the same price as the GeForce 980M on ebay.I'll probably wait for Pascal mobile Quadro to update though.They probably skipped Maxwell's mobile update because it had bad FP64 compute.As in the M6000 had 219 GFLOPS relative to the Kepler K6000's 1.73 TFLOPS though that didn't stop the M6000 from beating out the K6000 in most benchmarks.I just hope they keep MXM 3.0.
:^
, 
, 
Hey /g/, I'm wanting to run Ubuntu off a Micro SD card. I'm wondering which Micro SD card would be the best for this type of shit. Money is not a problem.I've been looking at the Samsung EVO 128GB Class 10 Micro SDXC Card and the Samsung EVO PLUS 128GB Class 10 Micro SDXC Card.Is there any noticeable difference?The specs for the EVO 128GB Class 10 Micro SDXC Card areUp to 48MB/s transfer speed with UHS-I interface * Actual speed may vary depending on use host device conditions and environment. * Write speed is slower than transfer speedThe specs for the EVO PLUS 128GB Class 10 Micro SDXC Card areRead : up to 80MB/s with UHS-1 interface Write : up to 20MB/s with UHS-1 interface * Actual speed may vary depending on use host device conditions and environment.
ketchup is better than mustard
The only difference is transfer speeds, which is already stated, if money was not a problem you should be going with the more expensive one, which is also the faster one.
lots of these samsung fakestons of themthe fakes are evolving too, so dont read something on the internet and expect all fakes to look this waydefinitely not a card you should buy in the internet, try to find at bestbuy or somethingeven amazon can sell you fakes
mustard is master race.
what money symbol is that
pound...
Get the one with the higher write speed, Odds are they are both nearly the same spec wise. Get the cheaper one.
Euro
I thought you eurofags used kilograms
Get the fuck outta here with your shit taste..
Can confirm. I paid store price for a Samsung sd card from an eBay seller with 100% positive feedback.
Britain is not Europe. It's an island.
fef
I've got a 128gb regular evo In a AVTN 8. Its usable... just for programs / OS.
Americunt detected
Dear /g/, should I buy another 270x for crossfire for 100/150 bucks or go full meme for a 970 or 290?
Crossfire for now. cheaper and performance wise there won't be too much difference. Get a 290 or what ever when prices drop.
I really hope this is bait, no one can be so cruel to recommend crossfire
What's wrong with Crossfire?
Crossfire is not bad when compared to SLI.
Works like shit. Some games don't work with it and ones that do often run badly. Microstutter and other problems. Alternative frame rendering introduces some frame time problems, meaning huge fps, but not smooth picture. Etc.Right now single card is always better for gaming. AMD says DX12 will fin everything, but I'll believe it when I see it.
What's the cheapest and less shit 290 or 970 around anon?
Who here using older phone with no plans of an upgrade in sight ? note 2 CM11 stock vzw unlimited 4G It just WERKsReport in
iPhone 5severything and more I wantedI might get the 6s when it gets cheap if it comes with 2gb ram but other than that no point
Lumia 520It just runs WP8.1 so nicely for being garbage by all accounts. I don't think I even want to risk WP10 on release just in case I can't revert. I'm not sure there's anything for me to get out of upgrading the OS or even the phone.
Galaxy S3 with CM11 and ridiculous aftermarket extd batteryI'm set for a couple of years. Making phone calls, sending texts, and mobile shitposting just don't require a lot of resources.
Note 3I love it. I probably won't be upgrading any time soon.
I've become somewhat paranoid over planned obsolescence. I still have a Samsung Galaxy SII, a Samsung Galaxy Tab, and my mom still has a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0.I upgraded to a Galaxy S4, which I sold and then got a Xperia Z3 Dual. Everything seems fine and dandy on lollipop.Back in the day, the SII was silky smooth on Ice Cream Sandwich/Jelly Bean, but the SIM contacts broke and I thought it was already time to change. Same could be said about the Galaxy Tab on Froyo/Gingerbread. The two still work, so one day I charged them and played around with them.Both were pretty slow, I thought "I haven't used them in a while, that's surely it" and continued using them for a week. They were still slow, so I looked up lightweight roms for both. Flashed SlimBean on the SII, CM[not sure] on the Tab.Same sluggish performance, somewhat improved on the SII, but still not what it used to be. Have my eyes deceived me all this time and I'm getting the "I remember this being much better... guess not." effect, or is this the jews' fault? Battery life was reduced, but reasonable.
iPhone 5, iOS 8.4oblt reason I won't upgrade to a 5s is security issues. Gf could unlock phone while I'm sleeping via my thumb, and if I'm arrested since my prints are "public" or some shit I have to unlock it.
you realize touch ID is optional and you have to set it up rightif you never set it up their is no finger recorded to unlock the phone
Xperia Z1, the only crappy thing about it is the battery life and that's the fault of the glorified Java emulator that is Android. Why do I need more than 2+ghz quad core and 2gb ram?
xperia z2 master race reporting
Galaxy Nexus owner. It's slow and sluggish and I've put it through hell, but I can't see myself switching any time soon. I grew up around people who had nothing, so it's made me appreciate the things I do have. Until I kill this thing, it's not going anywhere.
SGSIIInot the thinkpad of smartphones
Xperia UCM11 unofficialIt just werks
LG G2I'm a prepaid poorfag that doesn't need a 4x octa core phone with 128 gigs or RAM.
Jesus even I back in end of 2012 traded it for a note 2 It was a good phone at first but then 1-2hr sot on 4g and 1 GB ram started to shit the floor
Samsung Galaxy s4 Active. Awesome phone, waterproof, I should stock up on them
How long does the battery last?
Yes I know it's optional, but knowing my lazy ass I'd set it up and then people will snoop
Using it now still came off the charger at 9am yesterday morning 5-6 hr sot and about 18-24hr battery lifeI remember the battery died 2 yes to the day I got the phone Slapped a 10$ battery OEM new and its just like new for another 2 yrs I'm a bad goy
iPhone4Still just werks.5solder phone
galaxy 3 w 4.0.4everything runs quick n I get like 15 h screentime
These are NOT 'older phones'Getting there, but not old.Actual old phone bros.
I also have an HTC touch pro"running" windows mobile 6.1 and a half-complete androidDoes that even belong into old android phones?
That's weird, still using my galaxy s2 on PAC-MAN kitkat 4.4.4 rom because lollipop was too heavy on this thing and it works far better than stock rom
Pretty sure the Galaxy Tab P1000 had a close release date to the iPhone 4's, which you consider an old phone. The Galaxy SII was released ~10 months after the iPhone 4, I believe.They're the phones/tabletactually used it as a phone I'm referring to, not the S4 and Z3.
4sWerks flawlessly
Windows MobileI think you made it into Ancient tier along with S60, S80 and UIQ.
Rate my nokia comminicator 9000i
How's battery life on it?
Galaxy S was released in the same month as iPhone4.
x86/10
 Have Galaxy S5  touch screen is dodgy as fuck presses buttons by itself fucking put the phone in my pocket take it back out updating Android to Lollipop wtf  bored shitless over my work break the problem where it presses buttons by itself is now worst and I can't even scroll on the home screen without opening 8 appsfucking Samsung
Atrix HD 4.3
Talking about SII, not S, but I'd still consider the SII an "older" phone.
Should've bought an iPhone 6 like any other normally functioning person.
note 2 op here the only thing I will upgrade for is front facing stereo speakers IP78 water/dust proofremovable batterymicro sd card slot 7" screen 128GB -512GB internal storage 4-8GB ram Octo Core CPU intel x86CM15 w/e stock out the box and *runs concurrent Windows 10 x86 for 7" screen models turbo Galaxy W gib sex now
 buy iPhone  6 everything is shit can't customize shit apps are shite cause apple hates freedom each ios update makes your phone shitter requiring iTunes doesn't even play all formats fuck no I'd rather deal with samsung because shite than give my money to apple
Galaxy Nexus owner. It's slow and sluggish and I've put it through hell, but I can't see myself switching any time soon. I grew up around people who had nothing, so it's made me appreciate the things I do have. Until I kill this thing, it's not going anywhere.having gnexnot rooting and flashing custom ROMs
Iphone 4 is not old imo... I have a Galaxy S3 running CM 12.1
My HTC One S is still serving me well. Won't upgrade until it dies.
iPhone 3GSUsed an original iPhone up until last fall when it finally just died. I would've walked to the Apple store and bought a 6 plus but they were still sold out.  Looked around, picked up a practically new 3GS off eBay, and found it to perfectly fine. Though I would like to have the camera that the newer iPhone models have.
Note 2, using that Eclipse currynigger ROM from XDA because I need the S-Pen. Might try W10 when it comes out
The iPhone 4 is old as fuck. It came out at the same time as the Galaxy S. The Moto Droid was popular. There was only One Nexus. The iPad didn't exist yet. People have replaced iPhone 4s with phones that are old now.I also have a Galaxy S3 running CM 12.1
sgs2cm12.1tybg
still rocking the nexus 4, 5.1.1everything's still smooth. usb port broke so had to fix that. now the microphone doesn't work. might be time to upgrade 8gb of storage sucks ballslooking at the og htc one. any recs?
How good is CM12'1 on S3?
Don't do it. I upgraded to W10 on my 521 since I'm not using it anymore and it's incredibly buggy. Lags way too much to even function. Does look kinda nice though.
Well, it's beta so it's bound to be buggy.
Apple iPhone 6
Nexus 5
S6 Edge here
Moto /g/ 2013 3g model.OMNI ROM, KitKatT-Mobile $30 planDoes what I need it too, takes shitty pictures when needed, 16gb 13gb of memory is doable  to hold a music collection, hold a few apps, and photos, plays Nintendo DS games flawlessly, and of course a backup internet connection as a hotspot.  2 stuck pixels, and a little bit of light bleed though...  Hopefully holds me over, I don't wanna fork out money for a phone.
My e2530tfw no one wants to make flip-phones anymore
ATT S4 that waited for the contract to end so I could use on Tmo just to save money.But I'm probably going to buy the Note5 next month
a flip phone with a music player, 3G/wifi, and a decent browser is all i want. i don't need no apps.
Nexus 4
nobody makes flip phones anymore because they are stupid as fuck
lol no
explain to me how they are anything but full retarded in 2015inb4 I only use my phone to call people
Fuck you
real buttons so I can text without lookingscreen doesn't crack if droppedmost have SD card slots so they can play songsthey repel muggers
"waaah I cant play angry birds on a flip phone, the screen is too small for me to compensate for a small penis!"
Totally shit, two hours on screen time and maybe 10 hours without use. I'm thinking of buying one of those Chinese extended battery because original batteries are impossible to get and normal seized Chinese batteries are shit, I bought one once and the screen started to blink.
no need to lock because buttons are not exposed when not in use/in pocketNo large power-hungry screenbattery lasts for days to a weekcan wipe off screen without 'pressing' buttons/activating anythingcan navigate menus/dial without looking at keyscan actually dial by just pressing numbers - no need for menussmaller, fits in hand/pocket easilyjust flip closed to close any programs/end callfast because it's not bogged down by bloatstill has the same call quality because the limiting factor is network, not phonestill sends/receives textsvery resistant to damage dropped mine dozens of times, only slight scratch on corners
Great. Very stable and much, much faster than the newest touchwiz Kit Kat
Oh and:if the phone glitches and stops responding, just hold power to turn it off and restartor, REMOVE THE BATTERYcheap replaceable battery when it wears out
I'd rather use something that lasts for at least 20 hours on very light use.
Some of these things are not exclusive to flip phones or mandatory. I mean, you can easily make a flip phone running android, that has a touch screen display and a battery that cant be removed.A modern RazrV3 phone would be really great for me
real buttons so I can text without lookingimplying that you can't text without looking on a touch screenscreen doesn't crack if droppedmost phones aren't fragile as fuck, stop buying iphones and GS6smost have SD card slots so they can play songsthere are plenty of phones with sd card slots, anyways nowadays most phones have 64 gigs built inthey repel muggersso do any non iphone or samsung phonesno need to lock because buttons are not exposed when not in use/in pocketthe phone locks itself when you close it dumbassNo large power-hungry screenmost modern smartphones get better screen on time than some shitty flip phonebattery lasts for days to a weekdon't install anything or do anything other than calling people and you'll get a month out of a modern phone can wipe off screen without 'pressing' buttons/activating anythingturn off the screen dumbasscan navigate menus/dial without looking at keysyou can do that with smart phones too if you aren't some sort of a retarded niggercan actually dial by just pressing numbers - no need for menusset a dialer widget on your home screen. problem solved smaller, fits in hand/pocket easilyquit being a manletalso flip phones are almost always much thicker than other phonesjust flip closed to close any programs/end callpress power buttonapps go to sleepphone hangs upfast because it's not bogged down by bloatno they aren't, and you should be installing aosp roms anywaysstill has the same call quality because the limiting factor is network, not phonemost carriers have hd voice or voip services that sound 10000 times better than those shitty micsstill sends/receives textscan't send messages from desktopcan't tether to your laptop when on the go and get good speedsvery resistant to damage dropped mine dozens of times, only slight scratch on cornersnigga my friend drops my opo all the time and its perfectly fine
Motorola Droid 4 with latest nightly CM 12.1Battery's starting to show its age, though. But I don't want to abandon it because no one else has made such a godly slide-out QWERTY Android
Some of these things [...]True.  Actually a simple flip smartphone OS for wifi/web capability would be nice.  Keep the best form factor, with the added useful features.modern RazrOH FUCK YES!  The ONLY reason I don't use my KRZR anymore is because it doesn't take SIM cards, so I couldn't take it to my new carrier when the contract was over.  Fuck contracts, never again.  Still sitting on my dresser, collecting dust.
oh by here we go
if the phone glitches and stops responding, just hold power to turn it off and restartor, REMOVE THE BATTERYimplying that you can't do those on most smart phonesand you can crash any smart phone by holding the power buttoncheap replaceable battery when it wears outafter a year or so when you battery starts to show sign of age batteries are 10-30 a pop
You can also close it with a very satisfying sound or open it like zippo
dat post purchase rationalization
most modern smartphones get better screen on time than some shitty flip phonelol nodon't install anything or do anything other than calling people and you'll get a month out of a modern phone Then why the hell would I buy a "modern phone"?set a dialer widget on your home screen. problem solved You just said "don't install anything"Just accept that not everyone wants or needs smartphones.
Literally useless gimmick
Sgs III, extended battery and SlimKat. There is literally no need to upgrade.
get mad in a phone calldrop call with that satisfying flip phone closing soundCan't get that on a "modern phone"
That's it, now you have gone too far
the phone locks itself when you close it dumbassNo, it does not.  Open it and it's ready to go.  Only if you set it to will it lock automatically.turn off the screen dumbassIs this even possible?  I've only used smartphones a few times, never owned one.also flip phones are almost always much thicker than other phonesThe thickness isn't the problem.  My wallet is thicker than my phone.  It's the dimensions that are a problem.  Smartphones tend to be huge, and take up much more space.most carriers have hd voice or voip services that sound 10000 times better than those shitty micsOnly works if the person you're calling has it too.and you can crash any smart phone by holding the power buttonRealized this was a mistake the moment I posted it, I retract that point.
I still use an iPhone 3G as my work phone. That fucker lagged and was unresponsive already when I got it.
Note 3.It cost me ~$900. I'm not gonna upgrade until the hardware completely fails or is destroyed, only a fool would do that.
buys $900 phonecalls other fools
fast because it's not bogged down by bloatno they aren't, and you should be installing aosp roms anywaysneed to install custom ROMs to make phone usable and bloat freetopkek
lolnoimplyingThen why the hell would I buy a "modern phone"?anything made in the past 3-4 years You just said "don't install anything"a widget on the home screen isn't going to kill your battery, and its probably built into your phonewahh im too much of a poor fag to spend a couple hundred dollars once a year or two No, it does not. Open it and it's ready to go. Only if you set it to will it lock automatically.implying that you can't do that with smart phonesIs this even possible? I've only used smartphones a few times, never owned one.you seriously cant be that retard... oh wait you still want to use a fucking flip phone in 2015Only works if the person you're calling has it too.literally every carrier in the us has that shit.it's been around for years Realized this was a mistake the moment I posted it, I retract that point.retract yourself from the gene pool while your at itimplying that even the bloatiest of phones aren't faster than a flip phone
Schlomo, shouldnt you be in a gas chamber right now?
NSA shill is going full blast.
needing to buy a phone every couple of yearslelimplying that even the bloatiest of phones aren't faster than a flip phoneFaster in what? Sending an SMS? Making a phone call? Playing music? toplelNo, it does not. Open it and it's ready to go. Only if you set it to will it lock automatically.implying that you can't do that with smart phonesyou can close a glass slabtopkekAccept that not everyone has the same use case as you.
planning of getting note 3 soon gonna install CM11 on it
Let's try to bring this back up the pyramid, shall we?literally every carrier in the us has that shit.Not from the US, so I wouldn't know.  Canadian carriers like to milk every last cent while giving nothing in return.implying that you can't do that with smart phonesIf you do, it may dial numbers while in your pocket.  Not an issue with flip phones because the keypad is disabled and inaccessible while closed.
you could have at least bought an iPhone 4, 165ppi is beyond disgusting
please tell me you're at least using whited00r
I appreciate your effort, no matter how misguided it is
Nexus 5, £15/month, 4G, unlimited data.Unless a model comes out with really significantly better battery life say three times, I'm set.
I've got a gnex but I don't think I can take it any more, I think I'll pick up a Z3 next week.
Used an original iPhoneYou could probably sell that off on eBay for 300% the original price
If you do, it may dial numbers while in your pocket. Not an issue with flip phones because the keypad is disabled and inaccessible while closed.or you could just hit the power button or double tap status bar before you put your phone in your pocket
Galaxy s6 here. It already feels so old...
15/monunlimited dataThat must be nice.  Come to Canada and enjoy being raped for data.  Up to $105 for 20GB, then $5/GB from that point on.
 used a Blackberry 8820 since 2007 upgraded to a Q10 this year, had to fix a lot of shit on the Q10will reuse the Blackberry 8820 for professional calls and mails with a new SIM
power button gets hit while in pocketphone unlocks screen controlsphone dials numberYou see where I'm going with this?  Unless the phone's ability to dial is disabled, it can and likely will happen eventually.
moto /g/ 1st gen lte cm12
That's cute. Germany:50€ for 1.5gb5€ for each 250mb afterwards
all these faggots posting barely a year or so old phonesStop this.
Motorola Droid 2Unlimited 3G for the life of the phone.Physical keyboard for life.
What are you on about?  Any custom LP ROM is slow and sluggish.
nice to see another Moto Droid brothough i'm honestly surprised you're using an even older one than my 4
$75 for 1.5GB$7.50 per 250MBNote to self:  Autobahn is not worth it, never go to Germany.
implying that you will ever accidentally activate this tiny ass buttonalso pretty much all phones use the prox sensor too so even if you did the prox sensor wouldn't let it turn on
It's unfortunately seeming like it's starting to near the end of its usable life... I've replaced the keyboard on it once already but it's really really slow nowadays...Are there any modern Verizon phones with physical keyboards?
there aren't any modern phones with physical keyboards, periodthe only real option is buying a GS3, GS4, GS5, or GS6 and getting one of those slide-out bluetooth keyboard cases
64gb iPhone 5Only thing that's degraded is battery life but I'm always near a charger so #yoloMight try and grab a 6s if they're alluring enough, if not I'll hold out for the 7
Before I picked up a One M8 last year I had an HTC Evo 3D for three or four years battery was shitgimmicky camera killed the batterygames killed the batterydata killed the batteryriced the heck outta it all the time after discovering /w/played engrishy anime girl games only with the phone plugged into the walltfw my first smartphone and I still loved that phone until it's dying breath
I'm using a Galaxy Ace 2 that's still on gingerbread.I do really want to upgrade though, I'm sick of this slow piece of shit.
How good is the keyboard on this thing
I'm using a Lumia 520 and I fail to see what you people see in these toyphones. I used it to read books and sometimes look something up online, other than that it's like a normal phone to me.
was using a samsung galaxy s until last week.it was slow, outdated and more of a bother than a help.Switched to a Lumia 640 and not looking back.
I personally remember the SII having terrible scrolling on GB and other annoying quirks and lag, this was mostly fixed on the ICS builds. The performance never really changed from then to now, androids have definitely gotten zippier over the years.
I have an S5 and this doesn't happen to me? Mines about a year old and is still as silky smooth as it was originally. No qualms except got the fact that it gets hot as fuck.
presses buttons by itselfThe digitizer is faulty, get it repaired/replaced under warranty you fucking retard.
Galaxy S5, its not exactly "older", but I got it right as the price dropped because of the S6 release and I'll probably keep it for a few years.
Moto g first gen, works fine. Main problem is lack of storage but I get by.
Xperia X10 mini reporting
Is 5S considered old? Im loving this thing and dont see myself buying something new for a while.
Nokia n95Been using it since 2009Using opera mini for browsingBattery still lasts a weekGot 20gb of music on itJust werks :^
Xperia T 2012CM12.1Justwerks.jpgmfw I got it for free because my '11 Xperia's mobo was faultyLooking at you moto, in a year or so
my dad has it.everytime i use it i wanna steal it from the motherfucker and use it for my own.such a comfy phone
LG G2. There's still only a handful of phones faster.
The only downsides is the wifi antenna isnt that powerful, i like everything else
I intended it as a temporary stopgap. Plus the 4 uses a micro SIM, so I'd have to pick up the tool to chop it down.According to the website it only supports up to the 3.$1500? sweet! I even got the original packaging and gift-box Apple offered with it.
xperia so, not that old but no longer supportedcurrently on cm 12.1, stock was jelly bean 4.3
soit's sp of course
S2Not going to get a new one until it literally is impossible to use. Then I'll buy whatever is THE best phone I can get for money.
kek i still have my note 1 and still just werks.. currently using muh lg g2 though
regularly getting mad on the phone
Galaxy S3 non-LTE reporting in
LolBoy = cell phone industryMan = you
The Galaxy S5 isn't quite "old" yet, but I know I'm /never/ upgrading to the S6 or any phone like it.
implyingIt's that rare moment, man
Nokia nuron reporting in I've had this phone for 7 years I think
Where is your chain?
I used an LG Optimus V until this year when I finally upgraded to a Galaxy S3.It's a shame really because the Optimus V buttons were almost perfect for gaming, I mapped the dpad to the four buttons along the top edge and anything else to the face buttons. Played so much Streets of Rage 3/Final Fantasy Tactics Advance/Pokemon Emerald/Super Mario Kart on that thing
S4 here I hope to use of for another 2-3 yes at least
Galaxy S2 on latest compiled 4.1.2 with some tweaks and undervolted kernel. Will last for 2 years more.
HTC One X+Still looks like new except for a few small scratches in the camera lens. Only complaint is that fucking Visa hasn't approved it for NFC payments and I can't pay with my phone.
go to bedwake upall these fuckers still posting their barely year-old phonesthe iphone 5s is not an 'old' phone by any means, holy shit. it certainly still has support by AppleIncredible. The backlight is nice, it's slightly waterproof, the slight click when you press a button is really satisfying, and my WPM is insane. It breaks my heart they discontinued the Droid line.
S4 9505 here but thinking of getting a note 3 and giving this to my gf
the S4 is by no means an old phone
I've a Note 2, been meaning to upgrade for a while now but there's nothing new that's really making me want to bother.
I know its not. I'm pretty happy with it except the piss poor SoT.Only reason I'm looking is because I'm thinking of giving the s4 to my gf.
Galaxy S2. The charging port is somewhat flaky. I use it just for the phone and for very light browsing so I have no need to upgrade yet.
IPhone 4/ galaxy nexus /S II Is the beginning of old Its been what 4-5 years already
yup, can call, text/facebook, mail, music, and some other apps.
Something like that. I'm just baffled by all these people crying about their phones being 'old' when I'm perfectly content with my CM 12.1 Moto Droid 4 which came out in fucking January 2012
Note 2 all stockjust werks
Moto X 2013 Just werks on Lawlipop 5.1
Fucking loved my N95, solid little bastard.Still using my N900 in the Car as a cheap device to stream bluetooth music through the headunit.
this thread is for old phones, retard
It's still very usable, I had it for 2 months last year and I was able to do everything I wanted.
Using a xperia M on JB riced with z3 theme.Still getting app updates so is quite nice.
anyone know of any half decent FOSS smartphones? android is nice, but muh privacy and muh OSS
Just changed to Nokia X with Play Store and rooted. My S3 are now my media player.
It's really old if I right, how well does CM work there?
/r/gentoo getting blown the heck out
who /xperia sp/ here?
Hows the One M8 ? Considering getting one myself
18 HOURS LATER THIS FAGS THREAD IS STILL ACTIVEMODS REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I have a Galaxy s4, is it worth upgrading to a Note 4? I want to grab one of the last beasts with a microsd, expandable battery, of the note line, before they change it up.
Galaxy s3No case entire phone lifespan, battery cover busted to hell/falling offPhone battery lasts like 4-5 hours.Still not sure if I'm going to fix it or replace it.  Honestly I have no real use for a better phone, I'm pretty overequipped with my GS3 alone.  I felt if I bought a new phone it would be a budget model not really all that far away from the GSIII in features...
Xperia SCyanogenmod 12.1replaced batteryGonna get some failing parts repaired soon
I got a Galaxy S4 and installed Cyanogenmod latest version for this phone, and I find it's unstable as fuck, most apps just crash repeatedly on it and the camera sometimes takes like 10 seconds to respond with a frozen image. Is there any way I can just install V A N I L L A Android straight from Google without any sort of bloatware? Why isn't this an option like with operating systems with computers?
Literally AOSP
Flash your S4 to the Google Play Edition ROM
Will this give me the very latest Android version?
Great idea OP. Let me just not bother getting a year old flagship, ie my g3, for $0 + $40 activation with a 2 year contract every 2 years when I plan on staying with the carrier for the foreseeable future.
Install Euphoria OS. I'm running it on my Galaxy S4 i9505. Very stable.
Aka Mahdi ROM..
I love it, except HTC kind of screwed up their camera app since releasing the M9. It's a really reliable and pretty beautiful phone, plus, if you're by yourself, you can put the phone really close to your face and the two speakers feel like surround sound. I haven't rooted it yet but I plan to when the firmware becomes a little more dated.
I'm interested in this one since it's the most vanilla version available. Will this work on the T-Mobile model? It shows as SGH-M919, but this guide says it's for model i9505.
I was using a shitty Samsung Galaxy Indulge from Metro Piece of Shit since late 2011 that got around 5 hours battery life on standby. I would still be using said piece of shit if Metro didn't force everybody to upgrade phones which made me drop their asses and pretty much forced me to buy a new phone.
Moto g republic wireless
2013 moto x, still awesome.
Any decent flip phones with SD card support and 3G/wifi + decent browser?
Does not compute. Maybe whatever the latest model of the Blackberry Pearl was.
Lenovo released one in China, shame it's Android
nokia n9 master race herefucking love this phone but batteray life is horrible now. i think it's time to move on. i am considering buying blackberry q10 or lumia 640. which one should i buy?or any better recommendation with same price range
z3 falls off table 1 foot or so hightiny fracture in cornertouch screen no longer worksback to the iphone 4s for right now I guess :^
Got a galaxy s3 and see no reason why I should upgrade.
ITT a lot of smart mutherfuckers using tech till it dies.
Another drop in the bucket for Samsung Galaxy SII. I've been using an S2 since release with a series of ROM's along the way but about half a year ago my original S2 bricked while camping and a friend offered me their old S2 as a temporary replacement.My S2 was smooth & had decent battery life; this S2 hardly functions. I'm grateful for it but it's been treated terribly it is very laggy, screen bottom right corner doesn't respond to touch and front facing camera lens has so much dust on it you can hardly see anything through the camera, the GPS is always wrong and the battery life is terrible.The plan was to wait for the Galaxy Note 5 and have a look but I'm travelling soon and need something reliable before then so I might buy a Note 4.
Motorola Droid RAZR M.Not Maxx, just M. Had for three and a half years now. No plans to upgrade just yet, though battery life is starting to go a little.
summerfag get out
Can you please shut the fuck up?
STILL using the Original Droid A855 Droid 1.Not the Droid M, Not the Droid Maxx, the ORIGINAL DROID.  I think I'm up to like CM6 Android 4/ICS now though.  On VZW Unlimited.  Also on like my 4th or 5th battery.  Current one is some chink 2400mAh flushfit and it's doing great, stock was a 1420mAh that always blew massive dick on battery life even with an undervolt custom ROM.  Normally get about 8 solid hours of usage out of it or a good 3 days of light calling not fucking around on the web.That slide-out keyboard is great, I really do miss hardware keyboards on more modern stuff.  The D-pad is...weak.  Could've gone for a full-length keyboard and done away with the D-pad.
Im using a 2013 moto X and I don't plan on upgrading until this thing dies4.7 inch screennifty things with the moto x commandsjust werksThe only thing I hate about it is the piss yellow amoled screen on it.
tfw no BB Pearl Flip with BB10
Nexus 5, still on 4.4, using an old paranoid rom even though the team's defunct. No case, dirty, and scratched. I stopped using it for eyecandy and began only using it for browsing the internet and music on the go.
What does /g/ think of this phone?
positive emotions
I've always wondered wether that version overheated more than the regular one or not
I think that it's not a Note 5.
you'd be correct
I think it's meme phone trash with no redeeming values
That's not a One Plus or an Asus phone
I think it's good, it will heat up if you play games on it
At least one plus has stock OS
Has heat issues, touchscreen issues, buttons are in an awful place, and if you get a carrier locked version it has a bunch of features removed.
I enjoy it more than when I got my s3 3 years.Would enjoy it much more if there was a root method foradaway and xposed.
Went from a GNex to it. Night and day difference. I love it but YouTube gets choppy after it heats up
Turn off google now from any screen.It was draining my battery and heating it up badly.I can watch 1hr+ showsHappy Together on youtube now in HD without it heating up at all.
I have a G3 it gets pretty hot but I don't mind, its a  huge step up from my Iphone 4 I had for 3 years. The phone is great. I would think the G4 is better than the 3
shallow and pedantic
I think the leather stuff is just corny.
The leather is pretty stupid looking. But if its like the g3 it'll be worth it.
there's a plastic back
Bought one, don't regret it.
It's an Android phone. Buy one, use it 12 months, get another Think it's affordable quality and superior OSBe delusional forever
Isn't that the same for EVERY phone, you iFag.
No. People happily use iPhones for 3+ years. I have iPhone 5. It was pricey, but I don't even think of upgrading to 6 or even 7 for some time.Why would I? It works flawlessly, its optimized with its newest OS, updated and it just does its job, even the most complex things.I imagine even 4s is something like that, but that one has an old processor somewhat. It could still be more than useful tho.
Not sure whether or I should get this or wait till the next version of the Nexus 5 comes out which I think is also going to be made by LG. I'm coming from an S4, btw.
Not to mention those super cool pics and dat design.
look at my iPhonehad it for 3 years nowall that screams is that your iPhone cost all those pennies you saved to buy it and now you're a poorfag.
That's like the worst argument ever. The only devices I got attached to because I had them over the years and I emotionally care about them are Sony and Apple devices.Idk why hate Apple despite arguments by its users not to do so, they are of great quality on the market. Id never pay for a Mac, but those iPod classics 120 gb and iPhones are good stuffiPods will last forever I think. you can get a used one like I did for a year ago for 100 bucksSurely better than some trashy plastic deviceSony makes Playstations and also good mp3 players. The best stuff tbh
Dude s4 is a great phone to not be able to wait for something.You could wait for a year and still be well off a new phone tbh but as you wish. I suggest you wait
What does /g/ think of this phone?Only cucks buy it
Oneplus is probably the second best android phone after nexus phones. Read something before you lose more of your gray matter.
Oh yeah, I love my S4 and definitely don't feel rushed to upgrade. Being on Lollipop now makes being able to wait better, too. I really just want something with stock Android next time or as close as I can get to it, which is why I'm waiting to see what happens with the Nexus series.
help me pimp my pc /g/
first step: [spoiler]install gentoo[/spoiler]
step #1R9 270Xthe end.
We are practically buddies. Whats that ram configuration though?Also do what  says. I might do the same although maybe grab a 280x used for cheaper.
Is there a good image processing library for Python?What I want to do isn't too complicated, hopefully. I want to input a simple map or building blueprint, and use this library to automatically detect obstacles; by placing vertices around said obstacles, for example.Pic related. The map can be extremely basic if need be.
image processingThis does not mean what you think it does. What you're looking for is edge detection.
openCV should have everything you need for this. What you want is a corner detector, or an edge detector there are a few different methods of implementing both.
Thanks.
, 
How do I fix this prolblem. Any help would be useful, even if you give me the correct terms how to google this problem. I have already updated my driver.
bump
bump
Read the sticky and then GTFO.
Hey, anybody know a good way to use a keylogger? I've read up on them, and they seem useful for if anyone uses my computer without me knowing. I just can't seem to find any software for it. Pic 60% unrelated.
you aren't on linux then install gentoo faggot
consider log files?

Get rid of that angsty tumblr shit on the bottom. Also, why are they always in all caps and unfunny?
1990's tech companies that need to disappear alreadyI'll start
and why do they need to disappear?
they got rich of CDMA and it's royalties/licensing.Snapdragon is a failure.
It's hilarious watching Qualcomm implode. They had a near monopoly on android SoCs but they hate linux and open source so they continously focus on trying to get windows onto ARM.If they had have made the slightest effort to be more open they would have become the default ARM cpu for linux based systems. They had such amazing luck with the snapdragon S4 being faster than the stock ARM core but less power hungry than the ARM A15. Then they blew it all by trying to drag too many years out of the design and being dicks to everyone possible.
gentooimplying it's harder than actually trying to setup basiclinux, a very tiny 486 slackware kernel with absolutely nothing and requires messing around with a lot of shit and weeks of transferring floppiespucker up you kiddos.
, 
Hey /g/ I moved my PC today and long story short the two closest pins in my 8 pin power cord were pulled out. Is there anything I can do about this or should I just order a new cable?
You might be able to remove the pins inside the connector, reattach them, then insert the pins back into the connector.But unless you're ABSOLUTELY SURE which cables go to which pin, it's much better to just get a new cable.
I just kinda pushed it back in, also the bottom left pin has no metal connector in it, is that normal?Based on how the cord bends I'm pretty sure it's in the right order. If I try to use this will this shit catch on fire?As always thanks for the help /g/
this
what cheap ass cable is that? I expect it was bundled with your cheap ass PSU,also,fat legs
The stock cx750m cables, also bad angle
Alright wish me luck /g/
How the fuck do you pull those cables by moving the entire PC?Did you grab your PC by the GPU you apelord?
Best AM3+ MB for ~60 USD?

Nothing you get for $60 is anything I would trust to run a high power FX 8 core CPU. Cheapest I would ever consider would be the Gigabyte GA-970A-UD3P.That being said, if you're buying into a platform, skip AMD until they release Zen. Intel beats them at pretty much every level except the X4 860k on FM2+ is a decent purchase.
So what you're saying is either switch to an 860k or wait until next gen chipset? Can you suggest any Intel options at around the same price point? Thanks.
They literally don't.Intel cannot compete with them on performance/dollar any price point.On a budget, AMD is always the way to go.
So , any suggestions? 
When you factor in expensive motherboards due to power delivery issues and a minimum $35 for an aftermarket cooler, again related due to their high power usage and shit stock coolers, Intel platforms beat AMD platforms and can do it cheaper. An i3-4160 + h81 motherboard + stock cooler is $160 and beats the pants off of even an FX-8350 + GA-970A-UD3P + 212 Evo in games, yet costs less than an FX-6300 + MoBo + Cooler. Hell, an i5-4460 $175 + h81 mobo $45 + stock cooler $0 is cheaper than the FX-8 core CPUs $135 minimum + $85 minimum Mobo GA-970A-UD3p + 35$ cooler and stomps it in everything except rendering/editing.The bottom line is you can pair Intel consumer CPUs on LGA1150 with cheap motherboards because no LGA1150 CPU draws more than 80W of power unless you add in overclocking or power draw from the iGPU. FX-6300 starts at 90W and FX-8320s start at 120W+, meaning that you have to get beefy motherboards and aftermarket cooling for the platform. CPUs don't exist in a vacuum. You have to deal with the whole platform cost.In gaming, Intel wins and is cheaper, and in professional workloads like editing/rendering, Intel wins too once you hit the Xeon E3 1231 $235 + h97 MoBo $60 + stock cooler $0 so $295 for the platform, which by the way is the around the same price as, yet much better than the cheapest FX-8350 platform $165 CPU + $85 MoBo + $35 Cooler = $285. Again, the E3 1231 V3 beats the FX-8350 in both single AND multi-threaded workloads.The X4 860k is the only compelling value argument AMD has to make, unless you're talking a professional workload of multi-threaded performance only and then an FX-8320 can do better than Intel's offerings at that price point, until you get to the Xeon E3 1231 V3 and then Intel just wins in every category. Just wait for Zen and AMD owners should have much more to be happy about. I'm looking forward to it.
Cheapest i3 build:PCPartPicker part list: Intel Core i3-4160 3.6GHz Dual-Core Processor $112.99 @ SuperBiiz Motherboard: Gigabyte GA-H81M-S1 Micro ATX LGA1150 Motherboard $34.99 @ SuperBiiz Total: $147.98Cheapest i5 build:PCPartPicker part list: Intel Core i5-4460 3.2GHz Quad-Core Processor $176.95 @ SuperBiiz Motherboard: Gigabyte GA-H81M-S1 Micro ATX LGA1150 Motherboard $34.99 @ SuperBiiz Total: $211.94i5 Build I would aim for:PCPartPicker part list: Intel Core i5-4460 3.2GHz Quad-Core Processor $176.95 @ SuperBiiz Motherboard: ASRock B85 Anniversary ATX LGA1150 Motherboard $56.98 @ Newegg Total: $233.93Note: in all cases stock coolers are included and perfectly fine as these are all low power chips. That's also why you can get away with cheaper motherboards, and if you're this stretched for cash, there's no way you'll need the extra functionality of the more expensive motherboards. Overclocking? These are locked CPUs. Dual GPUs? No way on this budget. Only 2 DIMMs? I doubt you'll ever exceed 16GB of memory. Ugly? Well, you got me there. You can pay more for looks if you want to.
Damn, Zens supposed release is 2016-17 though? That's a while to wait mang.
Is there any concern with the 4160 and gaming, considering it's only dual core ?
part list: breakdown by merchant: Intel Core i5-4460 3.2GHz Quad-Core Processor $176.95 @ SuperBiiz Motherboard: Gigabyte GA-H81M-S1 Micro ATX LGA1150 Motherboard $34.99 @ SuperBiiz Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws X Series 8GB 1 x 8GB DDR3-1600 Memory $45.99 @ Newegg Storage: Seagate Barracuda 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive $48.89 @ OutletPC Video Card: Gigabyte Radeon R9 280X 3GB Video Card $160.00 Case: NZXT Source 210 Black ATX Mid Tower Case $34.99 @ SuperBiiz Power Supply: Corsair Builder 500W 80+ Bronze Certified ATX Power Supply $25.00 @ Newegg Total: $526.81Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when availableGenerated by PCPartPicker 2015-07-24 02:24 EDT-0400
Save your money and buy the 8350.
Thanks dude, appreciate the help. You have swayed me to the Intel side.
The 4160 has hyper threading, and so Windows will see it as a "real" 4 core even though it isn't. The downside is that it's multi-threaded performance is NOT the same as a real 4 core, so it will struggle in highly multi-threaded games like BF4. BF4 is an especially popular game that AMD shills like to trot out due to it favoring multi-threaded performance more than pretty much any other game ever. An i5 is really ideal as it has both the single and multi-threaded performance to avoid bottlenecks in games, whereas an i3 can play most games well. I don't mean to bash AMD CPUs too hard, because they can play most games well too, it's just the games the can't play well are extremely popular like Emulators, Blizzard games, Skyrim especially with mods, MMOs from WoW to Planetside, and pretty much anything that isn't a console port. All of these will perform better on an i3 than an FX-8320, but really BF4 is the primary game that plays better on the FX line than an i3.
Is there anything between the 4160 and the 4460 that you would recommend, or should I just stick with the 4460?
2005+10actually thinking of installing an AMD productever
I'm sorry :
Pretty much nothing in between. There are more expensive i3s, but you're paying for a better iGPU which doesn't matter to us. The i5-4460 is the cheapest platform that can play every game in existence well without bottlenecking.Also, when I said the GA-970A-UD3p was the cheapest I'd recommend for FX-8 core CPUs, that did not include the FX-6300. I would be willing to use something cheaper for that, but I'd still want an aftermarket cooler so the difference in price for the platform would be negligible.
I'm worried about the fact that I'm paying more for my CPU than my GPU though, I mean a 280x is worth way more than I'm paying for it so I guess it does make sense.
I would consider an i5-4460 + R9 280 not even the X a good sweet spot that can play basically every game well at 1080p, only having to turn some settings down on the most demanding games. Besides, the CPU usually goes through several GPUs throughout its lifespan, so as long as the GPU is a good buy and enough to play every game you want to, you'll definitely get better longevity with the i5 over the i3.
Yeah the only reason I included the 280x is because for some reason they go for the same price as 280s on eBay. Weird but if I can get a better card for the same price, sure.
Also, what client do you recommend?
have something worth sharing.post it on torrent sitesthat easy
windowsQbittorrent
viralThis isn't dank memes, torrents don't go viral. If it's good content then people will choose to download it which happens to accumulate large numbers. That's it.Also Tixati is nice.
this
mah niggaz
qBMoved ever since the miner scandal.like it was a good idea too, considering this.class="quote"The anti-virus scans associate the uTorrent.exe file with Trojan.Win32.Generic!BT and the controversial OpenCandy bundling software.OpenCandyclass="quote"OpenCandy is an installer which bundles legitimate applications with offers for additional third party applications that may be unwanted by the user. Such third party applications are typically installed onto users’ computers by default, but may include an option to ‘opt-out’ during or after the installation process.
Thanks for your input guys. I will try Qbittorrent.
i still use 2.2.1, only an idiot would use the diseased bloat they shit out now
, 
any of you guys using a first gen  2006 macbook pro these days? how well does it hold running just basic programs? i got one for cheap and i plan on using it just as a media machine and some Djing...
Define "cheap"
100 dolaridos shipped.

some ass instead
Being this new/reddit/
Rose, nigg. Reee, and whatnot.
What's a really good tech gift for around $50? Have a few friends birthdays coming up, interested in what /g/ has to say about the matter.
amazon gift card
A card with $50 inside/thread
Bluetooth headphones. You can get them for like $25 and they are a fantastic and convenient thing to have.
Clean install or upgrade?Leaning towards clean install, because... why not?How about you guys?
what the fuck.clean install.
Clean. Always clean
Would a clean install help with an issue i got when i turn my computer on?
Clean. Always clean anon.
win10I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you’re referring to as Windows, is in fact, NSA/Windows, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, NSA plus Windows. Windows is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another expenseive component of a fully functioning Spy system made useful by the NSA core-spyware, reverse shell utilities and vital keylogging components comprising a full botnet as defined by Gen. J. Clapper.Many computer users run a modified version of the botnet system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of spyware which is widely used today is often called “Windows”, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the NSA system, developed by the NSA. There really is a Windows, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use.Windows is the cover: the program in the system that hides the spying resources from the other programs that you run. The cover is an essential part of a botnet, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete botnet. Windows is normally used in combination with the NSA spyware: the whole system is basically botnet with Windows added, or NSA/Windows. All the so-called “Windows” versions are really versions of NSA/Windows.
I'm always happy to help my government.
They give an option for clean install? I thought our reserved copies would be in the from of a Windows update esque thing
You can clean install on the same machine that the upgrade was offered on.This is why they make you sign into the Microsoft botnet to get the free upgrade on the Insider Preview, because it is now tied to your account with MS.
Always. Clean. Install.You can clean install on any machine.And toolkit will activate it.
How much of a hassle are the cracked versions of W10 RTM? I have a legit version of 8.1 but want to clean install.
First, upgrade over your legit copy.Then, as /g/ has told me, the legit key gets logged in with MS as your legit key for win 10 as well.after that you can clean install and use the win 8.1 legit key to activate your clean-installed win 10.
Wrong. I've never tied any Windows 10 preview build or the 10240 build to my Microsoft accounts and did an upgrade install of the 10240 build on top of Windows 7 Pro the other day also never linked to my Microsoft account, ever and then did a clean install.It's on Dell OEM hardware so that might have something to do with it but since I bought it used again it was never tied to my Microsoft account, ever.You never ever have to sign into a Microsoft account or tie such an account with Windows.At least not yet.
Keys are NOT REQUIRED for installation of the OS. Since it's free the process is simple:- do an upgrade to Windows 10 on top of 7, 8, or 8.1- once you've done that, the hardware fingerprint is then stored on Microsoft's servers, NOT THE KEY, and that's what is used to activate Windows 10 from that point on- wipe machine, do clean install of Windows 10 WITHOUT PUTTING IN ANY KEY WHATSOEVER- get online, wham bam, it's activated as soon as it contacts MicrosoftNo Microsoft account needed, no Windows 10 product key needed either.I've done this dozens of times so far in the past week, not once was any product key ever needed or entered, nor was any Microsoft account used in the processes.
Can I install the rtm build and follow this process?
Of course, that's what 10240 is. There will be no further builds released my Microsoft past last week with 10240, all we'll get from now on will be patches and updates but not full blown builds aka new ISOs or ESDs.Windows 10 is "done" in that sense, they have sent out the 10240 build to OEMs as their RTM build and that's that.On July 29th we're not going to see some brand new build released, that's not how it works. It'll be 10240 just like it is right now.
How do i activate win 10-10240?toolkit 2.5.3 crashes.
Microsoft gives the fucking OS away completely free of monetary coststupid fucking people still want to hack/crack/pirate bullshitstupid fucking people will be the death of us all
It seems that using daz loader  on win7 and upgrading to win10 works.Why you want to crack  it if you can have it legit for free.
free of monetary costyes, stupid fucking people WILL be the death of us all.you need to have a valid windows 7/8/8.1/10 key to have a legit windows.valid as in genuine key bought from MSlegit as in being able to receive all future updates.
i had 32 bit win 7, downloaded 64 bit win 10-10240.win 10 won't upgrade win 7clean installed win 10.don't have any key.and that's why i want to crack it.
HahaYou are a hoboYou are a poor mother fuckerNot buying what you use No FOSSBeing a faggot pirateRisking your data to pirated programsFuck off and get a job.
open CMD as Adminslmgr /ipk W269N-WFGWX-YVC9B-4J6C9-T83GXslmgr /skms kms.xspace.inslmgr /atoworked for me, pro edition
Clean install. Even after little to no use not doing a clean install of Windows feels so wrong.
hobopoor motherfuckernot buying what you usefaggot piratesure.risking your datatell me again how your OS doesn't steal your data.thanks, i'll try this and report back.
thanks man.win 10 build 10240 activated.
capitalist brainwashingmust pay for everythingnothing can be free
Clean. Debloats everything you fucked around with.
Tell me again how your pirated anything OS doesn't send your data to Microshill and third party data pirates.Nothing you can say is going to justify how buying software that I use a lot While utilization of FOSS where I can makes me at anyway, lesser then you as a person.ScumFuck off and pirate yourself a better life.Kill yourself if you can afford to the blades to cut your wrist, or the book to educate you how. Oh wait, pirated PDFs. Do it.
Paying for drm contentAre you legally retarded?
Reporting this key to MS. Enjoy getting de-activated on the next update.
reportingYou must be over 18 to use 4chan, retard.
No, but breaking copyright laws and not abusing the computer and abuse act of obtaining said software, is what I am aiming to do.Prison or a fine is in no way worth getting to prove a point about "freedom".
Goodnight.
kek
Question; do you use windows?
I did an upgrade and it feels like a clean install.Why don't you try an upgrade first and wait for the dust to settle before wasting your time reinstalling everything?Alternatively you can run sfc/scannow before upgrading so that your OS is as fresh as it would be a clean install and then upgrade if you're really concerned about it.But I upgraded from a year old 8.1 installation to a technical preview and found it to be a lot snappier than 8.1 despite being beta and an upgrade installation.Its only gotten better as we reached RTM.
why are you assblasted?enjoy your money faggot.let me pirate everything i can coz guess what? I am not in the US.I'd like to see MS send FBI to my house halfway around the world.like they don't already know. they have people on the payroll for catching this kind of shit, you know.you must be over 18 to use 4chan, retard.:-never in my 15 years of computing have I ever cared about where the key came from.As long as it unlocks the OS, it's fine with me.
What are daz cracksYou're a special kind of stupid aren't you? You know Daz cracks work with windows 10 right?
Can I use windows 7 32 bit that I got with my laptop to upgrade to win10 64 bit?
Torrent it. Just torrent it, seriously.
Unrelated but does the format option in Windows setup do a full or quick format? It just asks yes or no and I have an ssd so I need to do the quick
i only use this for my test maschine, will using my Win 8.1 paid key for Win 10 update
upgrade? no!tried it last night, didn't work out.had to clean install.32 bit can only be upgraded to 32 bit
Say that when MS Indians fuck all your public keys poorfags.
I want it to update, seriously.That is quite a shame.
windows format options went to shit after windows xp.but it will do the job. can't say much about SSD formatting, though, never tried it.as quickly as possibleMS Indiansas quickly as possibletell me when to stop laughing.
I did an upgrade from Windows 7 to Windows 8 when it came out.No issues since then. Currently on Windows 8.1, already reserved Windows 10.
Raj it's already tracking your fat ass faggot.
LMAO, my name is Raj.I don't work for Microsoft though.
all these degenerate 14 year old pirates trying to pirate a free OSheh, how low can you go
Do you happen to be an astrophysicist? And do you know someone named Sheldon?
tracking that 1, single, solitary key which THOUSANDS have used to activate their windows machines.Rajkoothrapalli is rich enough to buy iMacs and macbook pros. why would he even care about windows?
Does this  answers your question?
free OSnot exactly.Key needs to be bought.iso of the OS is freely available.
Hello /g/.I am rather new to PC building, and I was doing a lot of research a few months ago.I have finally decided to build a PC, mainly for gaming and programming.I don't play too many crazy games, just LoL and CSGO, and I would like to be able to try some games such as H1Z1 at a play able FPS 60 hertz monitor is what I got, so 60 FPS preferred.The big question is, AMD or Intel? AMD seems like the budget way to go but I heard on Reddit that Intel blows AMD away even at lower end CPUs.I have about $700 to spend. $800 MAX if I have to.
0/10
Not sure if you think I am trying to be a troll, but I am not. Just looking for someone nice to help me out.
Amd forfirst build. Advice doesn't belong in g
I've never drank soda before should I first try coke or pepsi?Compare components, not brands.
ask in the stupid questions thread, dont make your owngaming depends mostly on gpu, and your games dont even require a good gpu. you dont need to spend more than ~500 on this.for cpu it doesnt matter id say go pentium g3258, which is very overclockable depending on mobo, the amd counterpart is x4 860k, both are very cheap but very good cpus.for gpu either go for the outdated 750ti or radeon 270/370
thisAlso you need aftermarket cooling system if your going to be overclocking.Everyone recommends the 212 Evo because its amazing for its price and is good for moderate overclocks. Since the cpus are so inexpensive it would kind of defeat the purpose of buying a heavy duty fan or water cooling system that could be twice the cost of the cpu, so you may have to settle at what ever temps the 212 gives you which shouldn't be too bad.
Hey men... My Motorola moto G should have 8 GB of space, but I can use only 5,56... What is the problem?!?!
556GB usable on an 8GB flashdriveWhat is this magic?
Operating System files and pre-installed apps. Please leave and learn how to fucking type.
MotorolaAndroidThere is your problem :^]
They use a comma in place of a period and vice versa in many European countries.
Welcome to this English-speaking image board where we use English-speaking conventions.Of course I know that he's just some Eurocuck. I'm just pointing out his mistake in an indirect way.
Fucking heathens
This was my only complaint about the phone... BUY IT
Because the OS itself takes up space. If you didn't buy it from a carrier you can go through a process known as rooting, and then install a slightly smaller operating system, but you're not gonna gain much. Just put your media on a microSD card.
Because every android phone comes with partitions, it haves 8GB memory, but all the preinstalled shit that cant be deleted and OS+bloat  go to one.That its why you are missing 2.5GB, you should have bought the moto G2 or the 16GB version.
AMD 8320 vs Intel i5. No fanboys, only facts. So far I have deduced this-intel has fewer cores but those individual cores are stronger -AMD gives more freedom to the user in respects to overclocking-the eight cores would be more suited to a multitasking PC but the stronger cores of the i5 would be better suited towards a gaming rig that uses 2-4 most of the time anyways-AMD will run hotter, but quieterAm I correct?
No.
I don't know any words with more than four letters
A nice CPU/GPU benchmark comparator from AnandTech.
I myself like the AMD FX series for Gaming, it works good. But if your doing alot of multitasking then you might as well go with the Intel Core series of chips. Its more about what you want to get out of your rig.
lolnothe stock cooler on those things are god awful and run loud as hell
aftermarket cooler
I think it reaffirmed what I said  AMD is better at multithreadingIntel can singlethread better
they still run how as fuck
how hard do you run your Chip, and do you shut it down periodically to let it rest and cool?
In 2012, Intel Xeon owned 95.6% of server market share.class="quote"Intel has managed to increase its server market share from 86.6% in 2008 to 95.6% in 2012.Trefis predicted competition would heat up and Intel would lose share.In 2015, Intel Xeon owns 98% of server market share.class="quote"The server processor division accounts for approximately 28% of Intel’s’ valuation, as per our estimate. Intel’s Server Processor market share has increased from 85% in 2007 to 98% at present
Those are for servers, not PCs
comparing a cpu release in either late 2014-early 2015 to a cpu released in 2010nice jobdidnt oc at all, used an nh-d14 and that thing ran in the low 50s with it in my well ventilated case
And?its the same goddamn chip in there, just with a different branding, and ECC RAM support, upon many other things for high end shit
AMD will run hotter, but quieter. You fucking idiot.
i5 760Released July 2010.class="quote"AMD FX-8320Released mid-2012.comparator doesn't have much info on new i5s, only i7s.
Intel builds a better processor for heatLarge businesses buy efficient electronics This should be no surprise.
Im running a Core 2 Duo E4400, with some other shit including a N9600GT, they both idle around 50-60 C And the max ive seen is in the high 70s low 80s. There gonna run hot no matter how you cool the fuckers
-AMD will run hotter, but quieteruhh what?the rest seems to be mostly correct
Obviously, theres alot of those machines in racks piled on top of eachother.
AMD generally doesn't fare well when it comes to market share.Pic related.
Nvidia Muster race
Is this the fate of all tech markets?
Why won't AMD release new CPUs that don't suck, have 8 cores and L3?
What do you expect, they dont really do alot when it comes to that shit
I miss the old companys
You can create a new column for 7nm and add IBM to it already.
IBM is proprietary  sooooo.....
Proprietary is shit
This thread is about the i5 vs 8320 you australopithecus
not using used server and workstation hardware for your buildsYou save money and get higher quality shit
read the footnote of IBM Fabs are currently getting acquired by Global FoundariesIn fact they recently completed the acquisition.7nm seems like a joint collaboration between different fabs.imagine Intel has their own private R&D going as well.
and, making a point here
had the amd, now I have an i5 4690k and the difference is night and day. stick to intel.
I5 with stock cooler run cold as fuck, FX series' coolers are loud and inefficient
And then follow the footnote saying IBM's shit is going to GloFo
Who made up this drunken comparison and fucking why?
Okay so I don't know what exactly I want to get into after college. All I know is I want to major in and take computer science and want to do some kind of programming at a job that pays very well and will hire right out of school. What are some career options for a computer science major? Pic somewhat related
I control a high level Russian Mafia Hacker l33t syndicate, and always looking for new talent.  We mostly breaking the NSA and leave butt pictures randomly salted everywhere.
computer programmersoftware devit tech
what is the best cheap ebook reader?cheap as in chink shit
cheep android table and any number of reader apps
When are you getting that lolita keyboard, /g/?
nEvER
It's an excellent name, but I like my numpad.
I would if I was poor.
Do you use bluestack?Is there anything other than Bluestack that works?is it possible to take your basic app and recompile it to a windows program?I heard that apps are made in java? I thought java was tedious and annoying?
I just virtualize android x86
I have used it, but I don't keep it installed.Program seems very sketchy to me.
them quadsBut why anon?
can you get games to run in it? I've veen trying toget some of the Com2us games to run on another hard drive and I think cause it knows its not arm is why
The devs are out of India, it installs a lot of crap, runs background processes even when you turn them off, and uses a lot of CPU cycles.
Bitcoin miner maybe?
I got a virtual webcam to work with it once, but never again.It would be very useful for posing as Chad and getting nudes out of girls if you could use a virtual webcam to send them "live" photos and videos.
I get the impression that it's a botnet or adware program, and according to other users and reviewers, it might be. Suspicious things for a program.
It's likely, but the program itself isn't something easy to do.  It takes some power.
Wait for Shashlik to be finished and then install gentoo
Install DuOSSearch in torrentsBEST ANDROID X86 FOR WINDOWS
please tell me there is a crack for this. I've got nothing to do and ill even posts results
I'm looking for a hacked windows 8.1 iso, but have no idea where I can get one that is not going to be a botnet, or have malware, or viruses. Any /g/entlemen care to direct me to a reliable 8.1 version?
just download the untouched microsoft iso and activate it with MS toolkit
Ayy lmaoCheck em
reported
Not OP, but I'll piggyback on this thread.Does Microsoft still offer free ISO downloads for legitimate copies of Windows? I have a product key for Win7, but none of the old links to the official downloads still work.
r/microsoftsoftwareswap redditiso links on the right
Does Microsoft still offer free ISO downloads for legitimate copies of Windows?Microsoft Creation tool. It automatically downloads the iso or makes a USB drive.
Post your email and I will give you my 8.1 pro key, I'm going to ubuntu so it's of no use to me now.
Thanks.
No point, all he has to do is KMS activation and it's useable with updates and everything.
Not op but I'm finding it hard to find a key or a download of mstoolkit that isn't malware.And the wiki is down so I can't reference that.  nuhuchusta@throam.com if you're feeling kind
IS FINISHED & BANKRUPT
If you guys are so obsessive over privacy and security as you should be why do you use Android? Organizations like the NSA only ever complain about encryption and security from iOS, meaning they likely have no problem with Android.Even if you don't use obvious backdoors like Facebook, Android still likely has more holes than iOS or even alternatives like Sailfish. So why use it?
Here's another data point... Hacking Team had android exploits and ratkits but they had nothing on iPhone. iOS is just a lot more hardened.
The Chinese have backdoors to iPhones so there'a no doubt the NSA does as well.
I'm not doubting that iOS has holes. In fact, it's not surprising. But it seems to me that iOS is much more secure by default and is harder to exploit properly. Android, for all its openness and freedom, seems much easier to exploit.
iOS is a lot more hardenedIndeedA team of South Korean competition veterans were able to come across a two-bug combination in iOS that compromised the iPhone 5s through the Safari browser. One of the bugs was able to execute a full Safari sandbox escape, making it possible for the security researchers to gain full control of the system.and separately..Our research leads to the discovery of a series of high-impact security weaknesses, which enable a sandboxed malicious app, approved by the Apple Stores, to gain unauthorized access to other apps' sensitive data. More specifically, we found that the inter-app interaction services, including the keychain, WebSocket and NSConnection on OS~X and URL Scheme on the MAC OS and iOS, can all be exploited by the malware to steal such confidential information as the passwords for iCloud, email and bank, and the secret token of Evernote. Further, the design of the app sandbox on OS~X was found to be vulnerable, exposing an app's private directory to the sandboxed malware that hijacks its Apple Bundle ID. As a result, sensitive user data, like the notes and user contacts under Evernote and photos under WeChat, have all been disclosed. Fundamentally, these problems are caused by the lack of app-to-app and app-to-OS authentications. To better understand their impacts, we developed a scanner that automatically analyzes the binaries of MAC OS and iOS apps to determine whether proper protection is missing in their code. Running it on hundreds of binaries, we confirmed the pervasiveness of the weaknesses among high-impact Apple apps
This is super interesting. Does Android have anything to prevent an exploit like this? I've heard its sandbox is fundamentally weaker.
How many forensics toolkits can crack iPhone? None. Every one of them can crack Android.
Do the majority of these require physical access to the phone? I'm not planning on being involved in a terrorist sting any time soon, but realistically this is a terrible track record for Android.
Sandbox busting and privilege escalation vulns used to be a dime a dozen in Androidland until Lollipop, when Google started cleaning up its act. These days, Chrome is a popular vector for attackers. It's one of the least secure browsers out there.
The advantages to Android phone is that you don't have to use stock Android.
Sandbox busting and privilege escalation vulns used to be a dime a dozen in Androidland until Lollipop,Shit, should I be worried about still using KitKat?
Really? I've been hearing the opposite. Only that Chrome is fairly secure and that Safari is garbage.
The advantages to Android phone is that you don't have to use stock Android.Rihgt. You can use some shit that some currynigger clobbered up while he was shitting in the field beside his mudshack.
While this is true, I feel like trusting a third party developer to handle creating a ROM for you is even less secure than trusting Google with it. Even if Google is stealing your data, at least they're keeping it fairly secure. You could say the same thing about whatever Cyanogen does, etc.
Only that Chrome is fairly secure and that Safari is garbage.Except that during Pwntoown, Safari always stands up the longest. One year it wasn’t even hacked.
It's basically a given that you should install a popular custom ROM i.e. not written by curryniggers and patch as soon as a new security fix is out. CM and Replicant are good. Most OEMs just don't give a shit about security, so they can't be trusted.
Are iOS users this racist? Glad I picked Android, one of the best, most progressive phone OS.
This is super interesting. I actually had no idea. I guess I just made assumptions after hearing so many stories about Safari exploits leading to jailbreaks early on.
It's not "stock"it's AOSP
racistgo back to reddit you dumbfuck.
Well realistically, AOSP is different than the "stock" Android that will ship from Google.That said, you're right. I'm not interested in Google service or app exploits. I'm just talking baseline OS exploits and Android itself.
Android is not really open source.
This is super interesting. I actually had no idea. I guess I just made assumptions after hearing so many stories about Safari exploits leading to jailbreaks early on.That was before sandbox. Now it's next to impossible to break sandbox.BTW, new ElCap is even taking it a step further and preventing any type of code injection into anything that's core OS. That will eliminate a ton of possible exploit surfaces.even doing something as sudo rm -rf / won't work.
I think I've heard about this. "Rootless," right? Or something of the sort. I didn't know that made it in to 10.11. I had't heard anything about it except rumors. Super nice, though. I'm using the public preview right now and that's actually pretty comforting.
Yep, it's called Rootless by the media but it is actually called System Integrity Protection.
this tbhSamsung isn't too shabby with patch times but they're just plain fucking incompetent see storing the user's PIN in a plain text file, not securing their fingerprint sensor properly, etc.. The problem is that installing a custom rom will void your warranty.So Nexus and 1+1 are best.
Yeah, OP here. I'm not concerned with Samsung or any other OEM software. I'm trying to get a feel for the security level of raw, up to date Android vs iOS. Granted, "Android" covers a lot, but for simplicity, Android on a Nexus device for comparison would be good enough for me.
androids is pretty shitty, but sadly they're still the best option.
Well it seems to me that Android is the best option if you value raw functionality. I also happen to love material design, so that's another edge up. But in making a few functionality sacrifices, you gain increased security and privacy with iOS. So I'm wondering why the majority of /g/ is still running Android especially rooted, custom builds.
because SD cards
You can always use Android without Jewgle Apps.
This is a fair argument, but storage is becoming less and less of a concern. For me, it's never been one. But I can see the appeal regardless.You definitely can, but it's also very limiting. And without the assistance of Google Play Services, I feel like the average user would be even more likely to install malicious software.
Then use Windows Phone, which is the most secure of all three.
Replicant hardly works without proprietary binaries
While this may or may not be true for now, Microsoft's vision of a single OS across platforms will make this false in the future. Windows is getting better, and maybe it has potential over Android, but it's not quite there yet on the desktop. And that will definitely cross over to mobile with a fusion of OS level software.
Android not really open sourceFucking weird.I could have sworn Android source code is openly available for viewing, downloading and modification.I guess my understanding of open source had been defective all these years.Unless what your actually referring to is the lack of pull requests from people outside Google.But you would have said that right, kid?

Honestly I'm one of the people that really doesn't care about this. Whether something is open source or not is irrelevant if it's not secure enough to justify using it.
/g/ I fucked up. My sister under 18 for you creeps has become of age in the family to an her own phone.Parents ask her the good 'ol iShill or Masterrace phoneShe says the masterrace phoneParents say OKweek laterThey gave her an iShill 6 because they don't like androidI ask them why they think soit's too hard to work anon, all these features I've never had before, it's just too confusing.but..no butts anon, we don't like android and she'll have to suck it up/g/ is there any way to make my parents think otherwise of android they're 50ish if it helps, and my father and I are the tech-litterete ones in the family
Your sister is probably better off with an iPhone instead of the “master race” phone.
It's just a phone.  Android and iOS are mostly the same.
she almost resigned herself to a life of virginity. people only fuck people with blue bubbles m8
Don't see the problem. Unless it came bundled with a contract, your sister can just sell it and buy another one. New phones sell for nearly 100% of the original price.
now at least she can into blue bubblescheckmate lagdroids
Your sister would hate a phone with constant freezes, random reboots, memory leaks, laggy menus and an inconsistent UI. The iPhone was a good choice.
Ayy
The Nexus Series
Get them a fucking windows phone you degenerate. Only thing you should get for family, easy as fuck to use and you don't need to put up with any shit.
Go back to /b/ faggot
don't need to put up with any shitliterally 3 apps in the windows phone store
less to go wrong
Android vs iOS
So your underage sister can't send homemade CP to her boyfriend on snapchat, who fucking cares?As far as other phones go it's far better endowed. Of iOS, WP and android, WP is the only one with a built-in file manager. Office and skype out of the box. As far as using a phone goes, what's missing?
Tell them that the iphone will hax their credit cards
I fucked up. My sisterhow was it?
SKUB killed my brother.
Clearly your parents were smart enough to save her social life from being a green bubble no friends disaster.
2015still being pro skub
point out that it's HER phone and they don't have to use itseriously, if your dumbass parents can't figure out how to use an android, that's literally not her problem whatsoever. they're being inherently selfish by passing judgement on something they don't have a fucking clue about
Why does /g/ autismos like to gather in threads like this?iOS, android, WP or BBos, it doesnt fucking matter, if you payed a lot for it, and it looks good your "friends" will like it.Apple sheeps are mostly poor niggers in welfare that only buy the 16 gigs/cheapest model of the latest iphoneWP users are people that doesnt know what the fuck is going on, they just want a phone that worksBB users are people that just want securityAnd most android users are a bunch of sand niggers that buy cheap chinese unlocked phonesTL:DR fuck you all and this discussions.
2015white people continuing to see dumb and smart black people as the samecontinuing to unintentionally reveal their sub INTJ power level6/10 - give your frontal cortex a year of additional development and try again next summer
He's a tripfag, what did you expect?Most intelligent people can differentiate between niggers and blacks, and faggots and gays.And againtripfag
smart black peopleThat's an oxymoron.
stay in your containment board/pol/
Was just taking advantage of an excuse to use muh favorite mimi.
1. get her an android phone2. teach her how to rice3. make her alienate herself from friends and family until her self esteem hits rock bottom4. give me her contact info
Shilling for Android will not get you a Google internship.Stop trying to be religious about a phone. Parents' house, parents' choices.
Make your own kid and give him/her an android phone. Problem solved.
About to buy a GTX 980 TiPic related.Any reason I should get a 980 instead? Upgrading from a 680 and I tend to wait out longer with GPU upgrades and I think the Ti variant will last me longer
paying over $100 for a graphics cardplaying shitty barely interactive movie pseudo-game bullshitFFS
I've got a 980 ti, I'd say it's bretty gud. No troubles at 1440p, everything is at least 70+ fps
just bought a 980ti. i probably could have saved a few hundred bucks with the 980, but I DESERVE NICE THINGS
I'm considering getting 3 980 Ti's because reasons.Actually I'm getting a 9~12k bonus come fall and I'll throw my 980s in a second system.
thisMGS is the shittiest series ive ever played
Because you have no other things to spend money on? Jesus fucking christ anon, get some more hobbies.
fuckin epic posts, upvoted
MGS babby faggot weeb detected
Game™ like a boss©®**ᶜᵒᶰᵈᶦᵗᶦᵒᶰˢ ᵃᵖᵖᶫʸ, ˢᵉᵉ ᵒᵘʳ ᵖʳᶦᵛᵃᶜʸ ᵖᵒᶫᶦᶜʸ ᶠᵒʳ ᵇᵘᶫᶫˢʰᶦᵗ
There's zero reason to get a 980 unless you literally cannot afford a 980Ti. There are other cards you could argue might be better purchases but the 980 is not one of them
That's literally fucking retarded. If you have several 980s, why would you upgrade to 980tis? Makes sense at a 970 meme card level, but upgrading 980 to 980ti is a downright waste of money. At least sell the 980s.
THe funny thing is this guy's name is BIG BOSS. I get the jokes unlike some people who never playee Metal GAY Solid Because Ocelot is gay.
can this game play 1080p 60fps on a 280x or 960?
When you buy nvidia you're letting the jews winDo you really want to live in a world where the jews win?
they have already won
You should get a 980 Ti because has more stream processers better power delivery system and more and high qauility power phases and is basically a Titan X whith 2 ram chips and processers turned of and is a GM200 chip architechture. So go for a 980 Ti just remember to have a good psu.
Not OP but I've been getting mixed recommendations for the PSU on my first build which uses a 980 Ti. Some say 800 watts is ok while others consider it overkill and say just to get a 600 watt one. What do you think?
I've decided Foobar is shit and I refuse to use iTunes because it's even worse. Foobar keeps deciding to throw away specific files and pausing dead in the middle of songs it doesn't like for a couple seconds and then starting up again. Like, let's say I'm listening to ITAOTS at 12:00 and everything goes fine, then later I want to listen to it again at 3:00, but the second time it'll pop up like "Two-Headed Boy.mp3 could not be played. The file doesn't exist", so I check the source folder and it's right fucking there, just chillin' with no explanation whatsoever. As soon as I drag-and-drop it into foobar, though, it reads the file just fine again.I got banned from /mu/ for some stupid bullshit so I can't ask there. First off, any idea what could be causing this? Foobar is the only program giving me trouble, everything else on my computer's working just fine, so I'd be shocked if it was, like, a hard drive issue. Secondly, any other good media players? Have considered MusicBee but it looks like ass, but if that's what it's going to have to be, that's just what it'll have to be.
AIMPWinyl
1GBMusic PlayeriTunes is Chrome of Music Players.
Maybe the music file itself is corrupted.
Could be, but would that really explain why it'd play perfectly fine after adding a redundant copy of it to the library?
Your hard drive is fucked, OP. I noticed the same thing a couple months ago. Three weeks later EVERYTHING was taking an inordinate amount of time to read from the drive. RMA'd it thanks Shitgate and haven't had any issues since.
Run a SMART check, sound like you're fucked.
Hmm. Both my cursory checks came back fine.I'm not exactly running the best computer in the world anyway, just a piece of shit I picked up a couple years ago for basic use. Thankfully I caught this just as it was starting, but I don't know if it's still under warranty so if I'd have to RMA this I might just be better off getting a new one.
All my SMART checks came back fine except the actual Seagate tool which just told me I qualified for an RMA
Musicbee doesn't look like ass at all faggot. Get to it.
Just passed SMART, Short DST, and Short Generic with SeaTools.Fuck.Should probably run more tests and I will but at this rate I don't think this is doing much good. I probably just fucked up foobar somehow.
Another faggot who encounters errors that could be caused by anything and decides to blame the piece of software that's being used without problems by millions of people instead of thinking logically and looking for the real cause. What, you think the guy programming it would somehow fuck up the concept of streaming file content that badly and still release his program? Come on now, this isn't the android app store.
Fuck off, it's called an iconoclastic ploy.
1GB for a 21 songs music library does seem excessive
in the aeroplane over the seamuh /mu/ creditfuck off faggot
Get on my level OP
I have literally never had a problem with Foobar that wasn't related to its retarded settings backup system.My music library is absolutely huge.Foobar hasn't had any problem with it so far.
implying itapots isn't pleb tier meme shit
I have LITERALLY never had a problem with Foobar except that time I had a problem, and every time I try to do that other thing, that always fuck everything up.So, literally no problems.
iTunes using 1GB that's a fucking troll pic you stupid retard.
Winyl uses a third resources than my riced Foobar setup does.
chkdsk, also wipe your foobar settings and reinstall.
I don't get why this is even a debate. Just use winamp. It just weeks, has a ton of options, is relatively low maintenance. It's the superior choice.
it is that's my pointlike we gave a shit what album OP was listening to but he felt compelled to tell it us it was that garbage
I use XBOX music might as well, since it's already included with w8.1. Try that, I guess. Do note that it is beyond bare-bones. Doesn't even have a equalizer. TBH it's pretty shit, but it's light.Also, I suggest making a complete back up of your disk. Those are usually signs of HDD failure. Even if it doesn't fail, you'll have peace of mind.Also, as an aside, I can't be the only one that finds Foobar ugly beyond sin. I tried changing the layout and skin a bit, but it didn't turn out well, and being the impatient douche I am, I gave up.
What's the best paid MP3 player?
Am i retarded for wanting to buy this?750 dollar sale on EbayAm I better just buying something else?I like playing gamesI have a 120 gb SSD I can put into itI will be doing some programming- probably will put Ubuntu and windows on itI like saving and downloading a lot of stuffIs there a reason for me not to buy this? It seems like a good dealOr am I retarded
Oh yeah the specs: i7 4720HQ 12GB DDR3 750GB HDD Nvidia GTX950M GL551
If you need to carry your PC when you need to take a dump then why not.
I was planning on eventually doing a custom water cooling setup, and was hoping I could get some pointers when it comes to some of the components. I'll be using the fractal design arc xl case that I already own, it being an x99 platform with a 5820k, and an msi 980ti. I'm probably not going to liquid cool the gpu since as far as i know there aren't any waterblocks for it with msi's custom board in mind. so i was just going to be cooling the cpu and overclocking it.I'm pretty sure i can figure out how to set up the loop, the only thing I'm having trouble with is finding a good water pump and reservoir. I'm mainly looking for those that are a pump and reservoir in one unit, and was hoping someone had some they could recommend.
