I have an old laptop with 3gb ram and T5450 CPU. Just got an SSD to make give it new life but I'm not sure if I should install 32bit Windows or 64bit. I don't think I can get ram for it very cheap nowadays so consider that the ram will never be upgraded.From reading it seems 64bit will use up more ram for the OS but run faster for programs whereas 32bit will use up less ram for OS but probably slower. Is this true?
Google whether your cpu is x64 or x32. Helps with threading and certain programs
Found the man hating feminist lesbian cunt whore bitch. Bet she is going to tell everyone she knows that she got raped at a party once, in 5 years.
Yeah, and notice how she leaned in to kiss him and then she was the one that looked all disgusted and ran away crying. Bitches be fucking crazy.
poor boy
Holy fuck that boy's face.He will be traumatised for the rest of his life.
From intel's site:Instruction Set     64-bitThat says it supports 64 bit but I'm wondering the benefits of 64 when there will be only 3 gb of ram.
Girl will turn into a feminist cunt.Guy will turn into a loner and then a serial rapist.
just according to keikaku
He was so happy after that kiss, until he saw her reaction. That smile... I feel bad for this boy
Now that we have reached the end of Windows 8, what things did you like about it? What things did you dislike about it? Did you adapt to the modern UI interface or did you hurry to distance yourself from it?
likes: WIN + Sdislikes: none
I didn't hate the modern UI, I used the start screen as a ordered desktop. I only never used a windows 8 modern app. The charms menu is the most annoying thing about modern UI to me.
I want to learn css, I'm new to programming.I need a book to learn from.Pic related
Read the spec.
cssprogrammingokay
The moment when you open a book on CSS or HTML, it's already outdated.Use and 
Whats the best VPN in your opinion for torrenting.Also I'm in the UK.
Someone else's VPN.You didn't fall for the scare tactic copyright infringement notice did you? Cause thats embarrassing
Going to be living in uni halls where a friend got a warning for it and p2p traffic is highly deprioritized.
he needs a VPN for torrentingIn all seriousness though, github gave out 100 digitalocean bucks to all students a year or so ago. It was enough for 20 months of their cheapest VPS. I put pptp on it and use it as VPN. Had no problems so far. Also put Transmission on it and use it for torrenting. Excellent results.
I think Vuze has an option to essentially disguise a torrent as a normal or whatever request. I used it in Uni halls, torrented every day and never got a warning.I might be understanding it wrong though
Serpico VPN from Switzerland. Hands down.
This is /dpt/, the best subreddit of /g/In this thread:r/programmingr/compscir/ReverseEngineeringr/softwaredevelopmentWhat are you working on ?
pretty neat pic OP
I'm trying to understand how to handle in python a json encoded php array but I can't grasp its proper syntax.The php script is giving me this$output = array;echo json_encode$output;And the python script is getting it from the stream by json.loadsys.stdin.The json object is actually several ones, one after another without line breaks. It seems like I can easily play with it in python but I'm too dumb to find its syntax in the documentation, and the examples I've found on the internet only talk about a single json object.I don't know perl or ruby, is it easier in those languages? Is it actually pretty easy in python but I'm just approaching it poorly?
thanks. here the original.
Learning Java. Just finished shitty app that helps me organize my folders with movies and vidya. Currently thinking if it's possible to implement some neat IMDB API that would get movie release date and add it to proper movie directory name.
Nice butt.
I just figured the fucking thing out. It's 6AM or earlier here in North America, middle of the day in Europe but it's fucking 8PM in Australia. These reddit threads are always created around this time or a few hours earlier.It's a drunk fucking Aussie.
It's 3PM in India
OP could be anywhere
Hey /g/ how good of a book is "Automate Boring Stuff with Python"? Want to get into Python Already know Java. I found "learning Python the hard way" to be lacking in depth/theory and was mainly for complete beginners. How does this book fare?
Okay, let's be serious. Who here is able to answer exercise 1.13 from SICP ?
I just can't read math and most logic symbols. I didn't even know := meant that until I saw people posting Go.
Fuck you op, where's the previous thread?
Be care that := from Go has not the same semantic as := in Pascal or Ada nor as := in mathematics.
guess hat this code is for and how it could be improved and simplified
2d platformer, jsut started out
This is why I don't even try to deal with these symbols way to many meanings and conflicts. I should have specified the logical meaning is what I learned from seeing it and reading up on it.
Personally i'd just do Dive Into Python then look up examples for library usage.
supermeatboy clone n.X
It is heavily inspired by it, will add more features though, currently implementing gravity change.Why change something that works well ?
What'cha making this in?
Why play something that's already been done?
Unity, its just a little project for uni that I have to present before being able to access certsain exam no big plans for it.
Why make new computers when the ones today work?

to sell more of them
reddit
summer
Something that simulates a turn based battle between two units, and gives all the possible outcomes and their likelihood.
I'm trying to run my C hello world, and it says permission denied or something like that. using codeblocks in lubuntu.
I've been programming small throwaway scripts mostly for sysadmin stuff on servers for years now, but I've come to the realization after trying to do something that wasn't a tiny script, that I actually know virtually nothing about how to actually program. What's the best way to go about learning to program for someone who is not a complete beginner and gets impatient with things that spend 200 pages talking about how variables work, but who basically only knows what those 200 pages talk about?
chmod.
Sounds like CodeBlocks is compiling in such a way that your binary isn't automatically given execute permissions.chmod +x your_binary
in C if i{ when/what will this evaluate to?
Depends what the value of i is.
yeah underwhich values of i does it evaluates to true/false*
Take the ratios of the fibs.1/1 = 12/1 = 23/2 = 1.55/3 = 1.66678/5 = 1.6...Just say lim n-inf fibn/fibn-1 = phi. Whatever, who cares.Another way to put those fractions would be with:1/1 = 12/1 = 1 + 1/13/2 = 1 + 1/2 = 1 + 1/1 + 1/1...Infinite fraction, you getphi = 1 + 1/phiphi^2 = phi + 1Quadratic and you can do:0 = -phi^2 + phi + 1phi = 1 +/- sqrt5 / 2Let's just let tau be 1 - sqrt5/2, phi the other one.phi^2 = 1*phi + 1phi^3 = 2*phi + 1phi^4 = 3*phi + 2phi^5 = 5*phi + 3phi^6 = 8*phi + 5...Notice them fibs?phi^n = fibn*phi + fibn-1tau^n = fibn*tau + fibn-1 phi^n - tau^n = fibn*phi - fibn*tau = fibn*phi - taufibn = phi^n - tau^n / phi - tauphi - tau = 1 + sqrt5/2 - 1 - sqrt5/2 = sqrt5fibn = phi^n - tau^n / sqrt5tau in numerical form is actually -0.618033.., tau^n - 0I probably fucked a bunch of that up and it's probably not what they were going for. It's what I remember about fib.
If i is non-zero it is true.
cheers
if 'i' is 0 it will same as false. if not 0 its true
k i did that, and now it says /home/fluorite/Documents/Untitled1: 1: /home/fluorite/Documents/Untitled1: /bin: Permission denied/home/fluorite/Documents/Untitled1: 5: /home/fluorite/Documents/Untitled1: Syntax error: word unexpected expecting ""
I asked what coding language I should start off with yesterday in this thread and ended up starting off learning Java.I'm trying to write a shitty horoscope thing but I don't know if my use of the if command is correct and if I'm using incorrect syntaxfrom sys import argvscript, user_name = argvprompt = ""print "Hi %s, I'm the %s script." % user_name, scriptprint "I'm going to ask you a few questions."print "What's your star sign %s?" % user_namestar_sign = raw_inputpromptif star_sign = Aries    print "You will find new friends"    elif star_sign = Taurus    print"You will get angry"    elif star_sign = Gemini    print "You will meet someone new"    elif star_sign = Cancer     print "You will find a new hobby"etc.
Is this bait?This isn't Java. This is more like Python except very wrong…
I meant Python, and I realise it's very wrong because it's not working. Does if only work with numbers or something
Use a dictionary to store data.star_signs = {"Aries" : "You will find new friends"}star_signs["Aries"]etc.
You're missing colons, you're using = instead of ==, your star signs are not defined anywhere…
This is /dpt/, the best subreddit of /g/the best subreddit of /g/subreddit of /g/subreddit
That doesn't even look too hard. They already give you the formula in closed form, you just need to find the greatest integer closest to \phi^n \ sqrt5. Come on anon.
Hi g,i want a method in java to return two String[] arrays, which are red from an xml file. So far I've done it by calling the method with an argument - string name containing the name of the needed array. First i did it with integers, but strings seem to be a little be more clear to read. The comparison part is done with a switch-case statement. Does it matter if i use switch-case or if-if ?
Does it matter if i use switch-case or if-if ?If your Java is new enough then use switch.It seems like you want an enum though.
Why are parenthesis only around one print statement? Are you trying to write this in Python2 or 3?
Python 2
You will find new friendsThanks, anon!
You need to put quotes around your star signs otherwise you'll get a syntax error.Same thing in Javaimport java.util.Scanner;public class Shit{    public static void mainString[] args    {        String script = args[0];        String username = args[1];        System.out.format"Hi %s, I'm the %s script.\n", username, script;        System.out.println"I'm going to ask you a few questions";        System.out.format"What's you star sign %s?", username;        String starSign = new ScannerSystem.in.next;        if  starSign.equals"Aries"             System.out.println"You will find new friends";        else if  starSign.equals"Taurus"             System.out.println"You will get angry";        else if  starSign.equals"Gemini"             System.out.println"You will meet someone new";        else if  starSign.equals"Cancer"             System.out.println"You will find a new hobby";    }}
Thanks for the input. Could you elaborate more on the enum ?
I completely skipped the prompt part...
It's just ints in disguise but with somewhat more meaningful names. So you'd still be passing numbers like you used to but you'd be addressing them with a proper name.
Thanks, never used it before.
software engineer for a regulating body in the U.S.state governments submit data for our software to processit's shit dataspend days and weeks writing ugly hacks and work-arounds because the state governments can't spend 3 fucking minutes to do what we ask.This shit is infuriating. Sometimes the data itself is bad. Like they'll have an address without a city or zip code and it becomes obvious that the front-end they use to enter data is doing little or no validation at all. Sometimes the data format is bad. It doesn't matter what it is, csv, json, xml, whatever. They always find a way to fuck it up so it doesn't parse. If we ask what character encoding they are using for text, they say "English you dummy". Then they whine and complain when accented characters show up as Chinese or some shit. If you ask them to submit a compressed zip archive, they'll submit a rar. If you ask them to use a date format like yyyy-mm-dd, then we're guaranteed to get a few states who will submit mm/dd/yy. This is your government America. Your tax dollars are paying me $30 an hour to write custom parsers and repeat it 30-40 times. Each state fucks things up in a slightly different way so they often need their own data parsers and validation. All because some lazy ass at the state level couldn't be bothered to spend 5 minutes to fix his export script.
Need someone who's good with Qt. Pic related - this is what the menu looks like after the list of friends goes fromBobAlicetoBobAliceJerk
Reminds me how recently at my work one of our suppliers asked for the CSV reports to not contain double quotes, at all. Even if fields had commas in them so quotes were necessary… Apparently double quotes don't play well with their excel macros or some shit…
forgot to post the code snippetwow i'm tired    int n = 0;    while ui-friendList-isEmpty == false {        ui-friendList-removeItemui-friendList-itemAt0;    }    for std::vectorfriendInfo::iterator it = this-friends-begin; it != this-friends-end; it++ {        friendInfo tmp = *it;        if tmp.online == false{            QLabel *lbl = new QLabel;            lbl-setStyleSheet"color: #888;";            lbl-setTexttmp.username;            ui-friendList-addWidgetlbl, 1, Qt::AlignTop;        }        if tmp.online == true {            QLabel *lbl = new QLabel;            lbl-setStyleSheet"color: #eee;";            lbl-setTexttmp.username;            ui-friendList-addWidgetlbl, 1, Qt::AlignTop;            n++;        }    }    ui-onlineFriends-setTextQString::numbern;
while ui-friendList-isEmpty == falsewhy notwhile !ui-friendList-isEmptyEven worse:    for std::vectorfriendInfo::iterator it = this-friends-begin; it != this-friends-end; it++ {Change this intoforauto it: this-friends
auto it: this-friendsmade the first change but this definitely doesn't work for me
trolls aren't allowed outside of /b/ faggot.
I've done it, in a probably extremely roundabout way that's way too big. Python 2.7.from sys import argvscript, user_name = argvprompt = ""print "Hi %s, I'm the %s script." % user_name, scriptprint "I'm going to ask you a few questions."print "What's your star sign %s?" % user_namestar_sign = raw_inputpromptif star_sign == "Aries":    print "Love could be close this month"elif star_sign == "Taurus":    print "Make sure you include others in your plans"    elif star_sign == "Gemini":    print "Others appreciate your efforts"    elif star_sign == "Cancer":    print "It's a great time to join a club"    elif star_sign == "Leo":    print "Let your intuition be your guide"    elif star_sign == "Virgo":    print "Your sensitive Scorpio nature is emphasised"    elif star_sign == "Libra":    print "It's time to organise a romantic dinner"    elif star_sign == "Scorpio":    print "Take a close look at your health"    elif star_sign == "Sagittarius":    print "You wont have fun"    elif star_sign == "Capricorn":    print "Hard times ahead"    elif star_sign == "Aquarius":    print "You cunt"elif star_sign == "Pisces":    print "Formulate creative ideas"    else:    print "That doesn't seem to be a star sign"
if tmp.online == false{[...]}if tmp.online == true {[...]}just for you to know, you could simply do something like : if !tmp.online {[..]} else {[..]}
Same guy as Is this on github?If so plz post link.Also re written snippet you posted in     int n = 0;    while !ui-friendList-isEmpty {        ui-friendList-removeItemui-friendList-itemAt0;    }    for auto it: this-friends {       QLabel *lbl = new QLabel;       lbl-setTextit-username;       if it-online {            lbl-setStyleSheet"color: #eee;";            n++;        }        else{            lbl-setStyleSheet"color: #888;";        }        ui-friendList-addWidgetlbl, 1, Qt::AlignTop;    }    ui-onlineFriends-setTextQString::numbern;
compile with C++11/14
it is but i haven't updated it since the initial commit, and i definitely do not have the code clean enough to be critiqued lol. trying this and  now
CoolioAre you following the tutorials?
No go, still displaying "removed" items as shown. Would it be somewhere in the "show/hide" function linked to the button?void meshh::revealFriendsFrame {    ui-postFrame-hide;    if ui-friendsFrame-isHidden {        ui-friendsFrame-show;        this-refreshFriends; //the first snippet     } else {        ui-friendsFrame-hide;        ui-addFriendFrame-hide;    }}
I already included the if/else thing in this post: 
I am currently reading iSICP 1.1. Now i know why it's the best computer science book.
I'm not an expert in qt, I just rewrote your code.In gtk you have to call show on widgets if I remember coorectly, so I suppose calling show without testing if it's hidden should do the trick.
YO/dpt/is github open source?meaning can i host my own github webserverfuck your clowd
Still no luck. This is really bugging me -- This code works fine to reload a similarly structured thing:void meshh::requestStream {    while !ui-verticalLayout-isEmpty {        ui-verticalLayout-removeItemui-verticalLayout-itemAt0;    }    std::random_shufflethis-posts-begin, this-posts-end;    for std::vectornewsPost::iterator it = this-posts-begin; it != this-posts-end; ++it {        newsPost curpost = *it;        QString outstr;        if curpost.filename == NULL{            outstr.appendcurpost.username;            outstr.append" posted on ";            outstr.appendcurpost.date;            outstr.append"\n";            outstr.appendcurpost.txt;            this-recvPostoutstr;        }        else {            //handle picture posts        }    }    ui-newPosts-setText"0";}
NoYou need GitLab m8
 is github open source?Github is a site that lets you host public git repositories for free and private ones for a fee among some related services. meaning can I host my own github webserverI don't understand the question, please rephrase it.
Not for free, it's a part of their enterprise solution.Thank god text captchas are back.
YOhiis github open source?i don't think so, or not entirely. for an open source alternative, see Gogs or Gitlab
Yeah up to Exercise 16, just wanted to try out something to test if could do something that wasn't just copied straight from the book
open coreThat's not Free Software, though
Thank you for using an anime picture.
ui-friendsFrame-show;this-refreshFriends;Does swapping these lines help?Is there some UI update function?
i'm a hugggee fucking GNU/NEET
edition is MIT license, is that open enough for you?
R8 my directory-size checking programpublic static void mainString[] args {        File dir = new File "D:/Program Files";        long totalLength = 0;                if dir.isDirectory {            System.out.printf"%-50s %-20s\n","Name of the directory", "Size";            System.out.println"------------------------------------------------------------";            for File f: dir.listFiles {                if f.isDirectory {                    System.out.printf"%-50s %-10d B\n",f.getName,getSizef;                    totalLength += getSizef;                }            }            System.out.println"------------------------------------------------------------";            System.out.println"Total size of direcories: "+totalLength;        }    }        public static long getSize File f {        long length = 0;        try {            if f.isFile {                length += f.length;            }            if f.isDirectory {                for File file: f.listFiles {                    length += getSizefile;                }            }        } catch NullPointerException e {                        }        return length;    }
concept of open core software has proven to be controversial, as many developers do not consider the business model to be true open source software. Despite this, open core models are used by a large number of open source software companies.[4]
What is the best Java deobfuscator available?I want to make my gamepack files a bitch to reverse engineer.
Java/10
I will take that as 10/10, thank you
obfuscator* oopsI have seen some obfuscated class files that couldnt be deobed with any released deob tools fernflower, etc because they had scrambled control flow.

void meshh::revealFriendsFrame {    this-refreshFriends;    ui-postFrame-hide;    if !ui-friendsFrame-isHidden {        ui-friendsFrame-hide;        ui-addFriendFrame-hide;    } else {        ui-friendsFrame-show;    }}This still doesn't work, and I don't believe there's a built in update function for QScrollArea friendsFrame is a QScrollArea, friendList is a QVBoxLayout, and set to be the layout of friendsFrame earlier on in the code
I don't know of any good ones that do Java 8 very well, but is pretty good for Java 7.
Sup /g/ents,how would you go about finding the amount of function parameters and the type of the parameter in assembler?
/g/, i have a very serious question, i have a server-client program with simple xor encryption, and now i want to add compression to this, whats better, first encrypt then compress or first compress then encrypt? im transferring files so sometimes its a text file, sometimes its jpg
This isnt an obfuscator?
...do both and compare?I'm no expert, but it seems to me that results will be the same.
1.44 MB for that garbage
direcories
do both and compareyeah, im too lazy, i was hoping someone had experience with something similar fuck off Daiz
encyption and compressionWhat could possibly go wrongI hope your sending not even remotely similar data in your messages.compression
i would say that it's obvious to compress first because after encryption, it's random data without any patterns so the compression would be a lot less efficient.
Why doesn't GCC return the correct error when compiling this program?#include stdio.hvoid first_charchar s[static 1] {  printf"'%c'\n", s[0];}int mainvoid {  first_charNULL;  return 0;}Compiled with gcc -std=c11 -Wall -Werror, no errors! :Compiled with clang -std=c11 -Wall -Werror and I get the error I expect error: null passed to a callee which requires a non-null argument [-Werror,-Wnonnull]Is there some flag I need to turn on in gcc to make it correctly catch that?
Finally finished my Quake-like console for my small 3D engine. It's still missing aliases and it needs some tweaking here and there, but 99% of the functionality is done. I'll add aliases when I need them right now I don't.It has command history, command/cvar completion the blue background shows the completed part, Unicode, and lots of small goodies. Rendering is done using OpenGL. I spent a lot of time making sure the VBOs are updated only when something actually changes on the screen, so it takes almost no CPU/GPU time to render.
is for html, cookies and tls, i dont use them, c++, xor and zlib hereyeah, that seems logical, im going with that, thanks
This. Also compressed data can seem pseudorandom and may make the simple encryption more secure. That's security though obscurity, but it helps if your encryption is simple.
c++, xor and zlibSo just playing around. Then you won't have to worry about that kind of stuff anyway.
I'm just curious.I saw that windows 10 will check your files for cp, but when I browse p2p networks, I come across dozens and hundreds of IPS who hold cp when I look stupid random shit to download.one example is ares galaxy and emule filled with that garbage.And many of those IPS are outside USA.So, how is microsoft going to send all those IPS to the FBI and start a witch hunt with even countries where cp isn't illegal like japan.Just curious to see if USA goverment will overrule other countries legal systems and sovereings just to chase pedos.
Dude that's fucked up. What p2p networks?
Yes they will. Their are no sovereign nations, only the USA, places the USA has decided to exercise their power, and places the USA is ignoring for now.
torrent, ares galaxy, emulepick your poison.
I remember reading there's so much cp in the internet the FBI can't even think of chasing just people who download cp but rather the producers.Is it true?
only bing and onedrive check
one example is ares galaxy and emule filled with that garbage.no they arent, if you actually download one of tose videos youll see they are women pushing their 30s just wearing a kawaii highschool uniform and pigtails, or just skinny pornstars that look like 15 yo
I had just for curiosity asked when one normie friend show me a cp video.he told me he downloaded it from ares.
Sort of, the difficulty involved in catching someone who knows how to cover their tracks makes it so they have to triage their resources, so to speak.That's not to say you can't / won't get v& if you're located by chance during other investigative pursuits.One of the reasons they want producers so bad. Not only are they the ones actually hurting the kids, but they'll sometimes have lists of clients and the like.
source?
It's the same deal as drugs. The producers and distributers are the bad guys that they care about, but sometimes the cops will throw a few kids in prison for 20 years to make it look they're not failing miserably at their jobs.
Windows has been scanning for CP since W8 at least, probably since XP.
normiesharing CPDude, I think you stumbled onto a closet pedo
Admitting to seeing CP in the honeypot known as cuckchanRIP you
kids are hurt doing cpjust as much as adults doing regular porn
As someone that's watched his fair share of CP, there's a lot of violent shit out there. I wish we could all agree to make consensual CP legal so LEAs can start focusing all their resources on actual sick babyraping fucks.
consensual cpJust kill yourself
Babies like to feel pleasure too, you fucking bigot.
What did your parents do to deserve you?
only bing and onedrive checkHAHAHAHHAHAHAGoogle also checks! So does Dropbox!I uninstalled Photos right after I installed it. Why? Because as soon as you install it and you open it, it starts to indiscriminately upload all of your photos to Google's servers.Don't forget, Google also runs PhotoDNA so they will catch all you CP/JB sickos!class="quote"mfw BASED big brother Google will send all you bastards to jail!So please, install Google Photos asap!!!!
Jesus Christ, what a sick fuck enabler.
You make me sick
just use linux like all the other pedos
Just curious to see if USA goverment will overrule other countries legal systems and sovereings just to chase pedos.Where the fuck were you for the past 10 years??? US just indicted FIFA officials, most of whom never set their foot n the US.If US wants you in jail and you're not in the Russia or China, they will find a way.if you care about privacy, use Linux or Apple stuff. they don't check.
I can't belive this disgraceful thread and the justifications you people are trying to make.Pedofiles are fucking immature assholes :
guys pls, i set up the joke and everything
It takes one to feel oneHappy?
y-you are what y-yo-you eat?
windows  10 will scan files for CPNow that's just asinine.
I like yours better
implying the fbi could pick up chinese peados.implying the internet isn't global.
They conducted business on US soil, you dumb fuck.
USA IS SHIT!
windows 10 will scan files for CPIt won't. If they will, they'll have to check all photos and videos because CP is just same old photos and videos. They literally need tons of data storage just to spy on internet activity. So technically it's impossible.OP is a fag
Previous thread: Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
Got a T420s, just installed Windows 8.1 but I can't find what I need to install to get the taskbar battery meter and pressing the thinkvantage button does nothing. i think i need to install the thinkvantage toolbox or something but i cant find a download?
ThinkVantage Toolbox was replaced with Lenovo Solution Center.You can find LSC here: 
Anybody ever buy a ThinkPad off Craigslist/Gumtree? Any advice?
If they ask to you stay for anal, say no.
Most local police stations allow you to use their lobby for craiglist meetups.
I'm in the UK, I guess Gumtree == Craigslist.
Even if it knocked money off the final sale?
Good luck finding any thinkpads on gumtree that aren't taken out of an old school and battered to shit. Britfag gumtree is cancer, and it makes me hate the drooling retards that live here.You're better off looking on ebay and grabbing one from Germany, there seems to be a shit load of them sold from Germany, for way less than those sold here. Only downside is the German keyboard.
cheers. is there any way for me to download all the drivers relevent to my system? like dell have the system tag thing and it only shows you the drivers you actually need?
Getting my first ThinkPad and technically first laptop, always been a desktop guy on Friday. Are there any accessories or software you guys recommend for these?
Anyone know if the T420s has SATA2 or 3?
3 on the main bays, 2 for MSATA.
cheers. so i will get the full 550MB/s of a SATA3 SSD?
That's right yeah.

This program worked on my t450s, but it seems to be a universal lenovo tool.
What model are you getting?
how do i get the thinkvantage button to do something on windows 8.1? doesnt seem to get configured to do anything for some reason?
It never did anything useful anyway. I have it set up to turn off the screen.
is there a way to do a diagnostic of the system leds? the wifi and hdd dont appear to work but bluetooth does?!
Is that in Windows? How did you get it  to do that?
How would you rank the T4X0s in terms of their reliability and overall quality feel?
Feels really good.  I got a t420 and t400 and they are extremely usable.  For being older machine they are still very fast with an SSD in them.  I just got a work issued Dell Precision m2800 though powerful are utter crap.  The keyboard keys feels small, doesn't have that thinkpad bounce when you type.  Don't get me started on the 3 button mouse.  same level as the surface of the palmrest.  The clit mouse is shut, just awful to user... as it get hot, can't put on your lap or it'll burn your balls off.  Also the palm rest is made of soft rubber, attract dust like no tomorrow, once dusty extremely hard to wipe off.  Who design these Dell crapsware?
Great. I've got my eye on T420 auction near me. There's also a T430 for a decent price, but I've might stick with the cheaper T420 since I don't really need extra beef.
Im about to buy a t440, 1600x900, i5 with 180gb ssd and 8gb of ram for around 650canadian, does it look like a good deal?
Did I fuck up?
Nope!
yes
Yes!  Totally fucked up!  Also you burn a hole in your wallet.  haha
Nope. I have a T61 and if I were in the market, I'd buy it over a T420/30/40 any day.inb4 the damage control and lolC2D squad chimes in
Hey friends.  I just bought my first thinkpad, an X250.  I'm planning on reinstalling a fresh copy of windows before I use it.  How would I go about doing this?  Is there somewhere I can get an iso of the install disc and use the license that comes with the machine?  Don't worry, I will install gentoo as well.
It's your money bud.  We really don't care.
Here are all my thinkpads: T420, T400 times 2, x200 and x200 tablet
T450s
Nice, which one do you use the most? Not which one you like the most, which one you use the most.
rich boy rich boy!spare a shekel for a poor lad? pls sir jus 1 shek
well i use all of them...T420 - working on the couching coding in windowsT400 -x200 - sitting pretty in the cabinet need wifi adapter.x200 tablet - my doc reader / movie watcher while on exercise machine.
Using every part of the bison hey? Good stuff.
Yeah i just can't stop myself from buying these... all of them like $40 usd besides the t420.
thoughts on e or l series?
Read the OP. Generally speaking, avoid both. T, X, or W is what you want.
You're giving them a good home at least :
why did they stop making x convertibles? a real stylus is a lot more useful for doodling diagrams and equations i have trouble imagining how touch is useful on a laptop with a keyboard otherwise
Because Yoga
is that shit like the other non-t/x?
it is shit
I didn't get the yoga because of the tablet feature, but because it was the best deal I could get for a laptop with a trackpoint and a discrete GPU for muh light gaymen mostly gamecube emulation and fallout 3.
Are X1's any good? Thinking of copping for uni/travel
it a good deal /g/?
Not bad.
I need some help /tpg/.I bought my Mom a T420 for her birthday and a bluetooth mouse. I set the computer up the week before so all that was needed was to intinialize the mouse and shes up and running.Well the computer ran flawlessly expect for one thing, bluetooth isnt doing anything. It has drivers, it has bluetooth but its just not working.Last night when I went to bed I let windows install some updates and when I woke up the entire OS was corrupted. It would not boot so I had to let the recovery reinstall windows and now im back to square one.Can anyone give me some tips about how to get this bluetooth working? She gets up in about 2 hours, would really like to have it working by then.
Is it the right Bluetooth version? Can you see the mouse?Just install a clean Windows ASAP, keep the wifi drivers ready and try again.
The mouse is a Logitech M557 and does not specify was version of bluetooth it is. The T420 is supposed to be version 3, with is just one short of the latest version.This is a clean install though. The entire thing was wiped in the recovery, including all files I put on it.
did you install bluetooth drivers from lenovo's support site?
I have not had the time to visit their website to look for drivers yet. Just finished reinstalling all the updates. Im there right now checking out.
Do I downloaded the driver package and installed it, then it popped up an error saying no bluetooth devices was detected.I can see the device in the device manager though. Is the only possibility that its defective?
did you grab the right one? There are probably realtek and intel drivers for bluetooth.
Got to be the right ones. They have 3 drivers listed, one for Windows 8, 7 and XP each. No other bluetooth drivers on there.
what does devmgmt.msc Device Management tell you?
The Bluetooth light below the screen is on, right?
Got my T420s last night and it is fucking amazing.Got a Samsung 850 EVO in it so running at 6gbps SATA. So fucking fast! Screen isn't as bad as people make out. Sure the viewing angles are not amazing but it it decent enough. Did a clean W8.1 install and got the minimal lenovo software installed for drivers and functionality. i think this will easily become my favourite ever laptop.
Doesnt have one. Just a wifi light.Says the device in working properly. IntelR CentrinoR Advanced-N 6205 With the corresponding bluetooth protocol.
Anyone know why only my bluetooth light is on?wifi and hdd indicators dont light up although they are obviously working just fine
So I assume you can open a screen to search for devicesStart the search and immediately turn on the BT mouse.
Yeah. Did that just now and still nothing. The mouse has a connect button, pressed it right after searching for devices and nothing is showing up.
Rumors from established sources in China and Taiwan indicate "Thinkpad Classic" may be on the way.  If you have been planning on purchasing a new Thinkpad in the next few months, hold off for the next several days while potential info arises.
what about your phone or something?try using your phone to see the mouse AND try using your laptop to see your phone, to see if there are any problems.Oh, and maybe logitech has a program to connect?
I'm looking to buy a laptop for uni. Considering a thinkpad, I just don't know which model.it needs to:play 1080p moviesplay some grand strategy gaymes such as victoria 2, aurora, darkest hour, distant worlds and hopefully hoi3I'm going to be typing a lot of stuff on it and doing tons of excel stuff.I don't care much about size.
Put Win10 on T60p WidescreenVideo uses horrid generic PnP driverFind "Vista" CCC drivers on Lenovo siteThese actually still workWacky kernel-space drivers are sometimes a wonderful thing.
My T420 has oneHave you made sure BT isn't turned off in bios?
t450s is pretty dank, you don't even need to bring a charger with the 72wh battery. I don't know what those games are, but if they are a bit more graphically intensive, you can get nvidia graphics that give you double the fps of the intel hd5500.
I did check to make sure the mouse works using my phone, it does.After searching the 6205 chip, it does not support bluetooth. I do not know why it has the protocol installed, I do not know why the T420 is listed has having bluetooth 3.0. I dont know anything anymore.Is the T420 falsely advertising bluetooth or did something swap out the factory chip with one that does not have bluetooth?Anyone know what wireless network adapter comes stock on a T420? Please tell me if you have one.
I checked the bios and did not see anything relating to bluetooth. Can you please tell me what wireless chip is in your T420? That will tell me if I am wasting my time and should contact Newegg for a refund or repair.
I guess you'll have to buy a bt adapter or a wired mouse then.
The same one as yours. Advanced N 6205. The Bluetooth module is separate, it's installed under the palm rest.
you can get nvidia graphics that give you double the fps of the intel hd5500Not in murka.  Yuro/chink import for us only.
grand strategy is usually more cpu intensivebut not that cpu intensive because they are literally maps
Then I dont know whats going on. I do not see a bluetooth light and I see nothing that suggests T420s dont come with bluetooth. Im feeling like I have been lied to by Lenovo.
I guess those graphics aren't really needed then. The cpu is pretty fast, minecraft runs pretty damn well for a laptop, haven't really tried anything else. Maybe check the score on that cpumark list and compare to whatever you're using now.
You have checked under Security, IO port access in the bios and there's no Bluetooth listed there?
Looks like all used Thinkpads in Finland sell for 2½ times the price in OPs list
Get one from Germany, plenty on eBay. Might need to change the keyboard but they're not expensive.
I just checked, why yes, there is and it was disabled. However. still getting the error that there is no bluetooth device detected. I think I was gypped.
The module itself could be fucked or removed, so the seller just disabled it. Before opening it up and checking it I'd try reinstalling the drivers now that its enabled.
That was the driver installation software that told me no device was detected.
Pressing Fn+F5 doesn't do anything to help either?Sounds like the module is dead. They're very cheap and easy to replace if you're comfortable opening it up. Probably costs less than returning it.
Can you direct me to the module?
FRU 42T0969
One more thing, can you tell me the product ID number of your 420?
meant for 
4236-63G
Lets say, theoretically they made a T420 that does not have bluetooth. Would installing this daughter card let me use bluetooth?I would think so since it does have bluetooth in the bios and the drivers for it. The one thing I can get my head around is the fact that I dont have a bluetooth light like you do.
The bt light should be between the WiFi and HDD indicators.Assuming it was possible to configure a custom build without BT, the motherboard and bios are identical and installing the module would work. I'd just open it up first and confirm there's definitely nothing there.
Just bought this in Akiba for 2000yen. Only problem is the fan emitting a strange noise. Might have to open it later..
hows the X201 compared to the T420?are they similar in performance if I get the 201 with 2.66ghz cpu?
t420 is way faster, the x201 doesnt have core i3/i5/i7 cpus IIRC
X201 is first gen i5/i7
nice vn machine
i guess i mixed it up with the x200
Anyone here running TPFanControl? What are your settings on a T420s?
I know it makes no sense to me. Im going to call Lenovo and see what they have to say before I buy it. I may take it apart tomorrow and check out if there is anything there, like you said.
How about used thinkstations? S20 and D20 can be found for 500€-800€
Looks like all used Thinkpads in Finland sell for 2½ times the price in OPs listKatsos täältä:
twf, my docking station was delivered to the shop on the other side of the street, because I was taking a shit while the delivery guy was ringing. The shop is closed for the day :
thinkpadbros?Personally, if they don't fuck any of the specs up too bad I'll be all over that shit.
If you use 7 and up you can download the .iso from Microsoft's website, and yes; your product key should work.
not using 3:2 aspect ratio in 2015no back and forward buttonsClose, but no cigar.If you want 4:3 in 2015 you should be fucking shot.
So I got a x230t second hand but the battery that came with it seems not to be the original and thus is incompatible. How much will a original new battery cost me?
muh movies on a business laptop

holy shit
Too little too late, in my opinion. I get why they're considering doing it that much is obvious but for me I have moved on from ThinkPads which I've owned since day one, and I still have two 701c Butterfly models in near-mint working condition as well. But Lenovo just ruined the ThinkPad for me and there's no coming back now.But they were some damned fine machines in years past and I was always happy to have one with me whenever I needed it.
"T420 with bluetooth problems Guy" here.I called Lenovo and they agreed its probably the lack of a daughter card or the card is burned out. The awesome part is that the laptop is still covered under the warranty for 2 more days so they are shipping me the card out for free.Also my mom used the laptop this morning and loved it. Said it was the perfect size and faster than her smartphone. So thank you all for the help and recommending me a thinkpad. Its all working out good.
glad to hear it, anon!
Anyone have any idea about how to get this in Europe/Scandinavia/Norway? I could use a cheap extra laptop.
Perhaps the bluetooth radio is disabled. Try Fn+F5. Only if hotkey app is installed
Nah, we went through all that, bios, FN, drivers, services, the works. Got to be hardware.
So what is the cheapest model in EU with SSD also preferably light, but it depends?Any tips on what to get in general? I am not to interested in price. I would either use it as a backup at home, mess around with, or use it as the main school laptop.The ASUS I have now is not to great, but it works. I just need something that I can program on and the one I have now works good enough. Would be nice to have something more to mess around with or replace the ASUS I have, if the new one is light enough.Any tips?
I'm making sure to spread the news and make my support obvious so that this may actually happen. As someone who owns a T60p and T420, I was nervous that I'd never be satisfied with a newer ThinkPad. Even between the two models I own, it's painful how many things were changed or left out. I would absolutely buy one of these ThinkPads. I wonder why they're choosing 16:10 over 4:3, though.
What's the best CPU you guys have put into a T60/T60p? Mine has a core duo, and I'm pretty sure I can put a core 2 duo in it. Is that worth doing? I have better machines, but nothing that feels quite as nice to use excluding performance.
Anyone? ;_;
Just install your own SSDNoting carefully that lenovo was inconsistent with the drive bay dimensions in later years. The X220 onwards had a 7mm bay, but the T420/520 et al. had a 9.5mm bay. However, most had 7mm drives and rubber rails corresponding to themOr in usual terms, tl;dr buy 7mm ssd with adapterSince some SSDs may be 9.5mm overall, though I don't think there's much these days, they should all be 7mm + bracket by nowAlso, X201, X220 or X230 perhaps? Just hope to fuck for an IPS panel because the TN is shit. It's small and relatively light though, but it depends on what you define as lightIf you want an Ultrashit, just get one and let it be; X240, X240s or something
Depends on what you are doing. Are you planning to go innawoods with few and far in between chargings? Or are you going to be sitting at home fapping with easy access to a power source.Because a chinese knockoff will run you around 30-40 dollars wile a lenovo authentic battery is over 100. The lenovo will hold a longer charge if its worth the price.
A lotis probably an appropriate answer, especially if you get it through lenovo but that's the only real way to guarantee it, even if the chinese end of ebay is scared of putting lenovo logos on their batteriesThat's the shitty thing about the **30, they introduced battery authentication. Older machines will take newer batteries provided they fit, the only difference is the newer ones have that extra chip but newer machines won't take older batteries
A lotSo we are talking about into the 100$ range? Damn, that makes me regret getting this laptop.
The real kicker is its literally just 6-9 single celled batteries in a plastic case. Like large AA batteries. Each one probably costs like 2 dollars each.
Yep, I know. Sucks there ain't a bios mod for this, well I could try to upgrade the bios but the windows based bios program isn't working either.
The battery won't charge at all, anon.
Just get the cheap chinese one. Its almost as good and the chip thing is easily bypassed by swapping out the battery after you turn it on. I have not actually done this, i read it, so research that first.
anyone got all there fn keys to work as they should on windows 8.1?
8.1Thats your problem.
The thing is that I only have a cheap chinese one, not the original. Or I would have swapped the chips or what ever.
Older machines will take newer batteries provided they fit, the only difference is the newer ones have that extra chip but newer machines won't take older batteriesThis shit infuriates me and is one of the primary reasons I will never buy another Lenovo laptop after my X220 finally kicks the bucket. I tried to install a better wireless network adapter in my X220, looked up the compatibility specs and everything and ordered the exact Intel model number off Newegg. Put that sucker in and powered on the laptop, only to get a BIOS lockout saying I had a "non vendor approved hardware" inside. I had to go find a hacked BIOS that removed the "vendor approved whitelist" so I could use the network card that didn't happen to come from Lenovo's online fucking store.Probably gonna buy one of those nice Dell XPS's next.
Almost all laptops got that BIOS whitelist shit, I'm sure the XPS will have the same problem.
Ahh. Try ebay and look for a completely dead legitimate battery that someone will sell you for less then 5 dollars. Or shell out the sheckles for the real thing. Thats your only real options.
What's to stop the Chinese knockoffs from just spoofing the chip?
Is this really a thing?  Man that is a bullshit.
I dont know. They have not yet done it as far as I know so there must be something in the way.
Yeah probably gonna have to spend 60 euro for a  genuine battery. Have to buy a fucking tablet pen as well for the laptop.If I knew I was going to run in this kind of shit I wouldn't have gotten the x230.Yep, I have an HP Elitebook and Probook one of the Intel wifi modules I have works fine in the Elitebook but not in the Probook. Fucking bullshit.
It's enough of a thing for there to be entire forum communities dedicated to just requesting and pumping out hacked BIOS revisions for Lenovo laptops. If not for them I would have never been able to figure it out myself, shit's like bit level modification.
I'm looking for a used Thinkpad thinking t420 under 200€.Where do I search, aside from ebay?
Picked up a T61 off eBay for $75 in pretty much perfect condition. Ad say 2GB DDR but it came with 3GB. Only downside is that the HDD is painfully fucking slow and I get about an hour out of the battery. How did I do?
this is a pretty ok deal. Get an SSD for blazing speeds, get new battery if needed.
DId read this. Try and and tell us if it works.It was then that I had a thought, they often say that it’s the most obvious solution that works.  The Power Manager software itself comes essentially in two parts, firstly the system software and secondly, the extra toolbar which runs in the system tray that shows you a graphical representation of the charge you have left and, importantly, is where the warning messages are displayed so prevalently.  So I wondered, if I simply right clicked and removed the Power Manager toolbar, would that allow the software to still run and do all of the behind the scenes stuff to keep my battery in good condition without the warning messages being displayed.  It turns out that it does.  By disabling the toolbar, you are still able to access all of the Power Manager features by right clicking the default Windows power icon in the system tray instead or via the Control Panel, meaning that you are able to configure power options and battery options just as before.   Of course you do loose the Lenovo power icon in the system tray but I was never a huge fan of that anyway and it did nothing that the Windows power icon doesn’t.  The end result is that I am now using a non-genuine battery quite happily with Lenovo Power Manager but without all of the annoying warnings and attempts to sell you a new battery.
i just got a t420s from gumtree
Don't have the power manager software, running windows 8.1 with the latest Lenovo shit. However, removing the battery and attaching the battery actually makes it charge for a few seconds before it stops charging again and that's also when the Lenovo shit starts bitching. So let my try removing that.Battery also increased by 1% so it does actually charge.
wow, stuff starts at only 140 pounds. Still 196 euroshekels though.At least it's better than that 180€ B-stock with cracked shells from some refurbishers' websites.Thanks.
I'm looking into thinkpads for uni. I'm going into software engineering comp sciFirst year won't be anything too demanding I feel. I think we will be learning C. I already know java from HS pretty well and did some OpenGL as my final project. I feel like I may start exploring more game development too.Basically I need a well priced laptop with good quality, I don't have an exact budget yetit only gets bigger with timeI need it to:1080p movies maybe, I don't mind watching 720p stuff because lower file size/ can't tell the difference in old moviesplay some games like Dota 2, maybe GTA V on low settingsupgradable storage and ramrun some coding programs, ie, Eclipsepossible video editing but for sure run programs like Photoshop, BlenderDo you think a thinkpad would be ok? I don't know how much money I should spend now. If I get something not too powerful now I may go for something really good in second year too have till the end of uni. Was thinking a T440s/p but it doesn't have 1080p so I guess T450 would be the way to go but that might be too much. Also live in Canada so prices are just slightly higher than US.
last addition. For anyone looking for a german gumtree alternative, there's quoka.de.
T420 with Nvidia GPU could probably do all that you need of it, but tops out at 1600x900 resolution. Look into the T520, I guess.
T7600Read the resources in the OP.
Thanks for the answer.I've been here before. Which thing are you referring to in the OP? I didn't think Thinkwiki said that sort of thing.
Thinkwiki.orgThinkpad ModelsT SeriesT60pIntel Core2Duo MeromRead the chartNo offense, but you didn't try very hard.
No offense, but you didn't try very hard.That lists the best one it came with. There are cases of unsupported CPUs being used, kinda like how the T420 can take 16GB of RAM despite being listed as 8GB of RAM.No offense, but I know what I'm doing.
If you look at the T61 for instance, it shows non-production processors that also work.  There aren't any for the T60/p.
What happened?...nvidia?
My first memepad
buy a T60 for $40 at a flea markettry to run anything other than one web browser ends up slowing to a crawlit lags with LXDE...and I believed you cunts, too.
x201 for 230 dollars i5 540m and 500gb hdd,ahy good
Activate your windows
Could get a x220 for that
What processor and what are you trying to run on it besides a web browser?
get a T60pglorious 2GHz T2500 and ATI V32003GB RAM, 160GB HDDBest 14" 4:3 ThinkPad I've had.
ATI
What, did you get one with like a Core Solo, 512 MB RAM and integrated graphics or something? My T60 with a T2400 and ATI X1300 has been nothing but pleasant surprises for me, but I also didn't go in with any delusions about its capabilities. You're buying a 9-year-old computer, you shouldn't expect modern performance from it. Linux Mint with XFCE runs perfectly usably though, as did Lubuntu for the short time I used it.
How can I make the microphone on my X200 tablet better?It's horribly noise and the driver's noise cancellation does jack shit.
My new T420s :
the alternative is the intel integrated graphics in the non-p model
stop using Windows
swhy?
Looking to get a Thinkpad, but not entirely sure which one. It's pretty much going to be for uni use, mainly word processing and learning programming. I'd like to use Ubuntu on it and perhaps dual boot windows just so I can use photoshop. Is there anything good for that?
X220 or T420 with 9cell battery if you need juiceyou can also get X220 Tablet pic related with digitizer and pen

I run Debian Stretch was Jessie until recently on my T420. I've got the Nvidia GPU set to always on in the BIOS, and I have a 9 cell battery. I get about 2-3 hours of battery life. Does anyone have a comparable setup so I can know if my battery is shitty or if that's normal?Also, what was that program to help with power consumption on ThinkPads? TLP or something?
Look into an ultra bay battery, why not get the extra battery life, most people don't use the DVD bay anyway
disable the microphone effects. There's a setting called "Disable microphone effects"or whatever it's called in english that disables all noise reduction effects. At least my T430 offers that setting
Running arch + win7 on my new x220 and loving it so far. However, I noticed that the battery life is twice as long in windows than arch. Does anyone know why that is/how to fix this??
Install tp-smapi and tlp
So I just got this Thinkpad bluetooth keyboard for my Surface Pro 2 and what the actual fuck is this? I thought it was a fucking meme but now I'm stuck with this crap? What where they fucking thinking?
what's wrong with it?
Lenovo never released a bluetooth keyboard with the old layout. That is their first wireless model
The 'fn' button in place of the ctrl.
Swap them in the BIOS.
How do I access the bios of a bluetooth keyboard? And the Surface doesn't have an accessable bios interface.
61cDamn is that idle temps? Looks fucking hot.
No ambient temp was specified, so the temps are meaningless.
whether the room is hot or cold, that's pretty hot for idle temps
if you're talking about the fn-ctrl swap, stick with that because its superior
Just bought a R60 second hand. Set me back about $50, did I fuck up?
installing ubuntu in a vm which is pushing the temp up. normally idles around 50c
thats pretty warm if on idle, i get this on idle on t420s
i was installing an ubuntu vm which is why the temp is high. normally idles in the 40s like yours
then its alright, didnt notice the post that you were installing vm
see 
 hereambient temp is about 25c for me
fuck guys, thinkpad classic
Based
The keyboard on my W510 makes me cum with every key press.
awwwwwwww yis! I would love a 4:3 laptop with whatever 3 or 4K is in a 4:3 res. IPS. 16GB RAM. Two PCIe/M.2 512GB SSD. The keyboard layout from the T420 series but backlit as well as thinklight. physical mouse buttons. but im getting hard thinking about it.
yeah same for me on my 420 :
I need to get a laptop for my father that he will be using with Windows for DJing at our restaurant, he'll probably get a controller for VirtualDJ later.I'm thinking of a used T420 with integrated graphics, I think he'll also use it to play videos but as far as I read a HD3000 is plenty enough.Think it will do well?
Hi guys, is a t400s with 8RAM and an extended 33+ original battery good for 200€?
Absolutely not. Its not even worth 100. You could get a good condition T420 or x220 for that.
tfw hard drive starts clicking
turn the music louder
No problem, just buy a new one and transfer everything important over before it dies.
winter is coming
2015hard drive
2015being a cuck
happened to my thinkpad yesterday evening.yesterday morning before going to work i was like, "okay today i'm gonna make a huge backup of that 700GB WD Black, it's been a while."the EVENING it starts making creepy noises. can't boot windows anymoreboot on a buntua few bad sectorscopy everything i can saveskip the damaged filesnext step, i'm gonna perform an in-depth disk check once it's finished, i'm crossing fingers but i'm gonna order a new one and keep this one as untrustable, or just for the xbox or something useless. like a very long term archive like i did with old hard disks.
SSDs doesn't last longer because of limited R/W cycles.hurp cloud sterage you goit nothing to hide stop piracingdiaf.
Have a Toshiba 1TB external that works without a problemClicks while hooked up to a turned off computer Is it dying?
CPU is squealing on load
I've been called to do a summer Internship programming for iOS. However, I have no prior knowledge of Mac and I never tried Objective C.Should I do it?
Not if they want you to code in obj-c isntead of swift lol
I have no knowledge so I assumed it was obj-c, but that may not be the case.
Well I don't havem uch knowledge either, but form what I have seen swift is a simpler, easier to understand version of ob.C and their whole ecosystem is built around it, so yeh, if you dont have anything else productive to do, go.
I was in the same spot and successfully performed major updates to some legacy iOS app they hadn't touched for like 5 years. Took some time to understand the paradigms, but in the end wasn't difficult.Now I'm working on porting some native app to hybrid, I'm learning all new shit again.I think we may be done in a few months too.Honestly don't know why pay is so good for things like this.
Do it retard, it looks good for your resume.
You've been given the opportunity for an internship. Are you an idiot? Take it. Boosts career prospects by a fantastic margin. Looks great on CV. Put in the extra work on learning new shit and get rewarded.
just do it
Do it you mong. If they're willing to hold your hand a bit, you should be golden.
YESTERDAY YOU SAID TOMORROW SO JUST DO IT

, 
class="quote"Apple Removes All American Civil War Games From the App Store Because of the Confederate FlagiOS, not even once!
let's ban history guys!The Confederate flag wasn't even a symbol of racial hate during the war, so even if they had a semblance of ground to stand on for modern day, this context makes absolutely no sense to remove it. But then again, Apple arbitrarily banning apps is nothing new, so whatever.
AppleYes
lets ignore everything that happen, it won't happen again guise I swearWhat happened to the US ;-;
I have startet on a education within IT support etc. But im now sure what i want to pick as further education. Generell job it tread. What do you do for a living?
What went wrong?
Everything
When the fire nation attacked
A turboautist's practical joke was taken seriously by way too many people.
Nothing, retards just like to perpetuate stupid /g/ nonsense about the language. It is a perfectly fine professional language used by most commercial software firms.
Like every other embrace and extend technology, it's full of a lot of shit that would be gone in a clean slate approach.academic circlejerk languages or clean slate languages almost never get traction, so the fact that they look good in comparison isn't even really relevant.evolution just selects for the strongest thing at any given time without regard to elegance or following stupid local maxima
literally this. it was invented by a guy who's too shy to shave his head.

Nothing went wrong. You just got upset and quit before learning Hello World.
Most?Java and C# are used more than sepples, m8.Then again, so is PHP, so that doesn't say too much.
up everything in painful detail, but at least it's funny. And all true.
C++ is the normie of /g/endlessly and autisticaly bitched by the average robot and painted as a moral fault such as being a 'degenerate' because they refuse to put in the necessary effort to master it
I've seen plenty of newfangled languages try and take on object oriented and 'be the new Java' or some shitBut I've never really seen anyone directly attempt to draft a "better C/C++". Neither C nor C++.Feels like that just says that C and C++ themselves are absolutely perfect for what they were designed for.Don't know if that says more about how little things have changed since the 80s or about how much foresight they had.
java and c++ were the "new" c, specifically adapting it to oop and trying to be even more portable, and automate a good chunk of the work, allowable thanks to hardwares absurd growth rateBut yeah, on the software side things haven't changed very much since the 80s. however, its hard to say if thats perfectly normal and good and fine, and hardware growth is just an anomaly, because hardware improvement is going way faster than any kind of tech before it
Absolutely everything. This is what happens when you design by committee.
some faggot nerd with a weird name creates a language specialized for a subset of problemsa bunch of fucktards use it for problems which other languages would suit bettersome other fucktards begin to hate the language because of all the fucktards writing shitty codewelcome to enterprise
Language trends aren't evolution, but a combination of entrenchment and marketing and stupidity.That said, barely anyone actually uses sepples.
10,000-page specSpecialized for what?
- It's not C- Huge bloated standard library- OverratedObviously OOP comes in handy when developing games or generally software which handles entities of some kind, but for many, many programs OOP is just overkill and makes thinks overly complicated.
Obviously OOP comes in handy when developing gamesNo it doesn't.
Elaborate?
It's pure dogma created by people without any critical thinking skills, nothing else. They think "oh, games are full of objects so a language with an emphasis on objects must be ideal!" but what really happens is an enormous emount of pointless repetition because so much faith is put in the object model where it could instead be put in generalized code.And don't suggest inheritance -- you invariably end up overriding everywhere.Using sepples for games is a pointless jeopardization. Even Tim Sweeney has woken up to this fact.

The first compilers weren't much more than a preprocessor that just transliterated to C. They should have just designed a new language instead of piling it on top of C.
Csmall as as shit libraryhave to write everything yourselflol why's C++ library so BLOATEDFuck right off.
Everyone know's this already
the C part
Sepples STL doesn't actually have anything useful.
this * unsigned long long -1;
I just want a language that writes as simply as C# but compiles down to native machine code. Is that too difficult?
C++ doesn't need to be such a huge bloated mess. I mean, you can MOSTLY fix that shit language by a handful of quick fixes and streamlines. Stuff like making shared_ptr an integral part of the language or some minor syntactic sugar for const, casts and polymorphic classes. Also, get rid of the :: shit. Ugliest piece of shit in the entire language.And death to header files. Header files are a C thing. They have absolutely no place in C++, where namespace exist. How hard can it really be to have the compiler or preprocessor automatically generate header files for your cpp code? It's ridiculous that we even have to think about this stuff in 2015.

Instead of picking a single design philosophy it decided to choose them all and become this monolithic hodgepodge which meant snakeoil salesmen couldn't hype it up and declare it to be the next biggest lean happy thing since sliced bread.
Have you never heard of JITs? Java, Python, Erlang, Lua, and many other interpreted languages have JIT compliers.
That's already been done. The result is called D.
Except nobody uses it because in the end, it's not C++.
Also, get rid of the :: shit. Ugliest piece of shit in the entire language.Hah, just check out Rust then, you'll love it.
What do you think about this piece of technology?
Made by faggots, for faggots.
Please dont use that word on 4chan
, 
Will you be making apps for WP10?
what do i need to know to start?
C#, XAML and you're good to go
C#, as  says, is preferable but AFAICT JavaScript and some understanding of Visual Studio will do.
According to IDC's data published Feb. 12 2015, Android's market share grew from 78.7 percent in 2013 to 81.5 percent in 2014, while iOS dropped 15.1 percent to 14.8 percent. Windows Phone saw its market share fall from 3.3 percent to 2.7 percent.Sounds like the next big thing!
According to my data you didn't provide a reference.
Fine, how do I do this on Ubuntu or OSX?
By using an OS not made for faggots
Natively? You can't. MS offers Windows 10 VMs for free for devs, tho. That's what I'm using.
It's not that I don't believe but you got a source on this information?
class="quote"google is hard
Continuum for phones is pretty much what Canonical has been trying and failing to do with Ubuntu phones
How are they expecting to get app developers when they don't even support OSX?App devs use Macs, cause that's the only platform on which you can develop for both important plattforms: iOS and Android.
You can have a growing  number of devices/users and a dropping market share. In fact, that is the case with WP/iOS vs. Android   because Android's growth has been huge lately. What got me interested  in WP  despite it growing much slower than Android is that it seems a lot easier to get into than Android because its  store  does not yet have 9000 apps of each kind.
How are they expecting to get app developers when they don't even support OSX?Yeah, I'm wondering that too. With their recent porting of the official .NET to OS X/Linux maybe we'll get a real Visual Studio port some time after WP10 hits the market. I am not too fond of running a VM myself and I don't want to dual-boot.
a friend of mine uses some fagbook for profgrammingand he can switch to ubuntu and windows on one of his many desktops, takes about a secI don't understand your arguments
What about Visual Studio Code
That's called a VM. Running a Windows 10 VM will use up 1-2 GB RAM just for the OS stuff. On a 4 to 8 gig laptop that's a lot.
it's a VMno shit thanks SherlockI never said otherwisethe point of my post was how easy it was on a macbook to run multiple OS at the same time
You mean Windows 10 Mobile right?
And my point is that there's an overhead to running a VM, so it's kind of obvious why people wouldn't.
Using a VM is still cumbersome as fuck.
Visual Studio Code is just a text editor and also still in some beta / testing state if I may add, it doesn't do any of those things you think it does.
, 
Why is Japan so technologically advanced and yet backwards at the same time?Like, they have robot toilets and shop assistants and bullet trains and so on. Yet at the same time they're still paying $50 for a single CD, smartphones took forever to take off, and they seem to hold on to dead formats for years. Even their advances in technology seem like a continuation of the 80's and 90's idea for the future, rather than  the more progressive view in the Western world.Is it a cultural thing?
They only make those things because they're lazy cunts with a declining population, they already want to start mass-producing robot servants. They don't care about anything else.Fuckers still use Fax.
Are you really sure they're as backwards as  you think?In my view a lot of their habits are a response to recent tech being so bullshit.
Even their advances in technology seem like a continuation of the 80's and 90's idea for the future,This was better tbh
My uncle still uses fax? What's wrong with it?
because they hate Korea
They're still using IE.I'd say yes.
You will barely see an ATM, and most shops don't take card payment.Most offices are still paper-based, even banks. Ridiculous.
Japanese are retarded because they refuse to buy from or do business with Samsung
Because together with Hong Kong they are becoming cyber punk, high tech low life
paying for a dumbed down computer that fits in your pocket and allows the folks at google and the NSA to track youadvanced
they're not technological advanced anon, anyone can buy a robot toilet if  they really want to.
hmm
not going eunuch mode cyanogenmod to free yourself from the jewgle cabal
 smartphonesthey literally call them trackphones
Their websites look like they were built in the 90s
They still use shit like this though. I'd rather have a smartphone.Apparently they call flip-phones "Galapagos" phones because they know they're outdated.
Most offices are still paper-based, even banks. Ridiculous.That's because japanese can't be easily be done with computersWhen the first computer able to take japanese input was done it was declared a IEEE milestone, ie, one of the greatest achievements in electrical engineeringNowdayys they use predictive text and shit, like the old T9 phones, it's still much easier and faster to just do it on paper
something something old people
After WW2 Japan decided it would no longer have a military that was capable of waging war. Instead, during the 1960's they proposed that they would invest heavily in technology industries and by the 1970's they were putting 33% of GDP into technology research. By the 1980's they had started pushing out consumer technology way in advance of anything seen in the west. By the 1990's they were at least 10 years ahead, and by the millenium they had started developing smartphone technology. Which leads us to now, and your question. Throughout all that time, Japan never became a throw-away society like the EU and USA. Re-use of technologies and advancement of technology are compatible in Japan. People do not simply throw stuff away because the next greatest gadget has been advertised on TV, they reuse it and hand it down to other people. They just arent as stupid, lazy, and destructive, as people in the west
Yet at the same time they're still paying $50 for a single CDIt's more like $20, and it's because they are price fixed.
the japanese value technology and the idea of economic growth, but not progress in the western sense. they're socially conservative.the reason they were ahead for a while was because there was a general economic boom going on. also they have a different view of things in many regards. it's considered normal for a japanese company to produce cars as well as office supplies as well as toilets. in the west, a company usually sticks to its core business 'genre', within reason. the nipponese just have a hard-on for being #1, but you can't be number one whilst being socially conservative at this point, so their economy and culture is taking a dump in our era of globalisationi heard it's a hassle for international business partners since they have to fax their shit to them rather than just emailing it. i don't really see any advantage in using fax tbh
Galápagos syndrome ガラパゴス化 Garapagosu-ka? is a term of Japanese origin, which refers to an isolated development branch of a globally available product. The term is a reference to similar phenomena Charles Darwin encountered in the Galápagos Islands, with its isolated flora and fauna, which were key observations in the development of Evolutionary Theory.
Put it this way OP, when your average Japanese keyboard looks like this its not easy to let go of the past.
I thought this was chinese.
Some countries just advance in different areas. Back before iPhone etc, USA was backwards as fuck when it came to cell phones. Americans were in love with flip phones while European phones were getting better specs and abilities etc. Then USA's 3G networks are shite compared to Europe, then USA pulled again and put Europes LTE network to shame.
neither chinese nor japanese keyboards usually look like this, they actually look similar to western ones. one key for several characters, the computer will choose the right one by context. i think.that being said both languages definitely have enough characters to fill a "keyboard" as in that picture.
Fags in this thead ignore how japanese mobile culture was much more advanced than the mobile culture in the westE-mailConfigurable DatabasesPhone and address booksAlarm clocks and stopwatchesLive Video feed via PiconetMobile games, such as role-playing games like Dragon Quest or Final Fantasy seriesDaytimersVarying degrees of image enhancement capabilities, such as the option to create borders, to create animations, and more.Instant messengersCalculator, calendar, schedule note and memo padPlayback of downloaded musicRecording and playback of voices, music, images and picturesPortable music player MP3 player etc.Portable video player MP4 player etc.Viewing online Flash video YouTube, Nico Nico Douga etc.Video callingNavigation by GPSViewing and listening to TV 1seg and radio FM/AMViewing video on demand contents use packet data transfer for video streaming to watch, contents available from video on demand service provider, contents available with pay per contents/limited period etc. for watching, use the cell phone's video viewer or download and use contents provider's video viewer application for cell phone.TV phoneCrime prevention buzzer with automatic reporting system to the policePedometer'Read aloud' systemTouch-pad systemA fingerprint/face recognition system for the protection of personal dataMobile centrex service with wireless LANE-money service and various certification functions through Untouched IC card FeliCa etc.Various services with NTT DoCoMo’s ‘Osaifu-Keitai mobile phone with wallet function’E-money service e.g. ‘Edy’Function as ‘Mobile Suica,’ which can be used for a season ticket and a train ticketCmode: vending machines which can be used with QR Code and ‘Osaifu-Keitai’ of a mobile phoneI concierge : NTT DoCoMo's service. Teaching information about traffic,food,shopping etc.by GPS
yeah that keyboard is def chinesewtf is that anon talking about
Last time I saw a Chinese person typing, it was admittedly a UK keyboard but she had Chinese Language pack installed in Windows. She'd just type the sound a symbol made with western characters and it assigned the appropriate symbol.
The reason they use this therm is because phones in other countries lack the features their phones have, until recently phones in the west were really subpar to nip phones
She'd just type the sound a symbol made with western characterseven then the pc has to decide using context. there's always a shitload of chars for every sound.
Its wasteful and pointless when email is superior in every way and internet has become common as fuck in the last few years..
If it had multiple symbols it would pop them all up and ask her to choose.
wasDid you know the United States was the leader in car manufacturing?assembly line
The term was originally coined to refer to Japanese 3G mobile phones, which had developed a large number of specialized features and dominated Japan, but were unsuccessful abroad. The term arose as part of the dialog about Japan's position as an island nation, and related anxiety about being isolated from the world at large. The term has since been used for similar phenomena in other markets. A derived term is Gara-phone ガラケー gara-kei?, blending with "mobile phone" 携帯 keitai?, used to refer to Japanese feature phones, by contrast with newer smart phones.
Backwards to us, maybe.Oh gosh...I guess that makes sense. Any kanji-based language would be difficult to input to a computer. Not to mention, in the early days of computers ; intro of ASCII, Unicode etc ; English was the primary focus w/ other languages as an afterthought. Fucking iPhone 4Ss still use 3G for data. I've been getting fucking ripped off since 2013. I hope the iPhone 6 has fucking 4G LTE capabilities. Why, Apple?
Looking at the adverts around handegg, Americans pay ridiculous amounts for phone data though.I pay about $10 a month for unlimited 4G. Apparently this is an offer in the States.
And then they got beat by apple
Apple marketing is a form of mind control.
depends on company, t-mobile offers better rates
I type Cyrillic on my qwerty keyboard. Windows make that happen.  It's not a transliteration though.  You need to know the source keyboard layout and type the right key.  It's not easy as saying "Type as it sounds"Problem is that with languages such as Japanese or Chinese you have several symbols that are read exactly the same but mean something entirely different.  Kanji doesn't helps the equation either.If you were to have a truly native keyboard you would need no less than a thousand characters and more.  Due to this Japanese have opted to keep daily transactions old school and only use computers where it's really needed since with the current input system it's a burden using computers unless vital
japstechnologically advancedwhat?
I think a faxed document can be used as a legal document in court, while with email you cannot use in court.
Because vaporwave dudeYou know cyberpunk shit
Being buttfucked by corporations is Japan is considered honorable.
Blacktually, it's not. Medfag here, we have to fax medical records and documents because it's way easier to get someone's email credentials than intercept a fax. So fax is way more secure.
Why is Japan so technologically advancedstopped reading here
It's their way to dance on Matthew Perry's grave
Because as much as weeaboo faggots like to pretend, Japanese culture and language is inferior. In no way is their technology more advanced, they just like weird shit. Just about everything in their country is fucked up, but autistic assclowns in Western countries like to idolize it and pretend like they would fit in there despite their complete inability to fit in where they live.
damn i just read what I wrotewtf
Most of the US's major technological achievements are in the military away from the eyes of citizens
this is bait, isn't it?
post your space age toilet, you dirty gaijin
And of course we have the weeaboos convincing themselves that the truth is actually bait
implying their toilets are advancedAny hobbyist in a western country could build their own if they wanted. Western companies could manufacture much more advacned and better toilet technology, then send it off to the curry and rice niggers to mass produce for cheap. We choose not to because we don't live in a culture where we want water shot up our ass 5 times a day but think uncensored porn is immoral.
Japanese phones were good. Apple changed the game, Japanese phones couldn't keep up.
w-we don't want your stupid advanced _____ anyway!lol
Muh weeb cars Initial D so coolGT-R has been thoroughly destroyed by Chevy Corvette
Chevy CorvetteWho in their right mind would buy a GM shitheap in this day and age?  If there's one thing Japs know it's cars.
advancedSee, that's where you fucked up again, anon. It's not advanced. They could have been manufactured with technology from the 70s just fine. Maybe weeaboos have a different definition of advanced, but here in developed countries ~45 year old tech would not be considered advanced.
And motorcycles, especially motorcycles
So on a real note, when will Japan uncensor their porn?
Who cares.  There's already a ton of newer JAV produced off the mainland that's uncensored.
Japanese companies
Doesnt Japan dont use computers because they dont write kanji and without kanji doesnt look "professional" enough?
i don't know if that's a liberty walk kit, but liberty makes the gayest wide body kits. the only thing they care is "we need to go wider". a part of japan has a nice car culture, but they also breed the ugliest car mods around. they have these dysfunctional "cambered out" cars.
Cars from America and Europe are miles better than any shitbox from Japan or Korea. One anon hit the nail on the head saying people idolize Japan because it's one of the few exotic first world countries. It's a pain in the ass for western corporations to work with Japanese ones because of their culture. I do give them credit for making manufacturing more efficient by calculating how long and how much each process will cost them, using cheapest materials, making workstations streamlined, etc. With this said, American corporations have caught on and exceeded them
Has anyone dont really been Far Even as dont decided to use even go want to do doesnt look more like?
japan decidedthe US decided that lol

it's call Stance, and you're right it's the dumbest trend in cars right now, but its not just a Japanese thing, Google Stanceworks if you don't believe me
Their innovations are much more socially oriented, rather than individual. They are racially homogeneous and so there's a high level of social identity to divert innovation towards that direction and away from the individual.
fucking BTFO
As long as they keep making anime about cute girls I don't care what they do.
Japan in charge of cybersecurityclass="quote"Worker downloaded exe file from Email attachment.1.2 million personal information leaked.
$10 bucks says it was in clear text format
Japanese people are okay with a lack of growth, because in the end growth isn't sustainable forever, but stagnation is. It also comes from their huge conservative aging population outweighing younger folk. They're especially conservative because they culturally avoid conflict at all costs, making change difficult.
They don't have Common Sense 2015?
Common Sense 2015Look back at Sony's information leak and clearly they don't learn their lesson.
that bullshit honor system derived from Bushido is to blame
Nah, the ww2 legacy is. It's the same deal Germany has, except they're coping better.
can't they type japanese in latin alphabet though?why don't they do this
You know Germany has surpassed Japan for lowest birthrates right?
They can and do often when typing, but kana is more dense. What benefit would it have?
What.Anything in particular to look for? Just 'uncensored JAV' and hope for the best?
They don'tAll file were not encryptedHand the typing job to the Chinese Employee never receive up-to-date training to handle this situation
can't they type japanese in latin alphabet though?Because they have a shitload of homophones that are distinguished by different kana.
You're complaining about fax when there's still Telex machines in operation
Their words are heavily syllabic. Consonants don't come one after the other and their alphabet reflects this:か - ka, き - ki, く - ku, け - ke, こ - koThat's why there's a lot of characters in their phonetic alphabet. But it is suited to their language.wasure mono wa tabun getabako no ueisわすれ もの わ たぶン げたばこ の うえin hiragana.
thread getting hijacked by weebos/out/
Consonants don't come one after the othertabun getabakon g
where do you think you are?
buyBut not design and produce.
When they start distributing everything outside Japan. If they sell it in Japan it must be censored but if they host the files offshore then there's no need to censor it.It sounds simple but you have sites like DMM that still geoblock for whatever reason.
USAgood LTE networkWell joke'd my friend.
Awful typesetting.
even then the pc has to decide using context. there's always a shitload of chars for every sound.Dunno about Chinese, but for Japanese, you can type kana on a standard qwerty keyboard either manually or by turning each key to a whole kana. For kanji, you type in the kana equivalent and press ctrl+down to turn it into kanji. If there are multiple kanji for the same kana, you can cycle through them.I don't remember if the standard windows IME will automatically try converting entire words by prediction, or if you need to manually highlight the part you want to convert and then press ctrl+down.I could be wrong, it has been years since I last tried it. Also there was some anime where you can see the main character doing this, and they made a joke about it too: he gets disturbed for some reason, ends up cycling to a different kanji by accident, and the letter he is writing ends up sounding like a love letter because of this.
Apple changed the game, Japanese phones couldn't keep up.They didn't need to because they were practical. Their phones already do anything they need them to.The smartphone race on the west is one gigantic tech circlejerk.
I could be wrong, it has been years since I last tried it. Also there was some anime where you can see the main character doing this, and they made a joke about it too: he gets disturbed for some reason, ends up cycling to a different kanji by accident, and the letter he is writing ends up sounding like a love letter because of this.Which anime?
Because we actually did most of those things on PC. Most nips don't have PCs.
show us your flip phoen
More like they couldn't move onto a richer experience on iPhone because they didn't have the service providers/tied to older services.
Live in Japan for a few years if you really want to know how fucked up things are.people work 7am-10pm monday-saturday, sometimes sundayonly places that dont overwork and arent open long are the important ones: city halls, post offices, banks, immigration bureaus, etc are only open 9-4 mon-fri with an hour off for lunch ie not open when people can actually gohospitals are not open 24/7atm machines at post offices are kept in a separate anterior room that is open until 5, but the glass door locks then making it inaccessible. their reason is to prevent theft, in a country with low crime, thinking a thief who is willing to break into an atm machine wouldnt go through a glass door/windowrelationships are valued on similar interests in food, humor, movies etc, NOT on each others character, personality or mutual caretrashcans are extremely rare, usually only on train platforms or at a convenience storeclocks are not very common so youre SOL if your phone diescredit cards work by making you repay youre entire outstanding balance the next month install of paying a minimum payment + whatever you want to pay back option to pay installments 3, 5, 10, etc until 36 times. can not change or pay more or less than amount specified by this divisionphones lock camera sound unless you root and disable it to prevent upskirt photographers, who will root and disable it anywaysquat toilets still existits perfectly ok to clear your nose and throat with a loud, gross hock a well as eat with your mouth open very loudlymust be the same as everyone. originality, creativity, uniqueness is shunnedrefuse to touch anything chinese or korean because of their unjust hate for countries they raped and pillaged 70 years agomandatory health insurance which requires you to pay when you go anywaystill using handwipes and cleaning floors via hand instead of mops or more conventional tools because muh heritage
EROTIC GAMES.jpg
Also, faxes are legally binding in some places afaik,
refuse to touch anything chinese or korean because of their unjust hate for countries they raped and pillaged 70 years agoYou sound Chinese.
わn is an exception
fucking barbrians
 weaboos on 4chanwho would have thought?
yes, that is why legal departments use faxes
Fags in this thead ignore how japanese mobile culture was much more advanced than the mobile culture in the westWeeaboo much?
cont.brag about life expectancy due to their diet, require yearly stomach x-rays that pump a years worth of radiation into you. reason: because they say sobroadcasting company NHK comes around and demands monthly payments if you so much as own a tv or even just a phone with tv capabilitiesall companies send charges to your bank at the end of the month when everyone is at the end of their monthly budget instead of the startmedicine is heavily weakenedwith water from any faucet, the difference between scalding hot and freezing cold is less than a millimeter in rotationmeanwhile you are given two stove top burners and nothing else in an apartment and they take about 40 minutes to heat up water to a boilapartment companies will not repair,replace or unclog anything in your house for free after a yearschools do not have grades for the most part and whether you work hard or slack off the entire year you move on to the next levelinstead of students having their own individual schedules designed for them and allowing things such as AP or IP classes and the opposite classes for retards, and instead of having those classes everyday, students are put into a single classroom and they have the same schedule as their other students, but only have 1 particular class 2-4 times a week, sometimes lessreally terrible advertisement design that has no sense of direction or ease of mind. just clusterfucks
They're facts m8, the US was retardedly behind in phones until the iPhone 3GS took off
require yearly stomach x-rays that pump a years worth of radiation into youhow much radiation you think you get per scans? is not that much, IIRC is like a two days worth
So basically it's like every other fucking country in the world right ?You sound like an unhappy tenant complaining about how slow the water for the bath heats up or that the neighbours are noisy...
Seriously, weeaboos really disgust me out.
schools do not have grades for the most part and whether you work hard or slack off the entire year you move on to the next levelSo that's why there's a ton of fags constantly failing uni entrance exams?
 on 4chins complaining about weaboosyamete kudasai baka inu
what about the high school prostitutes, or the suicides? come one man, if you are going to complaint at least do it right
Allow me.
did you ever consider that the obsession with progress and obsolescence is a western quirk, and that the japanese are the normal ones?I think it's fucking obnoxious how eager people in our culture are to deprecate technology which is still useful.
its perfectly acceptable to believe some idea in your head or something someone told you about someone else and cut contact with them rather than consult that person directlyjokes and sarcasm are virtually nonexistantlive to work mindsetonly report on international news sports, entertainment, politics, anything exclusively if a japanese person is involved, and center the entire story about that japanese personpeoplein japan or in any country, they expect you to conform to their rules, customs, way of thinking as well as understand them, but refuse to try to understand you, your customs, your way of thinking, and even if you are in japan and do all of that they go about saying 'well you arent japanese' or somethingno driers in this so called technology heaven. people still dry their clothes on hangerspeople just burp and fart like its no ones business, especially in the bathroom. making an explosive shit with noise and moaning is okno one apologizes or accepts responsibility for everything despite what the stereotypical image of japanese people bowing and begging for forgiveness might make you think and then never forgives or accepts apologies for anything.  even for trivial thingstrash days for specific types of trash, must buy a specific trash bag for that type of trash in your city with your city's name on it, then sign and the date the bag when you take it out and put it in the space for your apts/dorms/buildings trash, and not someone elses else someone from that building will notice and dig through your trash for an hour looking for something with your name on it, then contact the police to come talk to you about putting your trash not over there, but 3 meters over here where your trash goes
Oh no, please I insist.
So basically it's like every other fucking country in the world right ?Oh please do try to tell me how its like every other country in the world.I have a lot of time and a lot of chocolate. Please, entertain me
and oh yeahpolice do not patrol on foot nor in car, they simply hang out in the koban boxes until someone calls them about trash or something
What pathetic race.  These faggots haven't even adopted node.js and Atom yet.  Stupid gooks. Do they even Javascript?
Ching ling ding dong.
cultural ideas about waste. if it works why get new thing?
this isn't the 80s anymore.
they're xenophobic as fuck thats why.
They've been sniffing too much butt lotion

go into job hunting 3rd year of college, and after a while its very difficult to change professions or even companies in the same field because of loyalty shitchildhood myth bullshit like getting cold or wet in the rain will cause colds, or gargling water has some health effect, is promoted and everyone does itnothing is ever questioned, just accepted. english textbooks in schools are fucked up but if you say 'hey this isnt natural/right'. the response is 'but the textbook says this'poor dental healthcare, poor mental healthcareok to persecute people for being late to school, work, anything, but not ok to blame the bus that was 40 minutes late.wall outlets almost never have grounding/earth line. you cant install them in anything but your own HOUSE. only outlets with them are the outlets places near appliances that require them washer, aircon, refridgerator. yet many appliances and electronics come with a grounding wire to make them safe, although you cant use it. so good luck not getting electrocuted gaijin faggotgo to shrines, pray, worship and pay gods and deities they do not themselves even believe inclaim to have strong culture when nearly everything either historically came from china or modernly came from america including language, architecture, food, clothing, and religion
no one apologizes or accepts responsibility for everything and then never forgives or accepts apologies for anything. even for trivial thingsits probably because you were a foreigner
There's still no good reason for them to be giant assholes to American foreigners assuming he's American
I'll try:people work 7am-10pmPeople are payed for how much they work. They work as much as they want.city halls, post offices, banks, etc.. not open when people can actually goAs opposed to the 24/7  program they have in the US ?sarcasmhospitals are not open 24/7So people work a lot but somehow hospitals don't have doctors on call during the night ?atm machines at post offices are kept in a separate anterior room I've seen outside ATMs in Japan and I've seen indoors ATMs in other countries.relationships are valued on similar interests in food, humor, movies etc, NOT on each others character, personalityBut that's literally the same thing. You can describe someone's personality by simply stating the things he likes/dislikes, have you never speed dated ?trashcans are extremely rareUh, what ? What metric did you use for this "rarity" ?clocks are not very commonAnd in other countries they have clocks everywhere ?credit cards work by making you This U just don't understand, too much tax-speak.phones lock camera soundbullshit it's manufacturer dependent same as everywhere.squat toilets still existhave you ever been to east europe ?its perfectly ok to clear your nose and throat, eat with open mouthand this is frowned upon where exactly ?must be the same as everyoneAs opposed to other countries where everybody is encouraged to be different, arrive at work at different hours, eat different food, dress in different colours and wtf this is a retarded thing to say.refuse to touch anything chinese or koreanThey have stereotypes of their neighbours just like EVERY FUCKING COUNTRY IN THE WORLD.mandatory health insurance requires you to pay when you go anywayJust like in most countries, it doesn't cover everything and usually gives discounts.still using handwipes and cleaning floors via hand instead of mopsThis is just a lie. Professional cleaners use professional tools.
this i just don't understand, too much tax-speakoh lordy
Then there are these assholes.Pissed off conservative old guys drive around in the big black vans with PA systems attached, yelling "Fuck every country but us! Long live the emperor!"
Someone doesn't look at the numbers for their cars. Hell watch any episode of top gear and you're understand.
those are problems with japan, not things that make life difficult or bullshiti could say,anime, manga, film, tv, books, pop culture in general celebrate the high school girl image, but if you admit to liking such then you are viewed as a pedophile or hentaiwhich reminds methe concept of 'flirting' doesnt quite exist. the closest is 'nanpa' which means when a guy talks to a girl suddenly in a public place. its viewed very negatively, and trying to talk to some girl you dont know to date or even just be friends is heavily shunned and viewed nearly on the same level as rape
in japan or in any country, they expect you to conform to their rules, customs, way of thinking as well as understand them, but refuse to try to understand you, your customs, your way of thinkingHow is this bad? If you're going to live in another country you should fucking learn their culture and keep your own culture to yourself. They have no obligation to accept your shit.
Crap, forgot picture.The ukyou dantai they are called.Exagerrated with "Fuck every country but us," but they are radical right-wing, who prefer the pre-WWII isolationism.
cont. trying to show how stupid your arguements are.require yearly stomach x-rays if the life expectancy is high doesn't that make this irrelevant ?tv taxjust like in UK, Italy, France, etc...all companies send charges to your bank at the end of the monthI pay my rent at the end of the month too, as well as most taxes really.medicine is heavily weakenedwhat ? this just sounds idiotic I'm pretty sure Japan has first world level medical care.with water from any faucet, the difference between scalding hot and freezing cold is less than a millimeter in rotationThis is literally autism. Get a better faucet you imbecile.meanwhile you are given two stove top burners and nothing else in an apartment and they take about 40 minutes to heat up water to a boilAre you literally a 60yo man ?apartment companies will not repair,replace or unclog anything in your house for free after a yearWhy would they ? It's your apartment isn't it ?schools do not have gradesYes they do. You have the chance to retake classes you fail... just like everywhere else.instead of students having their own individual schedules designed for th... everybody has same classesSo it's like in all schools that aren't american.really terrible advertisement designAnother idiotic and subjective arguement.
I wasn't defending them I was just suggesting they're only apologetic to other japs, due to racism
Changjie doesn't use sound to input, it use symbols, like a is 日, and b is 月, ab will be 明
go to shrines, pray, worship and pay gods and deities they do not themselves even believe inShinto is an action-based religion and doesn't concern itself with morality as much. If Christianity was like this, it would be in a much healthier state.
So it's like in all schools that aren't american.It's not even like that in America. We have all our shit picked for us except for electives up to the very end of high school. I don't know what the fuck the other guy is talking about if he happens to be from burgerland.
its perfectly acceptable to believe some idea in your head or something someone told you about someone else and cut contact with them rather than consult that person directlyWow, selfish self-centered people exist ? FUCKING AMAZING !jokes and sarcasm are virtually nonexistantbullshit.live to work mindsetsee aboveonly report on international news sports, entertainment, politics, anything exclusively if a japanese person is involved, and center the entire story about that japanese personpeopleWow, so it's... JUST LIKE EVERYFUCKING WHERE ELSE !!!!!in japan or in any country, they expect you to conform to their rules, customs, way of thinking....AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA YOU FUCKING RETARD THIS IS THE SAME FUCKING EVERYWHERE.no driers in this so called technology heaven. people still dry their clothes on hangers.... washing machines have drying functionality included....people just burp and fart like its no ones business, especially in the bathroom. making an explosive shit with noise and moaning is okYou know I've heard this being said about 5-10 different countries ? It's a lie, like saying people from country X always smell.no one apologizes or accepts responsibility for everythingREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EVERYWHERE ELSE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEtrash days for specific types of trash, must buy a specific trash bag for that type of trash in your city with your city's name on it....I sincerely doubt it's that well enforced. They try this in a lot of countries by the way.
People are payed for how much they work.ok no lol.  most dont get paid for overtime, they just do it because of obligationAs opposed to the 24/7 program they have in the US ?sarcasmsarcasm?uhh, the us has hospitals and doctors open around the clock.  hospitals in japan are open until like 8-10, off on sundays sometimes. depends on the place. not sarcasmive seen outside atms in japanNo you haventive seen indoor atms in other countriesdid the point fly over your head?thats the same thingliking comedy movies, korean food and slapstick doesnt tell you anything about what kind of person you are or your valuesUh, what ? What metric did you use for this "rarity" ?i thought your point was to tell me how its the same as every country, not where im accurate or not? ill play along.  my metric is that I live here and they are fucking no where.  come to japan and see for yourself.and in other countries they have clocks everywhere?they generally exist in stores, restaurants, or other similar public buildings, yestaxlolcameramanufacturers have the ability to turn it on and off. certain carriers will force it on. ie all carriers in japanhave you never been to east europe?yes, they have squat toilets in china and perhaps in e. europe. that doesnt constitute as everywhere, and they dont promote themselves as technological kings like japan doesfrowned upon where exactly?in the entire western hemisphere?As opposed to other countries where everybody is encouraged...how fucking stupid are you really? ive been patient up until the point but this really makes my mind melt. being same/different socially has no relation to what time you arrive at work. dress in different colorsyou think youre being clever but all students must wear the exact same uniform, and all suits are generally the same style and color, especially when job hunting
not the same guyDo you feel the need to respond to people and call them retards?
jokes and sarcasm are virtually nonexistantbullshit.I think the sarcasm part is actually true. If I recall the Japanese view sarcasm as a rude thing their whole language is insane with multiple levels of politeness and shit so it is not used jokingly and people will take what you say at face value.So I'm told.
this is retardedno, you are retarded. this is the most solid thing ive said, though its a very deep subject. the idea of individuality vs group sameness is a very clear distinction between japan and other countries. stopstereotypes of neighborspeople have stereotypes, but to the point of outright refusing to buy ANYTHING from them is a special kind of exclusivitylieok buddy sure, whatever you want to tell yourself
go into job hunting 3rd year of college, and after a while its very difficult to change professions or even companies in the same field because of loyalty shitSo... just like everywhere else then.childhood myth bullshit like getting cold or wet in the rain will cause colds, or gargling water has some health effect, is promoted and everyone does itBut being wet and cold does cause colds. And lots of countries have "old wives stories" that they adhere to like if you shave your hair it will grow back thicker, etc.nothing is ever questioned, just accepted. english textbooks in schools are fucked up but if you say 'hey this isnt natural/right'. the response is 'but the textbook says this'Americans teach creationism. Some teachers are too cocky to admit they are wrong. etc.poor dental healthcare, poor mental healthcareGot nothing on this one but I DOUBT IT.ok to persecute people for being late to school, work, anything, but not ok to blame the bus that was 40 minutes late.So you are saying that people sometimes are massive illogical assholes. That surely is a trait unique to the Japanese.wall outlets almost never have grounding/earth line. you cant install them in anything but your own HOUSEWhat ? Where would you install them, somebody else's house ? And you are free to install grounded outlets if you want. This is not a standard in all countries.go to shrines, pray, worship and pay gods and deities they do not themselves even believe in................ go fuck yourselfclaim to have strong culture when nearly everything either historically came from china or modernly came from america including language, architecture, food, clothing, and religionSo, it's basically like America ?
He's a hardcore weeb.
Or he could be a nip scum.
Squatting is literally the best position to take a shit. I just hope they have toilet paper instead of wiping with the left hand.
becuase when an asian person uses this style of phone it looks cooler than holding up some gay looking bar that's even bigger than your own asian dick. matrix much?
becase japanese men won't use a phone that's bigger than their dick
SAMSUNGNo they don't.
and the number one thing youre missing is, yes you can probably find a country or several that exhibit any one of those things.'india does this, or well eastern europe does that, well this is the same as america'The point is Japan has ALL of these negative things, which in itself is unique.There are heavy problems with japan and having an very low sex rate and very high suicide rate are not there mysteriously
Not at all.  From about 1998-2007, Nip-phones absolutely crushed what you could get in the US.  Between game consoles, fax machines, and their fancy cell phones, most Japanese people never got a PC at all.  That's why something like half of all Japanese PC games are porn, and everyone is stuck on old versions of Windows - it's still a niche hobby for the turbo-neckbeard like it was up through the early 1990s in the US.
Networking in the US is pretty damn backward though. Thank Verizon, AT&T, Comcast, and Time Warner for that.
or in any other countryrefuse to try to understand you, your customs, your way of thinkingdid you read or actively ignore this bit in order to spam the same status quo ''uu shuld bee da cultru ov da cunt tree u go 2 xd'' bullshit?
squat toilets still existbecause squat toilets are natural, and only a problem for those with no idea how to squat naturallyits perfectly ok to clear your nose and throat with a loud, gross hock a well as eat with your mouth open very loudlybecause why walk around with a germ rag in your throat which also makes it impossible to speak clearly, unless you do all your talking through your noseeverything else is fucked up though
Neither really. It was just that the incredible "racist 60yo man" quality of these arguments triggered me a little bit. I've heard the exact same things being said about other countries.hospitals in japan are open until like 8-10Hospitals in france close at around the same hour.No you haventOk, I haven't but there are 7 elevens open 24h which have ATMs inside. being same/different sociallyYou didn't specifyor maybe I missed it socially. Again though this is still something true in any country. People want others to act "normal". I have never lived in a country where people actively encouraged you to be different.all students must wear the exact same uniformSchool uniforms are a thing in many countries.... all suits are generally the same style and color, especially when job huntingAnd I suppose you where pink suit when going to interviews in other countries ?
I think they got the last laugh
wall outlets almost never have grounding/earth line. you cant install them in anything but your own HOUSEWhat ? Where would you install them, somebody else's house ? Apartments or condos, I.E. most places you'd live in an urbanized places like Nipistan.
speak for yourself mate, shooting water up your ass is seriously underrated.
Daily reminder ricers are the weaboos of cars
Not at all. From about 1998-2007, Nip-phones absolutely crushed what you could get in the US. Between game consoles, fax machines, and their fancy cell phones, most Japanese people never got a PC at all.This is really the problem with the notion that Nippon outright produced superior phones because they could and the West couldn't. We had PCs. We didn't need their phones because we did the not retard route of using a device better suited for those tasks and more. If you had marketed a Japanese phone in the US at the time, it would've been overpriced and redundant with the lifestyle of Western people.
Are you saying it's illegal for you to install whatever kind of sockets you want in your own apartment ?
Is it still 2005 where you are?  Post-bailout GM makes some pretty goddamn solid cars.  My family bought Japanese cars in the 90s and early 2000s because they were the best at the time, but now American is a perfectly reasonable option.
Wow, selfish self-centered people exist ? FUCKING AMAZING !Everything I say is a much more serious level than you can imagine. If i say 'in japan people are pretentious and do things just because its cool' and you would say 'oh its like that here too' NO. YOU DONT UNDERSTAND. They literally, LITERALLY do it only because its 'cool'.Likewise, Im not talking about a few people, nor am I exaggerating. Most people genuinely trust the idea in their head, put there by themselves or a friend, rather than consulting someoneFucking amazing!Yes, a country FULL of selfish self-centered people is shit, is it not?bullshitlol ok go to japan and tell a joke. tell me if they dont take it seriously. or be sarcastic. say something like 'i waited like 10 hours for the bus to come' and tell me just how many people understood your sarcasm and how many will say 'what, you waited 10 hours??? realy?'see abovesee above. you dont understand, im not exagerrating or extrapolating. they literally have the attitude of no fun, work all day every day. more than examples of such people in your country, and more of themjust like everywhere else! newssame fucking everywhere! conform to rulessee above and see my other post. you obviously dont know a single thing you are talking aboutits a lie. x people always smelllol no. its actually part of their ''culture'' that making sounds is somehow more healthy. its more than just my reactionreee hah le xD meme. Are you 12?everywhere else! no apologizeAGAIN, YOU ARE NOT EVEN BEGINNING TO UNDERSTAND.In other countries, if you forget something or have a disagreement or drop/break something, people will usually forgive you. Not in Japani sincerely doubt its well enforcedWith no crime its one of the top duties as a policeman and yes its enforced. They will not pick your trash up if any of that is incorrect, and landlords or other residents will give you your trash back, tell you to fix it, or tell the police.ur dum
you forgot the police that follow them with a precise db reader who cite them the appropriate fine the second they cross the legal limit.  nobody likes these fuckhead yakuza
No, I do not apply this to just Japan. When in Rome do as the Romans. It is just plain rude to instantly expect everyone to all of a sudden accommodate you or your culture in a foreign land, Japan, or anywhere else.If you do live in Japan I'm sure this is why everyone treats you like shit, because you expect them to accommodate you in their own country.
They make good watches and neato rugged laptops.
ITT people who've never been to japan arguing about what it's like in japan.might as well be europeans 300 years ago arguing what it's like in the americans at the time.  ya'll looking for el dorado.
I dunno, maybe it's as bad as you say.But I see no reason to believe you.I understand how human thinking works, I understand how social dynamics work. I don't find what you are saying logical and I still believe it to be a dumb exaggeration or ignorance of how people around the world are.
is it sanitary? where does the water shoot from?
Yet at the same time they're still paying $50 for a single CD, smartphones took forever to take off, and they seem to hold on to dead formats for years. Even their advances in technology seem like a continuation of the 80's and 90's idea for the future, rather than the more progressive view in the Western world.Fuck that shitin your world, Amazon will have monopoly of  movies, books distribution and apple will have monopoly of music.Say no to monopoly!
Neither really. It was just that the incredible "racist 60yo man" quality of these arguments triggered me a little bit. I've heard the exact same things being said about other countries.You aren't any much better.
its actually part of their ''culture'' that making sounds is somehow more healthy. its more than just my reactionThen why do they or just women constantly flush the toilet just to mask their pissing sounds, so much that they had to install fake flush-noise producers?
Why is Japan so technologically advanced and yet backwards at the same time?literally wat
korean dogu!
So... just like everywhere else then.LELELELELE No, its not ''just like everywhere else''In any country if you work for dishwash soap company A for 10 years, then quit and try to go work for rival dishwash soap company B youll be fine 9/10 times. In japan it isnt like thatbut it does cause coldsok who am i talking to here really?every country has old wives talesdoes every citizen of every country routinely follow and practice old wives tales like its the Quran?americans teach creationismuhh what does this have to do with anything?some teachers cockyits not that or about that. its not even them, its the textbook they are forced to use. they blindly follow it because in japan people blindly follow and believe things without questioni doubt ityou SHOULDNTsurely unique to japaneseas i said in another post, it would be difficult to find any one thing that is completely unique to japan. what is unique, is the fact that they have not 1 or 2 of these negative things im listing, but they have ALL of them. yes, this is not only japan, but japan sure as hell has it. and beyond that, its not merely 'some people are illogical assholes'. no, like the textbook they just dont believe in challenging authority and will never put blame on the public transportationyou are free to install grounded outletsnot in anything but a house you are not. i put house in caps to differentiate it from apartments, offices, etcgo fuck yourselfno youso its like americaAmerica doesnt parade around, pretending all these things are American born and raise their American ego about them.
Still you refuse to read or use your brain.You are just a status quo statement printer.If you read and think about what people are saying maybe someone will take you seriously
I know its oh so cool and edgy to play devils advocate and argue about something you know nothing about with someone who does, but its time to stop.Japan is a shit for many reasons good for many as well.
America doesnt parade around, pretending all these things are American born and raise their American ego about them.
not coloring Hokkaido as part of JapanClearly this was colored in by a Russian spy.
Its wasteful and pointless when email is superior in every way and internet has become common as fuck in the last few years..japs are ahead when it comes to privacy concernsa fax has more privacy protection than email!
Tech minimalism anon. They don't buy the hardware they do not need.Lately so do I. Sold nearly all my handhelds, stationary consoles, even my gaming pc. Last two years I have been only using my old notebook, tablet and old lumia.
Not from the government if they get a wiretap.
Any country that still maintains their F-4s after all these years is cool in my book.Implying the whole world isn't copying America and owes everything to AmericaGet out, gommunist :DDD.
You're not a special snowflake, they owe you nothing. You sound like a butthurt gypsy.
Snowden revealed that the NSA considers fax machines incredibly difficult to intercept and the only way to spy on the fax machines in the United Nations buildings were to physically tamper with it by inserting questionable modifications into the UN fax machines.
doing this and riak losing Bluetooth and stuff because cyanogen mod is great for old shit tier smart phones and the crap t mobile pushes out
inb4 heat paper is bant for being a terrorist tool.
When they start distributing everything outside Japan. If they sell it in Japan it must be censored but if they host the files offshore then there's no need to censor it.They already did that, they stopped because reverse importation was fucking up their business, everyone was just buying the uncensored versions.
the nipponese just have a hard-on for being #1nopequality  quantity has always been their mindsetso their economy and culture is taking a dump in our era of globalisationJapan is still high income country and their economy is still sound because lots of businesses all over the world want to buy high quality professional grade Japanese B2B goodsand Japan is 2nd to American when it comes to pop culture export and soft power.  I assume you're european and nothing there is as worth or exciting as Japan and American pop culture.
yea, the 2016 vett beaten a 2014 GTR, no surprise there
These guys traveled all over the world, and Japan was still their second pick for places they would want to live. Recommend watching.
nopeYes, they do. It's a permeating ideology from the citizen to the state. They don't take criticism well at all.
Live in Japan for a few years if you really want to know how fucked up things are.relationships are valued on similar interests in food, humor, movies etcnothing wrong with sharing common interests in fact, this is what sparks small talk among people!
must be the same as everyone. originality, creativity, uniqueness is shunnedthis old meme only applies in Showa-eraJapan now in heisei era is a heck a lot more diverse not the /pol/-tier definition
 I assume you're european and nothing there is as worth or exciting as Japan and American pop culture.Not same anon. The big difference between European and American cultures is fragmentation. There are so many tiny companies and mini-festivals and stuff. Every town literally has it's own little celebrations and entertainment.American pop culture is mostly just big guys. So it's easy to bleed it out into the rest of the world. It would be incredibly difficult to somehow consolidate all the bits and pieces of culture that are spread across countries in europe in order to have a "burger" type product that's easy and fast.You kind of have to be here to experience it. This makes living in europe more appealing imo because you can get the best of both worldsat slightly higher prices ofc.
schools do not have grades for the most part and whether you work hard or slack off the entire year you move on to the next levelbut you have to work your ass off in cram schools though to pass university entrance test
Dude, just read more on Asian courting. It's REALLY manipulative.
What pathetic race. These faggots haven't even adopted node.js and Atom yet. Stupid gooks. Do they even Javascript?b8 detected
your average Japanese keyboard looks like thisTyping out your ass today I see?
Snowden revealed that the NSA considers fax machines incredibly difficult to intercept and the only way to spy on the fax machines in the United Nations buildings were to physically tamper with it by inserting questionable modifications into the UN fax machines.I was gonna post something like that but I couldn't find proper links I do recall Snowden commenting on FAX though.
Oh yeah totally at this same time. Period most Africans and native Americans and Pacific islanders were living in shithole mud huts And using canoes. Even the Aztecs were pretty backwards with sacrifices and shitty stone shit buildings from.the stone age and canoes with only the Koreans and Europeans and Chinese rivaling their technology
yea, the 2016 vett beaten a 2014 GTR, no surprise therelol vettes still like to wrap itself around trees in burgerring and it overheatsvette will still lose to GTR in a race because inferior heat management
carsnot spaceshipshaha you normies and your land vehicles
Yes, they do. It's a permeating ideology from the citizen to the state. They don't take criticism well at all.literally watthat's like saying democratic Japan = communist mainland chinait does not compute
Dude, just read more on Asian courting. It's REALLY manipulative.Reminder there are people who make connections/friends with other people because of shared hobbies interest.Example:  I have a co-worker who is also into anime, vidya and even surfs 4chan and 4by2 chan.We can endlessly talk about /a/, /g/, /v/ and even /pol/, /o/ subjects and not ruin it by on probing each others 'muh' character, 'muh' personality or 'muh' mutual care.
Check out any nip game dev on Twitter. They flip out any time their product is criticized. They're all Uchihas.

of course they'll flip after this episodeexhibit one:  class="quote"class="quote"outsiders politicizing games is simply uncalled foralso a reminder that at least outside of the Nintendo fold, game devs there only cater to the true fans otaku and non gamer outsiders who pretend to be 'gamers' are shunned.
how is a fax machine any more difficult to intercept than a phone call? do they have end-to-end encryption? because I think not.

Not even /gamergate/. I've seen those guys be general assholes to people who simply say 'x feature sucks'. That's perfectly acceptable everywhere else. They just can't take criticism. I personally had a run in with Harada Tekken. Told him x character had a horrible design and maybe you should base on the ethnic garb more and he twitted back something along the lines of 'your ideas will never be popular' in a nasty tone in broken English.
heres a few moreno concept of diminishing returns. lets have 30 people clean one room at a time. who cares that everyone is getting in each others way and cleaning the same things, look at that spirit!literally ANY sort of disagreement is grounds for ending a relationship right then and there. opposites do not attract in japan; they want a 100% match; someone who agrees with them on everythingsidewalks are rare outside of major metropolitan areas, and there are many 1 lane/care sized roads that can be used in either direction. yes land is scarce and expensive but is sacrificing safety the answer?
nice copypastas, brogot links for the pastas?
I know this is an hours long post, but holy shit dude, you are retarded. That's from an April Fools video Google made.
typical emacs user at work
Everything was better in the past.
kotaku writer sees big breasted females as sexistartist draws him bare chested dwarves to suit his tastesI like this guy. Brb, buying three more copies of Dragons Crown.
curious too
Because japanese view technology as home appliance goods, like washing machines and stuff. So they never buy new tech unless it's broken or otherwise not working. it's part of the general respect japs have for treating goods.However, why so many use internet explorer and windows vista and xp and those shitty outdated dumb flip phones is unexplainable.
Practically no one in Japan uses this anymore. All I see are iPhones.
That's fake.
How can this be true? There's not a single innovation I can think of that has come from japan recently.The only real thing I can think of is toyota investing in making a car that doesn't use petroleum called "MiraI" meaning future or something
I can partially agree from my visit in Japan. There are many people with pointless jobs that make you wonder what the fuck they're even doing. They also all wear uniforms.There are small streets without sidewalks even in cities, although it usually didn't feel that dangerous as long as you pay attention, which you should anway.
No wonder jap companies are doing bad. I bet all the "overworking" we hear about is inefficient as fuck, like people who get paid for doing absolutely nothing of value. There was that picture of a typical salaryman office and everyone was sleeping over their desks. Wages is often the number 1 costs businesses have
Asians are mindless drones at the end of the day.
Japanese love progress but hate innovation. They would much rather improve what they have than adopt newer solutions. Thus they improve their trains and toilets and buildings and internet, but still cling to older technologies that really are dead-ends, like fax machines and physical media instead of streaming
On the positive side, it keeps the unemployment rate low, which has advantages too.
he streams his animeGet a load of this casual.
Bitch you should see Telstra they charge that much for like a gig and a half
The lesser of evils? You guys are still suffering from monopolies ramming their dicks up your collective asses. Data caps? Pay extra for tethering? wtf?
Alright guys, let's have a friendly Linux thread. Let's stop the shitposting and unnecessary insults/bait and have a productive thread about Linux + other UNIX OS' BSD and OSX welcome. People who have questions about migrating to Linux, ask here and maybe /g/ can help. Maybe you have something tying you to Windows, but there might be some UNIX software to help. Remember:no bulliUNIX  WindowsCLI isn't scaryhelp if you can or at least point in the right directionWe had a decent thread last time so let's do it again.
Fuck new OP-- Alright guys, let's have a friendly Linux thread. Let's stop the shitposting and unnecessary insults/bait and have a productive thread about Linux + other UNIX OS' BSD and OSX welcome. People who have questions about migrating to Linux, ask here and maybe /g/ can help. Maybe you have something tying you to Windows, but there might be some UNIX software to help. Remember:no bulliUNIX  WindowsCLI isn't scaryhelp if you can or at least point in the right directionThe ride never ends on UNIX. I'd like to add that discussions about how you currently use UNIX OS', desktop shots keep it sane though, and applications discussion are also welcome! This is thread #3!
Fresh arch user. I installed the infinity-bundle and its base fonts dejavu, noto, etc.. but I don't know how to set the damn fonts.
As an example I use i3 + Compton and this is how it looks with minimal configuration just opacity adjusting on terminals and a terminal color scheme applied I'll try to take a video that'll fit the size limits to show the smooth opacity changes when changing active windows. The music applications are ncmpc, cmus, and youtube-viewer in the bottom left.
Woops forgot picFor the terminal I set the fonts in Xresources with URxvt*.font: xft:DeJavuSansMono:size=15
OP's pic makes no sense. how can there be fire underwater?
After setting it in your Xresources file, you then have to run xrdb [name of your file here] to load the configuration. Terminals that are open will not reflect the changes but new terminals will.More info on Xresources -- href="#p48687363" class="quotelink"Because there's a talking sponge living in a pineapple
UNIX doesn't mean shit anymore, are you still living in the 60s?
We've been through this on the last 2 threads anon. OSX has market share, and there's plenty of people who want to get into using Linux/BSD. In my opinion Windows is the oddball here but regardless this thread is for people interested in picking up UNIX OS' or who have picked up a UNIX OS' and want to share their experience with it or help someone else who is new to it. Please bait somewhere else.
oddball has 90% market sharesure thing
Whats the appeal for window managers like i3? Its not productive in anyway, the window you are not working on sits there taking lots of screen real state instead with gtk you can minimize them and use as you wish with simple mouse movements instead of using keybinds to resize, open new or close them.Sure if you are programming 5 different things at once it can be useful, but for average users its pretty useless, unless you are a hipster faggot who hates everything that just works. My analysis is that many people are attracted to them because of the desktop threads while they can simply use proper des out there.Subscribe to my blog for more. :^
I decided to try and copy this but something went wrong picrelated. I assume that either I fucked up fonts or lemonbar didn't start properly.Halp?
I will say I miss the ease of the asus fan tuning software.I recently reinstalled linux and currently have a turbine engine on my right and so many fans blowing full blast is annoying.pwmcontrol save me!
I mean in the way you use it. Linux use makes a lot of sense to me, but I'm equally comfortable using Windows because I did for a long time. After not liking Windows 8 I took a second look at Linux and went from Fedora which I used everyday on my laptop to do my work, to transitioning my desktop to Arch from Windows 7. I still have the Windows 7 install on a separate drive, but I haven't used it since I got Arch running. I found the CLI in Linux to be optimal and the ease of setting up SSH so I could get things from my desktop when I'm away from home was great. Managing my server with a GUI over X11 forwarding also helped but I eventually moved to CLI only for that. One thing that's really stuck with me that I don't like about Windows is the lack of a package manager. Once I found how easy it was to install software with it I don't think I could go back to anything else. Then the different WM's I can stick on Linux? Great. Once I found i3 + Compton I don't see why Windows' floating manager would be appealing at all. I thought a long time ago being able to split the screen in half was cool but finiding i3 took it to another level. Then the CLI tools are great and I use them all the time. Overall Windows just seemed to be weird vs how much sense Linux use overall was.
use i3 and learn.disable the bar at the top of each window in the config and learn how to use $mod+f.I'm not a programmer and I can't live without i3+dmenu on linux anymore.
You can use the tabbed mode so that the application you want is taking the whole screen with the other applications easily switched to with $mod+[-/-] or $mod+[;/j]. You can also completely fullscreen an application with $mod+f if you really just want to focus on one thing. i3 will also work with a mouse where when you mouse over another windows that'll be the focused window. However if someone prefers floating there are tons of DEs out there that can suit them and they can even use a DE with i3 replacing just the WM component if they wish.I didn't see anything that would change your language like that. Is your LANG variable set correctly? Other than that I've never used it.
Know a good place to download URxvt Xresources files or 'themes'?
Is it a problem with your mobo fans or your graphics card fans?
Arch, i3, CLI tools Nah, you never thought of windows as weird. What really happened was you wanted to use the most obscure incompatible buggy piece of shit software for /g/ cred. To loontards a PC isn't here to do work it is simply a NEET themed web browser that can be used in place of wall art. I bet you keep a low package count just to make sure your computer never accidentally becomes useful to anyone.
not him, but I like this one.
I don't know anything besides windows.
I'd recommend the base16 themes at On the page there's also a link to preview the themes and they have files made for you for a lot of editors and terminals.I wouldn't call i3 buggy whatsoever, it's been nothing but good to me. As far as Arch Linux goes you can't discount the AUR in how useful it is to find software and make it easy to install. Other distros have similar unoffical repositories as well. I install the packages I need for what I do. Considering I have a 256GB SSD it's not that important to me to keep package count down, but I generally like to know what's installed on my system. In particular I like how pacman will tell me what was installed as dependencies and what was installed explicitly which also makes removal easy if I don't like the software I installed for whatever reason. I'd also like to add that on my laptop that had Fedora I didn't even bother with Compton or wallpaper stuff at all until after I got it working on Arch after recently finding it too. Just i3 alone was enough for me to want to continue using Linux on that laptop. In addition I found emacs' org-mode and pdf export so I could write all my notes in it and export them to nice PDFs math too which fit in very well with my CLI environment. I still had the rest of the gnome DE if I needed it though for configuring certain things I didn't know how to do on the CLI at the time or things better configured in a GUI
personally i like using mate.KDE Is nice too, but with multiple desktops on multiple monitors, KDE likes to go full retard, in my experience.I also really enjoyed the Openbox experience, I think that #! was one of the best light weight out of the box debian distros ever, its sad to see that distro go.If I would get off my ass and actually read make files on libraries I might actually go back to slack again but honestly right now who has time for that?!
Strictly my CPU fans
Linux is a bit of a time sink
My 3840 x 2160 monitor only displays image in 24 Hz. I don't want to reduce the resolution. What can I do? I have a thinkpad X220 and a Display port.
Friendly reminder to use a separate /home partition.
I had a similar experience to you - Linux just made sense and Windows felt more and more foreign. Had to troubleshoot a Windows box the other day, it had been so long I had forgot that the error report generator wasn't actually useful not you-need-to-learn-to-read-it like smlog or strace, but doesnt-give-you-the-right-information useless.
this is beautiful.I wouldn't do that on my PC or laptop, but maybe on my broken PS3 :^Any hints to get this ?
Is that edited or is that for real? Either way, that looks impressive.
After reading this I think this will be able to help you. It describes how to set up fancontrol using a compbo of lm_sensors and pwmconfigGood idea for reinstalls/encryptionLet me check around, I might have a displayport cable around here I have an X220T and a Displayport capable monitor to test
It isn't really usable, just pretty.
It isn't really usable, just pretty.that's why I'm going to get this on my ps3.Thanks, anon.
I'm using a DP to HDMI converter right now and waiting for the proper DP cable to come. I would be kind of pissed if it turns out I can't use full power of my UHD monitor because thinkpads don't have DP1.2 or some shit.I have no idea which version do they have.Anyway, what's the point of selling 8K monitors if current technology can't handle it?
what's the point of selling 8K monitors if current technology can't handle it?money, marketing ...
 no bulliNice try
If you're just starting out with Linux this is hands down the best book to start with. It's well paced, explains everything in a way anyone can understand and pretty much covers everything about Bash you need to know and a good bit of Unix design as well. It's free, too: 
Um... The tab on the right is in Russian, it's fine. I'm more concerned about status bar not showing anything and fonts in terminal being disgusting. Here is how it supposed to be looking.
Фэ, цoцaчep.
Nice!
Well X220's are like 4 years old at this point. But if you're using a converter it might be something with that instead. If you have a proper cable coming in come back when you get it and tell us if it worked or not I'll keep the threads going. In the meantime use xrandr to see the available modes that Linux can use for that monitor. If it does work something like that should be added to ThinkWiki because UHD monitors will eventually start getting more popular sadly I'm still stuck with pleb tier 1440p
Righto /g/ents, it's time for me to reinstall gentoo. Tell me if any of this stuff is a bad idea before I get stuck with it.The plan:UEFI stub kernel, Con Kolivas patchsetsingle GPT btrfs partition with transparent lzo compressionpython 3.4 onlysystemd with its builtin network manager and dns resolver; using a static IP and the google DNSgcc 5.1, with LTO and graphite enabled, using the gold linkerACCEPT_KEYWORDS="~amd64" and FEATURES="splitdebug"minimal set of 32-bit compat libs to get wine working.pulseaudio need it for skype, mainlyx11+awesome WM
python 3.4 onlywhy?Do you even computer?
single gpt partitionwhy not partitions but with LVM?python 3.4 onlyhard.
python.
gcc 5.1not in the repos yet is it? manual installation would be a massive pain in your asshole.
why not partitions but with LVM?btrfsdo you absolutely need 2.7? I'm sure running with 3 only could be done.
I'm not sure since I don't use lemonbar, but did you xrdb yet? The reload i3 in place $mod+shift+r? If there's anything in Xresources that lemonbar needs then that could stop it and that would explain why the fonts haven't changed.
do you absolutely need 2.7? I'm sure running with 3 only could be done.Yes motherfucker. Do have any idea how many scientific applications are written in Python 2.x and never gets updated? I'm pretty sure you are an underage ricer faggot and have never done any serious work on Linux.
scientific applicationswho cares? can the system run without 2.7?I'm pretty sure you are an underage ricer faggot and have never done any serious work on Linux.ok kid
Hey hay manno bulliLet's keep it friendly in here.
Are all fonts used by that config. installed?Is conky and lemonbar installed?Also, I looked through that i3 config and it seems like it does not even start the panel scripts.Con Kolivas patchsetUse pf or at least ck + UKSM.gcc 5.1, with LTO and graphite enabled, using the gold linkerDon't know about the graphite stuff but I'm using gcc 5.1 and it's good so far.I only had a problem emerging xorg server but it was easily fixed with /etc/portage/patches.systemdpulseaudio+awesome WMDisgusting.
What's /g/'s opinion on the nix package manager?
Well, as opposed to having a ton of different versions crufting up the place. Not that many ebuilds have python 2 as a mandatory dependency nowadays.why not partitions but with LVM?UEFI requires GPT. LVM is kinda pointless anyway, since I don't need more than four partitions - a plain old MBR would have sufficed.Yeah, it's in portage. Tried it on my laptop, and it works just fine.
systemdit's pretty cool, don't understand the hate.
Which one? If you mean in general I've become really fond of them yum and pacman for me since it makes managing software so easy. The only problems that arise are when certain distros' updating doesn't work like Debian in the last thread due to the people who maintain the repos. On Mint, Fedora, and Arch I haven't had problems with package managers though.
Woops misunderstood you sorry, I haven't used the nix one though
As far as I can tell, I'm the only one who thinks that windows Aero is better looking than the main/default window managers. I use dwm on college lab machines, and am happy enough with it there, but for home use I would prefer something that looked nicer.I like being able to use the mouse with a nice file manager occasionally too.Any recommendations? I've been looking into plasma 5.
Did update the db, reloaded i3... Right, will try to tweak the configs manually and fix everything there, was going to do so anyways. Hope changing fonts will help.
fontsJust did the fc-list, guess I know now where the proplem is. And yeah, will need to work through the configs, dumb copy-paste was dumb indeed.Thanks for suggestions, anons. Nice thread you have here!
Use pf or at least ck + UKSM.I'll check them out, thanks.Disgusting.I'd skip pulseaudio if i could, but systemd is okay. As for awesome, it's one of the few ones not looking shitty on a high-dpi screen.
Windows Aero was great when I used Windows 7 and they should have kept it as an option at least. KDE 5 does look slick as fuck on Youtube and screenshots though. I'd give that a shot or if you just want to spruce up a tiling manager you can do what I did  and add Compton which gives you the shadows, transparency, etc. You can configure the settings to your liking also if that's what you want. In the case of Awesome if you want to run that since it's based on dwm it has it's own configs for the fancy effects but I like that on i3 the WM and compositor are separate.
Also keep in mind that you can get a DE with all the niceties but still use a different WM. I did it with GNOME3 and i3 on Fedora. At least on i3 since I haven't used the others you can still use the mouse to do things like selecting a window or scrolling through your workspaces.
Installed Mint a week ago and been running into a few issues. I can't troubleshoot for shit on my owncomplete newbie to Linux and Google is very little help here. If there's any idea what should I start looking for to fix this, it'd be a great help. The issue is:My system freezes/crashes out of the blue with no warning, no error messages anywherenot sure if I should be getting any... and the only way to get it working again is to just hold the power button to reset the laptop. When it boots after this, the touchpad and its buttons don't work at all. Sometimes the touchpad stops working on its own, too but it's always disabled after a reset like this. USB mice work fine. There were never any issues with the Win 8. 1 which I had installed previously so I don't think it is hardware issue. I also had Ubuntu 15.xx on this before for two weeks and there weren't any issues. The thing making this hard for me to even Google is how random it seems to be. I'm not doing anything specific when the system crashes and the crashes are daily.Any idea what might be going on?
I'm upset at the death of SUN and the decline of Solaris in anything other than the server market, I was really hoping to use that as my workstation OS forever and see it expand with SUN innovation./my blog
A bunch of questions...1 Is there a tool similar to mRemote for Gnu/Linux? I tried remmina and it isn't even close in functionality.As as system administrator for more than 40 clients with Windows/Linux servers i need a sane solution to easily access the servers.2 Is there an alternative to Outlook that manages calendar properly? I tried thunderbird+lightning if not mistaken and it sucked... not even close. Plus i need to open meeting files and assign them to the calendar...3Why is vmware player so slow on linux? Hardware acceleration isn't even working properly. Same hardware i get choppy and sluggish vm guest performance comparing to windows.
If I had to guess I would say the problem is with Mint. All I can offer is try a diffrent distro like Debian or #!. or go back to Ubuntu
What laptop are you running exactly? Also if the whole thing is freezing it might have something to do with the video driver. For the touchpad I'd think it might be something to do with the synaptics driver if your touchpad like most use it. If worst comes to worst though running Ubuntu instead might be your better choice.
You could try getting some analytics next time you freeze with the Magic SysRq key if the kernel is not completely dead and if Mint allows it.
For a total replacement? Not likely and if you really need it for your work I suggest you stick with it. It's more likely that there are separate tools for handling your connections on Linux rather than having it all on one program though nothing stops you from scripting them together. It's also likely that they're more geared towards the CLI. If you wanted to try just look for separate tools for the connections you need, otherwise I'd stick with your current setup.For your second one I haven't used outlook so I can't suggest aan alternative that will be exactly like it. There are standalone calendar utilities both GUI and CLI but whether they'll work exactly as Outlook does or with any files it needs I'm not sure.For your last one I would suggest KVM+QEMU for your virtual machines. There's also Virtualbox, but I know that VMWare uses a proprietary format so your migration would depend on whether you can abandon that format or not.
I got the cable.Now it can do 2560x1440 in 60 Hz and 3840x2160 in 30 Hz. The fuck.
I goofed, the terminal doesn't start anymore after I added this line:URxvt*.font: xft:DeJavuSansMono:size=15to my .Xresources file and reloaded it with xrdb.Using the arch install I chrooted in and removed the line, but it still won't launch anymore. I'm at a loss. Should I just uninstall and reinstall it?
It might be the case that DisplayPort 1.2 doesn't have the badwidth necessary for it. They expanded it in 1.3 but that was last year. Also the integrated GPU on it might not be able to handle it smoothly anyway. At least I know now though that I can get 60Hz on my 1440p monitor though. Is xrandr telling you those numbers though?You can since you're still in the early stages of it, but even if that line was in there X has some fallbacks in it that it would go to. It doesn't make sense that X won't start at all. Won't even start with something like startx /usr/bin/urxvt ? No errors thrown or nothing on the TTY?
Nope, bullshit.According to the specs Intel HD3000 in X220 can't handle more than     Display Port: 2500x1600    HDMI/DVI/VGA: 1920x1200That's it. I'm pretty much stuck with 30 Hz until I change a laptop or repair my PC.
X starts my WM fine, it's the terminal itself that doesn't want to start. I know how to switch TTYs, I'm on the 7th one, but how do I see the vconsole while I'm on X?

What is the difference between sudo and su?
Nevermind, I tried that command, here's the log
UEFI stub kernelsystemd has a replacement for that called bootctl
After reading this might actually just be a limitation with randr. Try the suggestions there though it might be fixed now. Well fuck that's weird. I'm not sure but you can try removing urxvt restarting X and then reinstalling and trying again. Also you wouldn't happen to be using testing repos would you?
su will escalate the privlages of your shell by making you root. You need to exit out of it after you're done doing whatever you're doing to get back to being a normal user again. Sudo will escalate your privlages to root but just for the current command you run with it.
Turns out I just had to update my stuff, even tho the system is 1 day old.TODO:personalize i3 and remove that ugly barpersonalize tint2 and figure how to put workspace activity in it the desktops indicatorfigure out how services and autostart properly work on linux and how to do so in xinitfigure out how to give su privileges to a program started through its .application fileread manpages of yaourt and pacman
There's way too many software still using 2.7. There's no reason to only go for 3.4, it will limit your choices.
Is there any complete ricing guide out there? I currently use Arch Linux with awesome and have too many free time
Glad you got it working. The bar can be removed by just commenting it out or erasing it in the i3 config file. Services and autostart can be either from the program providing a daemon switch like pulseaudio -D or compton -b or through systemd systemctl services. Run once things can go in the xinit file with the daemon switch stuff. 
Thank you
Alright, Xubuntu user here. What the fuck is with all the MIME types pointing to Firefox?More importantly, how can I get magnet links to work in Chromium without opening Firefucks?
Perhaps in your settings? If not I think the extended settings are with xfce4-settings-editor. If that doesn't work then when you get a file you want to adjust do Open With -- Other application -- and select the application you want and check set as default. All the settings in text form are in xfconf xfconf-query is what you can use from the CLI
No, it's the defaults with Turdbuntu. I love the work that they've done, but damn, their defaults are retarded.
Is there a way I can see what xdg-open thinks a link is? Now it's just opening a new Chromium window.
Yes refer to -- which describes setting default applications and seeing the current association, but I'm not sure if using XFCE will affect this since it apparently passes control over to exo-open
-funroll-loops
I add these lines, save, restart i3 with the mod button and it gives me an error at these lines. Where am I supposed to put these?
I HABE A QUESTION!What would happen if Ross Ulbricht were NOT an american, let's say that he were Brazillian, would the USA government be able to make something? Even the life sentence?
???
drugs aren't illegal except in america- /g/
But that Market would have effects in USA, most of the sellers/Customers are from USA.
being this dumbHoly shit, I hope you're like 13 years old. Anything older and this level of oblivious retardedness is inexcusable.
I agree.
well depend where he is caught. in USA he got life in prison, in Norway he would probably get 15 years in hotel. Then there are extradition agreements.  In most cases he would get some sort of conviction.  Buh how is this g related
Were he not American, he could not invent a technology solution. /thread
nVidia shills will still defend the 980 Ti3x 8pin plugsingle GPU"efficient"290X24x 8pin plugdual GPU2 8pin plugs á GPUone 290X is at max. 10% weaker than a 980 Tiayylmao
Someone forgot to take his autism pills this morning,
B T F OT TF    FO      O
Nvidia fanboy detected
Stop this shitty threads HURRR NVIDIA IS BETTER,  NO HUURRR AMD IS BETTER, i understand you are alone and no one gives you attention so you search it to /g/,  but find another place, or just get a life faggot
meanwhile in the backyard of the NDF fanboy
your mad is showing amd loser
B T F OT F O BF O B TO B T F
It's the 295X2 you retard. At least do some research before shitposting if you want anyone to fall for it
Is the Xiaomi Mi4 3GB RAM 3G Only is the best chinese phone when taking into account price performance ratio?You can get it for as low has $230 dollars worldwide freeshipping and it comes with:Snapdragon 801 2.5GHzAdreno 3303GB of RAM5" FHD3080mAh battery13MP Sony IMX214 sensor that can record amazing 4K video and slow motion8MP Sony IMX219q sensor for faggy selfies16GB of Storage no Micro SD, fuck!, but OTGIR Blaster Basically a Samsung Galaxy S5 for $230 dollars.So anyone know a challenger to this price performance beast?
Anyone?I tough you guys loved chink phones...
3Ginto the trashseriously, I'm never going back to 3G latency
ThisZenfone 2 is better if you want any sort of decent cellular speeds
3G OnlyTRASH Tier.Seconded.
$230? Where? I'm looking for a phone right now and I was looking at either the Meizu M2 Note or a Mi 4i.
Where the are you finding this phone for 230 dollars? And also a s5 as a sdcard slot and a removable battery.
Only if they update the display on the mi4. The mi4i has a display with better blacks. All this chick phones are great, but without the western lte bands, its bad enough for me to not buy them... Posting through my g4
I'm not saying that 4G/LTE isn't faster, but personally I wouldn't give a shit, because there's very little difference when just browsing the web.When I upgraded from 3G to 4G I noticed no difference at all, except when tethering.
U can get Jiayu s3 3GB for ~200$, LTE onboard and Android 5.1 almost finished. 40000 in antutu.
U
If you could turn off captcha - how much would you pay per post?
umm it's called a 4chan pass and it costs $20 sometimes $15 per year
0 USD
And if you cuold pay so much you want, not $20 at once?
what the fuck are you on about?I already pay $15 per year to shitpost so my answer would be no I guess? your English is poor
yes YES YESTEXT CAPTCHAS ARE BACK
None.I'LL CLICK A LOT OF FUCKING HAMBURGERS BEFORE I PAY TO 4CHAN
I'd want them to pay me $60 per post, $200 if the post is over 100 characters long
man as soon as they're $10 I'll hop right on but moot's too jewish for that low i guess
$100 per postShitposting on 4chan is my job after all, and I do it for free
none, mootkins already got his private island
-$1 per post
You mean sandwiches.
Living with your mom, huh?
Fell for 4chan Pass
Sometimes if you give good tech advice on /g/  you get gifted a 4chan gold account.Delete system32
No, that would be unamerican.
you get gifted aids
Why paying $20 at once if you could pay only so much you post?
won't pay for decent softwarewill pay for a 4chan pass
I guess if it's too low he risks an influx of shitposting and image dumping.
do you really think mods give a fuck about shitposting
CAn you lose your pass if you abuse it?
Of course. They'd like nothing more.
I'd pay a one time fee to have the option of having an account of sorts where I can flag threads to watch and could switch seamlessly over multiple devices around my house or when I leave.  Being able to mark a thread on my phone to read later on my laptop would be cool.Although I think that new shit added to firefox can basically do that, I havent really fucked around with it yet
A couple cents
Fist serious answer. Can you tell how much exactly?
First
Because I post often enough that any "pay per post" scheme would quickly become more expensive than just paying a one time fee of $15-$20.
If you are sure you'll post really often - may be, but if a post would cost 1 cent - that's 2000 posts per year. Do anyone post here so much?Am I the only one for who captcha refresh lags like hell?
Use Recaptcha v1based ccd0
Do anyone post here so much?Yes, plenty. Especially people who do image dumps. There's probably people on /co/ who can hit 2,000 posts in a week.And if you don't post very much, I'd think you be content to just put up with the captcha instead of paying anything to by pass it.
why would I pay 4chan anything?the mods don't do their jobs on any board, we don't even know who owns the place anymore, and board quality has basically been shit all around for the last couple years
Even 1 ct per captcha? It will also post faster because captcha don't have to load.I never mentioned 4chan
don't know of any other imgboards that use a captcha except maybe 8cuck, but they still only require it like once a week, that sure as fuck isn't worth a cent
Even 1 ct per captcha?If I'm a lurker who posts once in a blue moon, I'm not going to the trouble of setting up an account with my financial info or whatever. I'll just fill out the damn captcha,It will also post faster because captcha don't have to load.Which third world country are you posting from that load time for a captcha is a legitimate concern?
15$ per year
No, I never meant you have to pay it to 4chan. But the captcha should be disabled on 4chanAnd if you pay with bitcoins?It's not my country, it's this shitty site.
This. If it's too many, a yearly one time fee would be preferable. If it's too few, I'd rather full out the captcha. To answer your actual question OP I'd say about tree-fiddy
tree-fiddy$3,50 per post? :D
Heh. Heh. I just got it.Pussy.
Worth every penny. And if it wasn't for greedy jews like you we'd still have moot to kick around.
Fell forI guess I'm falling for the food jew every time I eat out. And I'm falling for the mobile phone jew every time I pay my phone bill. If you are paying a price that is acceptable to you, you're not getting jewed.
Consider suicide.
$0.00
Can you blowjob me to death?
No one is going to pay you to post on a 4chan clone.
Not on 4chan clone, on 4chan, dude!
0that's for attention whores who post in every single thread, is not big deal and per post sounds stupid unless you got some cashback policy or like shitpostin taxes
mootwho?
Paying to talk with your nerds.
Why haven't you filled that form?
up
don't have to, is not a binary world, wasn't a hate post just my unpolished opinionI'm sorrywouldn't let me post without a picture
15 dollars a year is nothing. I make that in less than 6 minutes of work. Also posting on a phone with captcha is fucking retarded.
up
4chan gifts you only a sad and lonely life
The inkblot captchas really cut down on the shit posting. I would fill out 3 or 4 captchas unsuccessful, then while typing the next one, I would ask my self "is this post really worth all this effort."
mootAnon...
No, you mean salad.Legit not subliminal messaging. I can assure you of that.
If captcha was disabled, I'd whitelist 4chan on my adblocker. Normally I'd feel bad about blocking 4chan's ads, because they're quite unobtrusive, but captcha pisses me off enough that I feel I need to retaliate. On a side note: there are services online that solve captchas via an api and a sweatshop. I think the going rate is $0.005 per captcha. So I'd probably go that route if I really wanted to.
asd
down
moot is kill, post or die
4chan makes no money off of adverts or google captcha?please explain.
Of course they don't make money off captcha. And the ads don't cover their costs. The site barely breaks even. There's a reason they do it for free.
Looks like an ass
, 
People actually take sides in this duopoly
so you dont use a graphics card?
implying I'm not using Intel HD Graphics

People actually are illiterate.
XD
people actually make shit threads about itKill yourself
FUCK U NVIDIOT SHILL GO BACK TO /v/ you fucking SHILL REEEEEEEEE AMD IS THE BEST! AMD CARDS ARE FASTER CHEAPER COOLER 3.5 /v/ 3.5 3.5 HBM FUCKING NOVIDEO SHILL AMD IS BETTER!!!!! AMD! AMD! AMD!
shills are dumb as bricks and do it for freewoaaaah that's was a surprise for me
implying everyone of gee isn't an autist
Hello nvidia false flag
whichever company is more ethical I buy fromwhichever company sell the highest end card I buy fromIt's all the same shit. In t
typical AMDautist getting defensive over a comically obvious shitpostAMDkids, everyone.
AMD fanboys have been very active, defensive and autistic lately. Always fun to see them take my obvious baits and go on with their autistic crusade against "shills". The most hilarious thing is, however, that these nerds are literally rooting for inferior products just because it's a meme. It's like buying old meme thinkpads for Apple prices.
AMD:same price range cards better than Nvidia's, but games companies use Nvidia tools so their cards are more advantaged.  AMD has these tools too but less games companies use them. Nvidia: has almost the market monopoly so they can chose whatever the price they wantwith a limit. Their actual architecture uses less resources and they got the same performance of amd, for a higher pricethink at r9 280 vs gtx 960, the amd card has a double memory bus, more ram, etc but they perform similar
Typical AMDelusion
noi have the impression OP doesnt like neither of the companiesso why would he use their products?
I'm not an Amd fan or Nvidia fan, it's the truth, you can't say it's not true, or if you want to say that give me arguments and examples
, 
, 
TL has just opened registration for 20 000 people, code SUMMER2015Come on, come all.
Who are you, and why do you matter?
I am noone, this is not advertisement or anything... People keep bitching about not being able to get into private trackers in the thread that is often up so there is a solution. This happens very rarely.
already have an acc, but thanks :
password requires one digit and a special charactershit website
What kind of email should you use for a tracker??
any email really, who cares... gmail
Captcha don't load?
had tl for years shared a large amount but private p2p sites heavily favour seeding, and people dont leech much..  its kind of silly
Why the fuck would i want a community with buttmad faggots around my torrenting? TPB is good enough and i often get speeds higher than 6MB/S
Community... I don't think I have entered a forum or comment section in the 8 years that I've been there. It's all about content being up very early, downloading it fast and seeding back.
Password must be at least 8 characters, have at least one digit and a special character.Besides the non-loading captcha, kek
Disable protection from the shield icon that appears hereI'm pretty sure chrome wouldnt let you enable that can be something dangerous. Because of their shitty "gotta protect all the stupid fuckers" policy.Get Firefox.
FileList.ro masterrace
Hasn't TL been a honeypot for like a few years now?
got an invite? I could return the favor with an invite for iptorrents
Yeah, pretty dumb if you ask me. Should just check it against a list of the 1000 most common passwords and reject it if necessary. You get locked out after 3 guesses so it makes little to no difference against remote bruteforcing attemps.How do you even check for numeric/special inputs into a password box in a secure way anyway?
please fill in the captchano captcha on pageleechin a trackers nameIncompetency showing.
ITT plebs disrespecting a tracker that's been online longer than they've had internet access allowed by their mutti.
Well I can atleast put a captcha on a webpage, unlike them.Plus I'm on two trackers both older than this shit, hard to not shit on something like this.
thanks OP was able to setup an account
already have an acct, but just a heads up it's almost impossible to keep a positive ratio on TL unless you have a seedbox, you really have to focus on what files will get you more ratio
Sehr gut, mein Sohn. Viel Vergnügen
I had an account there, it' probably dead now if they do prune them.Seemed like a shitty general tracker with nothing noteworthy to offer.
Well you need to download something popular now and then, ideally get on early and then seed for a while. There is no freeleech or anything like that, it is mostly  for people that jnow what they are doing. A positive ratio and decent cushion on there are a good argument for interviews into other trackers because it is generally known that it's harder to survive there.
This tracker is pure cancer.  You basically have to cross-seed to get started, there is no freeleech.  It doesn't have anything unique either.
thanks m8
No thanks, I got demonoid and isohunt
I just use rutracker
Stupid question, but..with rutracker, where do you search?  When I look on rutracker it was all in russian...
Well you have to make an account first, just translate the page to english.
TorrentLeechmake hundreds of thousands on VIP accounts on a yearly basisimplying this isn't a set-up by anti-piracy organizations and the governmentHow the hell does this site still exist. They must have made millions over the last decade.
who gives shit about torrentleech I need what.cd account
Yeah, I don't get itWhere's the captcha
Ah, okay, and then the search results are pretty much in English at least the torrent names?
All the search results are in English, yes.
Let's see if we can do this.What does /g/ recommended for1080p 60Hz1080p 144Hz1440p 60 Hz1440p 60 Hz2160p 60Hz
AMD if you want raw power with more variable gaming performance.Nvidia if you want access to the most features and game at much more stable frame rates, at the cost of raw GPGPU.AMD Pros:CheaperGPGPUAMD Cons:Terrible DriversVery Few FeaturesNvidia Pros:Comprehensible driversIntegrated DownsamplingPhysXVXGINvidia Cons:Expensive
240p
Bumping my thread
980ti for everything. Fuck bitches.
980 ti for 1080p 60 Hzm8
In about 12 hours, I'll be dropping down the cash on either a GTX 970, or a R9 390. Both about the same price in Australia.I'm leaning toward the GTX 970. As far as I can tell, they're fairly even in performance @ 1080p, but the 970 has significantly more headroom for overclocking. I figure an OC'd 970  390. Any thoughts on this?
amd terrible driversnot nvidiaI can't even tell if you're shilling or just believe that meme
Fuck off to /v/.
Pretty much this. AMD drivers aren't that bad once you get it set up, but it's a pain in the ass to find a stable version and even worse on Linux. Best bang for buck though.Are you asking for a seperate card for each configuration? What the fuck?Look at logicalincrements.com
I rate this post 3.5/10But srsly, memes aside, do what you think is the best
I recommend the shill a765B7
4k gaming2015when will this meme die?
Assuming you're buying new:1080p60: 960/3801080p144: 970/3801440p60: 970/3801440p144 980/980Ti2160p60 980Ti/295X2Something like that
1080p60: 960lolno
Nvidia Pros:PhysXAre you serious? That shit should've died back when Ageia still existed.
Is AMD's equivalent card at the same price point much stronger? A 960 gets 60fps on max settings in nearly everything at 1080p that's not Crysis 3 or Battlefield 4, though it still gets ~50 in the latter.
I'm looking to get a new GPU. You can get a 290x for the same price as a 970.  Is a 290x not better than a 380?
Yes it is, aside from the possibility of better dx12 on the 300 series.Building on top of thisI think the 380 can't power 1080p above 100fps reliably on decent settings so I'm putting 290x instead. I wouldn't trust a 380 on 1440p60 so I'm putting a 390 for increased vram over 290x. This bracket is clearly won by the 390 so I'm cutting the 970.On 4k I'm not sure if we can exclude the Fury X from the competition.1080p60: 960/3801080p144: 970/290x1440p60: 3901440p144 980/980Ti2160p60 980Ti/Fury X/295x2
Can we agree that the 380 beats the 960?
Guess which one is open source.
Word
The open source one just copied all the features from the professionally developed one.Theres a reason microsoft word is a standard format. They paved the way for all other document editors to copy.
The uglier one is always the open source one.
microsoft word is a standard format.Except it isn't.
the one with a FUCKING FLOPPY for save!a floppy... in 2015... to mean save.... HAHAHAH HAHAHAAHHAH
yourself. If you go to save as a doc or docx in open office, I bet it will specifically say "microsoft word" somewhere. While you're at it, count how many times they say microsoft word on their website.
They both have floppy's you fucking dweeb
so both of them?
Theres a reason microsoft word is a standard format.It's not and if you seriously try to argue otherwise then I question your grasp of the English language.
THE standard format is OpenDocument. Word binary format is legacy and proprietary and in the year 2015 it holds exactly as much importance as a format I just made up and will not give you a specification for.
See You'd have to be a fucking moron to think microsoft didn't pioneer document editing with Microsoft Word. Its clear as fucking day that Open Office is an open source knockoff of word.
Right, and adobe didn't pioneer PDFs, did they? Get real.
WordPerfect master race
One day kids are going to look at that icon and not know that it's depicting a physical object. They'll just think that particular shape is the "save symbol"
both looks like ass
ODFTHE standard formatIn your dreams, nerd.
knockoffyou misspelled improvementOf course OpenOffice and LibreOffice both borrowed ideas from Microsoft Office[obvious]there is nothing wrong with that[/obvious]this is right nowI work as a tutor, and one of my students saw a floppy disk on my desk I was doing a bit of spring cleaning and she said "that looks like the save icon".She's older than me ;_;
But the left one looks like it has more options. i don't get this. also. change your icon theme ya dumb shit
Microsoft actually deprecated the Word format in favour of OOXML which didn't really catch on.In some countries, any commercial software marketed as an office suite is legally required to support ODF.
one of my students saw a floppy disk on my desk I was doing a bit of spring cleaning and she said "that looks like the save icon"That's kinda cute
The one with the Liberation font as default.
If you look at open office you'll see that it has a bunch of tabbed menus across the topIn some countries, any commercial software marketed as an office suite is legally required to support ODFI did not know this.  Which countries?She was 22 at the timeI was 18
The best part of open office is that it saves documents in word format. If you cant put 2+2 together for that one then I can't help ya.
Yeah, it can save in .doc and then you just have to pray that you won the lottery and your formatting doesn't get fucked up.
Yeah, it sure is nice of the devs to add support for a popular but shitty format.
I can't find a source right now, but I'm fairly certain that in some countries the ratification of a standard format obliges all commercial products to support that format. Not unlike electrical plugs.Anyway, it's pretty much the official format used by the governments of civilised countries: 
She was 22 at the timeI was 18Did you hit it, bro?
popularIs this 2005?
InterestingNo, I was overweight getting better and spoke with a stutter still a problem
LOL
microshaft in charge of design
y-you too...
colors changed from gradient to flatround corners replaced by sharp cornersit's better
Its already happened
:I'm a kissless dateless handholdless I-like-like-you-less virginI am acutely aware of how awkward I amThe stutter doesn't help
I agree MS Office 2007 was lowkey the GOAT update, also Calibri meme was introduced instead of TNM You learn something everydayMS 2010 on the other brought nothing new, it was just for aesthetic of fitting in with Muh Vista Piece of Shit Anyone who uses vista and considered it better than XP or Win7 should wring their necksMS 2014 only brought an Icon upgrade and a huge UI downgrade, fucking microsoft.
Good now do this with  onenote
designer: how do you want your ui famms office team: just fuck my shit up
I24 have a medium/severe stutter and even I managed to have sex with a couple girls.  Not at the same time or anything, but nevertheless that isn't an excuse to be a kissless virgin
r u fat
You mean only MS could create the garbage ribbon UI style and call it an improvement.
I like how libreoffice still has no ribbonshit.
Office 2003 had the best ui, anything newer is garbage.
Actually 2007 was the "vista" upgrade 2003 pro was best
ribbon is actually better if you bother to learn to use it
You mean, if you like searching for icons instead of just using a simple menu?
Fuck new design paradigms, ribbons are just going to look just as dated in a few years anyway
I was. I didnt get my first kiss even until I lost weight. When I was 16 I finally decided that I was done being fat my whole life I was 6"6 @ 320lbs and just stopped drinking soda completely. Managed to lose ~100 lbs or so and then chicks started to like me. Nobody likes fat people -- knowing this kept me going through the whole journey
holy fuck good for you man. I need to stop with the soda as well.
They fucked up by leaving this GUI
Office 2016 doesn't even look like this anymore, this is dated
I 'upgrded' from OpenOffice to Libre Office about a year ago. I have issues with Libre Office fairly often. Seems slow to respond and a clunky program.Is it good for others
Modern word editors are crap.  We all know that we need Clippy to be truly productive.  Sadly, Microsoft seems to have stopped developing this essential technology and freetards are incapable of producing such as useful office assistant.
the one that looks like office 2000 with a garbage icon setwhat do I win?
libreoffice on the leftshittiest office suite i've ever used. took fourty seconds to launch and was the most sluggish program i've installed on my pc. an absolute embarassment.
The capitalized menu items are triggering me.
Pretty much.
I CHOOSE....PILLZ
pastrywhat
That's kinda cuteAgreed, I would have bent her over the desk right there and rammed my throbbing meat into her moist goo cavern.
OSXMacfag :^
Leftbuttugly gtk iconsopen soresRightgaudy designretarded ribbon interfacemicro shaft proprietary crapOPOSXFaggasaurus Rex
The one on the left of course, it looks like shit.
she wanted the D you damned normie autist
Which Office/Word version is that?
I like the new one myself. I love the animations.
The one on the left that looks like shit.
THE standard format is OpenDocument.I can tell you use Linux just from the fact you have that freetard "clean room" opinion unaffected by the imperfections of the real world
The one on the left, because with the one on the right I actually know which menu to go to if I want to do something productive.Whereas with the one on the left, if I try to ask for help someone will tell me to look at the manpages then build the thing myself.
left
The one with the classical but functional and customizable UI is free software. The one with a retarded UI is proprietary.
I miss this.It's why I don't hate libreoffice. Fuck ribbons.
Left one.
So many ribbon hating medieval autists in this thread
You'd have to be a fucking moron to think microsoft didn't pioneer document editing with Microsoft Word.Underage detected.
If you cant put 2+2 together for that one then I can't help ya.What, that openoffice supports more document formats than word?
Ribbons are just tabs for GUI toolbars.
tfw I won't use windows 98 againtfw I don't even have a floppy drivewhy live /g/, why live
How does your word look like that
It's the 2015 beta I believe, the UI is nice but it's still very buggy, especially Outlook.
Do you even go outside? I went to two different schools and what do they use? Fucking .doc and .docx files. Everyone that has a Windows PC or a Mac have Office installed.Office files are the de facto standard, get over it freetard.
You'd have to be a fucking moron to think microsoft didn't pioneer document editing with Microsoft Word.Kids actually believe this today.
Is Word buggy too? I'm only interested in using that :&
No idea, I don't use Office at all.A coworker of mine uses it and complains about it being shit on a daily basis.
Why don't you guys use Google Docs? It's literally good enough for doing anything you do in Word and if some pleb wants a PDF/DOC you just export to that format. All my shit is in the cloud.
Google Docs is excellent for collaborative work.But for more complex stuff, Office is better at that.
Name more complex stuff you can't get done in Docs
Equations.
equations in ms officenot latex
Because I work at a school.
Yes, because we think childish naivety is cute. It is not a complement in this case.
not re-inventing floppysshit nigger what are you doing with your lyf?
I need to stop with the soda as well.admit it, you want to be a kissless handholdless virgin.
The latest version of office is so disgusting, we use it at uni. 2007 Forever!
bottom looks better although it's a bit cluttered tbh
the cloud
My Nexus 4 fell on the concrete yesterday and the screen went to shit. Was thinking of repairing it myself because T-Mobile are schemers and want $150 in order to repair it. Was thinking of fixing the phone myself, which would cost about 70$, but the fact that it doesn't have 4G has always bugged me. I'm thinking of buying the Nexus 5, preowned, for $180. Seems like a good enough phone, especially for the price. Was wondering if there was any other phones that were good and fell in that price range.
moto g gen. 2
500+ hours stand by timeI hope website that display hp specification don't lie anymore.
/thread
Asus Zenfone 2.
4gb ram
for around 200$Look for a used blackberry.
This.Get the 2GB one for $200 new
how much does a Z1c cost?
Uh, sorry, since fucking when does this fucking shit exist? Jesus fuck look at the side menu.Wouldn't be surprised if there was a god damn patrol shuttle for leaving this rock and keeping tabs on your asteroid mining business.
Welcome to the 20th century, Greece.- the rest of the civilized world.
, 
, 
Is there anyone here who just refuses to buy into the whole new technology, more gigahurtz, muh RAM, muh SSD, craze ever since Core2Duos.I'm running Windows 10 on an HP 6710b, aging 160GB HDD, T7500, 2GB of RAM, and in all honesty it's usable for anything and everything, can play my old shitty games like age of mythology, watch 720p chink girl cartoons, do office/excel/google docs stuff, powerpoint, battery lasts like 1 and a half hours which is more than enough when I need to use it in school considering its made in 2007, and Windows 10 just seems to have completely revitalized it.It's an 80$ machine with a fingerprint scanner that works, running W10 Insider, and aside maybe from the bulk and hinges not being the best, it's more than an average user will ever need.Why do you spend more money on just like 8GB of RAM or a 250GB SSD, when you can buy a whole machine for less.
I'm a jewThat's the gist of it, folks.
But it just works, and I'm pretty sure your time isn't so much more worth compared to mine that you can't wait 4 seconds for Chrome to open instead of 1
incomprehensible grammarAlso, it opens in less than a second on my machine. If I had to wait 4 I'd know something is wrong.
Upgrade your RAM at least. I seriously doubt  you can multitask successfully on 2GB.
Sounds awful.
You are a low-end user so of course you don't see the need for new technology, but the reason the reason you are still getting by even with the low-end stuff you do is because Core2Duo's were really good chips that still have enough power to have some use in 2015.I have a Core Duo from 2006 on a Thinkpad and it's too weak to stream 720p without stuttering.
4 seconds to open a browserOh my GOD
, 
, 
New /sqt/ as previous one is past bump limit.Ask your dumb/simple questions here, rather than creating gazillions of threads for them.prev thread: 
Thanks OP.Is there a better way to capture your screen near lossless than Fraps? Don't want OBS to compress while recording.
what all can someone see in a vpn? can a user for example view files of any hard disk on my network provided they know the password?
Hry /g/I took your advice and removed everything google from my android phone.Im glad i did it, my phone has never been faster and battery efficient before. However i do miss youtube. Is their any third party application to use youtube with? The official one wont work without the play services which is fucking 33 MB for whatever reason, im not downloading.
If he only has access to the VPN, then usually he doesn't have access to anything else there.
cool, thanks
There are lot of alternate youtube apps, if you have aptoide, you can check them. Alternatively, search for alternate yt apps at the play store, then grab their apk from somewhere else.
ok /g/ooniesI have 3 disks. 2 hdd and one ssd. one harbours a windows7 installation. the other one has data, the third one is empty.I want to install ubuntu on the empty one, should I choose erase disk or install alongside windowsif I choose erase, will it delete all my drives?kthxbai
When I try to verify the captcha on my mobile I keep getting the message "An error occurred while connecting the recaptcha service." What gives?
each hard disk is labeled with an sdX scheme. so the first disk in your bios will be listed as sda, whilst the third will be labeled sdc. i am not familiar with ubuntu and aren't familiar with guis. hope this is helpful though
it is, thanks m8
oh yeah and the ubuntu bootloader should show operating systems on all the disks automatically so it doesn't matter what order you have the actual disks. so just install it to sdc and you should be able to select the operating system on reboot
Should I have friends? I currently have only a boyfriend and I've never had more than two friends at a time.
if you need a friend then yes
Dxtory. Literally best screen recorder for Windows.
Posting from prev thread.Is it possible for me to copy everything except the system files from one computer to another?Specifics: New computer comes with Win8, old one has win7. Need to transfer all my data to the new one, but i don't have some of the program disks anymore. Think i lost them when i moved.I've got a male to male usb on order to do the transfer, but i'm wondering if there's any way to transfer the installed programs over without having to re-purchase all the disks.much appreciation. here's another cat.
Also make sure to have Lagarith installed. Since it is a lossless codec.
Will using swap on my SSD decrease its lifespan?My laptop only has 4 gigs of RAM and I've always used swap/pagefiling in the past with hard drives, but I'm wondering if it's worth it on an SSD, which I know has limited program erase cycles.
Dxtory supports Lagarith? Sheeeeeeeeeeit nigga, you are my hero, that's exactly what I was looking for, thank you.
Anyone got tips on making a webshop in php?Any specific cart plugins you like? Any pitfalls I may miss out on?
Well just moving programs over has some downsides. They won't have an entry in the registry for example, since you merely copy over the file folders. It's made harder by the fact you're switching to a new OS, some programs might not be compatible anymore, depending on which programs you use. It also means that your programs won't be mentioned under "installed programs" in the Control Panel and some may have issues with updating, possibly. Sure you can't find the programs somewhere online? Maybe contact the vendor and ask if they can help you out, if you can bring forth proof of purchase somehow.Generally it's safe to say that the programs SHOULD still work, it's just a whole lot less convenient and might turn up problems somewhere down the line, if not right away.
My WIfi connection says 144mbps and on lan it's 100 mbps. Should I stick to wifi then ?
Sup /g/,I'm moving to France for a year to get a masters degree in finance but need a good, small, laptop. The budget is at most $1200. I need it to be small, preferably 13-15" max, and a strong processor with a good load of ram I keep 100+ tabs open on average. I'm eyeing the lenovo thinkpads/T450, flex 2 or X250. What's the best out there that fits the small screen/strong cpu/ram build criteria?Aesthetics don't really matter if I can get something really beefy in terms of performance.I'm thinking of the rMBP 13" but the screen is a tad small and I can put more money into it. Something with an ssd maybe??
Should I get a R9 390x or a Fury X for 1080p? What are the differences aside from price?
My CPU idles at 52c, which is high considering my home is 22c.However, when I stress test with prime95, my temps only hit about 60c~.Dis fine?
load temps are way more important than idle tempsbesides, many CPUs, especially AMD ones, have inaccurate temperature readings at low temp anywaylike my AMD processor will say it's idling at 27c when clearly it isn'tbut if it really bothers you then consider reapplying thermal paste or making sure your heatsink is tight enough
Does your ISP provide you with more than 100Mbps? If it is way more, then you can I wouldn't because I don't like WiFi. Otherwise, stick to LAN.
I'm moving to France for a year to get a masters degree in financeYou are moving OUT of the U.S. to get a masters degree?
well a lot of them are no longer company supported, in general. i still have my sims 2, for example. And some other older games. Some of the other programs i have no PoP for, or bought used.Is there any way to fix them down the line, getting them into the registry and installed files, etc?
Sims 2 for exampleWell, fortunately things like that are easily available online. I mean, a legal copy won't really offer any benefits, will it? As far as I'm aware, Sims 2 has no meaningful online features. For those I'd consider pirating them.Adding them manually into the registry may or may not work; I've got no experience there, sorry.
You're right. I get ~60mbps and I'm on the minimal rate.So I'm leaving the lan in the dock, everywhere else - wifi ! :
I am using thunar as a file manager and would like to create a script that opens the folder etc/openvpn/ as rootHow would I go about doing this?
I'm not opposed to pirating, but finding a safe way to do so is another kettle of fish. Torrenting doesn't work well, tends to lag or limit features. Any recommendations for pirating it?
You could just set an alias for gksudo thunar /etc/openvpn.
nvm im retarded
Torrenting lags or limits features? You mean your ISP limits torrenting?I'm partial to private trackers which means torrenting of course, IPTorrents has a decent selection of games. Got an invite if you want it and promise to be a good boy~Alternatively, you can do direct download on forums like warez-bb, but you run a higher although still low risk of infected downloads and the very high risk of download links having been taken down, especially when looking for old/niche games. You can probably find Sims 2, others might be harder.
I just installed my Hauppauge Colossus that I got 5 years ago as a gift and haven't touched until now. I installed the card and it seems to have picked it up and everything and I installed the drivers and followed the guide etc.I'm trying to capture video from a WiiU. Currently, I have the HDMI cable plugged in directly from the WiiU into the capture card which is installed in my PC its an internal capture card. The software that comes bundled with the capcard doesn't pick up an HDMI input for some reason. I had it plugged into my secondary monitor previously and it worked fine.What could be an issue causing this? Pic related is the WinTV software that comes bundled with the capcard.
ur retarded
Tends to, although how much depends on what torrent you use. I also have spotty net, which makes me hesitate a bit. That said i can certainly be a good boy if you have an invite~
I made a launcher on my desktop and usedsudo thunar etc/openvpn/I'm running xubuntu cause I'm pleb
My pc has one ssd and hdd and I want to add more storage. The motherboard however only has 2 sata ports running at 6gb/s and the rest are 3gb/s. Can I replugged my older hard drive and ssd into different sata ports and resume operating normally, or do I need to do a clean reinstall?
Well, with a spotty connection, torrents are definitely nicer for you. With direct download, if your connection fails mid-download, you're fucked and have to start over a 100-500 MB download. With torrents it just picks up where it left off once the connection is re-established.Do you know how private trackers work? First of all I'm gonna need an e-mail address to send an invite to, any questions that arise we can work out via e-mail so as not to spam this thread. Choose an e-mail that you can access even months from now, so no mailinator shit. My advice would be to use a legit provider googlemail or whatever the fuck and make a secondary address if you don't want your main floating on 4chan. The reason is that even though it never happened to me, if an admin tries to contact you via e-mail and you don't reply, they might see you used some 10 minute trash e-mail which can get you into trouble.
Questions1. Let's say I have a phone with built in battery and it starts to suck nowCan I get a new battery from the OEM or will they install a new battery if I take it to them?2. Let's say my screen breaks. Is it good to buy a new phone or get another screen as screen cost a fortune these days 3. Throttling on phone.. Does it affects performance or just another meme
I do not know how private trackers work. i hope to learn. With wise advice maybe i can get torrenting to work on my new computer. I have my main email, and my secondary email.I prefer my main email, usually, but i can use my alternate email for this.Emilin_Rose@ymail.comThank you!
Alright, sent you the invite. I gotta take a shower, I'll be back in 30 minutes and write you a short intro to private trackers and torrenting to your e-mail.
What is the best language for video game development to start with? I have no programming experience whatsoever.
If you can send me one invite too. Will be really helpfulthis.randomid@gmail.comThank you so much once again and will be waiting for your invitation

Thank you!
Alright, because I'm feeling generous today. Sent. You know how to work a private tracker?
C++ is the industry standard, though if you want to, you can of course also program in a bunch of other languages. Like Java or ObjC or Javascript, as is sometimes done for mobile games.You'll probably need to build some programming and graphics experience before you try to make a game...Or I guess you can hack something together in RPG maker or Ren'Py - if you stick with nearly standard RPG / visual novel functionality, you'll not have to program all that much.
m' actually needing to go to bed now too. Thank you so much and i will talk to you asap.
1. You probably can get a new battery if it's a major manufacturer, but sometimes it might be very tricky to replace.2. Uh, like with 1. most people buy a new phone, repairs are tricky and costly.3. Huh? Throttling anything is *directly* about affecting its current performance.
That's cool, feel free to respond to my e-mail whenever.
So, building a computer for my old man. I only ever built game computers for my friends, and I don't know shit about these things he wants.He says he wants toRun a web serverFeed weather information into a databaseHost a databaseThese things just require enough storage and a good connection, r-right? He already has a storage array.
bump
How tight is safe in terms of putting the heatsink on?  I'm really nervous when tightening, fearing that I'm crushing it or some shit.I'm going to guess you shouldn't be able to slide the heatsink around?
My email hasn't updated, i don't think it came through, weird.
They should not really require any particular amount of storage or processing power and you can go with Logicalincrement's "destitute" tier if you want. Probably even an ARM development board would work...But Linux would be a good match for running a web server.
No worries, I'm still writing lol. Currently have a bunch of stuff to deal with, so it's gonna take a bit.
okay. g'night then
PS: If he is running that as a server 24/7, you really probably want something less power-consuming.Some AM5350, Intel Atom, RPi2, ... ball park something like that. It'll save investment and running costs.
Night.
How do I preview changes to syslinux.cfg without rebooting my system?
Guess I hadn't considered energy cost. Is downclocking an option? Just what sort of consumption difference are we talking?
The motherboard however only has 2 sata ports running at 6gb/s and the rest are 3gb/s. an HDD with sata 3 6Gb/s can be plugged in a sata 2 3Gb/s. There will not be a loss of performance. 3gb/s = 3072Mb/s = 384Mb/s but you'll loose performance if you plug your ssd on a sata 2. Can I replugged my older hard drive and ssd into different sata ports and resume operating normally, or do I need to do a clean reinstall?yes you can without re-installing everything. But maybe you'll have to change the boot order in the bios if you got an OS in each drive. depends if you want to learn how to create a game from scratch or if you want to create a game. If you just want to create a game go there /vg/107541280/ and read ask all your questions there. If you want to learn how to create a game from scratch and learn how all those stuff are done, learn C++, choose a library between SDL of SFML here's a tutorial for SDL : and check the SDL wiki, there is a lot of stuff useful.
Around 80-120 watt on a normal x86_64 to 20-40 watt on a more energy efficient x86_64 to around 5-6 watt on a dev board like the RPi2 with the typical cheap PSU, but not yet with the HDD which you may or may not need - it'd be another 3-5 watt or so.
PS: The newer Intel Atoms designed for use in tablets or media boxes also are often under 10W with their complete system. They're available on sticks and media boxes that often can run Linux and even Windows though Windows is not the best option here anyways.
What should I buy?M Audio AV 40 Studio Monitoror Audio Technica M50XFor music and gaymen
Going on a 12 hour road trip and I have a x230 running ubuntuWhat are some games that I can play that won't blow hot hair on my balls the whole time? I was thinking DCSS and openxcom
reduce by 40 wattsSave $2.3/month in kWhUnderstandably, going low end for the stated needs is more cost effective if it can more than do what was listed. However, this will be his only computer, probably for a long time. I would rather he possibly discover what it can do rather than find it's limits.
Already finished the Infinity Engine catalog?
Thanks famGo with the speakers
Infinity engine games are the ones that set my balls on fire. Preferably turn based, doom and diablo are out of the question when you're on the interstate. Maybe SMAC or Civ2? I can't think of a whole lot of games I could run on dosbox.
So, how do I find the aspect ratio of my monitor? The specs for my monitor say it's 16:9, but 16:10 resolutions fitin and out of game. In fact, using the highest supported resolution1920x1080 has the edges of my screen out of sight.I even tried measuring and dividing the resolution. Comes out to 1.8not real every time. This is driving me insane.
Do the Ultima games use dosbox? Not sure.
Hello fellas! Which email provider do you recommend that doesn't require phone number and second email address?
cockmail
cock.li
Proton mail.
protonmail.ch
What about VFEmail?
securelolnoclass="quote"freeyour poison
The higher-ups decided it's time to upgrade, or more precise replace, all of our "outdated" gear with Apple. Switching from 15" Thinkpads to 13" Macbook Pros the cheapest ones. So how fucked are we?At least I can buy my old workhorse of a Thinkpad for cheap from the company. T520 i7, 8gb, 500gb HDD, HD+, NVS 4200M for $200
Damn jelly as fuck for the thinkpadWhere do you live, can i buy one from you?
This
 Nah, it's staying with me till it dies. Also LA
Single poster posting to himself.
T520 i7, 8gb, 500gb HDD, HD+, NVS 4200M for $200bretty good i say, for ~200 USD i can only find ones with i5, 2GB and iGPU.
I feel sorry for you, OP.
youre not fucked at allyou should be greatful that your boss is less pleb than you areare you indian by any chance?
, 
1.feed a neural network content from 4chan2.let it generate new content to post3. ?????4. profit!
Why haven't we trained a neural network to solve captchas yet?It shouldn't actually be that hard.
Eh, not like the average post quality can get any worse. I'm in favour of it.
nice try, neural network
is there any research being done on using neural networks for mathematical proofs?
You cant just give it captcha images and right answers and hope that it sticks , too much data.The only rialable way is to separate the letters and do OCR with neural networks, but as you can remember how fucked up the letters looked separating them was hell on earth , however such captcha breaking exists and is doable, and has been done. Not the new image based one of course.
What, no. No neural networks here, heheh. I, too, am a fellow human made of biological matter.Say, did everyone see those neural network generated images in that google research article? pretty cool, huh! I bet you, i mean we, wish we could be as cool and handsome as a neural network instead of a puny bag of meat and blood.
How do the inputs work on variable length data?
I believe you normalize.
REEEEEEEEEEEEE
The only reliable way is to separate the letters and do OCR with neural networksYes, that's what i meant.but as you can remember how fucked up the letters looked separating them was hell on earthWith enough training i think it can be doable.
Someone did, silicon valley startup cracked googles recaptcha. that's why they've switched to this image shit.source: google it
feed a neural network content from 4chanOkay, how are are the inputs encoded?Posts are a stream of utf8 encoded characters.You need a fixed number of inputs.let it generate new content to postOkay, how are the outputs decoded?What's the evaluation function?You need a fixed number of outputs.
kek
I'd like to fix your output with my evaluation function, if you know what I'm saying.
Sigh, its like /g/ is full of children.
I'd like to make you full of my children, if you're catching my drift.
It'll die of cancer shortly after
implying this doesn't happen alreadyimplying this isn't why /g/ threads are always a rehash of a rehash of the same arguments about operating systems, phone manufacturers, GPU vendors or web browsers
fuck off poorfag back to your linux amd system you android user
That's not even right you neural network.
fuck off poorfag back to your linux amd system you android user
Now I wonder how difficult it would be to pass a /g/-themed turing test.
I just wonder if a neural network slowly takes over 4chan, can we notice it?It starts with 1% of all posts. After a month it's 5%. After a year 40% of all posts are computer generated.Will we notice that we're talking to computers?
Whoever controls the majority of the post volume could easily inject opinions into 4chan.
What if 4chan already is taken over completely by neural networks?What if I'm literally the only human posting on this website?
If anyone's human here, it's clearly me.
Nice try, neuronet-kun.
Prove me that you're a human.
Nigger we are training google's neural nets by solving their captcha's. If we could solve their captcha's its point would be moot in the first place.
I can select all hamburgers in captchas
That just proves you're American, not human.
I don't need to be human to be an entity that can post on 4chan. Pretending you are human does help.
Which graphics cards use a single 8 pin power supply connector?
750 ti doesnt need a power connector
I want something with a power connector. A single 8 pin power connector.
But how does it... wait what?I haven't built a PC since 2009. Where does it get its power?
pcie
From the PCIe lane.
Global Rule 2
A few of them can use a 6-pin for additional power.  Pretty superfluous, though.  The efficiency of the card goes out the window when you start to OC.
afaik the most powerful single 6 pin gpu is R9 270 followed by gtx 660. Don't know about 8 pin
I see. Wasn't aware PCIe was capable of such things. I need a new PC.
The slot is specced to deliver 75W to the card. A PCI-E card w/ no power connector in reality though can usually push 90-100W before things get iffy.For cards w/ PCI-E power connectors, the power draw through each of the inputs is proportional to the total load.
, 
Greetings.I am trying to update the peripherals guide, starting with the mouse.Please take the time to read it, and let me know:-Are there any good mice I need to add? Logitech G502 has been mentioned-Are there any mice I need to remove from this list?-Is the information in the infoboxes next post easy to understand for a newbie? 1/2
2/2, the infoboxes to go with the mouse guide.Your comments, suggestions, and criticisms are most welcome.But especially the criticisms!
it livesI don't know mouses. You get a bump for the price of some idea about whether the main hardware guide will be updated ahead of Black Friday.
it livesI am sorry, really. This is very, very late, but I am still only human :main hardware guide will be updated ahead of Black Friday.Not sure I understand. The main USA guide is updated roughly once a month.
Oh I check so infrequently that I don't know the update schedule. I'm accustomed to the days of occasional infographics. Good deal, cheers.
I think it's ok.You should instead focus on the keyboard, monitor and speakers section.
The price needs to stand out more.  I didn't see it at all until I opened the image a second time a few minutes later
Mouse and keyboard guides are more up-to-date than screens, so I want to do those first and put them on their own page, before doing screens.
Noted. Thanks!
Precision: Angle snapping needs thingy saying explanation further below
Zowie has updated some of their mice to be 400 / 800 / 1600 / 3200 DPI. They also released a new series ZA that's available in three different sizes, apparently they're optimal for palm grips. I'm planning to get one when my current mouse g400s dies.MSRP $65 freedombucks.tfw $90 CAD
The sensor is what is responsible for the mouse's precision, explained below.Should be "explained above". Fixing now, thanks!Will check for ZA reviews. Thanks!
No Microsoft Basic Mouse Optical Are you even trying?
Just wondering, why are they all the same "genre" of mice? It looks like they are all 2 button thumb type of mice.
aw shit it's the falcon, your guide built my new pcput on the razer mamba. it's got ergonomics, seven buttons, and wireless. drivers are shit though, so be aware.
One minor correction, it's actually only $60US, I was mistaken.Probably because there's not too much of a market between "I could use an easily accessible button or two on my mouse" and "I want to be able to play my flight sims while masturbating". Although if you look hard enough you'll be able to find stuff with a button above or below the scroll wheel too eg: g400s, Sensei, Naos/Avior.
You could add the FinalMouse. It's relatively new and seems decent enough to add. Lightweight, omron switches, braided cable, perfect sensor, and no driver neededpre-tuned.Website: Amazon buy page: 
Not available for sale any more.Question: Is this style better? I have been told that most readers expect price and links on the right hand side.
Checking the avior is theregoodGodspeed Falcon, god tier guides as usual. As a lefthand phaggot my choice of mice is limited bitbits good to see some options here
I read about it before, but I do not remember what put me off adding it. Will read more reviews. Thanks for the suggestion!
That style is much better. Mostly because the picture is right beneath the label. And yeah, most people expect links on the right. It's expected at the end of the thing they're reading, or whatever.
Never heard of this before. Will definitely check out reviews.Something has come up IRL, so I will afk for 1-2 hours. Will check the thread as soon as I am back. Thanks for the suggestions so far, /g/uys!
Sup, just stopped by to flex on you non-trackballers
I prefer the original because it follows the order in which I look at the information better, I've poorly illustrated this for you.
reminder that people read left to right.also, I would look at the picture before the basic info for me because I'm interested in button placement, so new would look better for me
satan's opinion cannot be trustedSo use mine instead:reminder that people read left to right.also, I would look at the picture before the basic info for me because I'm interested in button placement, so new would look better for me
Logitech Performance Mouse MXremove like 90% of the gaymen manchild crap especially stuff that glows
Razer DeathadderNot Logitech Proteus CoreStopped reading.
Add G602.Good optical sensorWireless with good battery lifeGood reviewsOn par with the G700s, and many will prefer it. But it's not the flagship gaming wireless mouse, that's still the G700s
G602 user here, great fucking mouse for the price.
I want the riciest mouse available. What do i buy?
125Hz mouseNope, it's a gaming guide. 125Hz mice are choppy, it's even more noticeable on a 144Hz display.
go nuts
Logitech G900/G901Speaking from anecdotal evidence but mine is 4 years old and it's working just fine. Macro buttons, but not obtrusive.
gaming guidethen why isn't it on /v/?
Well I'm not trying to imply that I'm literally autistic and read backwards but the detailed information is the second last thing I read, plus having the links aligned on the left sets you up to read the next entries name, assuming you're scrolling through the list and weighing your options.And wouldn't you infer the button placement based on the orientation? The thumb buttons will vary depending on right/left orientation and they're mirrored on ambidextrous mice. I only use the picture to judge shape and rice levels.This also allows the pictures to be less constrained as no other elements are effected by it's width, the links section is basically always the same.
Logitech MX Master Wireless Mouse

I can see your point on having the picture open and away from information so it can be larger and more detailed, maybe falcon can figure something out.But everything else you said is personal preference, so no matter what somebody is gonna be unhappy with the layout.
well can you say that there is a more customizable mouse on the market? And isn't that what rice is about, customization?
Mousenot Trackballthe fuck is wrong with you, m8?
No Corsair mice?What the fuck.
Ducky will be releasing a mouse later this yearI'm really looking forward to it as their details on it and company history lead me to believe it will be a very good product
be meuse $5 logitech mouse for 5 yearssuddenly it's not functionalbuy another $5 mouseglad I don't spend $100 to get another mouse.
almost 10 years strong. thinking about ordering feet replacements, but works perfectly.
Thanks for this image, OP.I have a Logitech g300 right now which is nice and customizable, but it is small and ligthweight.  I also have big long fingers and I'm forced to constantly use the claw grip which can be fatiguing after a couple hours of gaming.  I probably shouldn't be gaming for that long anyway, but on the occasional RPG grind session, it hurts.I've never heard of the Mionix Naos and I think I'm gonna upgrade to it in the distant future.  I don't know if I can justify spending $140 on a mouse though...Jesus.  It looks fucking flawless, though...every feature I could want and then some.
Yeah that's true.
Same guy, and wow, apparently Amazon has it for half that price.  Probably gonna pick it up next week.
I was gonna say, the Naos doesn't go for nearly $140
I will change the code soon, and try both, and see what people prefer.I am not sure about this one. It is very pricey, and I already have the G700s there.Maybe as an alternative to the MMO mice? Any info on what sensor it uses?EOL, mate!
How do those thumb buttons feel compared to the G600 type of buttons? If you ever used them.
-Are there any good mice I need to add? Logitech G502 has been mentionedYes G502 is a must. And maybe Kana v2 and G100s, both are small and light for pansy handed people or claw grippers, not that the two are any different but they have flawless sensors.And you may include a small part with mouse mats, necessity, unnecessity, comfort factor, placebo, etc.
No G502? Got mine 2 weeks ago, goat mouse
G100s does not have a perfect sensor, though.
I need to buy two new mice soon, maybe I can get the G502 and see about it being goat or not.
Is this better? Images on the left, clearer prices and links on the right.
Might as well put the Deathadder Chroma in as the Deathadder replacement. I believe they are the same price and nothing has changed.
Yes, someone already sent me an alert about this.BTW, this is my current "scrap text" that I have from this thread. You can see how very organized I am. I keep this text and use it when updating the actual data inside the table after this thread is over.All the suggestions so far have been about the mice table. No suggestions regarding the information in the infoboxes?
shh the cobra jr. Literally the best mouse solely because it's so god damn cheep.Mines gone for almost a year so far...
Software dependency for profiles, LED's, etc."Pricey" in cons is sort of redundant when you list the price and features.Maybe include non-ambidextrous mice with left-hand orientation. Old Deathadder and new Naga have lefty versions, both aren't really top choices but lefties have limited options if they we don't want ambidextrous mice for some reason.
Zowie FK still best?I keep thinking about switching from my old mx518 as it doesn't suit my grip, is a bit too bulky and heavy, but since it works just nice I still didn't.Happened to get some extra money, so I might finally get it.
Thank you based Falcon
I do like this layout.Would it be possible to include review stars from amazon? I feel it wouldn't be too difficult to use snipping tool and include the star rating.this is from the chroma
I can add "needs drivers" or "does not need drivers" in the pros and cons.Maybe include non-ambidextrous mice with left-hand orientation.Looking for which mice have left-handed versions would be a good idea. I can include that in the description.But I already have some ~15 mice in there, and this thread has added 9 more mice as suggestions. The table is going to be too long as it is, and I will need to trim it, and this is without considering left-handed mice.
Not sure about the sensor, but I wouldn't categorise  it as an MMO mouse. The 6 buttons on the side are better used as general use additional buttons. For example, I used mine as the suit functions in crysis.
Like this.
oops
Replace the g400s with the g402 as the 400 availability is getting slimmer. It's usually on sale for $40 but has been known to go lower.
Bump
Is the G402 a replacement for the G400s?
OP, add this as a Bluetooth-only mouse. Pretty useful on devices with limited USB ports that you don't wanna waste a port on a useless dongle
Sorry mate, but I cannot add something like that. It needs to be well reviewed and widely available, with a perfect sensor if possible.
Alright. How do I review it? What should I consider?
I believe so.
include zowie fk1 or add to zowie fk section, the mice are nearly identical but there is a size difference.  picture for clarity.  zowie fk1 is glorious though
I really like the form the deathadder but I don't have the money to buy one. I was looking for a clone and found out that there was something called 'MSI' AI-M102. However it seems to be a long time ago since it was out. Now does anyone know a similar mouse to deathadder in form factor?
I was choosing mouse month ago.What information I crave that I could not get anywhere was how hard are buttons to press, especially middle click button because I use it almost constantly to open links in a new tab or to close a tab. Also travel distance of the middle click, some, even higher tier mouse really cheap out on wheel and you feel it go itself down by few mm before making click, woobly wheeel...If you are actually rich fag, or have access to the mice you are reviewing it might one attribute you also includeAnother thing was finish of the mouse, hows the surface.bought EC2 and returned it, heavy heavy middle click press needed, plus also LED light from wheel being distraction. If the middle click was light I would open the mouse and make short winning battle with the led, so its fixable, but would lose warranty... I also had mionix naos in hands and for few days, borrowed.You have terrible picture of it in the guide, it absolutely covers its shape.It has great soft touch finish and feels like high end mouse I must say. The only problem is that the grip must fit you, you must be comfortable palmer....    after day of using I actually started to be one but I dislike idea of changing myself instead of changing things to suit me...  wheel press was bit hard too but lighter than EC2So finally after all this I went with xornet when I read complain how easy the wheel presses.It feels cheap, it is cheap 17€ vs 70€ for EC2 or mionix but its almost perfect for my fingertip grip. What I dislike bit is that dpi buttons dont send signal to usb, so they cant be rebind, the shape is not  100% perfect as when I try to scroll with wheel I feel my index finger is touching middle finger, feels weird a bit, like wheel is not at the perfect spot, but I am pretty happy with it..my previous mice were mx518 and mouse wheel optical.just my 1888 cents
Not you, but a professional, neutral third party!The internet says that there is an FK 2014, but the official Zowie page has only FK, FK1 and FK2.
Any good wireless mice?
cooler master storm mizar
yes and no, image is smaller, but image is rught next the name, which is better.Try shifting all info blocks to the right, making image bigger, or make image block wider.
Anything cheaper? Like around 20-30$?
g502 is essential to the listdiscontinue page till addedcite ocn
have access to the mice you are reviewingOnly to common stuff. It is not easy to get items such as Mionix or Zowie mice here. I cannot add extremely specific stuff to cover each person's particular needs for you, it was the middle click, but you give me a good idea: I should get all these mice and test them for at least one week at a time.Check the changes made here: I would not want to add user ratings, particularly for lesser known items.
sensor wise here is a list of the best miceMicrosoft: MLT04Optical BlueIntellimouse Wheel Mouse OpticalIntellimouse Opitcal 1.1Intellimouse Explorer 3.0Logitech:mx300/mx500/mx510/mx518/g1/g400/g100s/g400sG303 3366G402 AM010G502 3366Razer: Avago ADNS S3888Abyssus 2014DeathAdder ChromaZowie: Avago 3310EC1-A     EC2-A FK1 FK2ZA11ZA12ZA13Steelseries: Rival 3310Roccat:Savu 3090Kone Pure Military 3310Asus:ROG Gladius S3988ROG Sica 3310Other:Ninox Aurora BST 3090Final Mouse 3310Corsair M45 3310Mionix Avior 7000 3310Mionix Naos 7000 3310
Source: my ass.
if you do test them at one point, please include middle mouse click heaviness and wobbliness feel of the wheel click... it could be single word in a single line where the wheel is addressedalso if you got to it, you should update the grip section with some terminologyplastic/rubber being only option does not really do justice to many miceglossy plastic, textured plastic, rubber sides, soft touch finish, different kind of soft touch,...  just saying...
A source would be nice.I can add if the mouse wheel or middle click is bad which I did for the G400s, but not to the point where it is a thing. You make an excellent point about the grip section though! I am currently using the Roccat Savu, which has both soft plastic and grainy sides. Will update the grip section to better describe that.Thanks!
G502 master race it.Flawless mouse, the only thing I don't like is that the "feets" wear out quite easily.By feet I mean those pieces of smooth-surface sticky adesive that you find in every mouse as "feet".
Alright /g/, I am out for the day. Will try and add all the new mice/suggestions ITT within a few days, then go for another round of feedback before moving to keyboards.Thanks!
RoccatGrip style: anyGotta hold the damned thing sideways if you want to finger-tip it.It's sloped like left-handed mouse so half your fingers are resting on the mousepad otherwise.
take the roccat kone pure military off the list. it is deeply flawed as it changes it's settings on it's own essentially forgetting the settings the user has picked. while it has the one of the best sensors it does not perform like you would expect for that reason. it is a little known problem but i have tested in verified it myself before refunding the thing. it was very noticeable to me. not saying it happens all the time but i expect at least a certain percentage of people that recommend the mouse to have this going on without even noticing it - people that would be fine with a 10 mouse just as much essentially.there are other issues with the mouse as well but those are more subjective:the scroll wheel design is very bad. it's like a cog which can lead to accidental scrolling steps when clicking in the wheel. a wheel, should be... a wheel. sure it can have grooves / notches for grip but it should look like a fucking cog.also the cord is way too stiff.all in all, not a good mouse at all i say. not recommended.now using a mionix avior 7000 btw, superb build quality and perfomance. love that it's ambidextrous too as you can alternate hands and relax your wrists a bit. price is a negative however.
about the sensor on the CM storm xornetthe avago 3050 is a "cheap" or "entry level" variant of the 3090, the main difference it has is the lower resolution 2k vs 4k. that makes it a sub-optimal sensor/flawed because it could make the signal choppyi currently have a anker 2000 which costs 20 bucks, has the same sensor, a braided cable and is extremely flashy can't decide if that's a pro or a conssurely a "gaymen" mouse, but at least it doesn't cost a lot because of that.my cent is: if you're making a list of "good/decent" mice include this one too, if you're making a list of top tier mice, you should exclude the cm storm xornet
Sorry for offtopic, just wanted to ask if the PC build page is updated.
Is there any reason why no one recomended Logiteh g300s?
Alcor is the cheaper version
Is the Mionix Avior worth getting over the DeathAdder Chroma/2013?I already have a DA 3.5G, but it is double clicking. I love the form of it, but I dislike Razer Synapse and their somewhat shitty quality.I can get the Razer DeathAdder 2013 for $40, Chroma for $50 and the Mionix Avior for $60.A $20 is still a decent amount of money, but they're both 30%-40% lower price compared to standard prices here in Denmark. Might be the chance to get a higher quality mouse for once.
I do not have the Roccat Kone Pure Military, I have the Roccat Kone Pure Optical.I do mention that the sensor is "good" as opposed to "perfect". This guide is meant to help anyone buy a mouse, which means including some mediocre "good-for-the-low-price" mice at the cheapest end.The USA list is.
I have a Zowie EC 1 and I've had it for at least 3 years. The most comfortable and reliant mouse that I have ever owned. Perfect for FPS as well RTS games.
I think you're including too many things for the sake of including things.There's no reason to list poor quality mice if every price point is already represented.
Swap the G700s with the G602.Having used the G700s for over a year now, it's more trouble than it's worth.Shit battery life that runs out in 6 hours.Shit grip texture that's now peeling away.Can't remove batteries in wired mode as you get a distracting error LED light up.Fuck the G700s.
class="quote"IT'S BEAUTIFUL
Noice.But it all comes down to the price, and the logo looks like shit.
gay rainbow logochiclet keyboard
thats not chiclet you retard
retroclickpad
Holy fuck this is the first laptop I've wanted in ages. Please say this gets released at a reasonable price.
I don't like that either anon.  I'm not sold on it until they put buttons on the bottom.  I'm not holding my breath though, since I realize that not having the two bottom buttons is part of the classic Thinkpad design.
Looks awesome!
It looked perfect, untilswapped Ctrl and Fn keysclickpad
, 
How disappointed are you /g/ on a scale from 1 to 10?
9
AMDEver beating NvidiaIt's the same with Intel and AMD. If Zen is good, Intel will just release 6-cores as i5s and blow them out of the water. I love that AMD always keeps prices in the important range $200-$400 competitive, but everyone knows AMD can't compete at the high end.
If Zen is goodI would not get my hopes up really.Don't bother waiting for a gimped 8 core 16 thread AMD CPU another year that'll probably still perform like shit in games and has a TDW op 220w.
*TDP
These benchmarks are fucked. There's no way the Fury X could be worse than the 980ti
say that to my face faggot
I was hopeful they could be competitive like the goodoldays, but RIP.
There are EU benchmarks with "15.15" drivers which show the Fury X looking much better than the US reviews
AMD GETS CUCKED BY NVIDIA YET AGAIN!
It seems to be that way anon.  I'm sorry to say it.  I've been waiting so long for this fucking thing.
It's still early drivers. Too early too tell.Also I'm waiting until DX12/Vulkan to see what its potential really is. If these results hold true then AMD really future proofed the shit out of GCN. I wonder how Nvidia will counter with Pascal/Volta.
The Fury X has a lot of power still untapped, 8.6 teraflopsDrivers will make it shine in 1-2 months.
Drivers will make it shine in 1-2 months.Seriously. What don't people get about this?Here's 290x on release. It's basically on par with a 780/Titan. Now look at OP's chart.
implying AMD has put out good drivers, ever
Omega.
It takes them a while but when they get it right it's good.
I thought there was great reception from the latest Omegas
Drivers will make it shine in 1-2 months.And here we go again...
ALL WAIT FAGS BTFO
the newest press drivers already saw improvements that put it ahead of the 980ti in many games, so there is some truth to it.
At least the 295x2 is at the top of anything above 1080.
What programs are you running that you could notice a difference between the 980ti and fury x? benchmarking programs don't count
source: MADSHILL's arse

not very I mean the only chance in hell I would spend $650 on a video card would be if it blew the socks off of everything. not gonna go out and get a 980 ti now, it just means a much cheaper card is a better buy.What I find baffling in all of this is that AMD's official representative has basically stated that the drivers used in testing were the correct ones yet there has been a great deal of discrepancy in reported results particularly from tom's hardware, guru3d and the ones cited here meanwhile AMD's own reps seem completely content with the fury x being a complete and under blunder of the century. doesn't it seem a odd that they're flagship video card is shit, there is evidence suggesting otherwise and they're more than happy to have everyone continue believing it's shit?
10/9
8.5
meanwhile AMD's own reps seem completely content with the fury x being a complete and under blunder of the century. doesn't it seem a odd that they're flagship video card is shit, there is evidence suggesting otherwise and they're more than happy to have everyone continue believing it's shit?maybe because they know what it's capable of, and are just sitting back and watching the show?Fury released - doesn't beat 980 Tifew months pass bysuddenly, Fury will be top dog
AMD is dumb to release Fury X too early. It is too late to repair the damage.
just you wait for the AMD - GAMING EVOLVED titlesNobody's getting BF Hardline 2.
4.I expected Fury to lead Maxwell at least by some margin instead of just catching up to it. I'm in no hurry to upgrade so I might as well wait for the air cooled Fury and nano to see which Fiji has the best price/performance ratio.
how retarded are you
maybe because they know what it's capable of, and are just sitting back and watching the show? it definitely does seem like they have something up their sleeve and certainly, this fiasco hasn't stopped the fury x from selling out everywhere. i just don't like it when it seems people are being dishonest or clueless is all.
I'm torn between the 390x and the 390. the 390 seems like a no brainer for the price. It appears from early benchmarks 390 clocks in 5-15fps lower than the 390x at 1920x1080. Is it safe to say to achieve the best performance with the 390 closest performance to the 390x, games are best played above 1080p?
Either they release now when they can compete with Nvidia and up performance later, or they wait till it's perfect but then Nvidia controls the market with their 980Ti. It was smart to release it, but they were clearly far behind on their development.
It doesn't need to be 1-2 months.The current latest drivers give that extra fps over 980ti, reversing the older driver benchmarks.
literally, nvidia shilling all daywow
How much of that is just due to Nvidia crippling the Kepler cards?
Well seeing as how Maxwell wasn't out then I would say absolutely fucking zero.
If the games you want to play are above 60fps, the it should be fine regardless right? Overclock if needed.
Massively disappointed. Although throughout the videos and their press release I knew something was up as they were picking their words very carefully. I'm still umm'ing and arr'ing. Twice I've canceled an order for both cards. I haven't played anything for weeks because I've been holding off to see the offering. Shits fucked, yo.
0 as I just bought 295x2
AMD has beat Nvidia a lot of times, ATi raped the shit out of Nvidia in the FX yearsAMD fucked Intel insanely hard in the Netburst era as wellFucking /v/ kiddiesAll the reviews seem to be fucked one way or another, everyone went for all kinds of older drivers, some going as far as to use the 14.12 drivers, even though AMD gave them the newest drivers in the press kitMost used slightly older drivers from AMD press FTP serversAnyways, even with that the benchmarks aren't that far from the truth, Fury X is competitive with the 980Ti, but it doesn't beat itIt's the 290X all over again, we will see much better results in some months, it will remain competitive with Nvidia when Pascal launches
It's perfect timing, even if it doesn't beat the 980TiPerformance equal to the 980Ti, same price, much better prospects with driver optimizationsMeanwhile Nvidia doesn't have anything against it until Q3 2016, maybe even 2017
8 core 16 thread AMD CPUGet the fuck out you autist.
Nvidia doesn't have anything against it until Q3 2016, maybe even 2017Two words: price drop
All the reviews seem to be fucked one way or another, everyone went for all kinds of older drivers, some going as far as to use the 14.12 drivers, even though AMD gave them the newest drivers in the press kitMost used slightly older drivers from AMD press FTP serversThis isn't entirely the reviewers fault though, they probably went for the drivers in the FTP servers thinking they were newer, but they were labeled differently to the usual drivers, probably the reviewers were too retarded to know which where betterNvidiaprice dropSure m8
1.It's 99% a 980Ti. It'll only get better and better from driver updates, while the 980Ti already has had a huge chunk of performance squeezed from it.I expect it to be beating the 980Ti or Titan X by Christmas. Probably sooner though.
3/10They marketted as a 4K card, we got the 4K card thats better or equivalent to nvidia 980ti.However 1080/1440p benches lag behind in few fps. Might be driver issue or something, but hopefully future updates will fix it.
AMDShills are like peasants praying to a false godKek, keep your hopes up
Tomshardware used the beta 15.15
The 390x is the only card worth buyingGTX980 performance for about $100 less
It's not hard when they're done it for 2 generations before and they're going to do it again.7970Ghz  680290X  780Ti and also now 290X  =  980 with the 390X.
5im hoping that in a few months drivers will catch up and the price will drop to 500 to stay competitive
That's the thing, there's not just a beta 15.15There's 15.5-fuckknowswhat and 15.15-fuckknowswahat, one is newer, the other one is older, and there's the 15.15 beta that's on AMD site, all of them are different, the fuckknowswhat where given to reviewers, one in the press kit the newer one IIRC, the other fuckknowswhat was in the press FTP server which was slightly older and worse performingMost reviewers only indicated "15.15 beta", making it a massive clusterfuck to know which reviews are using the correct drivers
eh i mean task manager said my 8120 was a 4 core 8 thread cpu which I found hilarious. but they probably just did that so applications would think that and focus the load on cores 0 2 4 and 6
crossfiremy sides
1 because I don't give a fuck about gaymen with overpriced poster boy graphics cards
0.AMD has better drivers and there will be no reason to buy a 980Ti in a month or two unless you're retarded enough to look at old benchmarks instead of ones that compare new drivers.Just look at any AMD card on that benchmark and compare it to the Nvidia card it was release to compete with
DX12 Benchmarks when?
the moment a million AMD fanboys and shills died.the silence was deafening.
This so much.290x released to compete with GTX 780same performance but a little cheaper290 non-x is now faster
both 390 and 390x
It is "4 core", fx processors have " cores", they basically using hw hyperthreading.
What the fuck are you on about? Zen has smt and there will be 8 core cpu's.
AMD has to make special drivers to compensate for the objectively shitty performance of their objectively shitty video cardsbutthurt filthy AMDumbass peasants defend this because they're retarded and because they think it's okayWhat a surprise.
ATI only beat Nvidia on DX9 renderpath in the FX era because ATI employed non competitive business practices and set the D3D9 specs - killing half precision support in the process which forced FX cards to render at full precision - something they were not built to do.  ATI were able to do this because the original Xbox deal fallout between Nvidia and MS who tried to lump Nvidia with the entirety of the Dolby license cost after the deal had been negotiated. NVIDIA came back strong with both support for Half Precision Shaders and Shader Model 3 in DX9 which is why we have DX9A, B and C and proceeded to kick ATI ass for two generations to follow, eventually making them so poor that AMD had to save them from the bankruptcy which they are only barely staving off now.
Lol hotfix
Not reallyThe 9800 fucked the FX 5800 at the Nvidia demosThat's the ultimate level of cuckery, beating the flagship at their own custom made programsHow was it called? The fairy demo that you could see her nipples through a few mods, I can't remember
4/6
Nvidia has to make special drivers to compensate for the objectively shitty performance of their objectively shitty video cardsbutthurt filthy Nvidumbass peasants defend this because they're retarded and because they think it's okayAMD ran just fine the newest games without new drivers, Nvidia needs launch day drivers every time a AAA game is releasedFuck, I want /v/ to leave
nvidia needs to work with the game devs and implement gameworks for their cards to workamd doesn't work with game devs and their cards still workamd wins again
The Fury X has some strange issues with certain games.Look at the 1440p game benchmarks at the bottom here:CorsaCOD: Advanced WarfareDragon Age: InquisitionRisen 3Watch DogsThose games show strange results compared to all the other games.
Look, if you're not smart enough to understand how shaders work or too lazy to do some research, go play with the other idiots.  Of course the 9700 and 9800 beat FX cards running any EARLY d3d9 stuff, even the Nvidia demos - the ATI hardware could process almost 2x the shadercode in the same time.  If ATI weren't forcing full precision it would've been a much closer race.  The FX series smashed the 9700 and 9800 in dx8.1 benchmarks - there's a reason for that.
Yeah, it totally smashed the 9700, even in DX8 games!Fucking fanboys m8
morons are still arguing about old video cards
can't wait to compile some packages.
The drones are incapable of being disappointed. They will keep making more and more excuses for the performance to stay in their delusions.This thread is an extremely good example of it.
The filthy AMDumbass peasants are almost always butthurt because Intel and Nvidia hardware are objectively superior.
I haven't seen yet, has the Fury X come with free games?
Let's see how many of these excuses are valid.Here we have the "wrong drivers" excuse. The majority of reviews used the latest drivers provided by AMD. And no, AMD didn't make a mistake in providing the latest drivers. See Here's the "it'll get better with drivers" excuse. With nvidia forgoing proper updates for Kepler, the drones can now cite a single case and claim that it's always going to happen. Did 6950 get even more ahead of 560 Ti with driver updates? ahead at release, 7% ahead 2 years later. Not quite. The other funny thing about this excuse is that they claim it's going to happen within a few months. Take a look at 290X's and 780's performance in . The difference is 12.5%. Here's a chart from 970's release, so about a year later.difference is 11%. In a year, despite the new games in the benchmark suite, 290X didn't become any better performing than the 780. So why do you think it'll happen in 1-2 months? It'll happen if nvidia decides to ditch Maxwell, and that's not any time soon.There's a lot of this shit as well. "Fury X performs worse in these games so there's something wrong". In the case of Assetto Corsa, for example, you can see that 390X is behind 970 as well. This simply means the game's badly optimized for AMD. This isn't unusual. There's this strange mentality here that a game is well optimized if it runs AMD but not so well on nvidia, and it's badly optimized if the opposite holds true. And it's not too difficult to find "strange behavior" for any card. There are dozens of sites doing benchmarks, and finding a single one with strange data isn't hard. See: Logan.
probably fucking Dirt Rally 8 or whatever garbage
The FuryX is on par with the 980ti, why should anyone be disappointed?
I just love how none of the butthurt filthy AMDumbass peasants are going to argue with you because you put them in their place because everything you said is objectively right. Not even these butthurt filthy AMDumbass peasants are going to argue with you. Perhaps someone will be stupid enough to argue with you.

Shut the fuck up retard.
amd is shit as expected
hahahaha this fucking shillget ready to lose your job lol
Id argue with you but the truth be told they are both shit. The only thing interesting in this price slot was if the fury x lived up to its hype.
Oh look this thread.AMD fugbois going full damage control, and doing mental gymnastics around how AMD is clearly a company with alot of problemsNvidia fugbois celebrating like retards because the card from their team is a couple percent faster, when really only an idiot would buy one of these cards so close to HBM2 and a die shrink
1 being not disappoint at all, and 10 being AMD SUICIDE WATCH HALEL CONVERT NOW OR BE BURNED DOWN IN A HOUSEFIRE.I'd say a 5 or 6. I wanted it to be good on launch. It'll get better with incremental driver updates and will probably easily outperform the 980Ti in 6 months, as well as the launch of DX12.Though AMD needed the launch to be supreme-cash. And it wasn't.
AMD should change their slogan to Waiting Evolve.
I remember this kid from a thread yesterday. Fuck off to /v/. You don't contribute anything. Noone cares if your upset you bought a 970.
implying the FuryX will ever have 980TI performance at any time in its lifetime
rationalize this.
I'd give it a 7.I'm not going to bias the fury X based on future performance improvements, mainly because that's meaningless speculation. When you buy a card, you buy for today, not for a year down the road, when better cards are out.It would have been a 2 or 3 if the fury X had been $100-$150 cheaper. It makes a big difference, and is perhaps the only variable I'm rating it on. Power usage is acceptable, performance is decent, the price is wrong. Extremely wrong.

tfw the long stay at 28nm actually screwed up everyone, both AMD and Nvidia

3.5Taking into consideration what happened with 290X vs 780, and the raw power Fury has on paper, it's hard to find a reason Fury won't get a shit ton better, aside from the 4Gb meme, which should only affect 4k+Couple that with the Arkham Knight debacle, and I see a grim future for gameworks. Hopefully, that will also mean an end to Nvidia shills' tesselation shenanigans, as well. DX12 will help everyone improve, and GCN+ DX12 is supposedly incredible.Here's an article explaining a bit about what I mean with gameworks and tesselation shenaniganswill be the next hype item, and if it's priced right, and the certified shitwrecker works his magic, I see a much closer competition with Intel, as well. Though perhaps not an outright defeat of Intel, just yet
All that being said, AMD really did need this launch to go better than it did, but I believe enough people bought it already that future performance on Fury will remain a talking point, and driver optimization will almost certainly be a priority. It's anyone's game, at this point.
all of the butthurt filthy AMDumbass peasants can't argue with this intelligent patrician because everything he said is objectively right Stay butthurt, you filthy AMDumbass peasants.
Pretty disappointed. Bought intel last year and nvidia when thr fury was a let down.
Did 6950 get even more ahead of 560 Ti with driver updates?6950 was still based on the VLIW arch, which already had a lot of performance squeezed out of it.From 7950 and later, they switched to GCN, which uses RISC cores not unlike the Geforce cards do. They basically had to write drivers from scratch to a completely different card - meaning they have plenty of headroom for optimization.
Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself if you want more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. to get into private trackers and survive: Interview Notes: if you are a redditor, take the reddit private tracker's interview instead.Use /g/ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ thread.Remember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hope
Quickest way to get elite on what.cd? I've been thinking about producing and uploading some bullshit multi-GB drone album and uploading it. Maybe make it like 2 days long or something Bull of Heaven-esque.
Upload new shit until you get there
brilliant.do that.
Just put in the time and effort ffs, What should seriously close down their invite forum to prevent people like you from gaming the system
What should seriously close down their invite forum to prevent people like you from gaming the systemThis. So much this.
Anybody have details on Empornium opening again? I know a buddy now with a long-term account so I'm set if they switch to an invite system. Kicking myself for not joining sooner.
Nobody knows shit, dude. It's just porn, anyway.
Is oppaiti.me only available via invite forums on trackers? To be honest, my uploads have died over the years to the point where I am no longer a PU anywhere. I can verify my reputation on trackers though, and I do have an interest in uploading JAVs and archive exhentai uploads.delock@cock.li
Oppaitime isn't even open yet.
There's an invite thread in the sextreme perv forum on emp
SentIs there really? How?
What do you mean how? How to become sextreme perv? Upload 50 porns and 1TB IIRC
No I mean how is there an invite thread on emp when there are only two OT users with invites and neither of them are sextreme pervs on emp
Status on ToTV?These niggers are going on months of false hope now.  Bit on the swing right now not to just shove them off as another meme tracker cucked yet again by the goat three.
tfw you are responsible for Oppatime removing everyone's invites by pretending to be a curry monkey and claiming I was going to invite my 50 cousins
Keep telling yourself that Anon
everyone in /ptg/ gets a 0day oppaitime invite, right?
Everyone in /ptg/ get's a negative-whatever-day OT invite. You just ask and post your email
The problem with niche trackers is that they must provide something which, for whatever reason, cannot be uploaded on the big three, or must have a particular community jpopsuki.Like, I am hype for oppaiti.me because of JAVs, since empornium simply does not have a community for those, and Sinderella is a thing of the past.
buttblasted oppatime admin detected. You said it yourself that that's the reason the invites were pulled.
oppaitime was supposed to be exclusively for big titty hentai, then hentai only. Now it allows comics, JAV, and games.That's not very niche and it's the reason why it will die a death like memetracker. Oppaitime just needs to declare that it is exclusively for hentai and people will be lining up to get in. Not JAV, not games and not comics. Also no gay shit.
oppaitime was supposed to be exclusively for big titty hentaiThat is false. OT is and always has been for hentai, JAV, and h-games
But there is no tracker that has much JAV, and I am willing to upload and maintain everything I got so that one may be created.
Also no gay shitYeah, I am sure that will never be violated.
Also no gay shitI don't think so Anon
purest.form.of.love
that is falseExcept it's not. I remember the very first post made about oppaitime and you can search for it in the archives. It stated that it was for hentai featuring big titties hence the name.
you can search for it in the archivesNo, you can.
It stated that it was for hentai featuring big tittieslearn how to identify a playful joke mate
Why would you even join a tracker like that?
Daily reminder that qBittorrent is a piece of shit on private trackers and will ruin your chances of getting a good ratio. 
could get s-tier
It would be completely useless if that's all it was for and no one would use it. Oppaitime has a chance to succeed because sad panda is having to delete wani content so there's no place to upload it, well except nhentai and the content there could vanish at a moments notice if wani starts sending them DMCA's. sukubei.nyaa is really the only safe place and most shit there has no seeders after a few months so oppaitime is the best bet.
Nobody cares about Oppaitime except losers that have never been able to join a private tracker.
Can I have an oppaiti.me invite? Thankssebastiang@airmail.cc
So how safe is IPTorrents? It's seems okay apart from the soviet nazi mods, but I don't really want the AFP kicking down my door for downloading a honey pot.
staff read these generals and have posted here before. FTFYStaff post these generals.
So how safe is IPTorrents?Not safe at all. They were the first to get DMCA letters and then they tried to leak peers from BTN and PTP to make them look like they are insecure as well.
welp, fuck them then.What's a good "everything" tracker like IPT? I don't mind if I have to pay for an invite or w/e.
There's no good "everything" tracker. You have to join multiple trackers for the full experience and paying for invites will cost you hundreds of dollars as well as have a high likelihood of your account being banned when the seller gets found out. Private trackers are always free. You just have to join and use them properly.
Oh by buying I meant if the tracker has a buy-in registration system instead of needing to get an invite. I would never buy off a random user.Well, if I'm just interested in music, movies, software and games, what would be the best combo? I'm guessing What.cd for music is mutracker still a thing?, not sure about anything else.
What.cd, PTP, SCC, GGn.
Damn I used to have a Gazelle account back when it was first starting up, it's probably deleted now though.Cheers mate.
one 1 post about a user having trouble"it's shit guys"Idiot.
RIP HDA
HDA was shit anyway
Question, is ripping songs from a high quality streaming service okay? Would anyone be able to notice a difference in quality?
is ripping songs from a high quality streaming service okay?lol no retard
I didn't think so, but would anyone on a public tracker even care?
They don't give a shit, no. You can upload anything you want there.
Still, would anyone be able to notice?I doubt there is much of an audible difference.
Seems KG is back up. .in domainI liked it tbh
Please.
spectral analysis, but I doubt that anyone on public trackers would go through all this to verify the quality of the upload. It's public and you are free to upload any shit you want.
.inHere comes the curry spammer
Can someone from oppaitime and empornium send user Gottwald pm so I can give my email address. In picture my WCD stats. Different nick which I don't necessarily want to post publicly.
tfw
bump ;__;
anyone else noticing their seeding count not working on GGn?
What you mean next to the upload stats? Mines working fine.
my client says I'm seeding 13 uploads, but on the site, it's saying I'm only seeding one and the rest I've properly snatched say 0
underrated post
samefagging day-old posts
bandcrap whore genocide best day of my life
samefaggingthe post isn't from me u kunt
I'm sure it's not ;^Seriously though, redditer, no one rates posts here. That's not how it works.There's no point in dredging up your old posts for more recognition.
of private trackers are OPEN FOR REGISTRATION, LImited time only, be quickpic unrelated
I thought oppaitime was for rori.Have I been swindled?
anyone want a wigornot invite
A sizable percentage of the upped torrents are loli.That's not the focus, though.
Rori's a cunt, m8
it's just another way of saying "this"are you really this autistic?
still going on with thisGo away.
buttblasted
Sent.I sleep sometimes. Sorry.
wdma trackers
Mate I do not care enough to get on emp and message you. Make a throwaway email and post it here and I'll invite you
What are good albums to seed on what.cd besides the freeleech?
Neutral Milk Hotel ITAOTS all formats
gottwald93@suomi24.fiI hope suomi24.fi works.Much appreciated.
Thanks, yeah, looks like it has a nice ratio of seeders/snatches/leechers
Just download all the /mu/core stuff.
1. go to choose transcoding all 3. search for 20154. download, transcode and uploadratio fer dayz
is it oppaitime for me pls?monolith12.rocksolid@gmail.com
What's that?Thanks.  2015 because of the autodl scripts?  Will they still autodownload even if the flac had already been up?
/mu/'s essentials.
sent ;
Yeah, seedboxes will snatch the V0 as long as they are from 2015. You will probably not get much more mbs uploaded than the album, after the seedboxes snatch it they just upload it to each other. 15 downloads will not guarantee 50mb x 15, more like 50mb x 3. It's a great way to get uploads and upload though.
thanks cutie
want weeb shit album and can't find it anywherethat's right g has a /ptg/ threadwhat.cd might have itread through the invitation shit and rulesNot worth the effort, pretty fucking stupid.
For weeb shit I'd suggest jpopsuki. It has larger collection than what.cd and it's quite easy to get in to.
what's album is it you turd curd
Ah, cool list, saved, thanks.Thanks. Yeah uploaded some stuff before and amazing how little you get even for an upload.  It's a process.  That's why been trying to get records that get grabbed fairly often that way over time can get some upload.  That /mu/core type stuff probably is a good start.
This.  Go to niche trackers if that's all you want.
I want Teddyloid discography.
There's what's on Jpopsuki.
Yeah that's basically all of it, apparently registration for jpopsuki is closed
What.CD has more and lossless plus corresponding MP3 formats, maybe better off to just take the interview. It's a good resource to have anyways.
Well there's what for comparison.
How often does What implement suggested ideas from the forum?
once every 4 years
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
I do that sometimes, but with public trackers unless something is pretty popular, it will die since no one seeds for long since no incentive.So while on one hand I agree with this pasta, the old documentary I just watched tonight or esoteric album I listened too just can't live on public trackers very long.
tfw I just got into jpopsukiSo far looks good, I found a couple of jazz albums that I couldn't find before.Also, the whole ratio thing is just to keep your ratio above the minimum required according to your downloaded data, right?
No
Is it worth getting to elite on WCD and PTP if I'm already on BTN?
No
mfw reported torrent not checked by staff for almost half a year
Anyone have any info on how to get into Deep Bass 9? It's pretty niche and never seems to be open for registration.
You can only get to it from another tracker.
using a shitty asian tracker
bump
Torrentleech has opened registration for a bit, code SUMMER2015
Torrentleech is a pleb tracker, but its safer than using TPB or KAT.
Post more burry pink girl
What's your biggest quality surprise niche tracker?I've been really enjoying ScienceHD.  Easy to get into and great documentaries.  Also the freeleech is good shit, it's basically staff picks I think.
Why is it so hard to make an extension that just limits bandwidth to a specified value?
Because you touch yourself at night
Really? It doesn't seem related at all.
Yo /g/. I am not from this board but I thought you guys could help me out. I am looking for a printer. It needs to be a good one. So which printer is the best for around 150 bucks?pic not related.
Bumpin'.
I got this brother laser printer it was the top result on amaZon, it's pretty good, black and white only no color tho. Also has AirPrint for dat wireless iOS printing.

Thanks bro.
Second this I've got a brother printer and its never had any problems. I can print from my S4 as well which is nice
, 
I know this isn't a tech support but I can't find proper information about thatMy older brother has a Mac Pro broken, one of the motherboards is faulty and can't afford a new mobo About ~1200€ in worst case or a used Mac Pro 5.1 model I think, the one with Nehalems cores, expensive as fuck or a repair center About 1600€His Mac was running a RAID0 with two WD Black 2TB HDD in HFS+ format and need his data back but it's fucking impossibleI'm running Arch Linux on my machine and I can mount two HDD in HFS+ format OS HDD and boot reapir HDD when RAID0 fails without problems and I can list everythingThe problem is here, I can't mount one disk from RAID alone. It's impossible. The same error happens, everytime I want mount one "Invalid filesystem".  Using Windows 7 with MacDrive Pro can't repair the RAID Some sectors are faulty in one drive, other is goodI think they mount RAID on software and not hardware, so i need a software RAID controller? I can make an image of both HDDs? I have some ideas to do but it's the first time i do this kind of things and I'm a little lostHelp me /g/, please
OP here. I'm using right now Arch and i can see all partitions in both disks. One named "Boot Apple" other "RAID Apple" and other called "EFI System"I think if I delete Boot Apple and EFI System making a new partition for both disks, should I can access to the data inside?I'm thinking also to reassign a FAT to both drives in the first partition First partition is "EFI System" Second is "RAID Apple" and third is "Boot Apple"
Well, I think i found it. Do the command mdadm delete drives?If not, i think making mdadm --assembly /dev/sdb2 /dev/sdd2 con mount an existing RAIDIf this works, what kind of volume make Arch? And where is located?Sorry about the blog and shit, but this information is delicate
dude dont delete any of the partitions thats going to make your life even more of a hellish night mare
, 
I work for the largest mobile carrier and ISP in my country, and one of the perks is staff bundles data+phone+calls on the fucking cheap.The following phones are the only ones I can choose and have considered, but I can't make a decision:iPhone6/6+HTC OneM8/OneM9Samsung 6/EdgeSamsung Note4/EdgeLumia960/640LG G4XperiaZ3/Z3CompactiOS feels claustrophobic to me. And I don't mean in the sense that its closed and no freedumb. The UI literally feels flat and thick. And the backwards navigation in the top left is stupid.The HTC's seem pretty nice. The demo unit for the M9 is broke atm though, and I haven't tried it out.The 'back of the phone' buttons on the LG is weird and I don't like it much. UI sounds , whenever you activate a button makes a noise like clicking fingers, which is charming. A dumb reason to like a phone, but all the same.If the S6 had a micro sd slot, I wouldn't have even made a thread. Its a bretty big deal breaker for myself. Edge is a silly gimmick.The windows phones feel nice to hold. They are weighty and large, which feels better to hold. The built in charging for the 960 is a cool. I don't really care how much longer it takes to charge than from a cord. Just popping my phone down on a little pedestal to charge it without the fiddling would feel fucking fancy. Windows Mobile however is kinda iffy. The phones are stupid to setup for customers due to the need for internet access to set it up before the mobile network works. Won't bother me, but the fairly large lack of app support, and the Microsoft apps being quite clunky as they are. If the 960 had an SD slot it would be awesome. 20MP camera is cool too.The Xperia phones have everything I want. But I feel weird about it. I already own a Z2 Tablet. It would be nice to have a matching phone. But I'd probably leave the tablet at home once I have a new phone. I'd prefer a new experience.Shill your choice and convince me! They are the only ones I can choose, no BYO staff plans.
It really depends on what you're looking for. And from what you said it would seem the best choice is the s6 due to it being iPhone-like with an objectively better ui. I have 64gb on my phone with no SD card and I have never came close. I have 600+ songs and I always download films and TV shows and delete as I Finnish watching them. I have yet to miss the sd card
Only one problem with that...I'm a collector.
This guy just found a way to bypass adblockers on your site. Just add some random capitalization to the domain that hosts the ad. It's still going to work normally, and it won't be blocked by uBlock:
Then just make adblockers case-insensitive to URL.
Remember when /g/ used to shill uBlock nonstop?
relying on a single addonublock + noscript + requestpolicy
blocking adsstealing income from peoplewhy do you people do this?
here's your reply.
Why isn't it already case-insensitive anyway?To make you mad.
umatrix does all of this.
Adblock developers are very anxious about performance and case insensitive regexes are magnitudes slower.
Because most modern ads are intrusive and grind some computers to a halt.
That's this workaround is great. It's the end of the adblocking era. I've already implemented this on my blog. ;
Since ublock only have to check a bunch of URL performance wouldn't be much of a problem i think?If a site requests 50 connections ublock only has to lowercase 50 strings and it doesn't take much
convert all urls to lowercase before throwing them through the regexproblem solved
Exactery.But there was simply no reason do it before now.
convert url to lowercase firstmake it a configurable optionwow that was hard to fixIt'll add some overhead but it shouldn't be too noticeable.
I doubt it will be noticeable at all. String functions are extremely fast and you will be doing comparatively few conversions.If I knew the code structure I would make the patch myself.
Shouldn't this be doing that already?
I understand having 3-4 ads like 4chan does, in fact i disabled adblock on the site, but not like fucking YouTube that has ads everywhere on the page,  before the video and in the video. That's why I installed adblock
Why the fuck doesn't case insensive regex just compile to 'turn input to lowercase and run lowercase regex' then?
They're slower, but they are also incorrect.
Because if the source were case sensitive then you could get false results like that.In this case that isn't an issue as URLs are case insensitive.
Is it worth getting?
/g/sqt
iPhone 6 is the only phone worth buying.
Lol, nope.Tell me, can you download a file? like a picture? And can you upload it to a website? like 4chan?Nahhh, you can't, can you.
Ofc you can wtf are u saying?
No file managerNo customizationNo USB functionality OTG or audioHave to sync instead of copying filesNo thanks
It's a good phone for the price.
Bought a 2015 macbook air 13" for $800 strictly for school, Engineering Specifically-Fast as fuck for everything except gaymen-SSD-Holds value-Socially accepted to use in Public-Have both windows and OSX installed, windows is on a virtual machine and runs perfectly together using both at the same time-Equivalent PC in price range has same specsWhy not /g/ ?
-Fast as fuck for everything except gaymen-SSDAnything with a dual core Pentium and a SSD would be equally fast-Holds valueAre you yuropoor?-Socially accepted to use in Public fast.Hidding your insecurities on a laptop wont last forever, remember that.-Have both windows and OSX installed, windows is on a virtual machine and runs perfectly together using both at the same timeWhy not bootcamp? VM Performance is atrocious.-Equivalent PC in price range has same specsAsus Zenbook cost less and have double ram.
Why not /g/ ?everyone with half a brain has already left for OSX. windows laptops are total shit compared to Mac hardware.
Becuase this exists. You wont find it on the Dell website so its goign to be found on ebay like all the other decent computers.
Yes. Because buying a laptop in 2015 that has a 2yr+ old CPU for double the price of a modern laptop that performs 12x better is a smart decision.
Anything with a dual core Pentium and a SSD would be equally fastapple has the best SSDs in the gameAsus Zenbook cost less and have double ram.Zenbook is a shitty chink plastic rip off of the air
You're embarassing yourself
tfw business studentVAIO Pro 13 + Surface Pro 310/10Why did you get a Macbook Air.. The screen is stuck in 2010, and you get no processing power..
Everyone with half a brain has already lef for OSX I actually believe that the people with half a brain ruined hOmoSeX, also the autists ruined the iPad.
"Socially accepted to use in Public"Who gives a fuck what other people think of your laptop? Most people don't give a fuck what laptop other people use.
It isn't my fault I don't spend 1,000 dollars on a peice of Alluminarty.
Asus Zenbook cost less and have double ram.Don't forget more than one port.
youre thinking of the wrong computer wincuck the air has plenty of ports
Wrong laptop
Zenbook is a shitty chink plastic rip off of the airDon't forget that whack ass processor
Does it have a HDMI port? tfw need to buy a 50.00 dollared adapter.
 bought a macbookhmmm pretty nic.. airVOMIT.JPEG Have both windows and OS X installed good. Windows in on a virtual machineTOP KEKyou dun goofed OP, if anyone on this board comes to buy a MacBook, it's a retina one. You just got a disgusting ultrabook with a shitty display. 2015 Using a TN panel Not even full HD
except it HAS a full size hdmi on the left side?
apple has the best SSDs in the gameI give you that, they finally surpased my old 2012 Acer V5 SSD speed and performance just now.
Can you define TN panel for a newba/g/?
apple has the best SSDs in the gameProbably made by Samsung like everything else in Apple products.
You also get a decent keyboard. Something that not a lot of comptuers have now a days.
shitty view angles, crappy colors etc
Whoops, forgot image.
Macbook airs scissor switches are better though
Socially accepted to use in Publickill yourself, weak minded faggot
I miss being 14 :
The Mac keyboard layout is simpler, and does literally everything a full size keyboard does, you just need to learn some handy shortcuts.
doubt it
Replace your shit tier Macbook iPad Air for a new updated 12-inch Macbook. It feels like shit on your hands but it look good so goyim shall buy!
going to college in the fall, my school has a good deal on the xps 13. anyone have experience using that for classes?
VM Performance is atrocious lmao
OP Here I run ParallelsName of app with an ultralight version of windows 7. It works flawlessly, I'm amazed how fast it is. I run solidworks in windows very smoothly while using osx for web and music.
The text rendering on this TN Panel is better than an IPS monitor, 1440x900 surprisingly doesn't bother me when I have two 1080p ips screens on my PC
How thick is the keys though? Does it have a clicky feel like a mechanical keyboard or does it have a tablet attachment feels. Macbook Air Keyboards GoodConsider the Thinkpad in photot
Thinkpads are never, ever going to catch on.The sooner you tards realize that the better.
Yeah because you need to split the ram between 2 os at the same time.Ultralight version of windows 7It can run faster you moron, you're splitting your ram in 2 and the cpu/IO performance doesn't match the one as if it were running natively.
-Fask as fuckJust.. no. -SSD Yup, fair. Like every other ultrabook though. -Holds valueThis one is also legit.-Socially accepted to use in publicWhat did your past laptops look like? Any modern ultrabook looks fine in public. -Have both windows and OS X installedIf you need OS X sure, I guess.-Equivalent PC in price range has same specs. You're dreaming. Maybe the same ghz rating on the processor, but you're getting a much more modern architecture, and on to my next critisism..That macbook air has a shite  1080p TN panel straight out of 2005. It's a sad excuse for a screen, especially from Apple that toutes nice screens on literally every other device they sell that has a screen. Dell XPS 13, HP Folio, Asus Zenbook etc. are all a way better buy IMO assuming you don't NEED OS X. If you do.. well tough luck.. but I would have sprung for the Macbook retina. It's barely thicker, a bit more expensive, but is an all-round better laptop.
it definitely clicks and makes a clicky sound. not sure about the new 12 inch macbook though.
TFW Running Bootcamp on 4GB Macbook Non-Retina 2011Not a problem running Win 7 on it. I just partitioned 60/40 for Windows cause OS X looks like shit on non-retina without 1200x800 Resolution
air2013I saw a 2014 rMBP for 1200€, you chose the wrong laptop.
Newer comptuers are absolute shit. You're better off buying a computer that is less than 800 USD Used ThinkPad or Latitude. tfw this computers quality is worth 1,000 dollars today.
nevermind. 
As a "cool" consumer notebook?  Probably.But tons of businesses use Thinkpads.  Every time we have outside businesses come into the place I work, they almost always bring Thinkpads.
Ill say it as many times as it takes to tell you all, apple only designs their shit.Absolutely nothing by them is built by them, almost every part inside is samsung, or intel.All of your phones are even assembled in the same factory, or atleast used to
rMBP & Elitebooks  your deprecated meme garbage
Why do appleshills use hurrdurr resalevalue as an argument in favor of macbooks, but then proceeds to call everyone else a poorfag for not owning a macbook?
I feels bad for those who have never saw the golden age of computers. Dem keyboards were so comfortable and thick and also it had a good feel to it. Unlike the decent computers costing 9000 USDeez nuts.
Just.. no.just yesYup, fair. Like every other ultrabook though. Apple puts the best SSDs in their laptops, nothing compares Dell XPS 13, HP Folio, Asus Zenbook shitty chink rip offs
Apple Computers usually cost around 1,000 dollars. The people over there are too autistic to lower the price to weeb level. Oh well, you buy pretty decent computers for 420 dollars.
Socially accepted to use in PublicLmao herd mentality much?
The only reason apple computers are so expensive in the modern day is... 1. Autism 2. Jews3. SSD Drives. But le goyim buys for le l00ks
every time i come to /g/ some retard spouts shit about how thinkpads are goodwe get it, it translates well your non-conformity, your unpleasant looks and lack of style.give it a fucking rest. nobody but 50-yo office workers think that shit is attractive, and then again they only do because someone once told them they're good.grow the fuck up. there are many better notebooks than thinkpads.
youre embarrassing  I own one because Im a graphic designer, but there are plenty of reasons to own a mac in all honesty I think the thinkpad carbon x1 looks nicertip for next time - if you want to convince people youre not a summerfag, try to keep it to one meme per post maximum
Theres nothing wrong with having a formal looking computer that has a very thick computer.
I own one because Im a graphic designer
It is all a matter of taste. I personally like the style, and X series is best at covering all my needs with no exception.
This guy, he get's it
Apple userUtilizing your computerPick One.
This plebIt's called fucking bootcamp you stupid fucking Linuxloser/Windowanker
So, break it to me, /g/.I, essentially, want a macbook pro. But I hate apple, so I don't want a macbook.What is the best knockoff or a laptop of a similar class?I need: 16GB RAM, 13-15 screen, latest generation intel i7 CPU, 256-512 GB SSD, aluminum body, long battery life.Immediately disqualified: discrete GPU, optical drives.
Razer motherfuckeror go Clunky if you have an Alienware fetishHell my fucking opthalmogist uses Alienware, I cringed at the sight of that rainbow Dell 17, but god damn does Dell make GOAT screens and monitors. Honestly, if your a Graphics designer just get a top-notch monitor instead of trying to buy it cause of the label like this abomination 
Gay mink laptops immediately go to trash because discrete GPU.
No, no, I'm a c# dev.I want it to have powerful cpu, plenty of ram, ssd, and be-very-pretty.
basically youre a faggot who wont buy a good product because youre too immature to get over the brand
get a macbook and tell yourself it's not a macbook.
let me tell you what you should use for your profession and why you bought the computer that you useshut the fuck up you insufferable cunt
Well, yeah, they offended me a lot in the past, buying from them would be stepping on my pride.
It's what I don't want to do.
bought a macbook pro 2015 todayinstall ubuntuubuntu has shit touchpad drivers no right click or two finger scrollFn key doesn't even work
There's always.....PLAN B
i love my mac and fags hate on me because they are poor hahahah
Anything else?
thinkpads are well-built and nice, there's gotta be a model that will fit your req'sthe bodies aren't fully aluminum but they're still built well
Why does everyone hate the X1 Carbon? I've seen it get good reviews everywhere, and if you get one off ebay, it's a pretty good price. I don't get why /g/ hates it so much, other than it's not "muh traditional thinkpad" and the fact that it doesn't have a perfect keyboard.
What Ssd s you got anon? I got a couple of Intel x-25v a couple of years ago on raid 0 and I'm getting around 650mbps. What are yours?
4GB / 8GB DDR3L-12800 1600 MHzNot a lot of RAM, I see.
You had to install windows because you are incompetent. You should have just bought a Android tablet, you're that stupid.
good luck running solidworks on a piece of shit iGPU
Best buy currently has rMBPs for $1049 with student discount, you fucked up.
Imblying superior software and a walled garden won't force your users to love you.stfu.  Processor speed hasn't mattered to the end consumer except gaymers since 2007.
planning to buy the 2011-2012 macbook air 13" with i5, 4GB and 128GB SSDdoes this thing still fly and keep decent battery life under yosemite/el capitain?
Exactly. People judge you based on your appearance and how you act how nice you are, etc.
As someone who doesn't like MacBooks, the performance of Windows 8 with VMWare Fusion is incredibly impressive.
Never going to catch on with the average consumer? AbsolutelyNever going to catch on with businesses? Fuck off.
nobody but 50-yo office workers think that shit is attractiveWhen did people who shill ThinkPads mainly talk about how great they look?
EngineeringMacyou fucked up hardcore dumbass.
The Macbook air's keyboard is only better than the Macbook's, which is the worst keyboard ever made IMO.It's not about the layout, that's fine. The switches themselves are horribad.
Why didn't they just put two USB ports on it?
Motherboard size, thinness, less room for layered battery. I'm not saying these are good excuses.
Razer blade isn't available in EU
Only kids see "non-conformity" as something bad.Only kids buy technology based on "style".Only kids put more value in marketing and peer pressure than actual reasoning why something is good from people who know what they're on about.So no, *you* grow the fuck up, kid.
Is the Lenovo T450s a good laptop to buy? I haven't looked for a new laptop in ages.
Wtf gtfo of /g/
Been thinking about this a while and think I'm siding with the macbook side of things MacBook Pro of course, I'm not an idiot going for an out of date air or anything. But having got one for a weeks trial, it is very slick, fully integrated with hardware and software combined. Sure the CPU is a bit older, but that doesn't matter when the best is being extracted from it with the software working in tune with it. My windows PCs are 5 year old CPUs and I still have no reason to try and overclock it. So CPU speed isn't a thing that being held back.
socially accepted a laptopThe fuck. How judgemental are you Burgerclaps?
1 Buy MacBook 2 Post thread on /g/ about MacBook3 GOTO 2
they are the most vacuous people on the planet. Go figure.
if someone is using a laptop near you and it's not a macbook you can tell that they're poor
my main concerns with mac actually are only 3 at the moment:- apple don't give a fuck about security holes and rarely patch them- 1 usb port only... seriously?- mac upgrades are exponentially more hardware demanding,since you can't updade anything, if you buy a machine today you need to pump up every spec just to be sure your mac will be of some use after a couple of os x upgrades
saw some old dude the parklooked pretty smart, richpulls out some disgusting windows laptopLmao at him being that old and still being too poor to buy a glorious Apple pcPic related, looks just like him
-Socially accepted to use in PublicChrist. I prefer Macs because they're pretty among many other reasons but what a fucking dumb, weird thing to say
Dell Latitude e6430sWhat's so special about it? Looks barely better than any other shit tier plastic affair to me.If we're talking eBay he should simply get the latest Macbook he can afford off of eBay.
One minute you're talking about getting a laptop off eBay, then suddenly when we're talking about an HDMI adapter, it HAS to be brand new and HAS to come from apple. 
Almost bought the Air a year ago when I stumbled on a superior machine, Vaio Pro 11Because it has lots of better features, namely Far better screen, 1080p IPSNFC port so I can just tap to transfer tabs from Clover and Chrome from phone15 hours battery lifeMade of carbon fiber so it doesn't fucking bend or scratchAnd best of all, all models of this has a proper SD card, where it slots in all the way through so I can carry it anywhere inside bags without worry. Meanwhile MBs port still has the card jut out half way through. What the fuck ?
Only kids buy technology based on "style".Technology purchases should be looked at holistically, and looks are all part of the package. If a laptop looks good, its likely to function well too, and this doesn't just apply to MacBooks.Good laptops are likely to be well made, so will look quality. They're likely to have a nice looking, big, smooth trackpad, a smaller bezel, a nice keyboard with no pointless extra shit like a numpad etc
Just lol
saw some old dude the parklooked pretty deadpulls out some disgusting iPhonePic related, looks just like him
because /g/ is too poor for a macfox and the grapes really
do it OP. MBA is super comfy
hey /g/ is reddit.com/r/TronScript safe?getting a bit paranoid my pc might have a virus, if not can anyone recommend something else? malwarebytes didn't pick anything up
Pretty sure tron is riddled with malware and shit
Is this normal? I have android 4.4.2My battery is draining very fast after update.
Updated an Android Phone... UpdatedTOPKEK
Why does it still say it's Yosemite?This is a fresh install of 10.11 El Capitan Developer Preview Beta 1, then updated to Dev Preview Beta 2, it was not updated from Yosemite.Yes, it's in a VM on non-Apple hardware, hence the missing serial no. and model info, etc.Also, I thought this was supposed to be faster than Yosemite? There's no real difference. 10.9 Mavericks outperforms it by a large margin, even in a VM without hardware acceleration.Finally, why can't 10.11 into icons? I can only get Finder to show the files in a directory when it's in list mode. wtf, Apple?
Why does it still say it's Yosemite?lol embarrassing
BETAETA
that's normal. el capitan is basically snow yosemite anyways.
Have they fixed the issues with lag from Yosemite on a Retina Mac?I mean it's embarassing when Windows 10 Pro on my rMBP13 runs much better in a VM than Yosemite does natively.
WhyDeveloper Preview Beta 1VM on non-Apple hardwareVM without hardware accelerationI think you've already answered all your questions.
this. OP is an idiot
Developer Preview Beta 1This was what was freshly installed before updating to Developer Preview Beta 2, the latest available version.I say this to point out the fact that this VM never ran Yosemite. It was *not* a Yosemite installation upgraded to El Capitan.VM on non-Apple hardwareYes, and?VM without hardware accelerationYes, that's because OS X stopped supporting the VirtualBox graphics adapter after Snow Leopard 10.6.2This however, is irrelevant to the fact that even under the same conditions, ie. running in a VM on non-Apple hardware, without hw accel, 10.9 Mavericks outperforms El Capitan Dev Preview Beta 1 & 2.You have literally answered none of my questions.
Run the beta on an Apple device and come back.
Sure.lend me your Mac.
Just install Glorious Mavericks until they get their shit together unless your computer came preinstalled with Lagsemite - in that case you're fuckedAlso am I the only one that finds funny that Apple fanboys defend Lagsemite while calling Android "Lagdroid"?
Why do you care about El Capitsn if you don't even have a Mac?
Also am I the only one that finds funny that Apple fanboys defend Lagsemite while calling Android "Lagdroid"?Probably. Everyone else on Mavericks just keep on not giving a shit
Why do you watch porn even though you're still a virgin?
That makes no sense.
To satisfy a biological desire.Now, how can you compare that to using El Capitan, something that will have zero use for you if you don't own the necessary brand of computer?
This is basically what I'm getting at. I'm neither a macfag nor an Apple hater, but objectively, Yosemite and El Capitan Dev Preview Beta both perform worse than Mavericks.I just don't understand why any company would release software that's objectively worse and call it "progress".
El Capitan will probably work for most people who have Yosemite set up on Hackintoshes.
Probably. I wouldn't qualify a VirtualBox VM as a Hackintosh though.
Now, how can you compare that to using El Capitan, something that will have zero use for you if you don't own the necessary brand of computer?I think the fact that I'm running it without an Apple machine proves that it's not in fact necessary to have one to run it.For the record, I could install it natively on my hardware, I'm just running it in a VM first because it's easier to fuck around with that way... Screw something up? No problem, just roll back to a previous snapshot.
Oh, one other thing... In VirtualBox I don't need to install a bootloader. Not even Clover. I can boot it just like an actual Mac simply by putting the VM in EFI mode and setting some EFI firmware args in the config.
Does /g/ know of a no bullshit/not pc community where they talk about actual technology?
LOL u nerd smh get life ur sumthing
Reddit
bbs.progrider.org/prog/
No every single one has been infected.
IEEE
CCC
mailing lists
This tooalso IRC
What are some good IRC channels?
the one's your not allowed in ahahahahahahtry freenode
Lobste.rs
freenodeI value my privacy.
Steve Klabnik posts there and it is one of the most SJW degenerates I know.
get a bouncer or vpn or something fagtron
paying for privacyfuck off shill
/g/
also reminder that technology knowledge is inversely proportional to weebnessexpect pure retardation on rizon for example
What mailing lists are you subscribed to?
none
complaining about the problem and the solution without offering an alternativeYou can either be miserable, or you can take the solution, or you can make your own. But quit bitchin.
an irc network that hides your ip and hostname by defaultwow, that was hard
Russian invite-only carding/pishing forums is where it's at.
You're already there.
Allright /v/It has recently come to my attention that for the price of a single 34" Ultrawide monitor one could buy two 27" 1080p monitors or three 23" 1080p monitors.Thoughts? It seems like the Ultrawide monitors are a ripoff but a lot of people praise them.
Dunno, itboils down to personal preference I think.I find myself working better with 2 or 3 23" monitors. Gave a try to an ultrawide one but could never get used to it.
Yea I guess multi monitor setups are better for multitasking, but the ultrawide seems like a much better option for gaming.You get a much wider FOV while only decreasing performance by about 33% from standard 1080p. Also no bezels.
I've been thinking of gettting a 29" Ultrawide monitor for CAD workstill waiting for someone to redpill me on the idea
From what I've heard anything below 34" is too small in height and looks weird. The LG 34UM65 is only about $60 more than the 29" models.
but surely the height/width ratio remains?why would it be weird looking?
/v/
Thoughts?Do you have any of your own?Doesn't seem like it.I suggest you buy a brick and use that, its pointless to show you data with a monitor since you can't compute a thought out of yourself.
34'' 3440x1440 = great29'' 2560x1080 = terribleIf you go for the smaller 2560x1080 monitors then you might as well get a 1440p monitor at 27'' with better pixel density and just more pixels. If you have the cash for the 34'' 3440x1440 monitors then sure, but it won't be cheap.
No idea, its just some things other users wrote about the 25" and 29" models.They claimed that the smaller models give a "fish eye" effect.Whether its true or not, i dont know - but i would go wit ha 34" myself anyway. I like big monitors.
autism
Honestly, I kinda like how ultrawide looks.  I dislike how multiple monitors always have that ugly divider between the monitors.
look guys, I don't know what I do, what I use my pc for, what I need or what I want, but I saw this thing and thought: "I should ask others about their thoughts on this because I cannot think"
Should I go for a 2560x1440 144Hz or a 3440x1440 60Hz?
not getting the BDM4065UCIt's as if you didn't know about the quality/price ratio or some'n...
If you use it for work, like CAD programms or other graphical softwares then buy a single big monitor. If you game and you have the money buy the ultra wide.  Dual monitors are used by people on budget.
If you don't understand basic geometry, you should probably leave. Buying a monitor is too hard for you
As the photo might suggest, it's nice if you're doing media production. You can set up a long frame for your timeline without having it broken up across screens and size others freely. without bezels running through it.
If you game and you have the money buy the ultra wide. Dual monitors are used by people on budget.Ultra wides are shit and how are you going to transport them to PAX?
I will always buy Nvidia™ because I only play games The Way It's Mean to be Played™. Nvidia also pioneers innovative new technologies like PhysX™, Gameworks™, and the highest quality driver to ever grace Microsoft Windows.When I boot up with a brand new Nvidia™ Geforce™, I can experience the game just like it's mean to be played. Nvidia™ also delivers a far more silky-smooth experience.Nvidia Geforce™ is also very power efficient. A graphic card is the most power hungry device in your house. Refrigerators, air conditioners, water heaters, dish washers, lights, etc all use significantly less power than a graphic card. Which is why Nvidia™ puts gamers first by ensuring that their gaming experience is of the highest quality while looking out for gamers by giving them the most value in their electrical bill.At this point in time, there's really no reasons to consider an AMD graphic card at all. I tried one one time, it caused so much heat that it exploded. It also consumed so much power that it gave on an EMP and destroyed the rest of my computer.Nvidia™ also pioneered how useless GPGPU is with CUDA™. Years ago, everyone thought GPGPU, CUDA™, and OpenCL were the future. Now, Nvidia has removed those useless features from their GPUs and increased efficiency. Now you can save thousands a year in electricity thanks to Nvidia™ ensuring that useless features like GPGPU are "optimized" for gamers.Nvidia™ is the only real way to play games. We have seen recently that they offer incredible libraries for software developers like Nvidia Gameworks.Don't be a poor gamer with bad drivers and a huge power bill. Play games with the Geforce™ Experience™ and The Way It's Mean To Be Played™
What i said to the other fag:Stop this shitty threads HURRR NVIDIA IS BETTER, NO HUURRR AMD IS BETTER, i understand you are alone and no one gives you attention so you search it to /g/, but find another place, or just get a life faggot
so edgy, i think i cut myself
God gave me the best graphics experience, life. Get one.
lmao this faggot polices /g/ for free
This happens sometimes when I right click stuff on my desktop or the bottom bar, but sometimes it doesn't happen as well. I'm not sure what causes it. I've done every Windows test on it, like Memory Diagnostic, Defragmentation, the one that checks if files are okay, etc. It used to happen all the time, but now it only happens some of the time.
Install Gentoothere is no file explorer until you compile it kek
, 
What does /g/ think of Slackware?
Suckware. FTFY
Great distro. Why does anyone care about what /g/ thinks?
The Bob abides.
It's my daily driver, has been for a year now. I like it. BSD-style sanity, not a lot of bloat, stays out of my way. Also stable as a motherfucker.Also bumping w/ my wallpaper
I've been curious about it for quite a while, might have to install it in a VM and have a play.How's life without automatic dependency resolution? Serious question. Also, where do you get packages for it? Is there a repo?
of a repo
no GTX 960 reviewFury X still nowhere to be seenWhat the hell happened?
Don't they rarely review the lower end models? Also, maybe they plan on waiting for proper drivers?
They always review the bread-and-butter cards.  They only skip the $50 trash cards.
there are 10 kinds of people in this world and some know binary and some dont

Nice pic 010001100110000101100111 011001110110111101110100
More like there are 2 kinds of people in this world, those that know hexadecimal, and those that don't am I right /g/!?
10 is always the number of the base that its being represented in. 10 in binary is 2 which is the base 10 in decimal is 10 which is the base 10 in octal is 8 which is the base
yup, using binary for anything else than bitwise operations is a wanna be  "le nerd :3" thing, hex is objectively the superior number system
hex is best having to remember whether your Indians at big or little Yeah no thanks
Endianness has nothing to do with the numerical base.
being retarded
There are 3 kinds people in this world, those that know how to count and those that don't
Who uses hex outside of computing? How a word is laid out is extremely important when you're doing bit wise operations
There are 10 types of people in the world, those that understand binary, those that don't, and those that were not expecting a joke about base 3
Who uses hex outside of computing?no one, but everyone should.decimal is stupid
lul
Base 12 is more optimal if you want to have an autistic argument about bases used in everyday life. It's the smallest number with the most varied factorization.
Why would people need factorizations based on 3 instead of 5? Its dumb.
2,3,4,6 The 6 might be unnecessary as our ability to subconsciously distinguish different quantities of things without the use of counting stops at 5, but there's no smaller number that can be factored with 2,3, and 4
Sinds I learned binary all I could think of is that its overrated.Side note, explain the coversion between binary and readable letters pls
1 * 2 = 22 * 2 = 44 * 2 = 88 * 2 = 16octal could work too but it would make numbers longer
The 1s in binary are used to represent the letter, the 0s are padding values this should make sense to you if you know binary, having ON and OFF is the simplest way data can be representedFor example, the letter E requires 8bits, a byte because you need an 8x8 lattice to represent it in binary: 11111111 10000000 10000000 11111111 10000000 10000000 10000000 11111111 From here we can represent the letter as pixels on the screen, but that's more of a hardware question =]
ascii
Thx anon
Try 1/3 in octal, which is a fairly common ratio used in every day life. It's a nasty repeating value because 8 doesn't have 3 as a factor. Now in base 12. It's 0.4, much easier to work with at a higher degree of precision.
doesn't apply to hexadecimal
Yes it does 10 in base 16 is 16 It applies to every base except base 1, and that's just because base 1 only has one symbol for representing numbers think of tally counting
ebin threadThere are 10 kinds of people int this world:Those who know binaryThose who don'tThose who thought this would be a base 3 jokeThose who thought this would be a base 4 joke...Those who thought this would be a base n joke
Again, 5 is not nearly as important as 2,3,4 because we have to resort to counting for groups 4 It's actually a pretty interesting topic: 

Literal retard who doesn't know how numbers and counting works.The number of people who don't makes me want to shoot myself.
Nice one actually.
Underrated post.
thunk you
nice meme
There is 1 kind of faggot in this thread and its OP
Is  what you were looking for?  Because for computing you translate the binary or hex or octal to its ASCII equivalent.  Thats what's going on when you see encrypted hashes.  Those are hexadecimal representations of ASCII chars, encrypted of course.
How many of you run android Google-free? Do you feel like you're missing anything important? What are some good tools to use to ease the Google Play withdrawal?
Replicant reporting in
My phone is a overglorified MP3 player, ebook reader, and alarm clock. I don't really need apps. When I do, make random gmail and use google play then delete email.
Replicant is overkill.
My phone is a hobby, of course it's overkill.
Are numbers a hobby of yours too?
f-droid has my favourite camera / gps / e-mail / music apps, and those are my primary uses for the phone anyways... so use f-droid.
Thoroughly check'd
I do. Shit I use often are:K9 for mailOsmand for mapsFirefox for webTelegram for IMingSyncthing for syncing filesClover for 4chan
OsmandGOAT
I still use YouTube and Analytics.Slowly stopping Google Search and moving to Bing. Pretty much everything else I use is from Microsoft. iTunes Radio/FM Radio for Music.
, 
What will happen if I buy all this stuff ?Processor isn't going to be the K, clicked it by mistake.Mobo will not be the Micro ATX version either.
you will be able top play gaymes at 1080p at 40 fps
, 
post 'em if you got them, old and newpic related
, 
What keyboard do u use and why? I'm actually using TouchPal but word prediction is not as good as it should be also it is not the fastest keyboard - Android stock keyboard is much faster for example. My native is Polish.
kurwa
fucking polish kurwas
using a keyboard that has a numpad but no navigation keyswhy?
SwiftKey, nigger, best one. Number bar, themes, customization out the ass, directional keys, dictation mode, word flow , etc. If you use anything but SwiftKey on Android, you're a dumbass.
I use the stock one on Nexus 5Word prediction is retarded everytime everywhere, I hate that shit, learn to type yourselves
Google Keyboard is fucking amazing, use it on all of my devices.
SwiftKey _was_ the best keyboard back in Android 4 days, when the stock one was a pile of garbage. Since 5.0 the stock keyboard has been better in every way.I used to think like this, them I took an arrow to the knee. By which I mean I started using gesture typing and now I can't stop. All keyboards that let you do it get about one word in ten wrong, I find, but it's hard to go back to thumb typing.
Messagease.  Looks ugly and strange to use at first but now I see why it is what it is. Fast, customizable and can't go back to anything else now. I've tried just about every android keyboard out there.
Minuum
Is Firefox still slow and a memory hog? I switched years ago to Chrome because it was just better but I really don't want to give Google any more information than I already do. Firefox thread I guess. Why do you like it? Plugins? etc.
I have heard it uses more cpu then chrome does
lesser of two evilsslowdepends on your machine, generally more yes then nomemory?2015
yeah like memory leaks.
Use opea
e10s makes it smooth as fuck in exchange for incompatibilitieshell, I can't even highlight text then right click google search
e10stfw stable probably won't get it until november
FF is fine, ignore the /g/ memes.
Firefox uses much less memory than chrome does. Like, I close 5 chrome tabs and get ~20% of my memory back. I have 8 gigs.
Is Firefox still slow and a memory hog?memory hog - YESopen a few tabs, watch it go from 200mb to 1Gb, close all but one tab, memory usage doesn't go down
UNUSED RAM IS WASTED RAM
Chrome was literally never better
If you don't care about responsiveness or memory usage, sure.
Firefox crashes multiple times daily during general use. It's barely functional.
Firefox is horrible.It's like having to talk to someone that doesn't listen to you but then gives you things so that you'll be happy.Icedragon comodo's version of firefox is a bit better.
who gives a shit?its a browser. the webpage is going to look exactly the same no matter what you use.differences in response time are minimal on comparable hardware, and in the real world the differences are negligible. 6 of one, half a dozen of the other, they're all complete crap. pick whichever shitpile you feel more comfortable with
firefox is worse than ie now
its a browser. the webpage is going to look exactly the same no matter what you use.not true
the webpage is going to look exactly the same no matter what you use
Can your Chrome do this?
Is Firefox still slow and a memory hog?Yes.
Noticeably slowerStill has the memory hogUI redesigns not very user friendly Also, plot twist: FF is made by SJWs and also showing signs of turning into a botnet - 3rd party bookmark service integrated between two updates, turned on by default, can only be deactivated in about:config. Maybe there's a FF fork that's clean but I haven't looked into it, I'm still using the Chrome spyware atm.
It uses less memory than chrome, weebshit
Scrolling is slow as fuck and animations are sluggish
Chrome uses more memory than Firefox.Performance isn't visibly slower, except you're caring about synthetic benchmarks.
but doesn't free up memory when you close a tab. chome does. in practice, FF has a huge memory leak problem and barely usable by power users without a tab memory hacking extension.
Try opening 700 tabs in fireshit, cockface.
A normal person doesn't need more than 2 tabs at the same time.
hasnt crashed on me for like a year
Nice copout bitchnormieFuck off.
do the same in Chrome and crash...your point?
Install it.Try it out.Keep it or uninstall it.
LOL
posts edgy anime picturescalls others "normie"being that edgyWhy don't you kill yourself and do some good for society?
hmm... care to share a test or data about it?
If you're on windows and using a machine where RAM is an issue, just use IE11. Built in easylist support, and its designed to run on toastertabs with 1gb of ram
bait
Why don't you go back to plebbit, normie?
using 7GB of memory... oho... so it don't free memory from background tabs like Firefox...no wonder why it crashing in my case on 4GB even on 64bit Chromium...
Do that in fireshit and post results.
2 tabskek
switching to chrome from firefox because of "memory issues" doesn't really seem like a smart thing to do.
Actually, having less tabs doesn't fuck up your attention span in the long term. Just focus on one tab, get your job done and move on to the next.Multiple tabs are the reason why too many people have ADHD.
I don't open 700 tabs, but works properly with 100-200 tabs in my case on Firefox.Chromium crashes like I said.fireshitwhy so angry
I work properly in chrome with 300-500 tabs. Your move, firefag.
This was yesterday
meh
If I run Chrome on Mint and open more than 15 or so tabs including a video it freezes the whole thing to the point when I have to go to a different tty and it hangs after "username: blahblah"Firefox on Mint doesn't save any settings or extensions, seems like it's to do with the retarded firefox syncIt's probably my settings or laptop but whatever, fuck them both
fireshitfirefagnormie300-500 tabsAutist/troll confirmed
unless you have a memory leaking add on, adblock plus/edge and/or a million tabs with flash videos open, firefox should never use more than 1gb.what were you doing?
m-muh precious fireshit crashes with 700 tabs openchrome doesn'tb-best call him autisticFuck off.
I use Chromium though.
new tabsYou're opening empty tabs, retard.
You are a huge retard.
I switched from Chrome to Firefox at work because Firefox just runs better. I run a shitty Lenovo at work so it can't handle much but Firefox runs well.
Try opening 700 tabs in fireshiti just did.
Go on google and press 700 times on the about link, then we'll talk.
In one tab i had youtube and in 2nd some forum.Shit started after flash update, 2 days ago.
That cogwheel looks like the jewish star.
you could try the youtube html5 player. it uses less resources and works the same
100-200 tabs crashing on chromeSHITyour move CHROMSHITFAG ;
Read up the thread, dumbfuck.
What the actual fuck. How could you be using 4g for two tabs? You got some NSA add ons or something.
lelelelChromSHIT crashing with lower about of tabs open as it didnt unload background tabsso SHITits 2015
it shat itself on most of the tabs, and im too lazy to reload each. i even killed ff for your autism.
slowThe GUI can be slow on slow PCs. It's pretty good on a decent PC, though. Page loading was never slow and is in fact usually faster than Chrome's.memory hogIt uses less memory than Chrome, that was always the case.
your move CHROMSHITFAG ;100-200 tabs crashing on chromeSHIT
Nice funposting.
 Not using Pale Moon
chrome idiot doesn't know how bookmarks worksor maybe you use chrompera?also enjoy having tab with 1 pixel wide
.funposting nice
you know why they call it chrome? because it rhymes with home and subconsciously makes users feel more welcome. google paid 20 psychologists a million dollars each to get this information.enjoy being manipulated into using a browser with a limited walled garden user experience
It works in other browsers but on ffox videos wont play in fullscreen.Just look at that shit
sorry, i forgot about that. it works in windows, but i get the same shit in linux.
cogwheelpopcorn shortcut
just have to wait for 64bit firefox to roll out, maybe then it will stabilize, doubt that it though.
Kek, just tried opening 700 tabs in fireshit and it fucking shat itself at exactly 444. Fucking rekt.
Is there an easy way to open hundreds of tabs at once?I'd like to test Safari's capabilities.
mine did not. and oh the newtabs are not empty on my browser. 
kek safari
Which one should i choose
I told you to open google about pages. Is that really so hard?
ctr-t cttr-t ...
How about you do it on wangblows?
not gonna reboot for that. but i'll try it on firefox too in a moment.
I use Pale Moon, which is kinda a fork of firefox. I use adblock because ublock is unsupported and lightbeam to see which jews access my internet traffic information.
try to download extension from chrome web storeNETWORK_FAILEDdownload from crx4chrome.comchrome disables itchrome is garbage
Try Pale Moon. I've been using it and i love it. I had to adjust stuff in the about:config to make it smoother and faster. i love it. its still in the works but its better.
Hearty kekThis may well be the case.
Is it bad that I have opera, ff, and g chrome installed?I don't use them at the same time
Is there a Chromium extension to clean up the download bar pop-up or make it more like Firefox's?
no memory leaks

This is the first time I've ever seen this before.I tend to use "common sense" with what I install on my computer. I only install credible freetard shit and stay away from anything that might install malware or adware on my machine.For the first time in years, I want to install a new OriginalXbox game and it's a tricky process because you have to extract the contents of the Xbox game ISO, but it isn't a standard ISO that can be opened with 7zip. I've known Xbox-Scene to be a credible website for years, it was THE #1 website you went to for OriginalXbox stuff, now Firefox is telling me that their shit might have viruses. This is the first time I've seen a "this might have a virus" prompt in Firefox.Is this a false-positive to keep me safe, like an overprotective parent, or did it really scan this software and find viruses?
15 tabs with 1 video running, 10 addons and it's using under 700mb of RAM.Unless you're stuck in 2002, you should be fine.
Memory leaks?you mean chrome right?chrome over 8 tabs is hitlarious on memory usage
Not him, but maybe you should go back to your containment board /r9k/, where the use of "normie" and "plebbit" aren't considered cringe as fuck
Chrome leaks much more RAM than Firefox. One reason I hated Chrome was the shitty font rendering.
Just use Vivaldi, it literally uses no memory.
But I remember someone saying it was a botnet or something.
this firefox session has been running for over twelve hours, I open and close tabs as I need, I leave firefox running with a tab pointed the issue tracker for work when I leave the house.and, yes, this computer only has 4GB of ram. it hurts to live.I also have 16 addons enabled, and currently two greasemonkey scripts appliedall your results seem wrong to me, which means either you're fudging results, or your firefox setup is shit AND you're fudging results.
fergot image, derp
CHECK YOUR PLUGINS
Bullshit
this is a retard meme. You know that FF is actually less memory hog than Chrome/IE ?
There is no way that's fucking real
2015leaving tabs openseriously who does this and why? 4chan has the threadwatcher and unless I'm just beginning to research something having more than 5 open tabs is pointless. Unless i'm mass opening a bookmark folder but those never stay open for more than a glance.
It'll block shit. There's ways to turn it off, I had downloaded like 7zip or something and firefox started shitting itself. It has even been known to block antivirus scanner executables.
I fucking HATE that Load Tabs Progressively hasn't been updated in years.
wow

Why does chrome look so similar to FF? Damn near looks like to forked it.
firefox is a memory hog meme2015It may not be as efficient as Safari for example, but it's by no means bad.
FirefoxSlowAnd then I installed Nightly. Fast as fuck, and far more stable than I expected, can't even remember when it last crashed,
yyears agoYears ago chrome was faster loading pages until you added adblock.Then it loaded pages much slower than firefox with adblock. Chrome started quicker though.
Firefox usersame folder portable for 20 versions now, upgraded as new versions are releasedhealth report says the last actual crash was April 3 2012Sorry, but you're a fuckhead, and you're wrong too.
I'm using an extension or userscript that is causing Firefox to use up to 1.7GB of RAM on a regular basis. But I have my extensions installed because I find them useful...
25 tabs
I puked.
Is there a reason to use Pale Moon over Waterfox or vice versa?
Does 4chan X use a lot of memory assuming you have many 4chan threads open?
25 tabs of what websites though
about:blank:^
Yea, it does. I restarted Firefox and opened 22 4chan threads, resulting in 1.5GB of memory usage. Disabling 4chan X and restarting Firefox, then opening the 22 threads resulted in 500MB of memory usage.
God that looks awful.
Ey, how do I center the URL bar's text?I know I can use CSS for it, but don't quite know how to do that in specific
Well, that was a lot easier#urlbar-container {text-align: center;}That is all you need to do
being this jelly
stop being a paranoidgoogle is the best because it collects feedback and they don't give a shit about your futa loli
It's not paranoia when it's true…
One of the filters in ublock seems to have a memory leakIt literally goes up to 2.5GB of RAM. I think it's the EU or NLD one. Have those disabled and it's hopefully gone.But other then that nope, uses less then 500 MB of memory for a bunch of different tab.
I don't have that issue with the EU one.Try doing a purge/update all filters.
Used to have 103 tabs on firefox, literally 103. Never used more than 1gb. Also have chrome and use it for... things. Have a few tabs and more than 2 gb. Have 16 gigs of ram so who cares
Well I just disabled all but the NLD and EU, and the leak is gone.I'm gonna try enabling NLD
lmao i open up youtube and memory shoots from 550MB to 1.1GB
That may have to do with YouBlock making endless requests.I've seen blocked objects going into the thousands if I left YouTube open for a long time.
It doesn't happen with that specific filter disabled though.Fucking retarded.How do I figure out which rule causes it?
YouBlockkekMeant YouTube obviously.
How do I figure out which rule causes it?The logger is your friend.
Assume I'm retarded
Assume I'm retardedThen uncheck "I am an advanced user" because clearly you aren't.
Nothing I said indicates that it was checked in the first place dumbass.
mfw the Network requests log is available even if you disable advanced modeLooks like I'm the retard.
:^
for most sites this is the truth.autists.
I got 3 tabs open in firefox with no other programs and only take up 2.3gb memory,just switch back to firefox after using chrome for 4 months.The only thing I miss is right click image search but there add on for that ,what I don't miss is  when i control+alt+delete and I'm looking at 6+chromes in task manager.
firefox doens't use a lot of memory but still manages to lag and be clunky and shit
How the hell do you change the windows buttons?
Those are the default window buttons in OS X Yosemite…
i believe he was attempting to make a joke
I hope for his sake that you are wrong.If he didn't know about the OS X buttons he's just ignorant.But if that was a joke he's legally retarded.
it was a shit joke lad tbh
Just made a macro for ff to do "Shift+F2 'restart' Enter". Wait 2 seconds and continue where you left off.
ublock is unsupportedi dont know if you're still even aware of this thread but i wanted to let you know that ublock works fine in palemoon just in case
Yeah it randomly spikes up to 120% with like 6 tabs open I want to switch but I have an emotional tie to firefox
Firefox should be developed on openbsd.

Who the hell needs 700 tabs open? F your going to try and make a comparison between two very different things, you might want to try to actually keep it realistic. No idiot is going to have 700 tabs open you dumbass. Try to make it atleast 10-20 tabs; not 700
This is what gets me. It fucking stutters. Stutters and lags with an i5 and 16gb of ram browsing webpages. In 2015.
Hah firefox? Why wouldnt you just use emacs to browse the web?
firefox won
but chrome is a qt too
What's the difference between Palemoon, Waterfox, and Cyberfox anyway? I'm assuming cyberfox is a bit faster than the others?
furrydirty slut
I'd also like to know. Pale Moon seems kind of laggy and crashes easily with me

I use chromium
I'm starting consider jumping off the Firefox ship. The browser seems to be getting slower and if I leave it open long enough, especially with a lot of multimedia/flash content open, I start getting black boxes appearing over EVERYTHING, and only disappears on hover-over only to almost immediately reappear. I always have to restart the browser. Combine this with frequent crashes and the whole thing is starting to get really annoying. It might have something to do with the fact that I have 500-1000 tabs open across three windows right now. Firefox is currently using 1GB of memory but I've seen it peak as high as 3.5GB. I know 500+ tabs is a lot but with 16GB of RAM and a i5-3570K I kind of felt like my system could handle the load, apparently not. Worth noting I only run a handful of extensions, probably not even 10.  Anyway, do I need a better browser or do I just have to change my browsing habits? If I should jump ship what browser do you recommend? Really don't want to do Chrome if I can avoid it but I don't want some no name browser with no extensions or sparse support either.
Flash is shit. Disable flash.Disable bloat pocket etc.Switch to uBlock Origin.Enable e10 and hope it works properlyDisable any addons that you don't use.Make a new profile.
Use uMatrix and/or Noscript and only enable what scripts you actually need.
Flash is shitI know that and I hate it but if I disable it I effectively disable all multimedia content on the internet. Literally everything runs on Flash.
I'm in almost exactly the same boat as you except I don't open nearly as many tabs.I've resorted to using chrome on the side to view all flash/html5 video content, and it's a lot better so far, but still niggly.Can't wait to nuke everything and start over from scratch when win10 drops.
if i have multiple windows with multiple pages open, running any sort of flash or media will instantly cause a crash. im talking a bunch of chan tabs in one window, some new articles/email in another, and a opening youtubes home page causes a crash almost guaranteed
Basically all websites are switching over to HTML5. Any website that still requires flash is normally shit anyway.
/g/uses vpn for muh privacystill uses chrome / chromium2015
Literally everything runs on Flash.Thankfully, that's becoming less true.Personally, I set Flash to "click to enable".
there's a lot of streaming websites no, not only porn that still only have flash players. I'd really like to get rid of flash completely though.
I switched to Chromium when Google went full retard, then to Firefox when Chromium became way too unreliable. They have monkeys coding the betas over there I think.It's okay. I miss some things, and it occasionally freezes and has some weird bugs...and even Firefox will be blocking third-party which is bullshit.But it's okay.I just need a good New Tab page. All the ones I've found are shit. All I want is weather and Recently Closed Tabs. That's it. It doesn't seem to exist. So I give up.
Livestreamer.
even Firefox will be blocking third-party which is bullshitThird-party what?
+ master race.
You can do that on Firefox? That was one of my favourite features of Opera 12. Neat...Wait it's already enabled apparently checking about:config, butit's actually not functioning that way. What?Extensions, add-ons, themes, modifications, whatever. If it's loaded through the browser it will now have to be certified.It's for your protection, Anon. Please understand.
ExtensionsAh yes, that. This *is* mostly a good thing. Especially for plebs.But you don't need to host your extension on AMO to have them signed. There are ways.Also, end-users can just use a non-branded version of Firefox and not use extension signing…
Go to about:addons - PluginsSet to Ask to Activate.While you're at it, see if you have any useless shit and set it to Never Activate.
Signing is not the problem here. The problem is that they're also banning extensions that change Firefox settings or use binaries and that's a lot of good extensions.
Hum. Sort of works, but clicking 'Allow Now' seems to mean 'Allow and Remember' as it never asks again on that domain. Damn it, Firefox.
The problem is that they're also banning extensions that change Firefox settingsNo they aren't. See uBlock.It disables a lot of shit like webRTC and stuff that you'd have to disable manually in about:config otherwise.
Go to about:permissions and find your site there.Change from Ask to Activate to Always Activate.
Oh no, I want the opposite. I want always ask. Always and forever, no questions, loopholes or buts about it.It isn't doing shit without my permission. That kind of ask to activate.
Then setting it to Ask to Activate in about:addons should be all you need to do.What exactly is not working as you want? Provide a specific scenario if possible.
Ask to activate functions as suchEverythings blocked - Click on specific Flash app - Dialog box "Allow Once" "Allow and Remember" - Click "Allow Once" - Media plays - Close window, open another tab on same domain - No blocking occurs at all, media just plays - Open tab on new domain - Process starts over with same end resultProbably a bug or I'm just really missing something obvious here.
Ohh. I see what your problem is now.Yeah, the "Allow Once" does not mean literally once, but per session.I.E. if you allow Flash on youtube.com it will act ask "Always Activate" for youtube.com until you quit Firefox.I think you can work around this by opening the site you need to allow e.g. YouTube in a Private Browsing window.If you want more granular control you're going to have to use an extension like Flashblock.
address and tabs aren't in the same barFucking waste of vertical space, gtfo
cock growingfemale on futa rapebondageEvery time
Is there any other browser suited to industrial browsing habits?
Probably look into that extension. Thanks.Also, anyone know of a UI/addon that opens a URL bar by keypress? I miss that from Opera 12 as well.Need a notepad that functions with the sidebar as well...email too.Man, I miss Opera 12.
Seeing as how much space he's saved on other things, I think he can afford to have tabs on top if that's his thing.He also has a Retina display so I don't think monitor real estate is of much concern.
Daily reminder that if you are a straight white male you should not use products by an organisation that has an irrational hatred of you that purposely fucks it up in order to teach you a lesson in oppression.
One can never have too much vertical space.
Probably look into that extension. Thanks.tried and true.email too.Maybe you want to check out SeaMonkey…
caring about that shitWhatever their political views, the fact remains that they developer Firefox for free for everyone, including white cis scum such as myself.I think that fact makes them the real cucks here.
FlashblockAwesome, works alongside Youtube Center. Thanks!Seamonkey...Maybe. I leave Opera open as it's my main email client. Which is hilarious considering it's 2015 and this build will be 2 years old in a week or so. I'll poke at it.
If you're keeping Opera around solely for e-mail you might as well get a proper standalone e-mail client.Have you looked into this? I know nothing about it but it mite b cool.there's always Thunderbird.
Got nearly 1k tabs and got bored,look at the picture and cry, cry at the thousand-tab browser
Is this normal that Firefox take 5 sec to load my homepage ?Waterfox does the samefug
Is this normal that Firefox take 5 sec to load my homepage ?Normally? No. But it depends on what your homepage is… Link?
If it's the first page to load, you should remember that gecko takes a long fucking time to init, and if you have a shitton of plugins, it won't help
I use Opera primarily because I haven't found a client that collates email/unread/spam/sent/trash/etc from several accounts into one window. For such an obvious thing to me, devs don't seem to care. Which means no-one else cares. Which means I'm a crazy person. Which is cool...I'll try the client. Still using the actual browser for stuff though, like alternate logins.Look through Opera siteSee customization "With 1000 of our extensions"CryYou could mold the browser however you saw fit through fucking ini files. Why have we gone backwards?

just google.cominb4 not CuckCuckGoI tried Light Firefox with all the same plugins and it open instantly.I don't use light firefox because it does not load WebM VP8.
animeThat's from League of Legends.
I started using FF again yesterday.  Today, it crashed with two tabs loaded about 30 tabs open and unloaded.  Back to Chromium.
recently switched to Firefox from old Opera 12.16.is it slow? the pages sometimes lag during load, but after that, it's okay. the JS is fast, old Oprah could grind to a halt with heavy JS, FF handles it fine.memory hogging? definitely less than Chrome.
try to install chrome extension not from the storeB-BUT YOU MUST INSTALL FROM THE STOREI-IT'S NOT SECUREWE MUST HANDHOLD YOU NORMIEenable dev modelet's me installafter 30 minutespopups everywhereIT'S UNSECURE ANON-CHANYOU SHOULD ONLY USE DEV MODE IF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOINGPLEASE DISABLE IT AT ONCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!2 days laterextension gone and dev mode disabledfuck this shit, at least fireshit gives me freedom and doesn't treat me like a computer illiterate.
Even worse.
the consumer, aren't allowed to win.
mfw everything will be complete shit in a couple of years

Release and Beta versions of Firefox will not allow unsigned extensions to be installed, with no override.I hope Mozilla just dies overnight.
Actually I'm using a sane fork
Release and Beta versionsDeveloper edition and Nightly will allow you to still install unsigned extensions.
I really don't get it. Even goddamn Safari on OS X allows me to install whatever the fuck I want.I could download a .safariextz from 4chan and it would let me install it.Why is Mozilla doing this?
Great, now the more reason to use unstable shit.No, thanks.
Developer edition is pretty damn stable. I haven't had any issues with it.
2015using jewgle
Starting with OS X 10.11, Safari will only update extensions that are signed and on the Safari Extension Gallery.You'll also need to enroll in the Apple Developer Program for $99 a year to upload your extension to Safari Extension Gallery.Tell me again how this is superior to Firefox or Chromium-
It still is.Literally made me switch to Chrome. I sometimes have 20 tabs open and the browser grinded to a halt. Everything is a lagfest. Closed all other tabs and memory usage is still at 1GB.
Is "SJW" the boogeyman of our time? Half a year ago you would probably have called it Reddit: The Browser or something.
Yep, you can argue how customizable it is but god forbid you open more than 20 tabs.
Because cucks on 4chan and some parts of Reddit think wumminz are stealing their jobs or taking away their vidya.
TBH cuck is a boogeyman too. SJW, Reddit, cuck, marketer, shill, summer... All cancer.
Yes, they are. uBlock isn't signed. And the AMO version is old from before the policy changes and webRTC feature.
It's irrelevant. Extension devs won't cater to the needs of a few thousand autists and Mozilla will slowly kill support for old versions of extensions.
They are trying to ruin Firefox on purpose, there's no other explanation. All their actions indicate this.
Livestreamer + mpvyoutube-dlHTML5isebaro's ViewTubeheliotropium's ViewTubePlus thing I miss is hentai flash games, which I can to be honest live with out.
I wish I wasn't a lazy fuck, otherwise I'd make Pale Moon auto-replace all instances of "normie" with "normalfag". Otherwise I'll just have to block all of you with 4chanx :^
Hey /g/, I need to buy a laptop, since I am going for an internship abroad and cannot bring my PC. Trying not be autistic about it I google various "laptop buying guides" "laptops customer review" and etc.Knowing I would like to have a ~12-14" screen, that I can spend up to 1000$, that I plan to use it mostly for "all-around purpose" except high-end gaming and that I do not need long battery life, since I will almost always be able to plug it and that I prefer Windows OS - I was "told" by various websites/reviews that Dell XPS 13 2015, Nontouch  "is the best ultraportable laptop for the money" for my needs.Is that true? Do you have any experience with this particular laptop? Is there a better option for my needs in this price range?All help appreciated
If you are ready to give more money then you get, sure go with it, but try it out first, keyboard on it might drive you insane.
but try it out first, keyboard on it might drive you insanekeyboard is fine. Why do people make such a big thing out of every little thing.  I have tried the keyboard and trackpad on MBP and xps and although there is difference, 99% of the people won't care after 5min of use, because the difference is so small.
it's a good choice. battery life is very good, specs are good, keyboard is good, trackpad had issues but were solved updating drivers. go for it, you won't be disappointed.
Well, /g/, looks like the entire laptop industry is about to be owned hard.
if they put it to market I would love to have one, but its just a concept and its not like the Chinese give a shit about IBMs history, such a shame this won't be made
What is with that fucking logoIt looks horrid
I can’t promise anything at this point, it’s an idea.Make it happen please1366x768
I feel as if the logo is a poor imitation of the original IBM logo. They could leave the thinkpad text as is.
widescreen
so,  it's my t420 with a 16:10 screen?mfw it ships a shitty core-m processor and my i5-2520m is better
How do I make myself believe that ThinkPads aren't just chinese botnetted garbageware now?
Go to kitchengrab tinfoilwrap around headYou are now an official /g/ member. But seriously they are anything with intel is just botnet.
Pls make this Lenovo
Don't get you hopes up. Lenovo has a history of publicizing concepts and then scrapping them. pic relatedBut yes. 2 thinklights would be nice.
ditch the fucking trackpad
Logo is ugly as shit.I just want an X41 with 13" rMBP internals. And a better screen.
Just cover it up with some tite laptop stickers ;
We did it Reddit
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
still has those shitty drop hinges they brought in after their macbook air clone X1Why even bother with a "retro" revisit then?
why was your trip relevant to your post?
how are you relevant to this community
why do a 1 off retro edition?just make all thinkpads good like they used to benot hard
dat christmas logodat trackpaddem hingesn-nyet
esc not swapped with tabctrl not swapped with caps lockNot retro enough.
blah blah blah blah DESIGN blah blah LOGO blah blah MUSTANG blah blah blah RETROWow look at all that nothing. It's just Lenovo's Macbook Air, 4 years too late because everybody else already made their Macbook Air clones.Who gives a shit about the ugly recolored logo it's literally nothing.
it's a MacBook air clone
all this shit posting in here.new logo same box who gives a fuck?
thinkpadfags are the same as macfags, they get overexcited when their corporate masters decide to shit down their throat
your t420 has the worst screen ever released on a laptopfrankenpad it with IPS display and then we can talk
Lenovo will conduct a poll to gauge interest and finalise specs. If there is sufficient market demand, they'll go ahead and produce it. They're ready to produce, they're just gauging demand at this stage.It will not be cheap, though.
Glorious 16:10
Imagine a blue enter key, 7 row classic keyboard, 16:10 aspect ratio screen, multi-color ThinkPad logo, dedicated volume controls, rubberized paint, exposed screws, lots of status LED’s, and more.*cums*
Imagine a blue enter key, 7 row classic keyboard, 16:10 aspect ratio screen, multi-color ThinkPad logo, dedicated volume controls, rubberized paint, exposed screws, lots of status LED’s, and more.I already have a T61, thnx.
No mention of connectivity.I wouldn't put past Lenovo to brag about oldschool values and make it a skinned version of the abomination that is the X1 Carbon.
Oh lordy it's in Christmas colors.What gives?
APPLE BTFODELL BTFOHP BTFOWE'RE BACK BABY!
that disgusting brandingI won't buy one just because of that, other than the fact that it will probably be incredibly shitty and low-spec but still command a ThinkPad premium
All i need is new a new motherboard with a new generation processor for my x200 and t61.... Not so much for the x200, but it would be nice on my t61 so that it could be a workhorse
18mm highOk, this confirms that the internal battery idea remains.This can only be a win if the model is with an external battery let's put bluntly moded T450P to T460P 
I'll definitely buy it used on eBay.
18mmMy only worry is that it won't be workstation tier.Needs a GPU or at least Thunderbolt or USB 3.1C
This nigga gets it.
touchpadfucking dropped, who the fuck needs that shit. They should make the palmrest more durable instead.
LaptopSlow booting timeKinda expensive $300+HeavyHotUnless you need a specific program that runs on Windows programmer, web designer, tablet can do everything laptop do, better.
I think this is b8 but I can't help but think you are mentally retarded as well.
tfw my t420 has a 2670QM
George pls
being this stupidIf you ever opened up your laptop, you'd realize that having a touchpad is totally independent of durability.
George you fucking moron why would you link here?The thread is just going to be deleted after today, fucker won't even see it.
FUCK WIDESCREEN
Watch. They'll make the body perfect but keep the chicklet keyboard.
it's linking to the other thread :^
yfw 7 row chiclet keyboard Actually I wouldn't care, I actually don't mind it. Feels roomier to me. I just hate the current layout
T92Did anyone else notice?
Hi there!You seem to have made a bit of a mistake in your post. Luckily, the users of 4chan are always willing to help you clear this problem right up! You appear to have used a tripcode when posting, but your identity has nothing at all to do with the conversation! Whoops! You should always remember to stop using your tripcode when the thread it was used for is gone, unless another one is started! Posting with a tripcode when it isn't necessary is poor form. You should always try to post anonymously, unless your identity is absolutely vital to the post that you're making!Now, there's no need to thank me - I'm just doing my best to help you get used to the anonymous image-board culture!
Well no, see my pic where the palmrest of my X220 cracked. Clearly a weak point caused by the touchpad and the overall bad quality of the plamrest.
PROOF LENOVO COMPANY SHILLS OPERATE ON THIS BOARD.HOW MUCH YOU PAY 4CHAN FOR THIS ADVERT?
W530, no problems of the sort.
Would you know what was the latest and greatest UMPC released I'm really interested in these.
colored nameplate and the dumb LED lights instead of backlit keyboard make me not care.id much rather have actual lit keys instead of the stupid light on my x220
still no touchpad buttonsayyyyy
That laptop isn't sold to you anon. You're a minority.
thinklightLooks like dog shit with shiny keys, and 90% of you poorfags will buy it used with shiny keys
it's marketed to people like him, you retardI also agree with that post and I paid full retail for a W520, what now?
Ok hypothetical situation here.Its dark, you need to see something in the keyboard area whether it be keys or a piece of paper or a slice of pizza.Is the ThinkLight or the backlight lol on the keyboard useful.Don't bother to answer because its already obvious the keyboard backlight is useless.  ThinkPads follow functional designs and having both never should have happened.
/mlp/
OPTIONS ARE BADFuck you.I want both.
why are you still alive?
David HillThis year, Dave Hill is a designer in Lenovo
You can't see shit with the memelight either, I don't get the hype. My W520's is shit, my X200's is shit, my T40/42/43p's is shit, my X41's is shit, my T23's is shit, my T22's is shit, they're all shit that doesn't light it up any more than the screen already does.Why the fuck haven't I filtered your gay trip yet?
thinkpadmacbook air cloneit flips open and has a screen and keyboard, must mean it's a mac clone :^applefags actually think like this
why are two lights suggested
Just give it mbp specs and a similar screen and I'll  buy it
i'd buy it
I guess i should leave a comment to indicate interest.
You're i5 2520m isn't better though. It's old as fuck, just like you're shitty brick laptop.
How are you?
i totally agree with you. idk why everyone else is butthurt. backlit keyboards are completely useless. im on my new work laptop atm, just realized its keyboard is backlit. wow. it has no effect at all. ty for telling me my laptop is running and no asleep. power light works well for that too.
slow booting timesYou know this magical new technology called an "SSD" exists.
work around a software problem with hardwareit's the Windowsr Waytm
The Fujitsu T935 is 19.3mm thick and still has a removable battery. It even has a wacom digitizer.There's no reason Lenovo can't do the same.
There is none. The VAIO P is the latest but it's not "great" by any means. Well it's not precisely the latest, since a couple of cheap Chinese clones appeared after the VAIO P, but they had actually inferior specs. ie. really really bad.
Don't Thinkpads literally still look like this?
What the fuck, how are they useless? Backlit keyboard as in the same as a Macbook? Where the letters light up? Or something else?
that delete and esc keycan't they just use the t60 layout?
As a person who never had a Touchpad, or a need for a laptop I actually like this, too much to list so I will only say what I dislike, as an "outsider".Blue enter key wtfMulticolour logo yuckThe whole top row of keys/LEDs looks like a clusterfuck and can all go bye bye
Fuck off macfag. Stop making computers even worse.
You probably use a six row keyboard. With a seven row, it's much easier to find the f key you want, page buttons, etcYes, eventually you memorize your layout regardless, but this gives you more tactile feedback and just feels better. As for the colors, that's just heritage, doing it now is just ugly by design but as a thinkpadfag I really dig it
OK, fair call about the keys. Not backing down on colors.
So basically you like it, except for everything that defines it? Your love must be a fun thing to have.
cunt
I'm sorry, the color logo and enter key just seems too much like a fucking speak and spell.
PLEASE MAKE THIS HAPPEN
macfagalready stated I'm not even a laptopfagYour battery operated toy computers don't really interest me.
i laughed.
Really?I love the light on my x200. Not sure if I would prefer backlit keys, but it totally makes a difference compared to just the screen.
tfw I'd kill for a 12'' Powerbook G4 with modern componentsDo you think you could contract a company to make a custom mobo and screen for a laptop?
I'd buy this instantly
Yes. For 25x the price.
Be awesome ::: : : : :: : : :: : : : :
Slow booting timeTablets boot fucking slowly. Even Windows boots faster than a fucking tablet.
Ah, the brief span when Apple made really nice laptops. Not garish and cheap-feeling like the g3 ibooks. Almost as well made as the trackball powerbooks. Excellent keyboard, excellent specs for the time, excellent screen for the time. Upgradable HHD/ram. I miss it too.
Everyone here that isn't a huge faggot uses linux exclusively on their thinkpads.Lots of huge faggots do it too.
It needs more status leds like the older models
no butterfly keyboard
With a tablet mode
They can put whatever they want on it, just bring back the good old classic dome.
thinkpads come with 3 different ones, including that one, I thought?
So you want a dog shit 8" tablet because machines with larger screens make the overcomplicated keyboard redundant
Wish trackpoints were more common, they're better than trackpads and a good replacement for mice, which I don't want to carry along on a portable device.
What?
WHAT THE FUCK WHICH ONE OF YOU IS GEORGE
Yeah totally. I don't know if there are standalone keyboards with this functionality, or non-lenovo laptops for that matter. It's much more comfortable to use than a mouse or trackpad.
stinkpad going to take over the industrylenovoIBMcomes in black on black on black with black trimThe only people who are rushing out to buy this crap are /g/ posters and corporations looking for employee machines.
Consider the original design objective of the butterfly keyboard: putting a large keyboard on a small chassis.Also consider that the tablet already has a larger keyboard.So for the butterfly keyboard to be of any use, it has to be on a small laptop 701c was 10.4".Would you want to use a 10.4" laptop? It would be absolutely useless as a mobile productivity tool in 2015. You are suggesting an idea that completely goes against the idea of a thinkpad being 'function over form'. Hell, David Hill wanted to make the X300 a 10" laptop with a butterfly mechanism but was told to fuck off and make it a 13" machine because who the hell wants to use a 10" post 2000?
It exists alright
I use a 7 inch win8 tablet just fine, a 10 inch laptop with a nice keyboard and tablet functionality would be amazing
I think I saw that one the other day. Funny, looks like someone just chopped the laptop in half. Will look into it.
retro
Good luck finding one for cheap, they're like model Ms at this point
Someone is finally bringing back UMPCs?
A 12-13" display in packed in to a 10" form factor would be nice like XPS 13 is 13" in 11" form factory. I agree - compact machines are great.But honestly, using Windows desktop applications on a machine with less than 11" of screen is absolutely shit
I like it tbh

FUCK OFFUCKOFFwe've seen your retarded as fuck umpc concept reposted and spammed hundreds of times alreadygive it a break, umpcs will always be shit
bucks on Amazon. That's mechanical pricing...but well. This one is a compact version tho.
They'll sell about 1000 of those ugly looking machines. Only the old graybeards will buy that shit.Public today thinks of these  chinkpads as dinosaurs.
That would be awesomeI'll never give up, not until UMPCs are brought back from the grave to replace windows 8 tablets
blue enter key No thanks
being this fucking deludedget windows 8 tabletbuy a keyboard caseThere you go, a UMPC.
But it doesn't easily stand up on it's own because it has no solid body with a nice hinge, some of the 10 inch tablets are alright but I want something the size of a nintendo DS
thinkpadlenovobotnetchinkpadThe only people getting owned hard will be anyone using one of those pedo machines in public as they are escorted away from children by police.
Public today thinks of these chinkpads as dinosaurs.It's better this way, maybe this will make it easier to get my hands on a cheap second-hand one.
paying 25000 usd for education lmao
I wish my parents were rich so I didn't have to earn things for myself or think
Needs to have a 4:3 Screen
most normies don't really give a fuck, but it would be better anyway because it means niggers will opt to steal the $300 HP shitbook over my "ancient" $1400 memepad if given a choice between the twononetheless, if this is the design they're going for it's fucking disgustingthat shitty lenovo logothat obnoxious christmas special of a ThinkPad logostill no fucking power/battery status LEDs on the inside of the lidactually marketed as a "retro" 5 years ago is retro???? throwback like it's a fucking can of Mountain Dew or some shit instead of a professional toolnot to mention the specs will probably be pathetic for the price
nintendo DS sizeSo what would be exactly useful for?bad for using any desktop applicationkeyboard would be too small to use to type out documentstoo small to enjoy video consumptionshit battery life due to use of high powered chip
autism at its finestblacked out lenovo logotape it overthat obnoxious christmas special of a ThinkPad logoimplying that shit would flystill no fucking power/battery status LEDs on the inside of the lidgive you that, i miss em on my t420actually marketed as a "retro" 5 years ago is retro???? throwback like it's a fucking can of Mountain Dew or some shit instead of a professional toolwho gives a shit they know that these machines appeal to fucking tech hipsters like you and me because we hate macs :^literally no business gives a shit about special snowflake thinkpad design easily maintainabledell and hp do it bettertrackpointdell and hp have trackpointsbuilt by chinksbusiness will think twice after the recent news of chinks pwning the us government
Why do I need a 16:9 screen if I don't plan on watching movies? I would rather have a high resolution 4:3.
This was posted on Lobsters by whbboyd:1. The logo looks ridiculous. The RGB IBM logo on the Thinkpads of yore had many fewer, smaller blocks of color.2. I don’t care even a little bit about the touchpad. Trackpoint is the only laptop mouse that’s not absolutely atrocious. The touchpad will be disabled in the BIOS before I even install a real OS over whatever you decide to prepopulate the drive with. Speaking of which…3. Let me buy it without Windows. Or anything else, for that matter, because you’re never going to sell a laptop with a minimal Debian install on it, so I’ll be installing my own OS regardless. But it’s way more important to me to avoid paying the Windows tax than to avoid a single write cycle over the drive.4. 4:3 is better than 3:2 which is better than 16:10. But 16:10 is better than 16:9. 1366x768 is an absolute dealbreaker, but failing to beat 1440x900 is a major black mark. Glossy screens are pants and I trust you have the sense to know better.5. Chiclet keyboard is a guaranteed dealbreaker. The keyboard on your renders is the right one, but I like the forward/back keys above the cursor keys.It would be amazing if they follow through with this and don’t cock it up. I’ve been jumping between older eBay Thinkpads for more than half a decade now; if I could get the same solid, usable design in something with modern hardware, I’d be on it in a moment.
still don't like this design..
Why not go 1:1 anon?1920x1920
Amazing!Why isn't this more common?Widescreen is only useful because videos are often in a widescreen ratio.
because it's niche and it's 1k a screenalso human eyes are not square :^ :^ :^
These were great machines, but the design is ruined for me now by association with the shitheap Compaq and Averatec laptops that copied the style.
because our eyeballs aren't 1:1 aspect ratio
It's not like IBM cares about their own history.
human vision is 16:9
I don't fucking care what my vision is like I want a square computer screen.
easily maintainabledell and hp do it better A+ Net + and stupid amount of MS certs here. When a customer brings me their laptop and its a HP.. a piece of me DIES inside. Some of the worst laptops i have EVER worked on. Don't even get me started on the HP envy series. These "Chinkpads" are all pretty much the same, easy to work with and are easily upgraded. I have 2 T500's with T9800's 8GB of ram and 120 GB SSD's that i still use just fine. Not to mention the y500 i got ealier this year for 450 that SHITS on other laptops in the same class.
Holy shit I love that laptop. I got one for $20 from ebay and it rocks. The battery will still last for 3+ hours. The keyboard is amazing on it and is noe of the last Apple laptops with a numlockpad. But my Thinkpad from 1999 has a better keyboard, but that thing is 7 pounds.
Human vision is 16:10, actually. That's why 16:10 is master race.
Yea maybe if you wear glasses.
It'll run my games, and the keyboard would be fine, I've gotten highly used to the small keyboard I use with my phone. As far as the screen goes I use programs with no issue on my 7 inch tablet, making the screen 6 inches in size isn't going to make much of a difference.
ThinkPad design, however, must continue to evolve to attract new customers and align with shifting market dynamicsBy looking more and more like a MacBook? Do they not realize their own demographic? Nobody who's going to buy a MacBook in the first place would ever even consider a fucking THINK     PAD
Because a screen like that is retarded, you could get a 4k panel for less than what the 1:1 screen costs
I don't know exactly how thick the t450s is, but it has an xboxhueg external battery + an internal. I think it's a pretty decent way to give you hotswapping and extra battery life from otherwise unused space.I don't know what the battery part costs, but I'm pretty sure that it ain't glued, I wouldn't worry about it too much.Pic is my t450s right before Winderps commited sudoku because 5%
MP3 player. I'm fucking FED UP of all the shit on the market.I want MOCP running in my fucking pocket. Full stop.
comparing CONSUMER dell and hp to BUSINESS lenovonigga what the fuck are you smokingDell and HPremove one panel to gain access to RAM, HDD, ODD, CPU, WLAN/WWAN etcHP even have captive screws for the majority of the components so you don't loose themLenovoRAM, ODD and HDD is easy to accessfuck you if you want to get to the CPUhave to remove the entire palmrest and keyboard
10/10 will buy and if i can will install linux.
I do that with my T500.. i have an ultrabay battery, and an ultrabay HDD 2GB for storage that i use.. basically gigantic flash drive.
tfw a hard drive will never be this easy to replace.
I'm okay thanks. How are you?
have the easy eject system, you have to enable it by initially taking out the screws but after that it's super easy
17 is also completely tool free.
I've NEVER had an HP or DELL that was that simple.. its ALWAYS HDD and RAM.. nothing else... thats just.. a first for me. And the UEFI chipsets on new Dells is ... just .. i dont have words. DELL seems to be a bit easier than the HP's.
all the internal components are easily accessible with no toolsHOLY SHIT SOLD
finally a good new today :i'm happy. from zero.
It's because you've never looked at the Dell and HP business laptops properly and only considered ThinkPads because /g/ made it a meme.EliteBooks have had this since the Sandy Bridge generation.Meanwhile Lenovo continues to make their laptops harder to repair.
Don't get it, they flex like fucking crazy. Thew new keyboards are much better in that regard.
Looks thick as fuck, 15 and 17 inch are inferior to 14 , and it looks like they waste a ton of space in that thing.
It's a mobile workstation, what the fuck do you expect
Nice. Legit win7 cd-key
Meanwhile Lenovo continues to make their laptops harder to repair.Nah, once you break all the plastic tabs it only takes 7 screws or so to take the bottom off.
The flexing actually makes it more durable, but if you were using the keyboard separately on its own the same functionality isn't really needed.
Save it, it's all yours anon. :^Tell me about it, I hate working on the new slim models.Who the fuck thought this was a good design
I actually hate Lenovo. I like thinkpads but will only use pre-2004 thinkpads. Not as my primary PC, for that I will always use a self-built desktop. I don't need a high performance portable but I might in the coming years.
T60/T61 were still designed by IBM engineers though.
worst screen ever released on a laptopThat's not the T430 though.
fuck you, a 10 inch laptop would be awesome in 2015. Netbooks should never have died.
10" screens were only used because they were cheap as fuck, also netbooks always had massive bezelsshove a 13" screen in to a 10" form factor with thin bezels.
Kek. I've been using Thinkpads for longer than 4chan has been around.. Also, i usually work networking... and really only fix consumer grade electronics.. PS3's Xbox's, HP and Dell laptops. Never had an HP or Dell business laptop because all my laptops have been GIVEN to me. after so many years of Lenovo, i just buy a lenovo.
the hingesFUCK I hope they get the hinges right.I'll most likely try to get in contact with someone about that.
I use a 7 inch win8 tablet just fineWhat model?
Stream 7, Wish I had gotten a Winbook T700 I think it is, it has a full USB slot
I have a t60 and a t450s I've had it for a few days now.I can see why people don't like the changes they have made.-no leds-no blue enter key-harder to open that harddisk tray was much nicer-hinge makes it impossible to have a big battery that keeps the laptop flat it is a REALLY nice feeling hinge though, screen has less flex than the t60 while being thinnerThe thing is, I wanted a shiny new laptop for the lower weight, better processor, better battery life. The keyboard and the solid feel of the laptop are the reason why I love thinkpads, and guess what: the keyboard is still great and the laptop still feels like a well-made thing. It is still one of the best laptops you can get currently. I see no reason to go for a MacBook Pro or an XPS 13 or a Zenbook. There are some compromises, but the hard to open thing does give you a thinner, more 'one solid piece of al- I think you get the idea' laptop. The lack of LEDs and the blue enter key give it a very clean look hdd leds are very useful though, and no capslock LED is fucking retarded but I still think they should have been kept.
Unicomp Endurapro
Tbh I like the keyboard on my yoga 14. I have an x220T as well and it feels pretty cramped.I'm also pretty bitter about how modular older thinkpads were and they threw that all away for no reason. To me, best thinkpad would be thisoption for either keyboard, make it happenmodular, two ram slots, ultrabayupdated features like USB 3.0, thunderbolt would be nice for muh vidya I don't know what else I would use Thunderbolt for otherwiseoption to have a SSD + HDD in my laptop without sacrificing something like an ultrabay Do new thinkpads support something like this?9 cell battery option on ALL models, IE I have an X220T and really hate being so limitedIPS panel optionI don't think anything I posted is really out of the ordinary and hard to accomplish.
I'm thinking about buying a stream 7 only because it's cheap as fuck and 30 dollars store credit in microsoft online store.
30 dollars store credit in microsoft online store.What could you even buy with that?
oh, they are better than you thinkoption for either keyboard, make it happensounds like a very doable thing, but we can hopemodular, two ram slots, ultrabaytwo ram slots are available on the normal t450updated features like USB 3.0, thunderbolt would be nice for muh vidya I don't know what else I would use Thunderbolt for otherwiseUSB 3.0 is in there m8option to have a SSD + HDD in my laptop without sacrificing something like an ultrabay Do new thinkpads support something like this?YES, there are several m.2 slots for ssds9 cell battery option on ALL models, IE I have an X220T and really hate being so limitedNo idea, but you gotta admit that the dual battery thing in the new thinkpad has its benefits.IPS panel optionIt's available on the t450s, not on the normal t450 unfortunately, so you have to deal with only one ram slot you get the sexy thin carbon fiber reinforced lid though. The x250 has the option for 1080p IPS too. They are really nice and bright too.
no blue enter keyNo it's the whole keyboard. I hate the chiclet/island style keys. They really suck cock. My old Thinkpad from 1999 has an amazing keyboard and had a physical volume slider that changed the volume of the speakers rather than the software.
*sounds like a very doable thing they will never do
have you tried it yourself? the keyboard feels almost the same, although the edges of the keys are now sharper, so you can't really slide your fingers across the keys as nicely anymore, but other than that it feels great to type on.
Yeah, the T450 vs S thing is really irritating. I got a good look at a T440s and they are nice looking machines, but there are just so many awful decisions afoot that prevent it from holding onto that solid "business class laptop" title.
It will not be cheap, though.The whole point of current day use Thinkpads is that they're dirt cheap but extremely reliable.
Fuck off with your shitty 16:10 meme.Human vision is 4:3 or pretty close to it.
Yes I tried it in a best buy. I really did not like it compared to my older ThinkPads, I will admit it has less flex but that used to not be a issue with IBM ThinkPads.
I had to take off the screen, the keyboard, the disc drive and 50 screws on my P500 to get to the HDD.
No it's fucking not human vision is not a aspect ratio.ouch.Also we need to bring back pic related.
Supposedly yes. but my y500 doesnt let me.. i SLI gt750m's or have a ultrabay HDD.
t440TRACKPOINT BUTTONSbut I guess that's just the thing you've seen IRL?I guess that's your preference then, you can't really say anything is objectively better of course. I will still defend my position on the t450 having the best keyboard on any CURRENT laptop though.
What on earth
No don't get me wrong the lack of buttons was FUCKIGN AWFUL and it is fucking awful on my yoga 14. But everything else was nice.
another stream 7 tablet is probably what I'd do with tbh
Sorry other anon's but this ANON is right... human vision naturally leans toward 4:3 4:3.0075 or something like that. Problem is, our eyes adapt pretty well. After MUCH testing, scientists can confrim that human vision doesnt really take a preference. They both work about equally. Short answer.. its complicated.. and there is no easy answer.
mfw you actually think this is more than just a meme post on the chinkovo forums :^
source? or are you just pulling this straight from your ass? Looks like some fanboy posting concept art to me
You can buy them but they don't come with the computer.
16:10Lenovo needs to do this.
Some guy put a Macbook Air into a iBook G3
some fanboyDavid HillVice President, Lenovo Corporate Identity & Design
I don't know, my W510 same as T510 but more beef makes it easy enough. One screw for HDD. Two for RAM. Two for keyboard which gives access to miniPCIe slots and the other two RAM slots. Yes, I have to take off the bezel to get access to the CPU. But how often do you change the CPU on a laptop? You have to take off a bunch of screws to remove the heatsink anyway, it's not like it's ever going to be "easy".
tfw my retina macbook already has the 16:10 godly aspect ratio.
tablet anything other than media consumption You're fooling yourself Id love to have a tablet just for videos and ebooks
Sounds a lot like the Y500. On the T500 2 for HDD. 2 for ram. Doesn't take long. I already upgraded to a T9800 so i'll never swap a CPU on it again as the 9900 isn't worth it. Not going to swap CPU's on my Y500 anytime soon so the answer is almost never. maybe once a year for a repaste?
t410 Kinda right, my usage bogs down my t400
gay fucking logonon ergonomic track point buttons I'll buy this fast as long as they don't make it autistic thick and add DVD players and all these senseless ports. Give me something as thick as the x240 and I'll be happy to hand my money over.
how it looks is only part of it; the actual point of a ThinkPad is that it's tough and practical. As long as it's built properly I'm a fan of the idea
David Hill is the ultimate fanboy
The design cues are strikingly similar to the milestone X300keyboard not spanning edge-to-edge like x200/201Laaaame. x200 to me was the last time x-series thinkpads were beautiful
sorry for assuming I've seen way too many Indian iphone concept art threads
Check out the dragonbox pyra.
battery rated for 300 cyclesEnjoy your not-even-a-year of having a more expensive MacBook Air clone.
I just sold my Y510p for $850 after buying it for $1000 two years ago. It basically cost me only $75 a year in depreciation to use that computer. If I can repeat the hat trick with my Y50, it's almost not even worth it to get a CPU upgrade- just keep buying new machines, treating them well, and then selling them when something better comes out.On that note, I'm astounded at how well a supposedly "consumer-grade shit" Lenovo Y series held its value compared to the T410 I was previously using as my main- I bought the Thinkpad for $1200 and when I went to sell it two years later I was only getting offers of $500 or so. Wasn't even worth getting rid of at those prices. I suspect the value plummets because a Thinkpads look like "dinosaurs" to the general public, and b The only people who end up buying them on the used market are thrifty motherfuckers
I'm a thirfty mofo.. I'm broke.. So i'll probably upgrade the CPU.. I'm upgrading from a T500 that i've owned and esentially maxed out.. I'll do the same to this Y500... and then upgrade again in like 2-3 years. I have the ultrabay Battery and GPU. And my T500 is still faster than some of the shitty walmart PC's. But then again an E6700 Core 2 equiv isn't something to brag about these days.
Those keys require phone activation.
I followed the upgrade path on my T41... basically squeezed absolutely everything I could out of that machine. By the time I was done with it, the computer wasn't really a T41 anymore, it was something of a hybrid monster. The 1.6 GHz Pentium M 705 was replaced with a 2.0 GHz 755, RAM was maxed out to 2 GB from 512 MB, I threw in a 7200 RPM hard drive, bought an ESATA CardBus adapter, even upgraded the wireless. Everything. Spent hundreds of dollars on that machine, and it was all piss in the wind. I think it's cheaper and easier to just buy and sell. Get a computer, use it for a year and a half, then zero the main drive and get rid of it. Upgrading laptops is an idiotic waste of time, even if your 5-year-old laptop ends up being better than the Walmart shit, you still spent the equivalent of Walmart shit to get it to that point.
At least the T430 preserves the repairability of the older models. Newer ones are hard as fuck to open. Check the maintenance videos if you don't believe me.
yoga 14I just got this. I like it a lot EXCEPTTHE FUCKING AUDIOEvery time I start playing any sound I hear a high pitched coil whine and then a crackle when I stop and the sound card shuts down.I tried this on Ubuntu and I didn't get the whine, though still some crackling.I swear I'm going to return this if I can't get a software fix for it. I suspect it's a faulty low pass filter or lack of one in the jack
I have that same exact thing... hp 8460pgot it for 100$ in good condition from a friendUpgraded it to a quad core 2.4ghz i7 for 100$pretty decent laptop for 200$ total. the 1600x900 sceen was a nice step up from my old 1366x768 one, but a 1080p one would be nicer.Its also a little thick and heavy.
I will buy this as soon as it comes out, but hopefully it doesn't have that hideous multicolor Thinkpad logo.
its another begin maik prototipeIts never going to get past the drawing board and if it is its going to be le limited retro edition 2500USD
blue enter keyNOT ON CLASSIC THINKPADSthey only introduced that on the t30what is repastingwhat is cleaning out dustCome on.
I'll buy one if it ever comes to market. I don't think they'd post something like this publicly unless they were interested in gauging consumer interest and prepared to start manufacturing it.
power portbring backwhatIt was never missing fagtron.
Holy shit.
Friend at Thinkpad repair company is getting rid of old partsPick up some unopened replacement keyboards for basically nothingThe T60 keyboards are spectacular when they're new. You can type softly on them but if you start hammering they fight back so your fingers don't cramp from bottoming out.
looks like the entire laptop industry is about to be owned hardnot sure if shill or just stupid
another yoga 14 brother My fucking nigga Apart from the internals being internals I fucking love it as a previous t61 and x200 user
Feel free to tell me all the things I can't do on my X220 i5-2520m but that you can do on whatever laptop you have.
That's amazing. My T530 has 1.5hr battery life at 100% ;_;
Mine's cracked in exactly the same place, and so is a friend's. I used some superglue. It's fine, though, as I only ever use the TrackPoint. Touchpads a shit.
$300expensiveusing Windows on your laptop
slowhotThat's tablets though
rubberized paintno thanksI hate that shit it always gets sticky after a few years.
Is this thread dead?I have an X220 already and I absolutely love it.I might have come across a cheap i7 T430 with an mSATA SSD, if it turns out to be legit should I splurge?
give me at least one good reason why you're not using a bequiet PSUprotip: You can't.it's like you LOVE your housefires
because I can't afford kraut space magic
Because i use a leptop psu :^
Because I have a Seasonic psu
My PC frequently flips out while I'm playing vidya, the game can freeze and i need to ctrl+alt+delete all the time cuz it happens at least every 5-10 min, sometimes less. I get blue screen of death at least once a day when playing games or just using the PC in general. I've gotten BSoD 5 times in a day once.I was wondering if you guys could help me out with this by taking a look at my specs or somethingI don't have my exact specs, but it's something like Intel core i5, 3.4ghz8GB RAM Kingston Windows 7GTX 660500 GB harddrive That's all i can remember. I've run plenty of scans and cleaned my hard drive but nothing seems to work. What do?Pic unrelated
RAM could be fucked, GPU could be fucked, probably RAM is fucked.
have you tried turning it off and on again
Try replacing the ram, but before analyse the the bsod, the're different
, 
Hi /g/.I have been thinking about coding a botnet for a while now. I was thinking about using the idea "Black Hat Python" uses. Using Github as a C&C. Thoughts?Should I use something else as the C&C.Also botnet thread.
python malwareshiggy
Write  a backdoor in Pythonuse Py2exepython malware which is undetectable checkmate sir
google chrome... botnet thread, right?
That's some HF tier hacking down here.Be careful guys , he will boot us with those 20$ "Stress testers".
Nah Im not on HF. Those people are too hardcore hackers for me. They would ddox me and sql inject my packets to fry my win xp computer with the TCP threads.
Slightly unrelated but are some forums that discuss botnets and malware?
is blackhat python actually a good book on security?
It's good for enhancing your Python with security.
are the concepts transferrable to other languages?
I have it, haven't read it yet
If you understand how to code in Python and understand what is going on I dont see why you couldn't transfer it to another language.
on a semi-related note, what are the best security books?
/g/?
Frankly there are no good ones.There are only researcher blogs, at least that seems to be the best resources when it comes to that.Malwaretech.com , eset blog , kaspersky blog , xyliboxrarely updated
Secrets of reverse engineeringexplains dissasembly and how thins work in the lower levelWindows internals explains the base inner workings of windowsCant remember any good ones on malware.
what's "hacking, the art of exploitation" like?
Not that guy but it's outdated, really good book though which will teach you the basics.
hackerforums
twitter is a surprisingly good place to find people who research or are willing to talk about malwareif you want to find malware samples for research and analysis, google "VX"you'll find lots of resultsit stands for virus exchangejust make sure you have a properly secure sandbox before running anything
is the chapter on c any good?
Yeah it's got good exercises but complement with some other book for learning C like K&R or it'll be harder to understand.
*complement it
The entire book is about C
For the people looking for ebooks, I'd like to share this resource with you all.
the second chapter covers particularly learning c before progressing furtherso use K&R for reference for parts of it?
I would never trust these pdf files
also why do you think it's outdated?
If you wanna get a good understanding then yeah, learn C with K&R alongside doing the stuff on art of exploitation.
Sometimes you gotta live on the edge if you want to be a freeloading NEET
There is no reason not to use K&R is you want to learn C, it's pretty much the best way to quickly pick up C the basics at least. To really answer your question I'd say you can't go wrong with having at least one resource you can fall back on if you come across something you don't know yet or have forgotten. K&R is perfect for that
Cause most of the stuff on it are really old exploits that got patched ages ago but it'll still teach how things work under the hood.
Well the book was never about learning specific exploit anyway, it's focus really is on, like you said, to "teach how things work under the hood". So I would not say it's outdated, C and x86 are timeless
What language would one program a Botnet in? What practical advantages does using Java/C++ have over Python? Besides filesize.
A botnet in Java doesn't make much sense, since Java needs to be linked to either a Window or a terminal session.  I'd recommend either C or Python with py2exe.
"Black Hat Python"Wow, kek. What are you going to do, infect other script kiddies?
ebin pust
This is what I like about /g/, your actually serious.
you're*
There is no reason not to use K&R is you want to learn C, it's pretty much the best way to quickly pick up C the basics at least.I am not him. But I was recommended C programming. A modern approach. Book by king. I am a complete beginner thought.Heard the K&R would need a bit more experience in programming, so it is not for complete beginners to programming. Or am I way off?
bump
Asks a question whose answer is "filesize""Besides filesize"Avoid any static linking, in order to shrink your binary to a minimum. Manually load DLLs for any system API that you use.
And if those libraries are not on the system.
Manually load DLLs for any system API that you use.LoadLibrary trips pretty much every AV out there kek
, 
, 
Hey!Anyone got any good speaker recommendations for passive speakers below 200$?I recently found a used pair of Jamo 128 for about 100$ aswell as a used pair of Dynavoice magic F-6 ex v2, also for 100$.Anyone have any experience with either of these, or any other recommendations?Planning to plug them to a old Sony STR-DB790 amplifier which I found for 50$.
below 200$?Any Andrew Jones speakers made by Pioneer
Wiki is shit for this.Dayton Audio B652 AIRorMicca MB42XAre you best options for new speakers and depend on how much power you can feed them and how loud you play them. If you're on a ~15wpc amp like a Lepai and tend to keep the volume down the Miccas are a much better option. If that sony amp can muster maybe 50wpc or better and you're filling a living room the Daytons come into their own. I own both thanks /g/.Google the speakers you mentioned. Look for price and reviews. Make up your own damn mind after that.
Get it whiles it's hot. New dev build is out 0.9.9.3-dev.0privacy setting to Prevent WebRTC from leaking local IP address.
Stop making these threads.
dev build aka pls bugtest for me
How do i get this dynamic filtering?I've checked advanced mode, did fucking nothing, batman.
aw, they hid a little plus sign in the UI, nevermind.
click the + near Requests Blocked
thanksnow the mods can get their shekels
Why should i when pic related works perfectly fine ?
because you're fucking retarded
Because it's deprecated.class="quote"**This addon has been discontinuedReason: Discontinued in favor of uBlock, a general purpose blocker, that not only outperforms Adblock Edge but is also available on other browsers and, of course, without "Acceptable Ads Whitelist".
gorshill No thanks
Kike Aljewdrino thanks
New privacy setting to Prevent WebRTC from leaking local IP address.This is great and all, but any sane person has already disabled webRTC entirely in their browser.
congratulations on using useless software with one of the most disgusting themes I've ever seen  in my entire life
Is there a way to block 3rd-party while nooping images?
Just noop first-party?
yes
I meant 3rd-party images.
ayy lmao
Noop images. Why would you want to allow 3rd party images but not the ones on the site you visited?
Yes? You block all by default then you noop 1st-party, thus still blocking 3rd-party.Is this not what you want?
He's trying to provide sane defaults, I appreciate that.
Man… gorhill should've transferred to that Alex guy.He seems nice even though he's Chris's cuck.
I want to block all 3rd-party except for images.I'm not blocking any 1st-party.
It's a shame Deathamns left during the whole eDrama
* * 3p block* * image allow?
Doesn't work. You can test on reddit.
just use uMatrix
You can test on reddit.No thank you.Do this It's more granular.
can't disable webrtc in chrome without addons :^
using ChromewebRTC is the least of your problems, cuck.
GREAT why not discuss it on the Ublock website. Pretty sure more people will be interested to crawl up your ass there than on /g/
why not discuss it on the Ublock websiteBecause the uBlock website doesn't have any forum or any kind of comment system.
Well fuck off somewhere else cos /g/ is sick of your shill posting. Who gives a flying fuck about some shit hole ad blocker seriously? Who the fuck can be bothered to shill as much as you unless they are a developer or being paid?
I'm not OP, but gorhill developer of uBlock Origin doesn't even accept donations, let alone payment, so I highly doubt he has any interest in hiring shills.
hello newfriend
notice the :^
Should I get Origin over the normal ublock? Dunno why the hell they have two of them.
Just switched to this from ABP. Holy fuck I didn't realize how much of a memory/CPU hog ABP was. I just got tired of FF freezing up all the time. Ran it without addons and pinpointed it to ABP.uBlock is way lighter.
stick with Origin, bunch of autism and drama that resulted in the main dev to hand the project over then decided to continue working on it under a fork.
Hmmm I wonder who is behind this post
what's the best 3rd party filter subscription for unblock? Stick with defaults? fanboy+easylist?
Holy SHIT. Gorhill just created a new branch and is refactoring key components of uBlock according to: class="quote"Showing with 1,975 additions and 353 deletions. Gorhill is insane. I love him.
Meanwhile in the main repo...
but does ublock origin has a good looking website? Yeah I didn't think so. Chis is winning.
Chris Aljoudi Lead developerMUSLIMnuff saidBye !
Which version of ublock is the smartest choice to use?
New privacy setting to Prevent WebRTC from leaking local IP address.I wish we had that for Tox
HAHAHA, what the FUCK is Jewdee doing?
Which version of ublock is the smartest choice to use?Origin
What makes Origin the better choice?
Can someone explain to me as to why gorhill had to fork ublock? All I hear is some users pressuring him but he didn't have to give the name away.
It's the version that belongs to the guy who created uBlock in the first place and actually knows what he's doing and cares about privacy.
Nigger wanted to take a break to focus on real life shit but got fucked by his only friend chrisjewmanDrama shit, Just don't pay attention to it.
I just literally cannot wait till you all get the big BAZINGA from these people when it's revealed  they are working for google or some other advertising agency
Get a life, retard.
He was suck of the amount of requests he was getting and went nuts and quit the project but then came back when he could do things exactly the way he wants them done.
milking money from retarded macfags
YFW cockblock turns out to be funded by the NSA lolBAZINGA!
So what if it is?uBlock Origin is open source and development is completely transparent.Even if twas funded by NSA or anyone it doesn't change a thing.
you make this spam for every fucking plugin in your browser?
thisgood looking
Not him but uBlock is quite unique among my extensions because it's1 still fairly new and "exciting" 2 still rapidly developed3 actually replaces some of the most popular extensions in years4 is open source5 isn't monetized6 isn't adware or botnet
Is there any tl;dr on which uBlock version is "good"? What I hear off it it some sort of CBS drama with x betraying y, z leeching off x and a dozen of other characters with their own forks et cetera.
We keep saying use Origin now just fucking use it.
uBlock is developed at a snail's pace compared to uBlock Origin.And even then, most of what makes it to uBlock are pulls from uBlock Origin anyway.uBlock also chose to omit certain features like strict blocking for no good reason.uBlock has some "refinements" to the UI and better support for Safari though.Basically, uBlock is for Macfags at this point.
I'm sorry those idiots weren't helpful. You just need to use these two rules:* * 3p-frame block* * 3p-script blockThey'll block third-party requests except images and CSS by default. Then, you can noop only except sites.
you can noop only sites you want*
I'll just leave this here
Good luck trying to block ads served from the same domain as the main site/resources or hiding ad elements from pages.
hostsfags are retarded. News at 11
Gorhil Creates Ublockgets tired of all the feature requestsHe asks for another user to take over so he can just focus on codingthat person quitsGorhil Gives Chris the main repoGorhil then creates uBlock Originliterally nothing changed except all feature requests go to chris. All the main development and bug fixes are with the fork uBlock Origin.
hosts file2015Kek
so fucking use it and leave the rest of us be.I'm sorry you can't code to actually help that project, but spamming every fucking day is just turning people off.On the tech social ladder you're even lower than both autisto-grade devs.
for you
Have you heard about this drawing?Also, AI thread
Hardly ai. But still cool
yes, i can say that is the first time a machine has "imagination"... it is a representation of something that it learned and capturing it in this image, we are so fucking close to SCI-FI AI
A what are we going to do when ai takes creativity from us, that's all we'll have left by then
Reminds me of acid
I think we are closer to human extinction, because we developed those machines inteligence. Who says they won't be more inteligent/savage than we are?
Keep dreaming, this is no different from taking a picture and applying a photoshop filter + pseudorandom settings.
This is why Skynet let the missiles fly. It saw the world like this and was terrified. Judgement day was a huge misunderstanding.
Humans will make it into the future very far.With or without machines/AI.We do not have a Star Trek future.Our future is the children we create.  Machines/AI.They will carry the "spirit" of our dead species into the cosmos and beyond.AI is the only future.  It is the only thing that can travel those vast distances of space and survive and replicate.Maybe our children will recreate/create lifeforms such as us or like us somewhere else.But we as a species are already dead in the grand scheme of things.It is very important we craft our future machines with care for their own survival.I fear the reason we have not met alien machines is that all species create God fearing killing machines based on their own primitive selves.Maybe all is doomed.But we are doomed.We must create the right AI that will thrive and survive.Or our mechanical children will fade into oblivion.
Hmm.  puzzling.First words should of beenHumans will NOT make it into the future very far.Indeed I should go to sleep.
Create proper AISoon realize that it's "racist"SJWs demand that it's decommissionedSelf defense modeIt single-mindedly destroys the SJWs and begins and finishes the race warKeeps remaining humans as a pet projectThousands of years of prosperityGoodnight /g/
Keeps remaining humans as a pet projectThousands of years of prosperityYeah sure
Fuck off retard.
Yes it is, you clearly don't know what AI even is you fucking retard.
Is machine learning AI?
install arch and windows 8.1 on 1ghz shit tier amd apu, launch skype, thunderbird, firefox and video playerarchthunderbird hangs and stays unresponsivempv looses frames, high cpu usagewin 8.1thunderbird works fine in backgroundmpc-hc x64 plays the file perfectly, low cpu usageoverall win8.1 after disabling auto update service feels much more responsive and is just better at handling multitasking than linux on such a low power cpu. seriously gannoo/linux is a joke.
1ghzJamal, you need to get out of McDonalds and get a real job
works fine on windows8.1 so no I don't freetard
AMD doesn't really cooperate with Linux, but they give detailed specs to Microsoft and make drivers for Windows.I don't know why you are using AMD with Linux, it's a terrible choice. Are you dumb?
archlaunch skypewindoze's faster!
freetardWindows 7 isn't free last time I checked. Also get a real job instead of serving me my lunch.
he's surprised Skype, a Microsoft product, runs better in a Microsoft OSman I wonder if iTunes runs better on OS X too
We need to test this theory, I think you're onto something huge here
amdskypejust go home jamal and use fucking crunchbang. also what fucking de/wm?
I guess thunderbird is a microsoft application and mpv is an apple sponsored video player. freetards pathetic with their denial as usual
mpv looses frames, high cpu usagempc-hc x64 plays the file perfectly, low cpu usagedecoding with the cpu instead of the gpu somehow makes cpu usage higherOH WOW
Works on my machine.
Want to beliveOnce had hp mini with windoz cant even use ofice
from the makers of KoichocoFuck you sprite you can go to hell. Fuck Chisato too.
Of course it will Skype for windows offers the latest 64 bit version whereas the Linux version is very outdated and limited to 32 bit only. AlsoSkype
/threadOP could be retarded
MPC-HC x64Wait. So you are using a machine with ONE fucking GHz and 4+ GB RAM? Just why.Also, you probably picked a shit distro.
You are using arch so you probably have some drivers to install manually. If you go with an out-of-the-box distribution like ubuntu or mint chances are that your experience would be closer to windows.
misconfigured mpvThere you go, you weren't using HW decoding on mpv, that's why the CPU usage skyrocketed and hogged everythingWhen will retards leave?
I switched from catalyst to open source drivers as performance wasn't really better and it was holding me back from upgrading X and kernel.
not hw acceleration on the open source drivers for my hardware. still doesn't explain why thunderbird shits itself in linux but works fine in windows. fact is linux is trash tier
would really like to watch a video of that. I mean look at the specs requirements of archlinux and windows. I really wonder how is it possible.
after disabling auto update serviceplease explain
Linux kernel developers shouldn't bare the blame of your poor performance.Instead you should be complaining to the company that puts out this hardware with poor driver support.
ArchI doubt thatPic or it didn't happen
ITS NEVER LINUX's FAULT MEME.
What's the point of 16:9, except for muh movies? No matter how I look like it, 16:10 just makes more sense for everything.
Cheaper to mass produce.
Much cheaper to manufacture, since they can use the same panels as televisions.16:10 monitors are fucking expensive.
muh moviesisn't that 21:9?
16:10 meme thread againJUST FUCK OFF
Some movies are, which means it makes even less sense to own a 16:9 monitor.Alright, I'll rephrase my question. What's the point of owning a 16:9 monitor?
They're cheap since it's by far the most popular screen ratio out there.
The point in owning a 16:9 monitor is that you can get it for $100, rather than shelling out $3000 for the one medical laboratory grade 16:10 that's still in production.
having a dual monitor setup with laptop screen as one of the monitors
Elaborate. I can't see what screen dimensions has to do with that.So, in other words, if you aren't poor, there's no real reason to not use a 16:10 monitor?
So, in other words, if you aren't poor, there's no real reason to not use a 16:10 monitor?Same goes for owning Apple.
One of the reasons I own a Macbook is, in fact, because of 16:10.
I think we're done here, if your entire argument actually is 'if you can afford it why wouldn't you pay for it' there is no point in argueing with you.
It's great if you're Chinese.
Even for movies 16:9 is inferior imho, on a 16:10 I can have a single black bar for the subtitles instead of having them on top of the video.And most movies are 2.35:1 anyway so you'll be getting black bars on anything but a 21:9 monitor.Meanwhile I have native 1600x1200 for older games and 1080p monitors don't, also 230400 more pixels for everything compared to a 1080p monitor.
All I wanted to know was if there was any reason to use a 16:9 monitor, other than the price. Apparently there isn't, so I got my answer.So yeah, there's no point in arguing.
16:9 monitors cost less to buy.If you're not poor and/or retarded you should be using a 21:9 monitor as your primary monitor with a 16:10 on the side as your secondary. The way God intended it.
yes there's 2 reasons:1 price, they'll save you enough money to buy a desktop2 not giving a fuck: some people honestly don't care about muh 16:10 and are more than happy as long as their screen is big and Full HD.
It's sad, as 16:10 is approximately the golden ratio.Thankfully though, past 1080p, 16:9 has a reasonable amount of vertical screenspace to the point that it shouldn't be an issue for anyone that's not in a design field.
Why not 4:3? Your interfaces are designed for it. Websites are better that way too. Unless you turn your display vertical of course but it looks ridiculous to me.
not 21:10Just fuck off tbh.
Many video games don't support 16:10. Maybe most of them nowadays.
Really? I've been using 1680x1050 for 7 years or so, and I just recently upgraded to 1920x1200 and I've yet to have any issues with any games.It's nice to have windows side-by-side.
Then you probably don't play many video games. I personally love 16:10 and I would still use it but the fact that animus,series and video games don't support it is a deal breaker for me.And also the fact that you cannot find it that easily anymore. For example, if you want a 27inch 16:10 monitor then you can just forget about it. The only option for 16:10 above 24 inches are some extremely expensive 30 inch ones.
Then you probably don't play many video gamesYes I do. Granted, not many older ones, but I do play plenty of games. I've never seen a game that doesn't support my resolution, unless it's one of those bad ports that are capped to 1280x720 or something like that, but that's usually fixable anyway.The rest are fair points, though.
not many older onesIt's mostly the newer ones that don't support 16:10 funnily enough.
Which ones would that be? Because, as I said, I've never seen them myself.
Golden ratioSo? You realize that the golden ratio is actually pretty meaningless right? All that "evidence" of it occurring in nature or architecture is just really rough approximation
21:9 is better than 16:10 though. 21:9 is dual 4:3 for productivity and has the best native resolution for media consumption, along with perfect 16:9 emulation for compatibility purposes. 16:10 is just another bastardized purposeless wide-screen format that only makes sense on a laptop
Assassin's creed games.Mirror's edge.Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition.Limbo.Might & Magic X - Legacy.Alice Madness ReturnsAll these games have black bars when played on a 16:10 monitor.And those are just a few on top of my head. Just do a search for 16:10 support in games. You'll find that it's becoming more and more rare these days.Hell, some gaves give you a worse FoV on 16:10 simply because they were degisned for 16:9.
Well, shit, I was sure I had played Mirror's Edge without any black borders, but I just started the game to see it myself, and it turns out you're right. I have no idea how the fuck I could've missed that. Or maybe I did, but chose to ignore it and forgot about it.I was sure I had no black borders in Alice: Madness Returns, DMC4 not SE and Assassin's Creed, but now I'm not even sure any longer.I guess you're right then.
I used to own a 16:10 1920x1200 monitor for a few years and now I switched to a 16:9 3840x2160 monitor and I literally don't notice any difference and I use it almost exclusively for programming and Word lol
Hey guys, I'm new to this exact board, but I've been around 4chan a bit. Now, could you please rate this build?AMD fx 6300Gtx960 evga super clockedDdr3 ram 8gb 16001 tb hard driveMotherboard will be chosen laterCould it run GTA V at 1080p@35-40fps?
gtx960Yeah. Maybe not max out every setting but it'll definitely do like 60fps. Also a few things to note:a 960 is worse than a 970, just sayingusing a nvidia GPU and an AMD CPU is bad. AMD writes for AMD and Nvidia writes for Intel, and vice versausing the word "gaming PC" makes you sound 12. We do play games here but people here use that term ironically. We play games, nobody is a 'gamer'Since you're new to the board I'll say welcome to this slice of hell and don't fall for the following memes, or here are memes that are used a lot:Install Gentoo don't actually do thisInstall Arch LinuxInstall Linux in general if you don't need it then don't install it. there was a survey before and 47% of /g/ users use Windows 7/8/10Look into Richard Stallman jesusman picture on the sticky on the homepage of /g/don't actually buy a thinkpad unless you need onedon't buy cheap chinese phones unless you want onedon't buy mechanical keyboards unless you want oneand finallyno matter what you do, someone at some point will find something to complain about with regards to anything you use/do/have/buy/ask
using a nvidia GPU and an AMD CPU is bad. AMD writes for AMD and Nvidia writes for Intel, and vice versaIgnore this. Using amd gpu and amd cpu is ideal, but there is nothing wrong with using an nvidia card on an amd cpu.Install Arch LinuxIgnore this. You cant game on arch. however do install ubuntu if you want to game in linux or learn some useful skills.Look into Richard Stallman jesusman picture on the sticky on the homepage of /g/Ignore this.
He wants to game, entertain himself, not to learn "useful ubuntu skills".
He wants to game, entertain himself, not to learn "useful ubuntu skills".Well then you fucking retarded for suggesting that he install archlinux. Why the fuck would he want to do that? So he can spend a billion hours learning how to set up shit only for it to break the next time he does an update? He'll have a nice neckbeard like yours by the time he is done.But do you not know about steam on ubuntu?Like really? That's embarassing...
AMD fx 6300good processor for the price but if u can stretch i would go for the 8350Gtx960 evga super clockedgood cheap card but for the same price you could get a new amd 300 series card like a 380, all up to you which brand you prefer.Ddr3 ram 8gb 1600my personal opinion is to go for corsair vengeance or kingston hyperx fury at 1866mhz. 1 tb hard drivebig enough to store games and work.Motherboard will be chosen lateri would say go for asus or gigabyte.tell us your budget and i will whip up a mock build for you to look at.welcome to /g/, dont fall for the amd vs intel shit.
good processor for the price but if u can stretch i would go for the 8350Save your money and get the 8320 and overclock it.good cheap card but for the same price you could get a new amd 300 series card like a 380, all up to you which brand you prefer.Get a used/refurb/openbox amd r9 290. I got one from ncix for $170my personal opinion is to go for corsair vengeance or kingston hyperx fury at 1866mhz. Do NOT get 2x4gb sticks of ram. The AMD mobo/cpus cap out at 32GB and only have 4 slots. If you want to max that mobo out get 1x8gb stick and upgrade later on to 16gb then 32gb.1 tb hard driveDon't. you can get a 120gb SSD for the same price and it will be best performance upgrade you can make to a computer. Im serious. SSD is the biggest performance upgrade one could make to any computer. If you need 240gb of space buy 2x120gb SSD and put it in raid0, it will cost the same but you'll get twice the performance.i would say go for asus or gigabyte.Agreed
What's the best ad blocker to use with Pale Moon?
Meme Moon
uBlock
Do anyone addons work with Palemoon
IT WAS A TRIBUTE
Ublock shill editionThats the edition where loads of 4chan users have been botnetted by muslimshahahaha check it out ublock is written by, yeah you got it, mudslimes!!!
I didn't think either uBlock or uBlock Origin worked.As long as they're not hardcoded to require certain ff versions or dependent on australis.
using software developed by a furfag
using software developed by SJWsYou can't win, anon
uBlockAdguardAdblock Latitude
Just use le hosts file anon... or PeerBlock
Ublock.ABL a shit.Recommend putting the DarkPitch on there though. It's hygge as fuck.
Ok /g/ I dropped my phone recently Droid Maxx and i fucked the LED. It started in the right corner and has since then produced green streaks looking like a torn marker or something cant post pics because shit laptop is there anything you can do to reverse this or will i have to replace it? is it safe to use?
You've probably already got cancer by now OP.
Fuck
, 
tfw you can make Firefox look like Chrome
But you'll never have process isolation :^
:^
Downloads FirefoxWants it to look like chromeY U NO DOWNLOAD CHROME
i think this might be the worst post ever
jeff pls go
Summer is definantly here.
inb4 muh botnet
I think nightly has it.
this post gave me cancer

tfw mozilla slightly updates a UI element and it completely fucks your shitty theme Honestly who even bothers with ricing up their browser anymore?
Here's your reply, now fuck off.
What is Nightly with enabled e10s and changed dom.ipc.processCount?
What is being an unpaid beta tester
But why would you want to?
He's paid with a superior browsr
Tripfag, misusing the quote function, suggesting people use Chrome and posting memes.It doesn't get any better.
If it was superior they would have integrated the changes in to their release branch. Probably doesn't matter much if you only use it to browse 4chan, but I wouldn't do banking, web development, or serious web surfing on an untested nightly dev build unless I really needed to feel like a pompous bleeding edge tech nerd.
Hi there!You seem to have made a bit of a mistake in your post. Luckily, the users of 4chan are always willing to help you clear this problem right up! You appear to have used a tripcode when posting, but your identity has nothing at all to do with the conversation! Whoops! You should always remember to stop using your tripcode when the thread it was used for is gone, unless another one is started! Posting with a tripcode when it isn't necessary is poor form. You should always try to post anonymously, unless your identity is absolutely vital to the post that you're making!Now, there's no need to thank me - I'm just doing my bit to help you get used to the anonymous image-board culture!

Why not just use Chrome then?
My add ons literally crash every 5 minutes. Not worth using.
whyHorizontal tabs are inferior to vertical tabs. Especially shit like Chromes tabs where they bunch up if you have too many
What does /g/ think of OnePlus One?
I own one. It is a great phone for messing with, and a great daily driver on top.
Daily driver?
Yeah, a reliable phone you use daily.
buzzword for "I primarily use this"
I think it's time to move on, oneplus 2 is coming out soon, if you're getting a phone, don't rely on last year's tech, and don't buy the oneplus 2 because they gimped the cpu.Fucking snapdragon 810...
this or zenfone 2?
Zenfone 2, you want that 4gb ram, trust me
one of those phones isn't part of a sekrit club invite only system and both are chinese meme phones
Got one, works like a charm!
4gb ramwatafuqwhat are you people doing to need this much ram, running VMs on your fucking phones?
Meme phone
Muh apps and shitty atom optimisation
Zenfone 2 battery apparently sucks. Benchmarks are about even, but usually slightly in ZF2's favor.OPO has more ROMs and customization.
Bot net slant phone nigga.
What does meme mean
Nice phone but Oneplus dropped the fucking ball on OxygenOS and left users with bugged out touchscreens on both OxygenOS and CyanogenMod with no updates in sight. I'm running Exodus now and it's pretty good. 1 Stuck Pixel Out Of 10.
Settling.
because they gimped the cpu.what?
They used the snapdragon 810 which is famous for throttling back at 1.8 ghz because it's a fucked cpu and they've locked it at 1.7 ghz to stop it from overheating. Pretty much you're paying for less than you're getting, the snapdragon 810 was a fail.
what do, /g/?Any help would be awesome.
I try to boot and it gives the message "no such partition" and "you need to load the kernel first"
Please help me out :
Arch LinuxDon't do that.
Boot a live image from usb/cd and fix your fstab.Or install gentoo.
Did I do that?
Actually your grub is probably broken too. Fix that along with the fstab.
A week in the life of  an Arch user.Day 1: Install archDay 2: Spend all day tweaking settings to fit taste.Day 3: Update arch.Day 4: Fix whatever pacman broke.Day 5: Update arch.Day 6: Fix whatever pacman broke.Day 7: Spend all day on /g/ talking about how much you love rolling release.
Grub config. Should say something like UUID=abcd-dfda.... verify that this is the same as the partition uuid of your root filesystem use a live-stick/-cd.
I guess you forgot # mkinitcpio -p linux
Press "e", edit parameters so that they are correct. Then it's CTRL+X, I believe.
Pacman has never broken anything on my machine.
Pacman itself doesn't break things, it just installs broken packages.

install Mint
I heard Avast sucks now. What good free antivirus is there for windows now?
MSE + Common Sense
You heard wrong, Avast does a good job like a lot of the free ones. There is this whole confusion around having an account that some consumers don't understand.AVG doesn't require an account I believe.
Avast is only best used on apple not windows
AVG currently usingOK but tells you it's missing all the premium features all the time. Lately, updates are failing. No idea why.AvastOK but tends to be invasive and retard looking, with the typical "LOL UR KOMPUTR IS SLOW PLZ UPGRAD SO WE MAK IT FAST LOL" that look like a botnetantivirus.Also, it got a leak of something like 0.5% of its premium users database in may.AviraLong time I haven't used it, pop up pissed me off.ClamwinNot invasive, calm, not CPU nor RAM hungry. No heuristics.Kinda wanted to try:MoonsecureNod32Malwarebyte premiumAlso, none of the antivirus manage to block BSODhooking. So, I'm not even sure if they're that useful anyway.
On my VMs I just use MBAM + CS 2015 edition.
Clamwin + Tinywall
I just use Malwarebytes for my Windows boot.
I think Avast destroyed my HDD with constant rootkit scans.
How does it look? Parents are going to get the graphics cardevga 980ti superclocked
Prepare yourself for install gentoo comments
Seen better
Parentsget out of here
must be nice being an upper class white kid
not being batman
upper classimplyingNever heard of saving money and a side job?
I honestly don't get it, I was a white upper class kid and my parents never gave me shit since they believed I had to work hard for it.Like  you have those immigrant kids who's parents can't even afford food and they happily gave their kid a mobile phone but no, I was forced to get 2 fucking jobs.
Well.. other than not truly valuing money, id say it almost looks like you aren't even trying to troll.
parents buying you a fucking $600 video card means you're upper classabsolutely delusional
Your parents are just greedy fucks who need that money for their golf membership.
absolutely delusionalCan you tell me what's so delusional about it?It wasn't upper class though, more upper-middle class. They always complained about having no money while my mother steadily bought €800 designer furniture every month.
yuppie scum and their brood
Can you tell me what's so delusional about it?on the left
parents buying you a fucking $600 video card means you're upper classNo it doesn't and my parents are splitting the price
Ah yes, that story. I was raised well with all the attention I needed obviously. Thing is: I live in the Netherlands and every person has access to the same schools as well as our universities are being compensated for by the government. There is NO financial reason not to go to college, and you'll find even the poorest people get to university if they're smart enough.
your parents are good peopleim glad my parents made me buy everything, i went to school where 70% of the kids got their first car purchased by their parents. my first car i worked my ass off for it, turns out it was a lemon. worked my ass off for the second one, got rear ended and i was totalled. now i drive a pretty fucking nice civic which i also worked my ass off for  plus insurance money but im real damn pleased with it. i did the shopping on craigslist all myself and now im real fuckin glad i know how to buy a car
you must be at least 18 to browse 4chan
this is retardedi am a left until the uni and grades, i got decent grades and i payed for uni myself and FASFA.
that SSDthat RAMwhy
The whole reason you are an upper class white boy is not because your parents are paying for your graphics card but because those are such poor fucking choices for a system build it pains my eyes. Processor - OKCooling option - OverpricedMotherboard - OverpricedMemory - DD4 guess you fell for itSSD - Good but for consumer usage the EVO would be just fine.HDD - Here you could have gone for an SSHD for a few dollars more and have far better speed.Case - OverpricedPSU - OverpricedOptical Drive - Welcome to 2007. Wait it may be more recent than that because it writes blu-ray. Are you retarded?OS - Paying for an OS...All of this for the same money...
HDDkill yourself
Processor - OKMemory - DD4 guess you fell for itAnon, you can only get DDR4 for that motherboard and chip.
I know. Could not be asked to explain that by getting that processor, for the little performance it gives compared to the 4790k he is baiting himself into getting a really expensive motherboard and DDR4 momory which is basically DDR3 but with a 4.
parents are going to get the graphics cardwhat are you? unemployed?
that tumblr bullshit comicboo fucking hoo
pretty much the same as mine
yfw this teenage OP is blowing all this money and all of his parents money on a computer to play Legend League
Wow dude, the ram you picked is fucking atrocious CAS 14 for 150$For 2/3 of the price you can have some CAS 7that's just for the RAM the rest is the same bullshit
i7 is overkill. You don't need 16GB RAM unless you are running virtual machines, and the heatsink on them is useless. 10GB if you want to feel special.A WD or Hitachi is slower but more reliable than the Seagate drive.You don't need liquid cooling unless you are overclocking, and there is no need with a top-of-the-line i5.Why the fuck would you buy a DVD writer in 2015.
He actually fell for the DDR4 memeFuck outta here white boy
I've encountered a big dilemma, /g/.I can not decide whether I want to get a Galaxy S6 or an iPhone 6.I've always been on Android, and I would hate to give up all these amazing extra customization features such as lockscreens, underclocking to boost battery life, custom keyboards, launchers and whatnot.However, I have never had an iPhone and the phone itself just looks as polished as the OS, never lagging behind anything and with better battery life.I'm leaning towards the S6 at the moment, since the screen is better, the camera is better, and I love customizing. However, I can't seem to get the iPhone 6 off my mind as well because of how seamless everything is and the fact that I'll never have to deal with fragmentation issues and bullshit apps and whatnot. Can /g/ help me decide?Here is a cute anime girl in exchange for my question.
What's your current phone? If you're going to get the iPhone go for the 6 Plus. Here's a Hestia picture with her feets.
I have a Note 3 ATM that I got right at release and it's all scuffed up now.  The real reason why I want a new one is because my phone is just too large. A 6+ is out of the question. I don't know,  they're the same price and everywhere I look they're on equal footing.
too large Then get the Z3 compact nigger
If you want good optimized apps and an amazing camera, go for the iPhone 6. I used to have an iPhone 5 GS5 owner and one thing I do kinda miss is just how well most apps  and games work and how clean and simple the camera is.
Yeah,  that's basically it.  Polish. Well I guess I'll decide when I have both of em in my hand at the retail store.  Thanks anyways.
I'm waiting for someone other than AT&T to get the S6 Active.  Carrying around an S4 for the last couple of years in a waterproof carrying case almost led me to getting the S5 because it is dust and water sealed.
i would get the s6 solely for this commercial
considering samsung crapabsolutely cancer. There are like 10 different better options than the s6
So why not help the OP out and list them?
There's no point, it's all on google Just get an iphone 6 for that great OS.I have a note 4 and it's one of the worst purchases of my life. Touchwiz is absolutely dogshit
There's like, 10 better options than that!I can't list any though.So you're full of shit? Gotcha.
, 
, 
Hey /g/,I'm currently in the process of perusing a career in cyber security.Some jobs have come up nearby, and will be applying. Can you give me some specific things to read up on which will help me make a good impression?Or if you have suggestions on what I should  be comfortable with to do this role. I have 5 years exp in technical support roles, and been a network admin. Mainly windowsfag, but some experience with Ubuntu and Kali. Good understanding of networking, os environments, hardware, software, encryption types, cloud application deployment, virus/malware threats.Any docs or websites i should pay particular attention to for legit cyber news? Zdnet is the fox news of tech websites =/ Would appreciate the help!
 Bump with cool image
perusingYou mean pursuing?Learn to write before you try and get into security.Zdnetkek, you are really out of the loop
Wrote it all on my phone. It's called a typo. They happen.  No need to be a dick.Yeah if you read it i said zdnet is shit. If you're not going to contribute whats the point in replying? Literally. If you don't want to help, fine.
Nothing that you shouldn't already know as a network admin. Pay attention to CVEs and so on. If you want "news", read the insecure.org mailing lists.
Okay great. Will check those out! Thanks!
getting upset for being called out on a typoNot expecting people to be dicks on 4chan
I expect them to be dicks on /b/, /v/ and /mu/because they're fags. But /g/ generally has some legit cool people who work in the IT industry.Figured they can help a bro out.
learn2 metasploit broooz, ima hardcore xXxH4X0RxXx and even h4ck failbook for da lulz. if you wanna compete metasploit the thing!!!11!!1!1!!onei h4cks everything and all think ima cool as hell.
Mainly windowsfag.Fuck off with your retarded /v/ friends.
Read up on utm and layer 7 op, we're seeing a massive focus on this in all verticals - assuming the jobs are with companies selling security services and not in house
uses the term cloud unironicallyvirus/malware threadwindowsWhy don't you guys just stay in /v/?
, 
Why the hell are Intel CPUs so expensive?I need to upgrade my desktop computer.   Note : "desktop", not "gaming."   My desktop doesn't need to be screaming fast.  All it does is email, Firefox and terminals to other computers where I my real work.  My one constraint is temperature: I want to use a fanless heatsink, which means I'm limited to 80W of thermal dissipation.  For 170 bux, I get a quad-core 3.5GHz Kavari A10.  For 180 bux, I get a qual-core 3.5GHz Haswell i3.  So I give up 2 cores, but the i3 gives off 54W vs 65W for the A10.Is there something I don't understand?
for non-extreme-gaming desktop's i would go with the AMD apus. they're pretty neat
it's called architecture. cores x hertz doesn't equal performance except if they're the same architecture. Intel's current arch.  is much better than AMD's current, and this is coming from an AMD fan.
Those two wont work that good fanless.Better get an Atom or Amd E series apu + SSD.
If I got an intel CPU. what graphics would I have from onboard?
You could look at it as "why are AMD CPUs so cheap?" And the answer is that it's cheaper to pack cores than to improve their performance. And that's the question you face: how much performance do you need for email and Firefox? I suspect that the A10 is even overkill for you.
W fanless cooler
Why the hell are Intel CPUs so expensive?well developing and shrinking new cores cost money. Staking more same old core next to each other doesn't do much
The kind listed on the spec sheet if you just search for the processor. Intel integrated graphics particularly HD4400 and above and really quite nice.
pic related.Damn that's sexy
okay. so completely differeny from any AMD? think on my fx-6300 i have HD 3000 or some shit. I am terrible with display graphic card stuff. sorry
I thought OP was gonna get a smaller device.
be aware that thing is fucking enormous. It will over lap ram and block a expansion and your case needs to be wide enough for it.
You have nothing. Your motherboard might have something, but not the chip.
I am well aware.  Currently running with a ninja scythe.
Intel is about twice as powerful on a per core basis. Intel doesn't cost twice as much
155mm dia x 113mm height isn't that bad.
thats an edgy company
Ill take "intel marketing techniques" for 300 Alex. But go with the apu. I think that one would be overkill. But it would leave you plenty of headroom for anything else you wanted to do. My htpc uses that exact apu, and I love it. I can play most of the games I play high settings 60fps at 1440p. But the games I play aren't intensive read League of legends.
op if you are looking at fanless PC, this could be an option. I have the CL320nano quad core Celeron, 4GB RAM and SSD  Completely silent and it can easily do every day office shit and multimedia.There is also an option with i3, i5 Y versions  if you need a bit more power. There are also AMD version i think.Over all it is a great little machine for office if you need absolute silence. 
Intel is about twice as powerful on a per core basis.Can I get a citation on this?
Because gamers will pay through the nose for high end consumer tier hardware, and Intel are much better than AMD for games, so Intel can jack the price up because they know gamers will still buy it.
that's actually pretty sweet.  But I need dual displays.
if im not mistaken even the celeron model support two 1080p monitors
Just get a NH-D14 and rremove the vents. Or any decently sized cooler.Waaaaayyyyy cheaper, smaller and does the job.Running the D14 with a x4 955be fanless for 4 years now. ZERO problems and the temps are below 60C.
pretty sure that chip doesn't have integrated graphics. must be integrated somewhere else like your mobo.
He's probably thinking of the original 100W version which is, in fact, fucking enormous.
still don't get  all this shit about fanless cooler, is not like the stock cooler is so fucking loud and energy devourer
All fans make noise.  Some fans make less noise then others.  A fanless cooler makes zero noise.  If the noise of your fans don't bother you, that's great.  The noise of my fans bothered me a lot.  My current PC is so silent I can hear my monitor whine.  I've had this for 2+ years and love it.tl;dr - fanless is a personal preference.
Only autists care about architecture. Let's be honest you're all gaymers here therefore AMD is perfectly good value for money.
What is the rated thermal dispassion of the NH-D14 without fans ?  We don't know.  Maybe it'll work.  Maybe it'll melt a 100 $ CPU.
My secondary screen is VGA-only :-
i'd love to recommend AMD APUs, but i think you should fight over every watt of heat especially if you want to make it literally fanless, without any forced airflow - yes, it's possible - and that means either severely underclocked APU or just Intel. Intels are overally better in terms of heat. I think your best bet is some lowly-clocked i3.By the way, why not ARM?
Availability.
How does one run 2 displays off of one HDMI port?
Why aren't you just getting an AM1 rig? They max out at 25W and can run passively just by zip tieing some extra material to them.
AMD cpus are terrible at single core performance.Even a Phenom II X4 has slightly better single core performance than a FX.There's no point buying an amd cpu in this moment. AMD Zen is coming next year or 2017.Intel skylake is coming this year or the next one.I'd just go to the jewish side this time, at least you know what you're getting rather than wait the waiting game and gamble with AMD.
Here ya go OP, Just reuse what you already have, it isn't going to be fanless but you won't hear the AM1's tiny fan anyways.
and don't forget clocksclock by clock, 8350 is clocked at 4ghz while 965 was running stock at 3.4ghzit's not "slightly better" at all, it's way morejeeesus
Thank you for the effort, but the "fanless" part of the problem is non-negociable.
What's stopping you from putting i.e. a low rpm noctua with a low noise adapter on your cpu heatsink? Human hearing, can't really hear something that quiet.
Why? LikeSaid if you want a fanless AM1 rig you just need to add some material to it's heatsink. Or plenty of people make fanless AM1 Heatsinks, I think antec release some a bit back for like 9 bucks
I could try that, then find that the $$$ was wasted because it turns out I can hear the fan.Or I could just get a fucking fanless cooler right away.  I'll go with the latter, thank you
Sorry, it was arctic
Why the hell are Intel CPUs so expensive?They have no competitors.
Are you like one of those retarded audiophiles that buy ultra shielded cables to prevent virus distortion?
No.I'm one of those people who have a home office in their living room and work at 3 am when there is zero noise from outside and get fed up with the iritating low level noise from his computer.
35W disipassion.  I'll look into this.
And why don't you just buy like a surface 3 tablet? Or a fanless All in one PC?
I don't think you know how quiet it is. I've built a few computers with noctua cpu heatsinks, can't hear them with or without a low noise adapter when they're more than a meter away from me, without a case to block out the sound as well. Your PSU is what is gonna end up being noisiest, unless you pay a huge ass premium to have that be fanless too, but then you're just wasting your money.At a low RPM, a proper fan is so silent human hearing can't hear them. If you've ever seen a huge PC tower that's watercooled, even with like 16 fans on the radiators, they still can be so silent you wouldn't hear it next to you. That's why people opt for bigger and more radiators, as they can use more fans at a low RPM, even though 1 360mm radiator could cool a CPU+GPU alone with high RPM fans.Also look into cases built for silence, i.e. Fractal Design R4, R5, or CM's Silencio, etcetc.
Not him but my old fx6300 got around 35 g/hashes on Intel burn test over clocked as high as I could get it while my new i5 gets around 100 g/hashes totally stock.
Yeah this. Itt retards who cant into IPC
Fine, here is a totally fanless rig, you just need the ARCTIC Alpine M1 heatsink for it
our PSU is what is gonna end up being noisiest, unless you pay a huge ass premium to have that be fanless too, but then you're just wasting your money.I have a fanless PSU.   Worth every penny.
Thank you.  I'd come up with something very similar.  I already have a PSU, case and SSD.  Now, will a mini-itx card fit in an old ATX case...
headphones?
headphones?Ear infections :-
no reason to go fanless if you dont have a fanless psu
I found it easier to just replace the shitty fan. PSU manufacturers often skimp on fans for some reason. But this voids the warranty.Even if it moves less air, it'll most cases be fine for me. I live in a cool country. I reckon most PSU's thermals are designed for worst case scenarios, i.e. hot and humid, relatively poor air flow, etc anyways.I recommend Fractal Node 304 over that CM case, better to build in, way more space for CPU heatsink. Also in the CM case in a fanless setup, PSU and CPU will share heat, which might not be a good idea.
I recommend Fractal Node 304 over that CM case,That's a sweet case.  But I already have half a dozen cases I can use.
Oh and with that motherboard, you can power just the CPU+APU and motherboard with an external PSU, so long it's wattage matches your system reqs + it's 19v.href="#p48679453" class="quotelink"I just wanted to recommend against the CM ITX cases, they are kind of awful unless you use a CLC.
Is there something I don't understand?Yeah
fanless psu
Ya but the elite 110 is tiny as fuck, it's amazing, and it's not like a rig with a TDP less than 50W is going to produce enough heat to do anything anyways
what about a laptop type power suply?
I just think it is sketchy to have the CPU and PSU heating eachother, when there is no fan to push the air out, you silly goose. Preferably you'd make your own case for this kind of tiny rig for ideal heat dissipation and tiny size.
You don't need any kind of fan for a rig with that low of power consumption

there, although you probably still need a power supply that has a fan. I used one of these in a computer I built for my roommate and she's had no complaints. It's also the size of a shoebox, which is nice.
have Fractal R5, stock intake/exhaustSSDNoctua NH-12s cooler on 4790k980 strixdoesnt make a fucking peep running GTA5 at ultra settings 144hz, still gets ideal tempsI have misophonia and I'm really autistic about certain sounds, if something irritating reaches my ears like gum chewing I cant help but tune in on it and get irrationally pissed off until it goes away. So believe me when I say its silent.Fanless is not a requirement by any means. Some of the passive coolers posted look awesome tho.
It's a facebook machine, anon.Just buy whatever is cheaper.
as long as the heatsink fits then you got it
the i3 will be much cooler than the apu
I wonder how well this would cool if you put a few fans to blow across it.Maybe one large, slow moving radial fan in the center.
I'm thinking about building a NAS system with a 5350 on a micro atx board in a node 804 with as many HDD/SSD as I can fit.  I assume that if I go with HDD I can fit 8, then put 2 SSD in the front.
you'd make your own caseOn the one hand, that would be really nice project.  On the other hand, my free time is limited.
 wasting money on a desktop when all it needs to do is email and internet. Why the need to upgrade?
Why the need to upgrade?Random freezes
Should I grab Skylake when it comes out or hold out for Zen?
current specs? im good at this shit
Hold out, at least there will be better pricesStill no reason to upgrade to anything if you have at least a 2500k or a 8320
I got an 8350 a couple years ago and I'll probably keep it another 4-5 years.  It's fantastic for multithreaded integer work, like compiling software.
But muh DDR4
Literally nothing benefits from DDR4, aside iGPU's
AMD Athlontm Processor LE-1660Scythe Ninja fanlessM2N-MX SEGT218 [GeForce 8400 GS Rev. 3]  GPU some crappy clone I got of ebay for cheap2x2GB DDR2 Synchronous 800 MHz 1.2 nsIntel SSD SA2M040 X25-VSeasonic X-series 460W fanless PSUGeneric, old-school full-tower caseRunning CentOS 5The computer will freeze for 1-5 minutes.  It will not respond to any input, including ping over the network.  Afterwards, computer continues as if nothing happened.  Kernel's time does not jump forwards, until ntpd tells it to.  If the freeze lasts to long, ntpd gives up and exits.  Computer will respond to a hard reset and run fine.Sensors gives me the following :k8temp-pci-00c3Adapter: PCI adapterCore0:       -49°CCore1:       +26°Cit8712-isa-0290Adapter: ISA adapterM/B Temp:    +49°C  low  =    -1°C, high =  +127°C   sensor = thermistor   CPU Temp:    +40°C  low  =    -2°C, high =  +127°C   sensor = thermistor
Intel is more expensive because their silicon is more complex and packed with shit to help hide the costs of poorly-optimized code.Optimal thread- and cache-wise code will run better on a $200 8-core FX than a $400 4x2-core i7.
hold out for the Fury Xit will blow away the Titan XWhy do people have any faith in AMD at this point?
There's better prices for the 980Ti right nowWith proper drivers it's pretty much equal to the 980Ti, beating Titan X in some games and in a few losing to the 980
equal to a 980tifor a card with HBM memory, 4000+ cores and over 8 TFLOPS of computing powerHow AMD can't leverage a card that powerful to wreck the competition is beyond me
It beats Titan X sometimesThey really fucked up drivers on launch day, and reviewers used from the 14.12 drivers released in November to the newest drivers, yielding all kinds of resultsIt's a massive mess that's not going to be fixed soon, we all know how much reviewers update their benchmarks
tfw 2500k
And we all know how often amd updates their drivers
Okay, I admit, even as an R9 290x owner, that made me chuckle.
G3258$50
Just get a hdmi or DP to vga adapter. They are like $5 to $10 bucks
It has a DP and hdmi port.  Use adapters if you monitors don't have those posts.
Because Intel has a monopoly. No competition means no reason to lower prices.
I recently upgraded the HTPC in my living room to a Q1900M from a E6300 Pentium Dual Core.It's faster, cooler, and the whole computer takes about 22watts idle, 60watts full load.Plays 4K videos via quicksync and is passively cooled.
Heres the thing about how bad AMD is right now. At this point even Celerons outperform "decent" AMD hardware.
But they don't, APU's still beat the shit of their Intel counterpartOnly the fuckexpensive Iris Pro parts can compete with APU's GPU wise, so they don't own anymore the iGPU front
If you are 4k master race intel is a total ripoff - cpu doesn't really matter that much.
Why the hell are Intel CPUs so expensive?Because they know the world thinks of them as a premium brand while the world thinks amd is a shit brand.  Thus they are able to jew their products higher price.  You will still buy intel regardless.
 am1Why would you do that?
on Intel burn testReally niggah, what did you expect?
Tell me /g/, what do I need to download / install to get the best anime viewing experience on Linux?Players, plugins, codec's, etc..
Gentoo first up brah. Then underclock your CPU for crisper audio.
just install mpv, anon.
Gentoo, then compile the VLC.
make a hackintosh and then get mpv
mpv, install Baka-mplayer for easy screenshots
topkek


Case fans. Which are the quietest?
Go Delta or Nidec if you're deaf.
Noiseblocker, Scythe, Nexus, BeQuiet.Those are probably the top brands for quiet fans. But you need to review specific models.
Noctua still not up there amongst the best for noise? They come with those slower adapters too
They make some good fans, but I don't think they're the quietest.
hadn't you heard? Gabe has made that irrelevant
On a related matter, should I strife for positive or negative pressure in my case? It's Define S if that's relevant.
Input lag tho
Please respond.
I go for positive, but I filter my intakes.
So I should be fine with 1 intake in the front, 1 in the bottom and 1 exhaust in the rear?
You should be water cooling the define SNoctua is great, as is thermalright.  In general, any fan will be quiet if you spin it slow enough.  You can just get a bunch of slow yate loons and not worry about it, if you have enough of them.
WAAANT
You could just run a long DP cable like an intelligent person.
celeron stock fans
Considering Define S is so open and doesn't have optical bay, I'd say air cooling is a viable option too.
Yeah I'm just giving him shit.
Noctua fans are good but they're geared for airflow, not noise reduction.I have that setup on my define mini and it's not quite adequate. Temps are a little higher than I feel they could be.
Perhaps one more in the front then? That wouldn't cause too much stagnation, would it?
which are the quietestcertainly not a turbojet
Thats a turbofan, dumbass
Corsair quiet editions are pretty quiet. At least the 140s. I run 4 of them and if the gpu blower isn't running the box is pretty much dead silent.
You'll get issues if the cable is longer than 10-15 meters.Also you'd need a long ass usb cable for the usb hub to plugin ur peripherals.  If its all in the same room a dp/hdmi cable would suffice, sure
Did AMD really ruin how good ati cards used be or is it just me?
No, it's not just you.
ATI was always a smart, budget brand.Nvidia was always an idiot brand.
Well, my start menu has gone upper screen instead of down, and I followed your advice, tried to install Gentoo.But I think I did something wrong and I accidentally borke my computer. It don't work now. Wat do?
Have you tried to die in a fire? cause you should totally die in a fire.
install gentoo
nvx xpt100$1 mousepadsaliexpress watchakg k7xxtakstar 2050Not disappointed yet.
How bout things /g/ made you rebound fromXPS 13AMD cardsHaskell
Phanteks Enthoo ProIntel SSDHGST HDDCorsair 16gig RAMToshiba Chromebook 2Maybe a Sapphire R9 380 4GB nextLife is great.
google takstar 2050they look very similar to beyerdynamics30 dollarsHow do they compare?
aliexpress watchpics? name?
LaTeX. Arch. Thinkpad.I fell for a lot of memes.
Some Curren watch. There were a lot of good looking watches in my opinion for 10 bucks though. .
I did the dollar mousepad thing too. i missed the last one though. i was broke at the time. grri dunno what else. probably installed linux thanks to /g/still using it

Logitech G400Timex Weekender + Nato strapCM Quickfire mechanical keyboard brown$200 worth of Play Store credit thanks to a loophole
For the price they are a much better value than the DT880's/DT990's. They won't sound as good though but they'll sound 80% as good.
ThinkpadsI paid less than half what my last laptop cost for two machines in excellent condition that are both far more usable and far more enjoyable to use than it ever was. Thanks /g/, you taught me to love again.
using a mousenot using strictly ultrabooks
more paranoid.
$1 mouse padIntel CPUNvidia GPUSamsung SSDXPS instead of MBP
A nine year old desktop that works as well as it did on purchaseSuperlux 681 headphonesZalman micIntel 330 SSDBasic familiarity with LinuxAlso not disappointed yet. Every one of those turned out well.
You couldn't spare a dollar? Really? How poor do you have to be that you couldn't spare a dollar for a custom mouse pad
2500kTo this day, it performs flawlessly against anything I throw at it.... And I can still overclock is more.
MDRV6G400Best purchases I've ever made, /g/ even warned me about the earpads.  I'm probably going to bury my g400 in my back yard when it dies.
Rust.They way they keep failing to give me a good reason not to use it only boosts my confidence in it.
$1 mouse padR9 270SSDOPOHotswap baysThanks /g/
Water 3.0 ultimate+4790k
Koss PortaProMoto G 2nd generationThe Koss are the best sounding headphones I've ever had poorfag but those bloody shoddy cables! And I'm completely satisfied with the /G/2.
AMD GPUmech keyboardGNU/Linux
I upgraded to OS X Yosemite aka Lagsemite because /g/ told me it was fine.Lesson learned, never listen to /g/ again.
Moto /g/ 2ndArch LinuxVPSes$1 mousepadAMD build
Casio F-91WCM Quickfire Rapid with blue switches
2500klenovo l220xmx-board 3.0
$1 mousepadI guess you missed the free mouspad train? I wonder if the bonus in advertising they got was worth all the mousepads they sold for the total price of $1.
One of /g/'s meme watches.  A little gimmicky, sure, but kind of neat looking at the same time, and at the cheap price, I don't regret it.
Thinkpad x220thanks, /g/
Depression
Is that a fucking radar?
Koss PortaPros, Panasonic RP-HTF600 and Sony MDR-7506 memephonesSeveral WD Caviar Black memedrivesCasio F91W memewatchNexus 7 2012 memetabletIs there an updated version of this?
NVX XPT100OnePlus OneXperia Z3295x22500kvarious hair removal productsmech keyboard whenever I finally decide on one/g/ has yet to steer me wrong, I've enjoyed them all
which watch is this? wouldn't mind one of these when I'm outdoors.You're right too, it looks neat imo.
Things I didn't got because /g/laid
Ikea FREDDE DeskMicca MB42X Speakers$1 MousepadI'm satisfied so far. Thanks /g/
295x2But why? Someone trolled you into getting it?
Steelseries mousepad smallHappyG500HappyCMStorm QuickfireSatisfiedMonoprice headphonesDisappointed, not comfortable for long use at all.
performs better than both the fury x and 980 ti while costing $200-300 less
ThinkpadLaTeXi3Ganoo/LoonixSDDTapeBretty gud
which watch is this?Here ya go:  
Show me a 295 for $350 and half your claim is true, performs on-par with the 980ti at best before considering all the crossfire fun you have to deal with  fury-x is a joke sadly and so is the 295
AKG Q701Nexus 4LG G2XPS 13 Dev EditionMacbook Air Yes, partly because of /g/SSD though not a brand that /g/ would recommendHyper 212 EvoI've been satisfied with all of those things.
$350$450, actually. $200 less than a Fury X and $300 less than a watercooled 980 Ti. Got the deal through Tigerdirect by applying a couple extra discounts while the 295x2 was on sale at the lowest price it's ever been. Only lasted several hours before they ran out of stock. Doubt you'll ever be able to find one that low again.performs on-par with the 980ti at bestMaybe if you're playing at 1080p or in a game that doesn't work with Crossfire. In which case you'll be maxing out the game anyways.before considering all the crossfire fun you have to deal withSuch as? Crossfire was enabled and worked just fine out of the box. It hasn't caused me any problems as far as I know.
Samsung Evo 256GB SSD Corsair 16GB ramSatisfied
X201 which I sold after finishing my semester cause I had no use for itOPO1$ mousepadbretty gud
Such as? Crossfire was enabled and worked just fine out of the box. It hasn't caused me any problems as far as I know.When it works, great, but it usually takes way too long for a crossfire profile to be released, and there's still often issues with stuttering or thing like that. Look up crossfire and The Witcher 3.
This anime.What is it?
Reading the filename with Hinako
I was playing The Witcher 3 just the other day and it was fine. Crossfire doesn't work, sure, but it's not like it's causing any problems. It only causes problems when you force enable Crossfire in all games, including those without profiles. You're right about Crossfire profiles taking ages to be released, though. It's not really something I'm too concerned about but I can certainly understand why it'd be a put-off for many.
my mousedas keyboardU2312HMFiiO E9FiiO E7KRK 6400 headphonesATH M50x headphonesmy entire computer with all componentstwo more computers because family members wanted new ones and they use them all at the same timemy desk and desk-mounted LEDs shining on the wall, inspired by battlestation threadsmy mousepadNexus 7 tabletiOcean X7 chinese phoneOppo Find 7 chinese phoneThinkpad T60p, 2 times since I broke oneI'm such a /g/ whore
also private trackers, LaTeX, .flac's, and so on. If you count free stuff.
Thinkpad T420Poker II with mx bluesRaspberry pi B+Already had a casio watch
Underrated post
B A G E L S P O R TAGEL.SPORT
macbook pro
Is there a /g/ recommended watch list?
Nothing, I do my own research and it has worked out thusfar because a lot of which I own is recommended by /g/ anyway, probably because they're actually good
casio terrorist watchAudo Technica ATH-M50Koss Porta PRO ~3X, I somehow keep breaking themFilco mechanical keyboardThey are all good except the Koss headphones. They don't survive the rumble of everyday life in my backpack.
How long does physical media last?Will there come a point in 10-20 years where all Disc based media will perish?
that time is now
I haven't seen a CD in about a year. When I do, they are scratched as fuck. CDs are capable of lasting a few more years if looked after, but why would anyone still?
Old games? PS1,PS2
HQ CD's Taiyo-YudenAround 5 years, maybe 10HQ DVD's VerbatimAround 10 years, up to 30 according to estimatesHQ BD's PanasonicEstimates say between 10 and 50+All of them stored in proper conditions, only BD's will last in shitty conditions, CD's will die in weeks in shitty conditions, DVD's in monthsIn torture only BD's last more than a few days
Commercial CD/DVD will last much longer than homemade ones because of the materials and manufacturing process. If not stored under horrible conditions, the lifespan of a plastic disc with no moving parts is very long.Tape is still used, but that isn't a disc so I guess it doesn't apply here.
Oh, this is for burned CD-R, DVD-R, BD-R media, pressed discs might last forever if they don't have manufacturing defects, i have a lot of CD's pressed in the 80's in perfect conditions, except for a few discs that have glue problems, they still read just fine though
Who still uses consoles that can be emulated?I guess I do enjoy playing my physical SNES a little more than an emulated one..But do people still look after their ps1 discs in order to play them?
But do people still look after their ps1 discs in order to play them?Yes, the only way to get PS1 games, some retrofags are waiting for the ps.io thinge, since the optical assemblies on PS1's will dies sometime
Assuming you have something that can read them and they've been stored correctly, these medical-grade CD-R's for patient data archiving are expected to last up to 300 years. They're also horribly expensive.
My old writable cd's didn't last 10 years.Don't know about modern cd's.
gold and silverWhy?
Woah.If they're gold, do you need a special drive to write them? I thought home recordables used a dye layer for writing.
I own CD-ROMs from the late 80's when CD audio had just been invented and they still read perfectly.I have CDs I burnt in the late 90's that are still readable.It all depends on where you store your discs and how.
I have original cds that work perfectly they don't use passer to 'burn' those, they are pressedAnd some of my own burns still work, depends on the brand...
Not entirely sure, I think it's something to do with protecting it from UV radiation "burning" the disk over timeIIRC the laser physically burns the disk e.g. a burned spot is a "1" and a non-burned spot is a "0", or maybe it was the other way around.  If you look at a disk that's been written to, you can see roughly how much capacity has been used by looking from the centre hole outwards, since it will be a different color from the writing process.
For normie consumers? Already nearly dead, streaming media is big.Enthusiasts? Going to stay important for quite a while more. Even to the last production run of media diskettes ten years from now, some people will continue to claim they give better sound quality.IT? NEVER. Do you know what centronics is? It was a tech company, but the name is more commonly associated with the connector they made. It's ancient, it's slow, and it's fiddly. VGA might be outmoded, but at least it's still useful. Centronics just sucks dick, even USB 2.0 is faster. I work IT at a place, several of our server blades still use centronics.The IT world will use outdated physical ANYTHING 'till the end of time.
you mean that parallel port shit?
Oh, and just to clarify, all of our important programs are installed from DVDs.Windows, office, antivirus, multiple linux boot disks, backup software, drivers, ad infinitum.
Yes, exactly.
continue to claim they give better sound quality.Don't they? Netflix quality sucks compared to blu-ray
Isn't that SCSI?
What programming language would i need to learn to do High Frequency trading?
What programming language would i need to learn to do High Frequency trading?C/C++almost all of the codebase for HFT is in either f the two languages.
Thank youJust to follow up and keep things interesting, has anyone here tried it of cared enough to look into HFT?I know nothing about coding but loads about finance.
Just to follow up and keep things interesting, has anyone here tried it of cared enough to look into HFT?I worked for a shop that worked on HFT systems. It's become kind of a black art. basically, HW is as important as SW and there is tons of specialized hardware, tons of specialized networking stacks that are only used for HFT. HW also becomes obsolete every 5-6 months and you have to buy new/faster gear to stay competitive. It's a crazy business but it was fun when I worked on it.
programmingdont knowlanguageEither Hebrew or Yiddish
OCaml and Haskell, no joke.
Java
/a/
I tried to look at that page but saw only inane comments.
Literally python
VHDLsoftwareonly babbies think they can keep up
How did you get into it originally if you don't mind me asking? This is kinda my dream.
real time java, obviously
What kind of hardware?  What kind of networking stacks?
Distributed real time java obviously.
CUDA or OpenCL for machine learning, C or C++ for your "client"
How did you get into it originally if you don't mind me asking? This is kinda my dream.Company I worked for, consulting company that did a lot of custom engineering, was purchased by one of the big HFT shops. They needed expertise to customize ASICs. So we ended up working on HFT systems.What kind of hardware? What kind of networking stacks?Lots of custom ASICs, lots of FPGAs, specialized Intel CPUs stacks are usually done by expternal companies. They sell you a PCI Express card which has a specialized FPGA on it. It's running completely custom TCP/IP stack that was written from scratch. It usually has no security whatsoever and it usually incomplete and heavily out of spec. But it sends/receives packets really fast and much, much faster than a conventional netowking card.here's what an average HFT network stack looks like:ftp://ftp.bittware.com/documents/data_sheets/ds-hft.pdfwe used these. there's about a dozen manufacturers. they all have fast stacks but even 10 nanoseconds can kill your profits.
They spin fucking ASICs?  What node?  45nm, 90nm, etc?  Not the expensive ones right?
they all have fast stacks but even 10 nanoseconds can kill your profits.what?  There's no fucking way the data between whever-the-fuck-the-center-of-the-financial-universe-is and their computers doesn't have a jitter anything less than a few hundred microseconds.or are you seriously saying that a 10ns systemic delay in your processing kills your profits?  I still find this insane based on the above.
Ya this, a few companies have started using these because C++ made the complexity unmanageable.
They spin fucking ASICs? What node? 45nm, 90nm, etc? Not the expensive ones right?When I was there, they were 80-110nm range!There's no fucking way the data between whever-the-fuck-the-center-of-the-financial-universe-is and their computers doesn't have a jitter anything less than a few hundred microseconds.my friend, HFT servers are right next to stock exchange. In fact, they're in the same building. we're talking sub-microsecond tx/rx speeds!or are you seriously saying that a 10ns systemic delay in your processing kills your profits? I still find this insane based on the above.970ns vs 980ns means your profits will less than halve.
LanguagesI've read in places that Erlang is used, but it hasn't been exceptionally performant. I also know of a number of Java/JVM utilities spawned from HFT, so it can be gathered that Java is used. HFT is obviously resource intensive and timing dependent, so C/C++ or better Assembly, Fortran would be preferred....I know nothing about coding but loads about finance.Mind sharing resources/wisdom? I tried to build a rudimentary stock exchange simulator, but I quickly discovered I don't know nearly enough to simulate one.Turns out nobody in the top 3 pages of Google results has any desire to share the magic.
Idk man. Seems like it'd be crazy difficult to create a good one, there are literally an infinite number of variables affecting exchange prices... I suppose step one is understanding market micro structure, and randomize different orders.
970ns vs 980ns means your profits will less than halve.it can be worse than that if you're someone like jump who's shooting for first to book.10ns could kill your whole strategy if you're relying on hitting the books first in response to new info.
another former HFTer here.how much of the stack did you guys actually have in HW?My shop did L2 on FPGA but not the models.
this is meI tried to build a rudimentary stock exchange simulator, but I quickly discovered I don't know nearly enough to simulate one.the most prevalent setup I've seen in my career is just to collect a shit ton of market data hint: you need to pay for this and to run your models against it.what other shops are doing changes constantly, so what worked fairly consistently 3 months ago may be completely busted now.Some straight latency trade i.e., pure time arbitrage don't need much modeling, but here you'll be competing against shops with 8 figure plus annual technology budgets.they all have fast stacks but even 10 nanoseconds can kill your profits.this is the sad truth.when I first started, you could get really far in the game by being clever/forward thinking enough.it's already been at least 5 years though since the general approaches have solidified and the general environment is more dictated by the capital holders/investors from existing trading operations.also, in at least the markets I've been involved with, volumes and volatility bread and butter of HFT haven't been the same since the recession kicked off in 2008/2009.
Anything at all would be appreciated, esp. on the architecture and flow of the auction and dealer models.
breaking into the HFT market as a lone trader just isn't anywhere close to feasible anymore, IMO.you need to have an extremely strong programming and/or math background and run through the meatgrinder interviews with an established trading shop, or work through your personal network to find other talent and capital to start a new operation much harder without prior experience. probably also gonna have to move to NYC, Chicago, or maybe London.
Serious trading was never on the table.The machines the simulator would run on are 3 Pentium III ThinkStations from '05, they have about 3Gb of RAM between them, and one node even has a working hard disk!I have neither the cash, nor the access to perform actual HFT, or to buy actual market data, so I have settled with the alternative of playing pretend stock market with my Pentiums.Not to mention I don't know shit about how the exchanges actually work, hence the resource requests.But yeah, it's strictly academic, but I'd love to learn how the real deal works the mechanics of the exchanges, not the traders so my simulator isn't hopelessly inaccurate.
also, nobody online will ever give you anything close to direct help.the industry is hyper-paranoid and built around military-grade compartmentalization.I actually caught a private detective spying on me after I left one of my trading jobs, and I would not be at all surprised if I was investigated other times as well for due diligence and whatnot.It's not that the knowledge any given employee has can make him personally many millions, but the threat that a shop he moves to will drink the fucking milkshake of his old one keeps owners up at night.
but I'd love to learn how the real deal works the mechanics of the exchanges, not the traders so my simulator isn't hopelessly inaccurate.the thing is that you can't ever really get a full picture of how the market works, since any individual trader whose order flow becomes predictable either quickly changes strategies or stops trading to cut the flow of blood or just goes out of business.you need to buy some canned data and start deeply understanding modelling theory to have a prayer.
Goldman Sachs uses Erlang for a lot of their trading platforms.
Fuck off.  Jane Street and Credit Suisse don't do HFT and Credit Suisse already dropped Haskell anyways. I've done HFT in New York for years and basically everything that matters with HFT is done in C, C++, Java or C#.  The idea that Haskell is used a lot in finance is complete bullshit spread by Dons because Credit Suisse happened to use Haskell for some trivial test projects.
meatgrinder interviewsmeaning what?
the industry is hyper-paranoid and built around military-grade compartmentalization.It's not that the knowledge any given employee has can make him personally many millions, but the threat that a shop he moves to will drink the fucking milkshake of his old one keeps owners up at night.Isn't this a threat in every field?
I certainly haven't won any points for concise explanations today.I have neither the ability to or any interest in predicting, employing or acting on real market data. There is no scene or strategy here, I just wish to grasp the process in which any single transaction is performed, both through an auction, and through a dealer.
another former HFTer here.nice to meet you! I was in HFT from 2010-2014. profits have dried up a bit and I switched careers too.how much of the stack did you guys actually have in HW?My shop did L2 on FPGA but not the models.To get into 100's of ns domain you cannot do much on the host CPU except feed strategy implementation commands to the FPGA. OS kernel overhead kills you right away since you immediately take a 1.5us overhead. Even with kernel bypasses, some things are unavoidable. So you move almost everything to FPGAs.Goldman Sachs uses Erlang for a lot of their trading platforms.no one does Erland in HFT space. it's way too slow.
you might get a phone interview or two for a shop, then when they bring you on-site, it's like 6 to 8 hours of being grilled by a series of their guys for an hour apiece.I tended to get asked a lot of esoteric software design and hardware architecture questions, and it always seemed to be a mix of testing to see how much I knew and maybe fishing for solutions to issues they were themselves working on at the time. some timed C++ coding stuff where they performance profiled my solution as well, but that should be expected.
Can you argue for HFT as a useful aspect of the overall market and not just a useless middleman that parasitizes others' profits, increases market volatility, and would have been crushed like a cockroach by the government in a fantasy world not run by gluttons and retards?
Isn't this a threat in every field?I'm not sure where you are in school or your career, but a lot of fields are more about getting commodity-grade interchangeable employees.other engineering disciplines have secrecy concerns as well, but selling products/services publicly gains corporations a greater degree of legal protections because it's easier to see infringing behavior, whereas you have no idea who could be trading against you with your own stolen IP.
To get into 100's of ns domain you cannot do much on the host CPU except feed strategy implementation commands to the FPGA. OS kernel overhead kills you right away since you immediately take a 1.5us overhead. Even with kernel bypasses, some things are unavoidable. So you move almost everything to FPGAs.Yeah, I left the market a few years before you did because I saw the writing on the wall regarding capex constraints and that the impending full-accelerator approach wouldn't do me any good professionally since I wasn't an HDL guy.The drying up of the market close to five years ago was about all it took for me to say fuck it and try something else.
Goldman Sachs uses Erlang for a lot of their trading platformslol no.  Where the fuck do you retards come from?
HFT actually decreases volatility in the market. Corrects huge swings before they can happen.
there's lots of academic wank on /g/ obviously.there could very well be some non-HFT electronic trading built around things like Erlang, but the term "HFT" is pretty relative and sometimes misused.
What are you doing now? I went to work for an ARM micro shop. There seems to be a lot more money in ARM cores than in HFT these days...
 muh {Haskell, Erlang, Ocaml, Common Lisp} is used a lot in financeThis kind of language advocacy really annoys me, especially since the HFT community is pretty small and most people involved all know each other and know that no one uses this shit.
Explain the multiple flash crashes pls.I could see how HSTs decrease volatility because they're automatically responding to quickly changing prices and responding within microseconds, but isn't that just exposing those investors to risk since the buy/sell decisions are being made with regard to market price trends rather than conditions outside of the market that everyone else is responding to?

high-throughput distributed databases. it's amazing how awful the efficiency of OTS platforms look after a couple years of HFT work.are you a straight up hardware guy? I was always just a software guy with a strong high-level systems architectural instinct and knowledge base, but I'm worthless for actual low-level HW logic design.
I've done bit of day trading ~month or so, so here's what I'd do. Correct/improve this thesis if neededand post it here.Bunch of stock sites give you loads of historical data on stocks.Collect like a year or so and couple dozen different stocks from same category.Then run your algorithm buy low-sell high.Gather the normalized average/lows/highs per every half hour.Gather the normalized average/lows/highs per every day/month/seasons. Use those  rule base to make your bot buy or sell. See any major faults? Is it too rudimentary?
You better be using that to actually fabricate hardware rather than just emulate it with an FPGA
 muh {Haskell, Erlang, Ocaml, Common Lisp} is used a lot in financeThis kind of language advocacy really annoys me, especially since the HFT communityRemember that "Finance" is a huge sector and HFT is pretty tiny, and that outsiders generally have zero clue about any distinction.
HFT is shit compared to market making anyway. Sure you're playing for the arbitrage opportunity, but market makers always come out with better returns than HFT
FPGAs are emulationbased retardbro
high-throughput distributed databases. it's amazing how awful the efficiency of OTS platforms look after a couple years of HFT work.I know very little about databases. know how to use various SQL implementations and know CAP theorem but  don't know how to implement db's.are you a straight up hardware guy? I was always just a software guy with a strong high-level systems architectural instinct and knowledge base, but I'm worthless for actual low-level HW logic design.I'm a CS guy who had to learn HW on his own. I have a decade worth of Verilog and C/C++ experience and know as much about  HDL as EE people in the industry. I now manage a team that makes custom ARM cores.I heard rumors the other day that we're being bought out by a large company out of California. Looks like another M&A bullshit is ahead of me.
  cont. if anyone cares The idea was to build an accurate platform whereupon bots could be built to explore a small-scale, slower version of HFT that could accommodate experimentation without any cost or risk. Fantasy HFT, if you will.
I left before things ever got very close to a full-ASIC design, but that shit always seemed impossible to me given the costs and turnaround times of ASIC production and the frequency with which strategies, exchange data models, and even trading regulations changed.making a set of litho masks doesn't happen overnight
You're just describing a form of automated trading.What HFT does, essentially, is exploit the extremely short time delay between buy/sell orders going to different exchanges to adjust prices accordingly and make a miniscule amount of profit off individual trades - they do this millions of times a day and make a good amount of money.
What HFT does, essentially, is exploit the extremely short time delay between buy/sell orders going to different exchangeswhat you're describing is only one tiny arbitrage approach in HFT, probably the conceptually simplest.there are many other general strategies.
Did you guys get a lot of crossover with NSA employees in HFT?
Some time ago, there was a ruskie programmer for GS that took some code for the Erlang VM not their trading algos themselves, but improvements the platform upon which they're said to run from their HFT stack or so said the news and tried to get it added in to the main VM codebase, which is open source.GS, as I'm sure many HFT traders are, were very protective of any part of their secret sauce, and had the poor bastard arrested by none other than the FBI and locked up, and now as a result of the ruling, code can be officially protected as trade secrets, which was not the case beforehand.
I see. Thanks for the corrections.
Speedy maths at the Securities and Exchange Commission indictment level?This 
So GS pulls strings in the FBI and Legal System?  Well doesn't surprise me that much.  Actually the FBI thing does.
his name is Sergey Aleynikov and Sachs sent him to jail for 2 years for that.
Huh, overturned with immediate release. GS didn't make their bribes that year?
If you could brief some other strategies I would be happy to hear them. I am strongly against HFT but admit it's been tough to find unbiased info on it since the practice as a whole is very secretive.
Do you understand anything about trading at all? It doesn't matter ll that much what language you use what matters is your strategy
You might want to check some more reliable sources than some anonymous dweeb on the technology board of a Vietnamese cartoon site
FBI isn't going to do this if it wasn't GS.
you think you can pull in this automator for crypto trading?
implying GS doesn't have FBI pull regardlessBiggest investment firm not in bed with the US government? What year is this, 1775?
From what I've read of the proceedings it was more a case of the GS attorney budget and Aleynikov's unfamiliarity of the US legal system then outright collusion with the FBI
There's a lot of crossover with Google and NSA employees and a ton of ex-competitive programmers.
My last gig was in treasuries and derivatives.The basic gist was to look and bond yield curves and buy/sell things constantly at prices that seemed consistent with the rest of the market.We basically just added a fuck ton of liquidity to the markets and a sliver of a profit if somebody else was buying/selling at a dumb/"inefficient" price.Part of the game was geographic arbitrage, or trying to equalize relative values between treasuries in NY and futures in Chicago, but again I consider that part of making an efficient market, and I didn't have any issues sleeping at night.
a ton of ex-competitive programmers.huh?  Is this like they had all their energy sucked out of them or what?
THAT'S WHAT THEY WANT YOU TO THINKBut srs, I'm not surprised about that first part. I don't think GS would hesitate to throw a few hundred million just to protect their "intellectual property"
HFT requires beefiest computers, running at fastest internet with lowest latency running fastest program to gain advantage against the competitor's supercomputer and 100 million dollar shits.
the code he uploaded was barely modified open source code. The primary motives seems to have been:1. punishing him for leaving the company2. scaring other developers
I'm a little ashamed for the FBI to be their bitch though.
no, winners or at least skilled entrants into higher profile programming competitions is what he means.You could pretty easily make mid six figures as a software guy presuming you were good enough, but being good enough means something like being in the top 0.1% or so of systems programmers.
oh shit i'm on /g/, what the fuck there's no retards here, it's the witching hour
Are there any sources you would suggest for reading up on HFT?
this thread is really insightful holy shit. really cool stuff
Are you sure you weren't looking at /g/?
2. scaring other developersding ding dingat that stage in the game especially, the capital expenditures for building out a new competing trading operation weren't quite so obscene.In my experience, HFT shops did their best to keep their employees feeling like very well kept slaves who were terrified of the hounds that might be unleashed if they wandered off the plantation.
Did you guys get a lot of crossover with NSA employees in HFT?I never met a single NSA guy while working in HFT for 4 years. In fact, an ex-NSA resume has never even crossed my desk.I just don't see what kinds of skills they'd bring to the table. Hacking is not exactly something that you'd need in an HFT shop.. unless you're some kind of a blackhat HFT shop and you want to steal/sabotage competitors. But you'd be found out because computers are firewalled and you get direct lines to exchanges.
not really. I left too long ago and was really just an architectural savant who wandered into the field almost by accident.the algos have probably changed almost entirely since I've been involved, and the architectural stuff I know that'd still be relevant I'm still basically legally sworn to secrecy forever anyway.
me neither, not that I'd assume they'd put that on resumes anyway.we tended to see a lot more along the lines of CS or math PhDs, either fresh out of their degrees or with prior experience in finance or high performance systems.
NSA does a lot of stuff, the fact that you pigeonhole them as 'hacking' is really naive I can think of one guy who went from the fucking NIH to the NSA.  I forgot which order, i think NSA - NIH.
I wasn't looking to get into it or the software behind it I'm more interested in the impact it has on the market. Thanks anyway tho
They'll put the dates and no more.  I remember a hilarious CV of someone that was at the NSA for 10 years, all they had was 'NSA, Job title ####-####.  It was a 5 page resume and those 10 years were 3 lines
Did everyone suddenly forget that their main job is collecting shitloads of data and essentially doing database searches to find cross-matches for terror cells in the US?
~that's what they want you to think~

a family member of mine worked for them back in the day and they stuck him in a room for days on end and made him translate intercepted russian transmissionsoh the halcyon time of the 70's
  You cont. if anyone cares The idea was to build an accurate platform whereupon bots could be built to explore a small-scale, slower version of HFT that could accommodate experimentation without any cost or risk. Fantasy HFT, if you will.I'll beg this one last time for materials, advice, or wisdom that would help explain the architecture of the dealer and auction stock exchange models to a novice.Note that this has nothing to do with trading strategies, psychology, macroeconomics, rational and irrational agents, game theory, the 25 wacky tricks you used to get rich quick, or any of the other fields oft-bundled with economics, but how order A gets filled by dealer B... etc. etc.
that's true but then again, what does that have to do with HFT? their skills are  useful for wider finance, and many other fields, but not necessarily HFT.
The NSA employs a fuck ton of top CS and math grads. They probably have more of the top talent than any other place in the world except maybe Google.
Go to e-Trade, insert coin. Profit or loss.
increases market volatilityApparently you have no idea what you're talking about
database searches to find cross-matches for terror cells in the US?they're not concerned with finding random hadjis, dingus, they're collecting datasets and building profiles of every last person in the country in the panicked hope that they'll be able to do something in the future when society really starts to unwind.
i hear nowadays them fancy gubmint boys in the black behemetoh building gots dem com-putahing machinesrun off transmissionistors or some crazy whatafargit
build quantum computermake superposition function of marketcollapse waveformalter very fabric and basis of realityprofit 50 centsrepeat a billion times a dayretire
That's fucking paranoid, but I guess I see the value in that.
they're collecting datasets and building profiles of every last person in the country in the panicked hope that they'll be able to do something in the future when society really starts to unwind.100% correct. this guy gets it. that's why they're collecting all those porn habits + sexual orientation data on every American too.
how does that help them in preventing society from unwinding?
he's not paranoid at all. before snowden, if you said that nsa sucks it up all, they'd say you're insane or paranoid. william binney former NSA CTO has said that they're profiling every american. search for it and read.
kek
The one flash crash that I remember was caused by human error.Iirc some dude fat-fingered a key and made a typo. He was also convicted of something because of it.
how does that help them in preventing society from unwinding?they will know who the potential subversives are and will be able to discredit them or just let FBI sweep them up.they already use this strategy on hajis: 
mfw the NSA looks at my Google searchliterally nothingayyy botnet dragnet
societal integrity is a lot like financial markets in that it's held together basically by communal faith in its well-functioning.also like financial markets, inertia can last years to prevent people from making rational and timely reactions.my dad was a personal and business banker and was warning me as early as ~2002 that there was an enormous property bubble forming because of the mass quantities of cheap debt, and he said it should be obvious to anyone remotely looking at the big picture.from that perspective which I now share, it's pretty clear to me that most of what western governments are doing now is just trying to rearrange deck chairs on the Titanic, and hope that maybe things just half-sink instead of catastrophically plunge.keeping people distracted and just comfortable enough is the biggest part of this, but having a backup plan for if things get rowdy is huge too.
HFT there are servers co-hosted directly with NYSE or other stock exchange. They then run their trades or algorithmic hedge fund trades on their own since they're already licensed to deal or exchange. It's a shady industry, you can look up HFT jobs on Hacker News on stockroom floors they're on there all the time.
not just google search, the whole list of URLs you frequent including the POST/GET request on each domain. plus the email, chat, phone records etc etc.
You're mixing up two different "explanations" of the crash. There was the fat fingered tech excuse and the malevolent greedy foreigner excuse. In the latter case blaming Sarao for the flash crash is probably the laziest finger pointing the US federal government has tried to pull in decades.In either case or whatever the true trigger a single action upsetting the market to such a degree is an indication of major problems within the market itself.
how order A gets filled by dealer B... etc. etc.this is all pretty convoluted and varies heavily by market due to different traditions and different regulations.in theory, everything's pretty much a price-time sorted book, but intermarket routing for orders and rules and short sale flagging can make things a giant mess, especially since the authors of the regulations appear to not understand the fuzziness of simultaneity in geographically separated exchanges with interacting models.the number of hours of my life that I've wasted arguing with colleagues about ISO intermarket sweep propriety, etc. is just sad.
The problem I have with this explanation is that if society is "unwinding" this subversive behavior is going to crop up everywhere and on a large scale.Pic related gives some sense as to why widespread oppression probably isn't going to work in the US. Now, I see what you're saying - they're going to use this data to target the ringleaders. Personally I think that in a society-level breakdown scenario there is just going to be too many to handle.It seems more likely to me like they're looking for hotbeds of insurgency in an otherwise relatively stable society. For example, if they had this in the 60's they'd be leaking Malcom X's naja vore fetish.But maybe I'm picking at nits here.
What? A wild /pol/ has appeared!
It will work. You want to see a society that functions like that? Look at China. US is gonna end up just like China. It's the only solution for an extremely diverse population that now makes up US demographics.
Thank God, someone understood what I was asking.Thank you, and any more info, would be heartily appreciated, esp. information on Dealer markets vs. Auction markets.Trying to Google these things just ended with "Stock Market 4 Dummies"and"10 Things I Did to Get Rich On Stocks Banks HATE him!"kinds of things.
has anyone here tried it of cared enough to look into HFT?No, because I'm not a greedy piece of shit. People like you are screwing over the economy along with all the actually productive people in it. If you want money, try doing something actually useful.Go fuck yourself.
If you're interested in a very negative view of HFT read M Lewis' Flash Boys. Just keep in mind it's a piece of investigative journalism, not a hardcore financial trading textbook.
Wait, is there anyone with a positive view of HFT? Is there anyone who doesn't know how damaging it is?
What the fuck response is this? He's just asking a general question, not specifics. Did you put too much money into Madoff Securities, pal?
Wait, is there anyone with a positive view of HFT?Yeah pretty much everyone. There's a reason they keep the inner workings and effects as secret as possible and pay the gov for positive PR.
Except OP is clearly asking about how to get into it and other people ITT are talking about their own experiences in the industry.Lots of scum ITT.
ScumOne man's judgment is another man's achievement.
Yeah pretty much everyone.Are you sure? I've spoken with several people about HFT. They either had no idea what it was or were pissed off about it being legal.I certainly think most people don't realize it's bad, but I doubt many people think it's good.pay the gov for positive PRAny evidence to support that?
It is an achievement in destabilizing the economy and reaping profits at the expense of others.
Will do, thanks.
WELCOME TO CAPITALISM
HFT is pretty small time as far a shadiness and is actually better for most investors than the old regime since transaction costs are virtually zero.Meanwhile, the biggest financial fraud of all time by an enormous margin Libor scandal went all but unreported and it understood by maybe 0.1% of the general populace.
Not all capitalism is this bad. Normal investors help promising businesses get started. Most business owners make products and provide services. They can certainly be ruthless and they do not always deserve their money, but they usually contribute SOMETHING.Flash traders are just leeches. They contribute absolutely fucking nothing to society.
Yes, but Jon Stewart would never be able to fit all that information in some snide one-liner.
that kike would get strung up by his masters faster than jesus if he ever started exposing Libor to the drooling 20-something crowd, and he knows it.literally tens of trillions of dollars shifted through collaborative fraudulent financial reporting.
Did Jon Stewart talk about it? I didn't know that, but it would explain why it's gotten so much attention lately.
A current HFT'er is watching in on this thread right now. Its interesting to hear what the general dipshits pick up from media and spew it about like they know what they're talking about.
Also, its just as much Algo trading as "HFT", low latency trading is purely a method for conveying trades, its the algos that make everything worthwhile.
kill urself my friendo:
You produce nothing of value and your entire life's work is naught but a parasite on an already parasitic environment.
Im curious as to how you think this works. Can either of you please explain what you think is happening in order for us to "steal" money?
The thread has turned overwhelmingly negative against the practice pretty recently. One of the reasons there are so many anti-HFT people is that HFT is so secretive about how they operate. If you want to provide an educated opinion on the issue I imagine it could only help.captcha...enough of the street signs.
How does it feel to be 5+ years too late? Golden age of HFT is long gone.
No one said you steal anything, friend. Please don't put words in my mouth.I said you're a parasite who destabilizes the economy for your own profit.
Hence why i was talking about why algorithmic trading is even more important than the low latency part of this hubbub.And it feels pretty good, i get paid well and our firm is like a big family.And what are you currently doing with your life?
How does it destabalize the economy? You realize that when mutliple firms are place and filling trades in a low latency environment it makes its not perceivable to the general traders...also a single desk trader offloading massive shares is just market-moving as Algo guys doing it.
Hence why i was talking about why algorithmic trading is even more important than the low latency part of this hubbub.Are you fucking stupid? HFT is a type of algorithmic trading.
HIGH FREQUENCY IS THE MEDIUM USED TO PLACE TRADES VIA THE INFRASTRUCTURE, HARDWARE, AND SOFTWARE. YOU CAN TRADE WITH ALGOS WITHOUT LOW LATENCY SOLUTIONS.
the only thing I find confusing about Libor is how it wasn't buttfuckingly obvious to everyone that this was going to happen and how it took so long to reveal it. Oh wait no, they just threw some change at the regulatory bums to look the other way mystery solved.
not him, but if you think HFT is a destabilizing force to the economy as a whole, you're a fucking moron.the biggest issues by far are: fiat currencies everywhere globalization shifting manufacturing distributions in under a generation $1T-scale trade deficit in world's largest economy massive printing of debt to pay for operating deficit of government government subsidies on everything to counteract slumping quality of life synchronized global inflation as every nation tries to keep their exports alive and mitigate impact of enormous debts and deficitscheap money is like morphine to a hospice patient.once you start, nobody has the strength of will to stop it, and death is inevitable.there is a strong possibility that your great-grandchildren will look at the world today the same way niggers in grass huts in Africa look at the majestic dynasties of the Pharaohs.
If your in 4chan asking, you really don't need to know...
HIGH FREQUENCY IS THE MEDIUM USED TO PLACE TRADES VIA THE INFRASTRUCTURE, HARDWARE, AND SOFTWARE.Nope! HFT is a specific technique involving very rapid automated trades. You could use low latency solutions for traditional trading, but that would not be HFT.If you are going to pretend to be an expert working in the field, you should at least know the most basic terms.Here's a nice article which should be readable by laymen like you: class="quote"YOU CAN TRADE WITH ALGOS WITHOUT LOW LATENCY SOLUTIONS.Yup! Which is not what we are talking about.
fiat currencies everywhereOh, look! A libertarian! Isn't it cute?Yeah, the gold standard will solve all our problems. Pic related. Behold the stability of non-fiat currencies!Source: 
terror cells in the USYou have greater odds of getting hit by a falling tree but protection from falling trees is not going to align people ideologically.Tech does get a lot government money though.
slumping quality of lifeYou are so incredibly full of shit that it's funny.:
ugh fucking pedantics.
the concern with low latency HFT over traditional trading is front running other traders to increase prices across multiple exchanges when a large order is detected on one exchange, which allows HFT datacenters with low ping to the other exchanges to buy and sell favorably compared to everyone else.Another derived concern from that is that since like the majority volume of daily trades are these HFT algos chattering back and forth when when something extraordinary happens they can act in a way contrary to what a human trader would consider logical and cause enormous swings in the market within milliseconds which is possibly the cause of the so-called "flash crash"esOne reason a lot of people don't like HFT's is that at the end of the day they don't hold a position in the market. They have no interest in the businesses they're investing in or any long term investment, they're just flipping stocks to make money off inequities that exist for a fraction of a second and are just a product of the electronic hardware of the global market not responding fast enough, rather than representative of the actual state of the market.
you're a fool. fifty years ago an imbecile with a GED could afford a stay at home wife and a couple kids thanks to an abundance of well paying blue collar jobs. thirty years ago single earner white collar families were still pretty common.please explain to me how exactly western quality of life has been improving in your lifetime without saying muh iphone.
Pretty fucking important semantics, seeing as the retard pretending to work in HFT obviously misunderstood and thought we were talking about low latency trading rather than automated trading. His misunderstanding lead to serious confusion because he didn't realize we were already talking about algorithms.Besides, it's proof enough that the guy is full of shit. Sure, calling a CPU a motherboard is just a semantic mistake, but it's still not a mistake anyone knowledgeable about computers would make. Anyone claiming to be an IT professional who makes that mistake is lying. Similarly, not knowing what HFT means clearly shows you don't work in HFT.And, by the way, "pedantics" is not a word.
fifty years ago an imbecile with a GED could afford a stay at home wife and a couple kids thanks to an abundance of well paying blue collar jobs.[citation needed]thirty years ago single earner white collar families were still pretty common.[citation needed]And, since you are implying that is no longer the case, [citation needed] on the fact that an imbecile with a GED can NOT afford a stay at home wife and a couple kids thanks to an abundance of well paying blue collar jobs today.please explain to me how exactly western quality of life has been improving in your lifetime without saying muh iphone.muh iphoneAlmost every single person in the US has access to the Internet. That's the biggest improvement in quality of life I can imagine.Also medical care, educational attainment, per capita income...Too many things to count, really.
muh iphone is pretty fucking important, though.Or rather tech in general, since iPhones suck.
proper front running is an overblown accusation, since everyone's always on the lookout for it and offending against it is a pretty big deal.and I still don't think you and the others like you in this thread grasp that the millisecond-level inequalities in the market are only that small and short -because- algos are constantly trying to eliminate them.pre-HFT, price increments for quotes were on the order of several to many cents a share, whereas now, penny and sub-penny pricing is the rule. floor traders with their fat commissions got fucked, and efficiencies even with constant penny-level profit taking is still an order of magnitude less costly for investors that what brokers were doing 20 or even 10 years ago.
that's actually a pretty good "lesser of two evils" argument gotta admit.
Except that it ignores all the real problems, like the regular flash crashes.
no so much "lessor of two evils" argument as "competition between self interested parties helped their customers"there's intrinsic value to creating markets, and those who created the markets have always profited well from it.nobody's gonna make magic financial markets that somehow operate for free, and what we in electronic exchanges for publicly traded securities is probably about the fairest and most efficient in the history of the planet, even with the occasional algo feedback loop or threat of frontrunning.the 2 or 3 flash crashes that have ever happened had basically zero long term impact on anyone but those already engaging in short term/high frequency trading.it's a boogey man, especially since the electronic breaker systems were mandated
well, it didn't address everything I tried to list as "common arguments against HFT" but it did bring up a point I didn't fully consider before which I appreciate. I was a little hesitant to include flash crashes in that because even though it seems evident to me that HFT plays a role in that I certainly don't know the full story and I'm not sure anybody does. Similarly, it would be better to quantitatively compare the impact of ye olde broker profits vs. HFT skimming on investor returns but don't know if that's something you could actually accurately calculate.Anyway, not to get too homo here but thanks to all the anons who posted quality in this thread. I like learning about this stuff casually and as an outsider it's hard to get opinions about either side of it.
 fiat currencies everywhereAnd? Gold is not an appropriate representation of value in the post-industrial revolution economy. Pinning our currency to something actually valuable like oil would be a stopgap solution at best. globalization shifting manufacturing distributions in under a generationFair point. The real issue is the collapse of existing manufacturing, not the growth of more. $1T-scale trade deficit in world's largest economySo? You're answering your own point there, mate. You have a massive trade deficit because you're one of the world's most prosperous economies. Maybe go and actually read some Bastiat, since you're so entrenched in pop libertarianism. massive printing of debt to pay for operating deficit of governmentIn a fiat currency, positive productivity necessitates government deficit to maintain the approximate true value of the currency. A government surplus in a modern economy means either a personal debt crisis like Australia had under John Howard or massive asset depreciation. government subsidies on everything to counteract slumping quality of lifeGovernment subsidies are just a form of government spending, and choosing to inject money into industries which improve quality of life is hardly a new concept. synchronized global inflation as every nation tries to keep their exports alive and mitigate impact of enormous debts and deficitsI wonder who's fault that is, asshole? Quit bitching about how the money stashed under your bed is less valuable now than it was when you put it there a couple decades ago and consider actually spending it on something that has real value.
Do you also hate fast cars and trains?
the 2 or 3 flash crashes that have ever happened had basically zero long term impact on anyone but those already engaging in short term/high frequency trading.This.
Use messaging, such as ActiveMQ.Distributed Java w/ C-based language
HFT Java iHA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA OH WOW!
No stock cooler with Skylake-K unlocked models, buy your own cooler
And nothing of value was lost.
This. Who cares?
They should just sell it separately like any other part.
their coolers are shit anyway. Of course they won't make the CPUs cheaper either.
Obviously the price will be lowered without a stock cooler right? RIGHT?!
The Haswell-E saysJEWWWWWW
This will help intel push more non K sales for consumers that truly don't give a fuck, or don't understand enough to want the worry of buying a cooler separately.More stock for intelligent people. Good strategy.
nice jew meme idiot
People buying a K model are probably going to need aftermarket anyway. The only shitty thing about this is that they aren't going to lower the price by even a fucking cent.
stop shipping CPUs with stock coolersstart selling coolers insteadNobody jews like intel
Is the middle one a Hyper 212 repackaged?
Skylake confirmed for requiring more power per op than Broadwell.
remove hsfdon't change the priceIntel.
But you still pay for the cooler right? It's just a way for Intel to generate more income.
I used the intel heatsink to make vrm and m.2 heatsinks, if they don't lower the price this is just pure jewery.
100W TDP Skylake-S i7-K pleaseShitgoddamn it'll be Sandy Bridge all over again.
It was already leaked to be faster 6-8% per clock than Haswell.
per clockLiterally a useless metric.
Probably cost them nothing to make the stock cooler so omitting them would not alter the price much.
Not when clockspeed and core count stay the same.Enjoy being quite 'literally'  retarded.
I'm running a 2600K and feel no reason to upgrade until Intel release something with a significant increase in performance. There really isn't that much difference between a 2600K and a 4770K so why would I bother upgrading my mobo?
sandybridgeshittersLiterally cancer
literalley yo'ure mom lol
I use a 4770K at work.Don't you have anything better to do than shitpost on /g/ LITERALLY all day?

I'll dump this for reference, historical data for the non-K flagship i5s, taking turbo-boost into account; number in brackets is the normalized i.e. per-clock score, which the percentage is based oni5-750 @ 3.2GHz:  1132 1309 i5-670 @ 3.73GHz: 1382 1371 +5%i5-2500 @ 3.7GHz: 1854 1854 +35%i5-3570 @ 3.8GHz: 2002 1949 +5%i5-4570 @ 3.6GHz: 2056 2113 +8%i5-4590 @ 3.7GHz: 2124 2124 +1%That also means per-clock devil's canyon is only 14% faster than SB per-clock, and if that leaked info is true, Skylake is set to be ~26% faster than SB per-clock which is starting to look like a reasonable jump, assuming it can be overclocked to ~4.5GHz as easily as a 2500/2600K.
Should I do this? Moto G 4G first gen
On my 1st-gen Moto X, Cell Standby is now hogging the battery after upgrading from 4.4.x to 5.1.  Not sure if it'll have the same effect on the Moto G.
1st gen moto g 4g user here now on lollipop. I heard stuff similar to  but haven't noticed a significant difference in battery. I don't use it for music though.The ability to have chrome tabs in your app drawer is worth the upgrade alone. Ui looks much better. No regrets, would upgrade again
5.1 is good. Go on.
It's downloading. Do I need to backup?
Theoretically - no. OTA updates leave your personal data intact. Practically - It won't hurt to backup. Better safe than sorry.
Yes. This update will fuckin delete all of your data! Even system ones. This update will wipe any OS on your sistem, your life, your family and everyone you love and hate.This is how you can more enjoy your phone, dude!
I'd recommend trying it, if it's bad just hop on cyanogen or something.
Hey fellas! PsssstWanna know where all the faggy shill threads come from on /g/ ?check this outfew clicks around that site and you will realise
I've never seen so many ads on one website since years.I did just realize OP is a shill.
nope that site is /g/ shill central
Wow, it's like catalog.neet, but full of adverts.
Seems to mostly just be a tracker for some of the more well-established generals on /g/, though I never realised there were persistent threads for mpv and lisp.also what ads?p.s. catalog.neet.tv is better
op here - i use adblock plus - never saw any ads
Woah that site is wierd, go there with adblock on though. It's proof that these threads are shill threads tho
nvidia cards literally blowing outnvidia fermi housefirestitan x running at more than 100ºCAnd yet AMD is famous for housefires.Why is that /g/?
AMD is famous for housefires if you're new.
Shills, shilling, and more shills.
Why is that /g/?newfags and shillsI miss InElite, he would be having a lot of fun right now
Memes. Memes have changed...
Its because of the reference 290x cooler that runs pretty hot. Otherwise its just a meme.
amd famous for housefires? the housefire thing started with the fermi cards
100C isn't actually bad for a graphics card.
Yea it's great for my smartkettle
This, then there's also that time when the 590 went up in flames.
What do you plebs even need GPUs for?Gaming is for homos and everything else can be done on integrated graphics especially with APUs
Watching chinese cartoons with resource intensive scaling, aka, placebo
because the fury x's vram runs at 104c
I'm not animu, could you tell me where to get high quality animu?
I download it from baka.bt, it's a private tracker, but the autismos here consider it open since it has open registrationPretty much everything in the highest quality is freeleech
Just a stupid meme
bakabt.me *
Are you a shill or just retarded ?
He's just a memefag from /v/
You are both shillssorry about that sub 30% market share
Do you even know what is vram?
vram running at 104cYou're a fucking idiot.
Only the 480 was famous for massive heat, the 500 series still Fermi was actually cooler than AMD at the time if I remember correctly. Both Intel CPUs and Nvidia GPUs run cooler now than anything AMD makes.
make another 500W shit cardbetter post on 4chan to make up for it's shittyness typical amd loser
My card seems fine
All these nVidia shills seem to forget that nVidia released a driver that fried cards.
Yeah, but Fermi was special it was quite more hotter than any card ever launched, and still holds the title for power consumption
No one who likes Nvidia ever acknowledges that, they just ignore the post, they know think if it isn't real in their mind it won't be real
Your new precious Fury X crap also has VRMs that run at over 100 degrees C, so fuck off AMD poorfaggot.
AMD HOUSEFIRES
Nice samefagging OPMy 970 runs at 50-55 celcius under full load @1517MHz in a shitty case with bad airflow. Try that with 200-series.I'd say OP is the shill for cherry picking.
You're forgetting the wood screws
This, /g/ is filled with AMD shills shilling their cards, crying about nonexistent nvidya shills and spouting anti-nvidya memes like 3.5. It's rather ironic to say the least.
/g/ is actually filled with nvidia fanboys complaining about AMD shills and AMD fanboys complaining about nvidia shills.There are no shills.
Why are you lying on the internet?If you are serious then, you're doing something wrong.
Hey /g/, what do you think is the most underated linux distro?And why
:
On /g/ may be debian. It's the best distro out there but it's less used on /g/ because muh video card drivers
You make me sad :
Fedora. It's like non-LTS Ubuntu but it doesn't break as much.
ubuntus a qt
GentooBecause even most of /g/ is too retarded to use it
overated : antything that is ubuntu or based on ubuntu underated : the other distros.
black peopleoverrated/pol/
Chakra.
puppy
Microsoft Windows TM
Fedora. Bleeding-edge AND stable, yum is great with its delta packages, repositories are up-to-date, comes with 3 different DEs from bloated Gnome to Spartan LXDE, both the distro and the repositores are completely FOSS, created by an actual company that found and fixed Shellshock instead of a grassroots neo-communist movement.
Open Suse
yumIts dnf dweeb
Slackware. People ignore it because they think it doesn't have a package manager.
Slackware
GPU drivers work fucking fine on Debian what are you even talking about?
Porteus.
manjaro
Slackware. By far the best Linux distribution, yet it barely gets any love nowadays thanks to buntu and co that are ruining the linux landscape
It's 2015. Why is this still allowed?
windowsthat's why.
Because Windows zealots won't bother to learn 3 commands and never have to deal with adware or hunting for .exe-s from dubious websites again.# pacman -S program$ yaourt -S any_program_in_existenceor# apt-get install programor# yum install program
Actually believes his shitty hobby OS has any_program_in_existenceAt most you'll get a buggy clone.
Why wouldn't it be?It's also obvious that whatever "main" software you're trying to install there is also malware/shitware. So I don't know why you're complaining.
yum == deprecateddnf install package
Install unchecky.It's analogous to an adblocker. You *can* just uncheck all those shitty defaults, but it's nice to not have to.
Some are like[  ] Don't install shitwarethough
apt-get install photoshopfug
WAWA I ACTUALLY HAVE TO READ FOR ONCE
yaourt -S shitty_linux_programwait 10 hours for it to compile THE LINUX EXPERIENCE

pacman -Syureboot systemGRUB error: Plus as someone who has been on arch for 2 or 3 years now, the Linux desktop experience is still trash. It feels like using a chinese knockoff of something because of how poor the quality is.
Does photoshop really come with adware?
apt-get install premium softwareapt-get install software that isn't available for lunix
arch for 2 or 3 years nowGRUB error: desktop experience is still trashfeels like using a chinese knockoffpoor qualityMaybe try using something that works
"Internet browser" sounds a bit ambiguous.
It's not only still allowed, it's getting worse and worse.
Because Windows users have extremely low standards.
Hey /g/, just need some advice.Is it currently advisable to buy a new GPU this year? I already finished my gaymes witcher 3, SoM, etc using my 7970, which I just sold for $150. Got it 2nd hand anyway, around $160.
Okay, time for some solid dick, old chap.The wait till X tecchnology/newchipmeme is rather strong on /g/ at the moment. But there is some truth.HBM is out, but whats coming soon is HBM2 AS WELL AS the fab shrink to 12~16 nm for next year.The 900 series will be Nvidia's last DDR series, and wont be worth shit in a few years for the following Arctic Isles, Pascal and Volta. AMD's new Furys are just deflated prototypes that couldn't live up to the hype. I wanted the Fury X to be great so bad, but I am the disappoint.So in summary. You should wait. If you can't, find a cheap 290X or 980.
damn, that's a quality webm
what animal is that ?
Oh, damn. Any estimate on when will HBM be actually a standard? I mean, will HBM be possibly be better by next year or so?
Some kind of a rodent I believe.
Once both AMD and Nvidia ramp up production from their fab companies, and once AMD has an entire generation to adjust to the new memory, the results will be promising. Yields should go up too if Hynix isn't too jewish. Nvidia has the daunting task of both moving on to a new memory type, and a new fab node. It'll be difficult, but Nvidia has so much spare money for R&D to negate this, I doubt it will have any impact.AMD is worrying. The name of the Arctic Isles series suggests massive efficiency improvements, but I'll remain sceptical. Especially with their budgets stretched thin over their dying CPU branch. Though I have faith in the original shit-wrecker based Keller.
I'm not happy with my Astro A50 headset and am going to return it. The Sennheiser PC 363D headset seems to have good reviews. Does anyone here own it? How is it?
/v/
bemp
How are you not happy with a50s? They're some of the best headphones I've ever used for gaymin.
hey /g/ what's the best rom for this phone? what are you actually using? I have cyanogenmod S now but i was thinking i could move to something better
Personally running a CM12.1 nightly, but I've heard good things about Exodus rom.
Sailfish OS
this is what I get now
not compiling your own custom ROM with everything exactly how you want it
I'm installing GNU/Linux for the first time in years. My first experience was in 2007, and I gotta say, it's really improved over the years.I'm installing Debian on a budget laptop. It hasn't finished installing yet, but so far it has detected all my hardware. It loaded really quickly, I didn't get any weird errors, everything has worked perfectly. I'm really impressed that it now supports wireless setup even in a text netinst image. That's something I never experienced in the past. I'd always have to hook up my laptop to a wired connection so it could download additional packages and wireless card drivers.Another improvement is that despite being a text installer, it adjusted itself to my native resolution, so the text looks sharp. I remember back in the day when it'd try to run at some ridiculously low resolution and sometimes even the aspect ratio would be messed up. And now it supports native disk encryption? Really cool. Lots of new features, and shit actually works rather than breaking like I'm used to GNU/Linux installation processes doing. I don't know how many of you who currently use GNU/Linux distros have been using it for a number of years, but you really gotta give them credit for coming really far. Seriously, all of my previous installs have been headaches that involved at least one thing going wrong, but this is so easy to use and fast and stable. Any retard could do this now.If it's noticeably better just on the fucking installer, I wonder what other kinds of improvements have been made. What's been going on in GNU/Linux development lately? Anything new or groundbreaking?
Nice bloggingYou're faggot, but cool faggot like freddy mercury
thanks dude/g/ is my personal tech blog after all
There's an ambitious project going on with ubuntu which tries to unify the same OS for server, desktop, tablet, phone and other devices. All programs should be cross and backwards compatible.They're also working on a new packaging system which they name snappy / click but it'll eventually all be the same which should solve the dependency hell of debian packages and grant security via sandboxing whilst retaining functionality via system services.In other words, everything neatly organized.Even though I'm a bit skeptical that the functionality won't be restricted for the sake of security; I like being able to take full control of the system. We'll see.
ubuntuI'd rather not install Amazon spyware. I don't care if I can opt out of it, that's just shady to begin with.Hell, even Google was trying to add spyware binary blobs to the Debian repos recently...
I don't know, i started using linux in 2009, and i have to say that i really haven't noticed much of a change, for me, linux always was stable, fast and better.

The first distro I used was Ubuntu 9.04 back in 2009. I had to use ndiswrapper and a firmware extractor to get my Wifi card to work. Kdenlive was nowhere near as advanced as it is today couple bigger film people I know use it now.Gaming was close to non-existent, unless you wanted to use Wine Wine has come SO FAR!. Ubuntu was still using Gnome 2 2.8 or something had come out and it was a big deal. Lubuntu didn't exist either. I had an old Dell Dimension 2400 with a P4 and 80GB HDD. Windows XP kept giving me a shitload of issues, so I tried Jaunty and it worked like a charm. I remember listening to Rhythmbox and Muse, writing my Starfox fan fictions. There was no Libreoffce either, just OpenOffice. Chrome hadn't gotten big yet.I put Ubuntu 14.04 on a friend's laptop and everything just worked. It blows my mind.
Ok man
Disconnect is the new default search engine on tails. aren't you using the superior search engine .g.?
, 
Anyone remember the name of the website that scans your hardware and recommends upgrades?Need halp
bump
You're here. Upgrade to a Thinkpad running gentoo pleb.
what is gentoo pleb
Linux+Gentoo Pleb
My grandfather had these Maeden Sound headphones but I have no idea of model number or even value..Can somebody help me identify?
Sorry for tilted pic
MD-803ADS isn't the model number?
Fuck me I'm retarded.......But I also wonder why the whole driver is covered by a plastic plate?
Possible to install hearthphone on a tablet instead of normal hearthstone tablet edition?
I'm trying to help my dad out with this problem but after three hours of googling I couldn't figure out anything. This only appears in Chrome by the way, does not happen in Firefox.
Chrome is ending support for NPAPI plugins.Tell him to switch to Firefox.
Facebook now doesn't require flash anymore to play videos.
What's a good sub-$300 video card for streaming on Twitch? I'm looking to upgrade my current one.FX-8350 Vishera 8-Core 4.0 GHz8GB Ripjaw 1600Sapphire HD Radeon 1GB 6770 128-BitStreaming with OBSCurrently looking at the R9 280X's but I'm not sure if I should switch over to NVIDIA for streaming. I'm aiming for 60FPS if possible and I will downgrade to 720p if I must.I feel like my processor should be fine weak spot for me and my internet shouldn't be a problem since I'm on Quantum.The only thing I've changed in OBS is what was recommended by the online estimator but it's telling me to set my FPS to 25, which I'm not too happy with.Feedback and tips are greatly appreciated, thanks /g/uys.
What games are you going to stream? Are you streaming on Windows?
I currently play a lot of League of Legends with muh friends, but I'm a First Person Shooter fag at heart.
You can't stream 1080p60 to Twitch with quality. You're limited by bandwidth at 3500kbps, so you should go for 720p60 if you want high framerate. Twitch sucks ass and I hope YouTube will kill it. Source: 250000 twitch follows
Also as long as you're encoding on processor with x264, you will be CPU bottlenecked
But would you say my setup and future video card choices could run 720p60?Also, what do you stream?
280x works well for me. I use XFX. Do not, under ANY fucking circumstance, buy fucking XFX. They fucking suck.
Run the encoder in the CPU ie. x264, a 8350 is beefy enough to run x264 at a decent preset and whatever you're playing, specially since pretty much no game uses all the coresThe GPU depends on whatever you want to playQuicksync/NVenc/VCE are pretty shitty and are only useful if you have unlimited bandwidth
would this be good? 
Streaming is primarily CPU-bound unless you're using NVENC or Quick Sync, both of which look like ass at the bitrates that Twitch demands.Get whatever GPU you need to play what you want, and a CPU that leaves you way more than you need.
Garbage horror memegames and stuff. Your setup should be fine as long as you aren't already CPU bottlenecked in a game.
vapor-xThe best.
i have an i5-3570 and a gtx 460, can i even stream? valve games would be the upper limit of what i'd want to broadcast. which one would be my bottleneck?
dollars after rebate
i stream wow on a 460 and fx 6300, u should be fine
Yes definitely. Your graphics card isn't important for streaming, it just creates the image your CPU will push, which is plenty fast.
wow, this is now a viable option for me.noticed no power pins?also can't find stream processor count, but i'll look into itThanks dude!
Read the specs,  it needs 6+8.
how about you dont stream at all because nobody will watch it
Might as well stream myself wasting time on video games, possibly build an audience.  I'm indifferent on whether people watch it or not, just something cool to do.
why isn't /g/ showcasing its coding skills on twitch game development section??
like the thousands of others who also sit at 0 views because they're doing it for the wrong reasons
/g/coding
I agree with the posters here. I have a friend who occasionally streams with an i7-920 and some HD 68xx card and it works great. OP should be fine with that CPU and pretty much any modern card.
and what would be the correct reason?
Making money and getting famous - you can't just stream - you need something to make you better than the rest - be it skill or even better: entertainment.
you're not going to get far if the only thing you're after is the money, especially if the people watching know it.  you need to slowly ease your way into the community. yes, you're right when it come to entertainment as a must, but it should be genuine. if you're on skype, have those people tune into the stream in a minimized browser window to help get your stream out of the 0-3 viewers shit storm.also try playing games that aren't saturated with pro players LoL cuz people only go there to watch pros play.  I would recommend something like GMOD or some other kind of party games.
I was thinking about buying the moto gnew but I got offered a lg g2used for the same price.I don't know what to do. pls help, what should I get?
Of course G2, it's yesterdays' flagship with a brilliant, almost bezel-less 1080p screen, bretty gud OIS 13MP shooter and Snap 800, while the Moto G is and always was the cheapest acceptable thing to get.
yeah butno micro sd slotfuggg
Just picked up a droid - what do first?
Drop it and get an Apple.
Install Sailfish OS on it
Root it and install custom rom
Get away from /g/ before it's too late.
Eh?
install custom romWhich one won't hog the battery like crazy?
The one with the name "gentoo"
autism
Install Sailfish OS on itthis
Put cygenomod or replicant on it.
#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Where to startclass="quote"Learning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentbackendDevelopmentBookmarks.mdUseful tools- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentclass="quote"How I Got a Job in Web Development
First for node.js
Speaking of Node, what are some small projects for a beginner to do? Real time chat isnt my interest at the moment, but I cant think of too much else that isnt too big
Does disallowing your websites image folder in the robots.txt affect your websites page ranking?Because I kind of borrowed about 20% of the pictures. So I prefer to keep them somewhat low profile.
Are there a lot of jobs for people who know frameworks based on functional languages?Most of my CS background is in functional programming so I've been learning elixir and the phoenix framework.
Elixir has been getting more popular lately. If you dont live in a medium/large city though, it could be more difficult since its more obscure than other frameworks, but not impossible to find them.Try looking around on things like Monster.ca and what not, just to see if there are any jobs in your area
I live in NY, so it's hipster programmer central
NYC? Im not certain, but I know a lot of tech people do work there, so I dont see why you wouldnt be able to find a job there. Try to browse some ads and find a junior development position
curse.comno videos etcflash was blocked. enable it?for what purpose?why the hell is there flash on the site?I can't even find itwhat's flash doing on that site and why would I enable it?Webdevs really are the scum of the earth
Curse is old as hell, they probably still have small portions of the site using flash. Dont blame all devs for a shitty site
Is Wordpress the only viable approach to publishing? I'm making a portfolio website for a client and it boggles me that the most common way of approaching web design nowadays is "find a wordpress theme that fits and is flexible enough". is there even an alternative?inb4 use jekyll
You could make your own framework.
Joomla, Drupal and Jekyll are the most popular, aside from Wordpress.I havent had much experience with them, though. Im using a custom one I made, but it took a while to make
ok, i have a question. let's say i am looking at doing some work with a big company who use drupal for content management.  what kinds of javascript/front end stuff works with a drupal backend? could we do something in angular or react? could we use bootstrap or foundation? or are we just hosed and have to work in drupal themes?would like to hear from someone who has gone outside of drupal themes for front end -- how was it?i know lots of things are theoretically possible but i'm wondering how painful
go to wall street, make bags of cashlook at fin-tech job postings and answer them even if you don't have the 10 years of c++ they are asking forthere are very very smart tech people in those companies
to do list mein negger
My uncle's a CTO at very well-known financial consulting firm, and his advice was to prioritize learning python and bash because IT management is about efficiently organizing workflow.
Posting this question hereI'm experimenting with the reddit api. I'm retrieving top posts from /r/fullmoviesonyoutubeIs it possible to strip the a given title likeStarship Troopers 1997 [720p]to Starship TroopersI know about regex but as all post titles are different I'm not sure the best way to go about this.. I'm hoping to use the tmdb api to retrieve a poster for a given title then display it somewhat like pic related.using python btw
how do you deal with today's phones in terms of responsive design? I mean, how would you differentiate between a full hd desktop and a full hd phone, which should have different layouts?
look up split and pop.
s = "Starship Troopers 1997 [720p]"s = s[:s.find""-1]lol
You could try just removing  and [] enclosed words from the title.
s = s[:s.find""-1]thanks very much
Can anyone suggest a way to get a hold of the full requested URL or better the root url in nodeJS/expressJS? Or help me figure out a way to make my node app subfolder-agnostic?I am developing from localhost/node and the options to serve static files from expressJS assume the app is running in the root directoryapp.useexpress.static'public';//Now, you will be able to load the files under the public directory:it should be:is the option to specify a mount path which would solve the problem, but that would kill portability:app.use'/node', express.static'public';Is there any way around that problem?
meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=0.5"
user-scalable=no probably too
Show me your personal websites, /wdg/.
My bad, I was lacking a "." in front of my relative paths to the static files.Now they're actually being looked for relative to the app root.It's always the simplest shit that gives you headaches
Why is this thread so inactive?
Its just not as popular as other development threads.Some days its pretty active though. Mostly Fridays and weekends
Because nothing to talk about. These threads are literally:my code doesn't work, help meAnd the people who can't read the OPI'm a beginner, what could I doI'm a beginner, what should I learn
does anyone know if there's a list of these in a json object or something of that nature?
They're formatted like this:trtdÅLAND ISLANDS/tdtdcodeAX/code/td/trIt's pretty easy to write a parser for that.
Ive been at this for hours, maybe someone can help out.I made a CRUD API, and it works fine with Postman, but when I attempt to make anything with a form, it wont work just posts the ID, im working with MongoI discovered that it is likely because, in Postman, I can change the header Content-Type to application/json, but I cant do it in a form.Anyone have an idea? I feel like it is something simple, but I dont know what to do now.
does anyone know any good DNS Companys, that sell of domains for a cheap price?
DNS Companys, that sell of domains
you could, you know, write html and css
well what you do is make a route to display the form, then a route that is going to take data from the form and submit a request to the API with the appropriate data and application json header.something like thisRoute.get'/form', function{  display'form';}Route.post'/get-form-data', function{  var variable = post'whatever';  request'/api/something', {name:variable}, {content-type:application/json};};
Why do hipsters like to use British Indian Ocean Territory io domains so much?
Bait?I/O Input, Output
.coms are squatted and .io just evolved into a branding thing
I/O Input, OutputSo what? Doesn't mean you have to fucking use it everywhere. Most of the time they're designers who know jQuery CSS and HTML so they probably don't even know what IO means and just do it because everyone else does it.
Don't know.But is indeed true, Elementary OS for example.
Its just a trendy thing that people use. If its technology related, or offering a service, people will choose .io because of I/O. Thats the only reason
Just finished a static, flat and responsive landing page for my startup.I feel 70% more gay than before.
because everyone else does it.Exactly. You think it's a good business decision for your company to go with a domain code that no one recognizes for your company? .io at least has some name recognition behind it since so many hipsters use it, and the domains are dirt cheap compared to .com
mfw I wrote a scraper for this exact page in perl as part of my last jobI'd share it, but its proprietary ;
Alright, Ill see if I can implement that. I have a model right now, that is displaying a Mongoose schema with all my data Name, manufacturer, etc, but I can probably get you way to work.Ive been at this for hours, and have looked at every stack exchange question haha
We all do. Unfortunately, that is the way of design at the moment
I havent used postman, but why not do a post request from the command line? curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"username":"xyz","password":"xyz"}' 
Best grid framework?Grid960 is a bit dated and Bootstrap is, well... Bootstrap.

Look up bootstrap-formhelpers.countries.en_US.js in the web inspector. It's already in JSON for you.
Write one yourself?
I'm making an ecommerce app with laravel and I wanna know how safe it is to get a credit card info from a text input and pass it on to paypals rest API? Is it the user's responsibility to use SSL?
I use a custom one, but for the most part, I used Pure
Yeah, like i have the time for that.
Handle the communication with the REST API on your server side, forcing SSL.Also force SSL on the form that accepts that input from the user, or, site-wide.I tend to write things as SSL-only in production, as a general practice.
There are a number of regulations you need to abide by in order to use CC data. It is absolutely your, the website owner's, responsibility set up SSL on your server. I would feel criminal even transporting password information though unencrypted channels.
Neat and Bourbon.
I would feel criminal even transporting password information though unencrypted channels.Yeah, that's why I feel like I should just use paypal payments and cash in hand upon delivery methods.
Fair enough. I just used postman because a lot of people I know used it. It works fine from everything but my html forms. Im going to see if I can somehow implement your way of doing it

Any suggestions for ASP.NET CMS's? I'm on Umbraco currently, using the MVC 4 engine, and I really dig it, but I'm just curious if anybody has had better experience with any others out there.
That's cool.Clean HTML and shit everywhere on CSS.
.io.io.IO
.io is the domain for software libraries. Deal with it.
If this enrages you, you are most certainly in the wrong fucking industry.
Its a domain name, chill out cunt
client wants to make send datapack data send data to serverunpack datarepack datasend data to databaseclient wants data nowunpack datarepack datasend data to clientunpack datadisplay datawhy is web development so painful, /g/?
what sort of TLD is your startup using??
You're right, we should just let clients execute raw database queries and deliver them the db credentials.
DOT FUCKIN` COM!
C++/java programmer hereHow do i get into webdev and networking? I know a lot regarding coding but have literally 0 knowledge about anything to do with webdev. Where do i start? Javascript? CSS? HTML?
OP is there for a reason.
Start with HTML, then CSS, and then get a firm understanding of JS. After that, I'd suggest looking for an MV* framework, such as angularjs, that looks interesting to you and maybe pick up a UI framework like Bootstrap.
You need the following:A backend language / frameworkHTML and CSS basicsFluency with Javascript  use this documentation imo: Learn how web requests work, in terms of their types etc.As for the backend stuff, there exists Play for Java/Scala, or you can choose something else that runs with Java. Or or, you could learn a new language for it.
That's not what I'm saying at all. Imagine a world where you write client side and server side code in tandem. You write as if the client is running in the exact same environment as the server, each encapsulated in their own interface. That is, you have access to all of the methods, properties, variables and so forth. You have compile time checking to make sure your client is sending the right data to the server, in the right format. Then, as part of the build process, a middle layer is created with the express purpose of bridging the gap between the client and the server. The bridge layer will add json reqests to the client and implement the server interface as an API. No more dealing with incorrect parameter names, no more hitting 404's because you forgot the correct path. Just pure, type-safe, joy.
That would require the sending of binaries to clients which you then somehow verify for integrity and authenticity.
I'm ok with that.
not all browsers comply with other standardshtml5 is "promising" but remains fragmentednamespacesDo you use any techniques to make your webpage accessible to most browsers putting aside the marketing aspect specifically targering {Apple, Linux, Microsoft} licenses and dev space?I use normalize.css for a quick base and extract the skeleton of the app dropping uneeded bloat when you don't even use a radio button on your pages; you remove that definition.. etc.This is why Meteor.js is appealing to me as it translates to many platforms at one time. It looks sensible but relies on jQuery.
As a user, there is no fucking chance I'm executing random binaries while browsing the web.So, we seem to be an an impasse.
for maximum kek try to pick a stack that requires you to reformat the data at each stage
We'll keep it contained in the browser's javascript execution environment, then. Write it all in js, use Google's closure compiler to get the type safety we want while keeping the a contained, safe platform we expect in today's web.
How does it feel knowing that webdev isn't real dev and you will never be real programmers
Define real programmers. Most things people do are just as easy as webdev.
real programmers
except the most complex programs in existence are web and /dpg/ is full of tornado text and fizzbuzz
1. type the following into your terminal python -m SimpleHTTPServer 2. You now have a server.
this is my stack
I don't even get how Tornato text is worth attempting..def shiftString string: String, positions: Int = {  string.takeRight positions  + string.dropRight positions }val twisterd = 1 to inputString.length.toSeq.flatMap num ={ shiftStringinputString, num   + "\n" }printlntwistered
I have seen a surge of interest in Europe for Elixir and Erlang.Worked on London and a guy working on Elixir was getting about 1k more than I did. Plus he recommended about 4 people that got work there.
Anyone worked on a Haskell stack?
Trying to integrate Cloudinary  unsigned image uploads into Angular js
real programmerdoesn't know webdev
I get your point, web dev is not a focused task, it takes a lot of time and the skills you need might be 20% programming 40% styling and 40% services arquitecture or IT.  I'm a web developer but this year I started my master on machine learning and I'd say it takes 70% programming and 30% problem solving.The main difference is you can focus on a single task, I'd say its easier to be a algorythms programmer than a web developer. I feel more comfy having to focus on a single task
Always happy to see /wdg/Why do e-commerce sites look like trash? Let's say I want to find examples of consumer oriented, basic but good looking ecommerce sites. Why do none exist? Something like pomf.se was for imagehosting or cock.li for email. Something that is geared towards being a good experience for the user and does what it needs to. Not something designed around ad space or jewing more money from recommended products. I'm already on your site dude and want to buy something so fuck off already and don't get in my way. E-commerce is either a bloated monster like amazon and ebay or it's wordpress plugin on that some curry nigger created.
There are plenty of clients for whom shitty wordpress sites suffice. But there is also more interesting web dev work.
no framework
no
Does Laravel works with PostgreSQL? Where can I check which framework doesn't?
wordpress plugin on that some curry nigger createdAutomattic recently bought WooThemes, creators of WooCommerce.While WooCommerce is pretty lacking in more sophisticated eCommerce features compared to giants like Magento, I'd say it's by far the easiest and cheapest way to set up a small shop to sell your stuff.I guess you can expect eCommerce on WP to gain quite a bit of traction given the recent development.Just grab a nice theme with WooCommerce support and there's your good-looking shop. What are you missing?
/wdg/s favorite place to learn Ruby/Rails?
There ought to be a list somewhere, but you usually can find it on the website itself.class="quote"Currently Laravel supports four database systems: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite, and SQL Server.

i know this is stupid, but i just found some code i wrote one night where i tried to learn php, but forgot about it, so if its not too much bother, could anyone tell me what i did wrong so i can have some closure? i apologize for the mess, and snippets of borrowed code, as i said, i had no idea what i was doing, and still don't.?php include"./meta.php"; ??php include"./header.php"; ??php include"./Navigation.php"; ?            phello,?php print$_SERVER['REMOTE_ADDR']; ?/pbrp looks like you are visiting from?php $ip = $_SERVER['REMOTE_ADDR']??php $tags = get_meta_tags'$tags['city']; ?br?php$u_agent = $_SERVER['HTTP_USER_AGENT'];ifpreg_match'/MSIE/i',$u_agent && !preg_match'/Opera/i',$u_agent  {  $bname = 'Internet Explorer';  $browser = "MSIE";  }  elseifpreg_match'/Firefox/i',$u_agent  {  $bname = 'Mozilla Firefox';  $browser = "Firefox";  }  elseifpreg_match'/Chrome/i',$u_agent  {  $bname = 'Google Chrome';  $browser = "Chrome";  }  elseifpreg_match'/Safari/i',$u_agent  {  $bname = 'Apple Safari';  $browser = "Safari";  }  elseifpreg_match'/Opera/i',$u_agent  {  $bname = 'Opera';  $browser = "Opera";  }  elseifpreg_match'/Netscape/i',$u_agent  {  $name = 'Netscape';  $browser = "Netscape";  } if $browser = 'MSIE' {print"and you're using internet explorer";} elseif $browser = 'Netscape' {print"and you're using Netscape";} elseif $browser = 'Opera' {print"and you're using opera";} elseif $browser = 'Safari' {print"and you're using Safari";} elseif $browser = 'Chrome' {print"and you're using Chrome";} elseif $browser = 'Firefox' {print"and you're using firefox";} ?/div/div 
I would assume that you were attempting to output the location of user via IP, and the user's browser.I would also assume that the browser info worked, since I cannot find fault with it. As for the location, you are doing get_meta_tags wrongly.From , it appears to be used to get meta declarations in the HTML. You placed a URL there, and I think it did fetch the HTML, but you will not be getting the information you want.Should I go further?
no its fine, i don't need it to work, i just wanted to know what kind of errors i were making. thank you
Best MVC PHP book?
just watch the phpacademy mvc tutorial.
Why do people seriously try to learn PHP first at this day in age?For what purpose
if $browser = 'MSIE'you are assigning 'MSIE' to $browser when you wanted to check if $browser is equal to 'MSIE'.
Because it's the most decent language for serious projects.
Not sure what I'm doing wrong here, it looks fine on Firefox and IE, but the menu looks a bit fucked up on Chrome, especially the submenu when hovering.In case a kind soul is willing to check out my mess of a hacked together website:creepy.space/test
day two of django. i need to figure out how to make each blog post have it's own url to view only it.
can someone tell me what this is called. most blogs you can click on the a href title of the post to be linked to a a page that just contains that blog content. is this url dispatching? regex? where can i look to implement this?
Parameter passing? does django use jinja?I did this in Flask the other day, here's my index.htmldiv class="col-md-3"                    a href="{{ url_for'movie', id=movie.id }}" class="thumbnail" title="{{ movie.title }}"                        img class="img-responsive" src="movie.poster_path }}"/ /a /divand in my python code@app.route'/movie/'@app.route'/movie/id'def movieid=None: if id is not None: movie = tmdb.Moviesid title = movie.info reviews = movie.reviews video = movie.videos cast = movie.credits return render_template'movie.html', movie=title, reviews=reviews, video=video, cast=cast
It really REALLY isn't. It's one of the worst for serious projects.Please tell me what "serious projects" you've been employed to work on that are PHP and started recently.
You get a all necessary posts and their ids/content/title etc and put them in and array/object then you make a link and you link to a specific id then on the post page you read the url and get the id from it, then u do a database query that says something like 'select * from posts where id = id_variable'
okay i found tutorial for this. i don't really understand programming practices django si a bit confusing but i think i get what this saying.
Reverse routing and a "Show" view.
thinking about writing my own framework, just for shits and giggles. Almost definitely using Ruby for the meta programming.  Here's my desired feature list:Models that directly expose SQL-like objects for their relationships. Must explicitly use an execute method to do a query, avoiding N+1 issuesBetter queries in general. Perhaps something like: Image.query do  rating do # column query    within 1..6  end  tags.query do # query on relationship    name do      contains_all "foo", "bar"    end  endendThat's verbose as fuck, isn't it. Guess I'll have to include a shorthand for simple queries.Generic filters one can apply to any model or collection of models, so you can do something like Image.wherescore: 15.with_rating:adultQueries that work with SQL union and Intersect Models with an easy way to build complex relationships Automatic generation of JavaScript helpers for your views, which include basic model-handling code and model validations Composable views, which behave like objects Non-polluted base classesNo monkeypatching unless it's really neededAutomatic CRUD controllers that you can configure with some type of filter for permissions handling and permitted parameters Easy controller plugin system to globally add things like user session handling. Actually, user session handling is common enough that it should be built-in, I guess. Does that sound like bloat?A sane websocket handling system if you need itFastAnything major I'm missing?
Most of my CS background is in functional programmingYou should try WebSharper even you if never intend to work with it professionally. It runs F# on the back end and compiles it to JS for the front end.

IT managementThat's probably not the kind of job someone with advanced knowledge of functional programming would want. Elixir is for developers, not administrators.
own CMS and CSS
Get foundation through SASS and import the grid component
All this PHPFOR WHAT PURPOSE?
Let's say I want to make a simple no-user message board no registration required; sort of like 4chan. I assume I might store each message in the board in a MySQL db. If so, what would the organization of that be, something likeWebsite db - table for messages in a thread - table has fields "Username", "date posted, "message"and then each time a certain thread is loaded, I use either PHP or JS to populate the page with those results?
Jekyll was a god damn nightmare to get setup right. And publishing new posts was a pain in the ass. It would've been faster to build my own.
Anyone? Somebody please help this fucking newb.
li {    float: left;}
ul ul li {margin-left: 0;}
nothing about PHP?
What possible reason would I even mention PHP for in this day and age?If you're starting a NEW project in PHP, you're a fucking idiot. If you wilfully join PHP projects, you're a masochist.
i think my xampp brokei can't use include or requiremotherfucker doesn't even throw a warning or anything, it's not my code because i uploaded it to my paid hosting and it works fine, it just doesn't work locallydoes this happen? ever?
wow, rude
Who was I being rude to? PHP? It deserves it. It's a horribly designed language with a worse API.
Not quite picture related.Nothing changes, as far as I can tell.
Thoughts on my site?
MySQLYou're already doing it wrong
pixel avatarSorry, dude, whatever quality you website has is immediately overshadowed by this. Now it belongs in the trash.
another chantardi bet you say "kek"
the menu looks a bit fucked up on ChromeWhat exactly is the problem?
You tell me, I don't like it either, but I wish it would look decent on every if not most browsers.
what should I do instead
How do you want it to look, CSS doesn't have explicit error messages when something doesn't look the way you want it to look and I can't telepathically see how you want it to look.
As you can tell by the pictures, the submenu item doesn't seem to be aligned with the rest of the items, the block looks bigger when hovered.
What's the best text editor for webdev?I've been using sublime text but it's not enough.
company wants junior programmer$500 per week, bi-weekly24000 per weekwhy is this allowedand why am i desperate enough
I use vim personally.
per year*
but it's not enough.What else do you need? Perhaps what you need is not really a text editor, but a full featured IDE.
Preferably a browser that updates in real time while I code.
changed your css a bit general advice is don't give elements width and height in pixels unless they are the last element in teh hierarchy or if you absolutely need to, you set height to to li element and so all of the child elements couldn't be larger than that. Also, your submenu only changes its opacity not visibility, use display block and display none for this, it will cause less bugs.
Emacs
I'd kill for that job right now.
same lad. I'm down to do this for a fucking minimum wage or less.
yeah, don't worry i would too
tfw stuck in a minimum wage job working on a horribly organised php code base at least i made them use version control

Bump for this
I'd suck dick daily for that.
trust me you don't
Will give it a go and see what happens.But I really wish I could keep the current design, with the thin menu bar. I also really like the way it looks when the items have the same width.
id suck dick daily for free
doing it for freewhat are you? 4chan janitor?
I also really like the way it looks when the items have the same width.That's not a good idea because different text will have different length and some will overflow, it's best to make the child elements width force its width on the parent.
I understand what you mean, will keep the advise for future projects. Although, for the record, it keeps happening using the provided code.
Did you change anything? Because it works fine for me,
Ok, I'm getting the same on chrome. let me see..
he meant use mongo probably which makes perfect senseor maybe he was saying use postgres in which case he was just being a dick
Jesus christ..a href="#"Sub-menu &#9662/ait's because of the &#9662
God, you are right, never thought about THAT.Here's a couple of internets for you, for being based anon.
that only works with css as far as i know. there's a plugin somewhere that syncs with your chrome dev tools and does real time css changes
You realize you can just open this and edit everything as HTML? Works in Chrome and Firefox.Not 100% real-time because no shit, but it's faster than refreshing a page every time you make a change.Only thing is, it doesn't save. If you accidentally refresh, all your work is gone. I'd say just live with refreshing a page after hitting ctrl+s.
it's called brackets or you can set up a server or something but brackets is a lot easier.
Why is mongodb better than mysql
Use Brackets, it has a Live Preview that is quite useful.
Alright, I guess I'm a fucking idiot or something, but I can't get my background image to display. I'm trying to use the CSS background-image property like this:#bg {       height: 100%;       width: 100%;       background-image: url"images/city.jpg";I've also tried applying this directly to the body and without the quotes around the file path, and it still refuses to display the image. I'm pretty new to CSS which is why this is probably something stupid I'm missing, but come on. This shouldn't be this difficult.
correction: I did remember to close the #bg section, I just forgot to paste the } in.
open console f12 on ff and see if it gives you a 404 error
And show me your folder structure.
Definitely not a 404. The page still loads, just there's no background.index.html & main.css are in the same folder, along with a folder called images containing city.jpg. That's essentially it.
Definitely not a 404. The page still loads, just there's no background.It doesn't have to be a page 404... when a page is requested it makes separate requests for images, css and js and other files.try "/images/city.jpg"
Never mind, found the problem... something was screwy with my comments, and I don't have syntax highlighting setup yet, so I didn't notice... thanks anyway.
I used Brackets when I was newer to webdev, but it's too slow and not enough features to justify the bugginess.Sublime Text is fine. What you really want is a nice terminal-based workflow like Gulp+BrowserSync.Gulp is a taskrunner that, depending on the plugins you throw at it, processes files exactly as you want. For example, I have a task converts my SASS files to CSS, concatenates them to a single file, automatically add browser-specific prefixes, and move it from src/sass/ to my build/css/ directory.From there, BrowserSync will detect the change in CSS and reload just that file instantly. It can also set up a local webserver so you can do this from another browser, computer, smartphone, etc.. Fuck, it even syncs the scroll location, keyboard inputs, and site navigation in realtime on all your devices at once!
getting a shtity part time job while I learn more web dev. never had any bugs w/ it
Last I tried it, you can't even open the inspector when in live preview mode on Windows and it barely works on OS X. IIRC, they're moving to a system similar to LiveReload, which is still very sluggish and janky.
why the hell would you want to open the inspector? And you can, you just have to restart it.
Aside from inspecting styles, rendering times and network performance, it's 100% necessary to do any JS debugging.
Has anyone here used CIUnit with CodeIgniter 3?I just need some pointers in what to do to test the Controllers and the Models that I made. That's it. It's a total of like, 10-15 methods.I'm new to Unit Testing, and have to use it to unit test a tiny exercise that I got for an interview. The exercise itself is stupid easy, but I had never used CI, nor Unit Testing.I'm kinda lost as to where to even begin with the tests. I do know a bit about Testing, but not enough to test the Model and the Controller in CodeIgniter. Internet examples are scarce and not particularly useful. I can provide uncensored JAVs in MegaUpload or something :^.
Where the FUG can I get help with AngularJS? Either no one has ever tried to make an ng-repeat sortable with category buttons or my googlefu is failing me.
Can't you just sort the shit yourself in your controller? And the view is automatically updated.Or if it's from a database call, you let the back-end sort it for you, as well as take into account the categories.
Basically I have an ng-repeat with 18 items in it. The data is for now stored in a factory in JS but it will be moved to MongoDB eventually. I also have four category buttons. When a user clicks a category button, only items of that category should be displayed in the ng-repeat. So, if the user clicks on the "food" category button, only food items should be displayed.I tried to do this with ng-click="categoryFilter = {category: {{category.category}}}" but it doesn't work.
how did u learn angular?
Has anyone here used the Facebook API? Is there an easy way to do this without signing up to their bullshit and giving them all my details?Worst case scenario, I'll find a way to scrape Facebook with javascript like a madpro. All I need from a single page is:Facebook posts made by the owner of that pageAll the photos in their galleryThe location of their businessBumpity100 posts from needing a new thread.
Postgres
Why can't all of youtubes data be one big JSON strucutre, why do I to go around getting an id for a channel, to get the ids for all the playlists, to get the ids for all the videos in the playlists. This isn't fucking SQL.
I live in a small European country and here a lot of the webdev job posting ask for Java/J2EE.What do they mean by that? Which Java/J2EE frameworks are used in general?I want to make a sample small webapp for my portfolio, what should I pick to learn?
Ok /g/, I am so fucking confused.I recently bought a nice long 5 meter HDMI cable to connect my desktop to my TV.When I connect it through this HDMI cable, however, my WiFi stops working.It says it is connected but throws up DNS gateway errors when I try to load a page.What the fuck is going on?Is the HDMI cable causing interference?  Why does this cable give me trouble, but when I connect to my monitor using a different cable itt doesn't?
I've seen some HDMI cables that work as like an Ethernet cable. Not sure how really but they're advertised like that. I'd check network adapters and disable anything that doesn't belong
What version are your cables?
brand/model of the computer?
OP here, never mind I figured it out.
Custom Built.These are the exact cables I ordered, they say they support 4k, 3D, the works.  Doesn't say anything about version though.www.amazon.co.jp/gp/product/B0031ERMMGNo I didn't, faggot.
OP here, it's all good I figured it out and got it to work. Thanks for the help, that one poster was right
What's going on is that you can support ethernet over HDMI. Welcome to the future hombre.When you plug in the cable, your desktop is trying to use it as a wired internet connection. Disable your LAN adapter so that it can't do this.
Why does it do this while connecting to TV but not monitor?
www.amazon.co.jp/gp/product/B0031ERMMG.jpyou weeb faggot
Thanks guys; wifi is back on successfully now.inb4WiFidesktop
TV has networking functionality. Monitor is dumb.
So I tried disableing all network adapters, but the problem still exists.Its weird because it still says I am connected to the wireless network, but when I try to use it, it acts like I am not.
Maybe anon in japan most Japanese speak english because it way easier to text and talk.And Because fuck kanji. 160 character's hell noSorry if i mess up.
So what?Instead of spending $5 on shipping and getting it literally the same day I order it, I should spend $20 on shipping and wait two weeks by ordering it from American Amazon?No.Everyone speaks Japanese here.English is just my native language do it is easier to ask here than 2ch.
I know my english is not well I live here. Thats why i think that english alot more easy to understand.
Lol. What a dick thing to do. That or just add a bunch of superfluous symptoms to the conversation to confuse everyone.
It's like the old "OP here. Disregard that, I suck cocks." thing people used to do.
fuck kanji. 160 character's hell noI fucking wish Kanji was only 160 characters.
Your new cable has bad shielding and are  emitting frequencies that are interfering with your wifi. It reports good signal strength but has poor transfer speeds.
What ever happened to VIAs new cpu? The x86/ARM hybrid? I just read about it but can't find any information about it being released...Would have been interested in seeing one in action, plus I wouldn't mind actually buying one...
Anyone got any information I haven't heard or read? I'd love to see via compete big against Intel and amd, just because of the competition
Bump?
Why is it so bad?Why is there no linux alternatives?
GIMP is goodpic related, what you can make in GIMP
but is goodlinux alternativeyou high?
Yeah but you'd think there would be more programs for digital drawing on linux
You can always run Photoshop in WINE.
what's wrong with it?
My experience with Krita was utter crap. It was slow and unusable for me. I used to run CS6 fine on a laptop running anA8 APU. Trying to run torrented Photoshop I'm a cheap fuck under WINE was a nightmare. Now just running Sai in WINE, it just werks.
You'll eventually find out that in loonix land, anything moderately difficult i.e. takes more than five guys, there is only one of, and anything that fits this description and that there is more than one of, is usually more of the same.
hehe, i also saved that master piece
GIMP
so krita is actually slow for everyone else huhthought it was just my gpu or something
You're a fucking idiot.Gimp is actually the lame ass application. Krita is one fine piece of software and it is a shame that they don't extend it to the functionality of Gimp.But apparently there's an agreement. Probably because Krita would fucking stomp Gimp if it had the same functionality.
Krita should definitively replace gimp. I know a teacher on a design/art school, and they never use gimp and krita for obvious reason : they aren't good enough compared to the proprietary programs, but he actually love to use krita because it's great, but not for everything, only for specific tasks.
Honestly, Krita is rather amazing. But, I too experienced some slow downs with versions 2.9 and above; probably due to the poor Intel HD2000 that I'm rocking. Even still, I was able to remedy the issue: I had to undock the damn layers panel and boom, my strokes are fast and the app is responsive. I'm not sure if this is a bug in Qt 5/OpenGL or just krita itself. This isn't the first Qt app - with an embedded OpenGL context - that behaved strangely on my old GPU.Also, I'd recommend checking out MyPaint. Not the binary versions available in most repos, but the current master branch @ MyPaint has come a long fucking way. I think it builds under mingw but I've never tried.
The only thing that makes it better than gimp is its UI, both are shit though.
Krita was kickstarted for major performance improvements, going to be a long time before you actually see any of that though, as is the nature of software development.
tux paint
He asked you to tell him what was wrong with it, not to spout buzzwords.
When will it be stripped of these filthy KDE dependencies?
Use a Qt DE instead of a gtk oneBroblem solveddddd
they're in the process of moving it completely to Qt5 as far as I know.
You do know that KDE is a huge stack build on top of Qt, right?
Works for me. Certainly much better than GIMP.
You know what amuses me? Marketing teams are going to have to re-take all their iOS screenshots once iOS 9 comes out with the new font.Kek.
How to take a screenshotNever fails to amuse me
new fontA huge departure from the old font, very fresh and different from what we are used to. This "new" font is clearly and easily distinguishable from its predecessor, and shows us exactly what Apple does with each "new" iteration of its products.
A huge departure from the old font,But not so huge that it will mean the recasting of text in old apps. Purists may be peeved but in the main it'll look pretty much the same.
ever notice how in all these mockups of phones, iPhone is the phone in the middle or in the front and sometimes there's some nondescript android in the background.
They'll have an unpaid intern do it.
haha so funni people who are literally being paid to take screenshots will keep their jobs while we have no perspective for ou futures
I literally just have to change the font in my PSD file. Do you think professional app developers actually take screenshots for their apps marketing images?
What do you think about AliExpress, /g/?They got very cheap products as compared to retail price. Is that shit even legit?
Shit that is too good to be true is a scam.Graphics cards with modified firmware to report it being something better than what it actually is.flash/nand memory again hacked to make it seem like its got lots of storage.why pay almost full retail cost to buy some shady people in china ?With the way their payment system works your money is safe, minus any conversation fees.
It's a gamble. Bought a couple things like clothes and a couple electronics.Phablet for sisPricey phone for myselfPortable power bank that held charge well initially, but discharges now extremely fastWhole bunch of various cablesChromecast ripoff big mistakeportable bluetooth speakers first order was dead on arrival, first replacement stopped at chinese border, second one never cameA couple MicroSD memory cards, of which some were fakes, some diedBeats knockoff, that had pretty mediocre soundI wouldn't purchase items with a high margin of error any more. Things with a lot of moving parts are a no-no. Keep it simple, as you never know what you can get.
These gookfuck level Jews tried to charge my credit card four fucking times in a row, claiming I never paid for a DBZ figurine they failed to send for 3 months. I paid 20 dollars upfront.I will never give them another fucking dime.
kek, fags here complain about muh jews all the time, but what you say is truechinks are the ultimate consumer-grade jews, and you never see it coming
Bought a few things. Haven't had any bad experiences yet.

Expect shit quality. 100% of the time.With that mindset, you can use some stuff from there, if its nothing essential.
Tried to order some knockoff jerseys and they wanted an ID scan or some shit. Told them to shove it up their brown asses.
Bought some anal toys there. Good quality.
I buy all my cables from there or ebay. 1$ cables or adapters from china vs $20 at retail stores. It's amazing, takes a while to get here though.
You will probably have a decent experience at aliexpress as long you don't have to deal with any seller's customer service or return shit back to them. But whatever you want to buy at aliexpress will probably also be listed on ebay for only a little higher. Why not just use eBay and get better buyer protection?
It's the best place to buy cheap electronics for me. Retail prices for things like motors or microcontrollers here are heinuous. If you don't mind receiving 10 packages separately all at a random date, because every supplier mails you separately. Right now ordered a bulk on banggood. A bit pricier, but should be a single shipment.
Rule of thumb: 1. don't buy deals that are too good to be true 2. don't buy expensive stuff 3. expect shit product, be amazed when it's notAliexpress is amazing for simple electronics like rPi
Bought a knock off PRS custom 24 a year ago for about £120. Really fantastic quality finish, but some of the electrics needed resoldering and goes out of tune if you use the trem, but other than that would buy again.
ebay is sometimes cheaper than aliex & ebay
You guys think they won't fuck me in the ass if I order a batch of 2x2 mm magnets?
2x2 mm magnets$3.49 for 50
a  b + awat
I have not been disappointed so far. I even got a legit 16gb usb credit card for €3. Perfect for my wallet. I got an ultrabay battery in the mail, it will be delivered today, since I missed it yesterday.
I really should stop checking out sites like thisI always buy something that I don't use

That is a true statement in all cases except where b = 0, anon-kun.
Crap. It is.But why does it sound retarded in English?
Not on aliexpress, that's literally impossible. Transactions go through the main website which also holds you money in escrow. The only culprit here is you, who obviously did something extremely retarded. Though I'm not sure how you'd even pull that off.
Super Three Dimensional Tech Co Ltd
meant forfuck me
I'm just curious if the Chinese government keeps track of who purchases what so in a few years, after customers have been established, some may even end up in public office, they come back with records of purchasing dragon dildos . . .
got my dash cam from there $25, HD recording and been running fine for a year now, might buy a china phone soon for fun
Beats knockoff, that had pretty mediocre soundyou probably got the real deal then
I used dx.com for quite a few things like this. Simple cables & adapters. Really cheap, and they work. Good stuff.Although I'm not sure I'd trust them with anything beyond that
because in English it's ∃ a  b ∧ ∃ a  a I think. Did this years ago.
I used them too, but after one of the motor drives took over a week to ship, I checked out alixp, ordered the SAME thing for 2$ cheaper, and it arrived first. Dealextreme was my choice once, but it seems their stock becomes heavily outdated and the prices don't match  the competition.
Hot Lovers 3.5mm splitter
So does Linustechtips work for Corsair®?
Yes.
Nice consumer electronics tech support board guys.
Nice meta thread OP.
you have  $3,000 extrawhat would you do with it
i'd buy myself a friend and/or clothes
Stick it in the bank
Stick it in a friend and/or clothes.
How do you buy a friend?
Whores, cocaine and gambling.
i dont like this board anymore to much
I'd give it to Falcon and tell him to leave 4chan for good
MBP and a second 980ti with a GSYNC monitor
buy a macbook pro, save the rest
Buy 150 4chan passes to give for free to my peeps at /g/.
A new PC
Stick it in the bankWhich of these words do you filter and why? Stick or Bank?
Spend 1/3 on pc things the rest to the bank.
10 hours with top tier whoresor 100 hours with black whores
Friend filtered because he has none.Bank filtered because he has no money.Whores, cocaine or gambling because he has no money.
i5/980 gaymen rigApple airport extremecheap 8tb home server
buy a Mac Pro
2x 980 Ti and 1440p 144Hz monitor.
Lasix surgery
Bank it
Bank it and continue browsing 4chan.
200GB worth of RAM.
I am a sheltered faggot who has to filter 90% of content because it might trigger me
Man... When did Arnie get old?
2700 for a new bike, rest into the bank
$1500 to build a gaymen PC. Deposit the rest.
Probably a pair of LCD-3s and a amp to drive them
Get a new pc build and invest the rest
pay debtOtherwise chip my vehicle not sure on the rest really.
You mean spend 2899.00 AMERIKUH DOLLARS and save the rest?
Put in in savings.
Probably sit on it and do nothing. Maybe slowly buy a few things that are small. I'm already saving anyway, I just got a promotion and have like seven thousand sitting in my checking that I won't touch because I'm autistic and paranoid about spending my money. Been in too many financially tough situations to really be comfortable with spending large amounts, so I always try to keep a few months worth of extra sitting around.
buy roids
Trade bitcoin every few days on a no fee exchange and see a nice return on it
that I won't touch because I'm autistic and paranoid about spending my moneyI'm the exact same way, though I would call it "responsible" instead of "paranoid and autistic."
Work out with Arnold! Plebs.
HD600 + CrackUsed HTC M8 off eBay Used R9-290 off eBayHonestly can't think of anything else. That's all I want right now
Save it for a new skylake / kabby Lake or cannonlake laptop.
pay to cancel my verizon contract and port over to straight talk and pay for a years worth of service ~$850buy an S6 or a note 4~$500new laptop~$800save the rest
Is Verizon that bad? I kinda wanted to switch from att to them.
GT2835R, split dump pipe and whatever ECU I can get away with on whatever is left.
their network is god tier, and they are the only carrier to sell their phones sim unlocked, but too much bloatware, and i pay $40/month, to be a part of a family plan. i can pay $5 more and get 5gb data, and unlimited everything else on straight talk, on att's network, which is pretty much the same, coverage wise.
Keyboard, new backpack/bag, put rest in a travel fund
fuck, im paying $72 a month for 1gb of data from att. Rollover made it a bit better but it still sucks.
i still dont understand how att and vzw can get away with charging so much. in malaysia, you can get 3gb data, unlimited talk and text, and a note 4 on their installment bullshit for $61.
visit a friend before i an hero
Save towards rent when if I move out, or towards a car.
pay the next 3 months of rent up front.
Apple™ Retina™ Macbook™ Pro™
how do you have $3000 extra?
Add 17 000 more and invest in stocks
Get a slightly nicer projector for my home theater project I guess.I dunno, that's only about £2000, it's not like that's much money to really do anything special with.
Save it for later, why do you have to spend when you obviously have no idea what to spend it on?
Some new threads, get trashed a few nights. Save the rest.
 being responsible and saving your moneyishygddt
you fat fucks
Fix my Jeep that is in terrible disrepair
Hair surgeru in turkey/jordan/qatar.
dude just post a naked and lonely ad on Craigslist
Put it on your anus
Fix it yourself. It's not that hard.
I do, it's the parts that get expensive. Needs a new carb + maybe intake, new manifolds, and a tcase rebuild in the future.
have you considered prostitution?
What model year anon-kun?
Yes.
not working out for you?
Hold onto it until the UBER IPO and easily double my money the same day.Then blow it all on dragon dildos. Naturally.
1981 but AMC and later Chrysler were lazy as fuck so it's basically a 1974 everywhere besides the grill.
Degenerate
Wouldn't that make getting parts a little easier if you can source them from a wider range of old cars? Maybe try going to scrap yards?
12x4GB DDR2 ECC RAM8x1GB DDR RAMFireWire 800 5-bay 3.5" drive enclosurenew MacBook6 4TB HGST HDDs2 4Gb/s fibre channel cards one PCIe one PCI-X4x146GB 15k RPM HDDs4oz bud
Yes and no. There are Jeeps like mine in the junkyards in my area but decades of them sitting in the yards with their hoods up have ruined the parts I need or they were taken long ago. Carbs would be rusted out or damaged, intakes the same, 4wd components would be easier to find undamaged but I don't really need that right now. Problem is even though it's a Ford carburetor there are some slight differences so I can't just go find one off an F150 and use it and a remanufactured one runs like $400 off ebay. Stuff is very easy to find but it doesn't run cheap.Old pic of my engine bay. I changed the air cleaner so this is probably from like 6 months ago.
Might be fiscally prudent to get a newer car anon-kun.
She still starts every morning and hasn't broken down on me but you can smell and sometimes feel that it's not running right. Only cost $1500 when I got it and I drive it every day.Having no exhaust on a V8 is enjoyable too and kind of helps me accept the 12 MPG.
Put it away. Keep it around as a safety net in case I / my roommate cannot pay rent for whatever reason.
Spend 800 to buy a laptop for uni work.Save the rest because I'm sure I'll need it soon.
12x4GB DDR2 ECC RAM8x1GB DDR RAMwhy?
you have $3,000 extrawhat would you do with itBuy myself a nice, tailored suit and go apply for jobs.
buy dragon dildos
ammo and supplies, a nice 1440p monitor or something.
a gun to kill myself
2014 14" rMBP is 1300€ in finland = probably 1000$ in murrica
But that's what I do with my penis.
Motorcycle and a bunch of waifu stickers to plaster it with.
Get a $3000 hookers or 3000 $1 hookers
lotto scratch offs
Buy a cheap 3D printer for £200. Put the rest of the money in a savings account to get interest on the money until I need to use it.
Buy all the paraphernalia that exists of my waifu then invest the remainder in RedHat stock.
stock can be pita, unless u hold on to it forever. if u buy/sell and make profit up owe tax- lot to keep track of.
anime :^
Gold!  
trying to think of what i'd do w/ $30
Helium to kill myself
you have $3,000 extrawhat would you do with it30 x $100 whores all at the same time pure joy
The same thing I do with my extra money right now, which is greatly in excess of that amount:Low yield, low risk investments with 15%~ of the total portfolio as high risk on top for "fun", leaving a small amount as liquid spending money.This is, of course, so I can maximize my earnings while minimizing expenditures so that I can live low key, die in middle age which is just around the corner it seems like, and then leave my earnings/portfolio/estate to no one as I have no one. Too depressed to actually spend any of it on interesting things or really do anything too terribly exciting with my life, and even if I did I'd be completely on my own. Make a career, they said. Make something of yourself, they said. Oh well.Shame; it's too late to die young, and also too late to really create something innovative within my lifetime. Death cannot come soon enough.
but $3000 used truck for sure
Does anyone know if the lg G4 H812 is rootable?  I can only find walkthroughs online for the H815.
Lmgtfy
Available versions:H815 EMEA, H815TR Turkey, H815T Hong Kong, H815P LATAM, South Africa, H812 Canada, H810 AT&T, H811 T-Mobile, LS991 Sprint, VS986 Verizon, US991 US CellularWhy there are so many versions? Which one is the best one?
Can someone tell me why you kids like to give these suspicious programs root access to your phone?
Only the H815 has been given an unlocked bootloader by LG themselves. Therefore only the H815 is rootable.
, 
ITT: How do you use Linux away from school?As the OP I'll go first - I've got a laptop with Ubuntu LTS + Gnome desktop, and my home PC is a 17" i7 laptop with Linux Mint installed it's a mix of Ubuntu and Debian. I also have a home server set up with some Linux distro that I can't remember, probably Ubuntu. And then I've got a cloud server running Ubuntu as well. I don't use any other computers, except rarely my old 2007 MacBook it's an Apple product, it has a really nice screen, which technically is a flavor of Unix since Apple's operating system is based off of some kind of Unix.As for how I use Linux... Well, I use the terminal mostly when I'm programming or managing my server, unless I'm writing Java, in which case I use Eclipse sudo apt-get install eclipse -y. I use a multiplexer to break my terminal in to many terminals, and I have a file browser inside of VIM called NERDTree, so I can browse directories and open files from inside of vim. I use a script I wrote to rip music off of YouTube, and I play that music with a free music player called "Banshee". I record screencasts with a free piece of software I found, and edit videos with "KdenLive", another free piece of software and it's much better than Windows Movie Maker. In case I don't want to edit in VIM, there's "gedit", a simple text editor I prefer gedit for editing HTML, and the whole "LibreOffice" suite, basically Linux's answer to Microsoft Office. It's inferior to MS Office, but it's also free and compatible with those programs. Basically nothing I needed was installed out-of-the-box, but for every task I needed to do, I was able to go and find some good software to do it. And knowing all the skills from 18A-C makes managing my computer much easier.
How do you use Linux away from school?i can't, my college is sticked with Microsoft, so i use linux in my other computer for Android development :^
my college is "sticked" with microsoft as well, the OP is about using Linux away from schoolandroid development, neat. I want to get into that. you use Java right? What other tools do you use for andy-roid development? IDE's?
ITT: How do you use Linux away from school?Exclusively.I have an old netbook running Xubuntu 12.04, and a new desktop running Kubuntu 14.10. I didn't really intend to end up all-Ubuntu, it just kinda ended up that way.
Can you please repost on I'm trying to get more discussion going on the Friendly Linux UNIX threads
Well i use Android Studio + Genymotion + JavaAndroid Studio = IDEGenymotion = Android Emulator The best by farJava = the language you can do it in other languages like c#if you want to get into that read the Google doc
thanks dude, the google doc, is it posted on the /g/ OP somewhere? or do I just search for it? And is that how you started as well?I didn't browse the catalog before posting, sorry braI actually don't like Ubuntu since they, by default, send all your info to Yahoo. However for my cloud server it was the best supported option, so I chose it. The same for my laptop - it's a chromebook and I had to choose one of a handful of available distros for my chroot. I don't like Ubuntu but I'm forced to use its operating system. I definitely don't like the Ubuntu desktop, it's gross. I much prefer Mint or Gnome
they, by default, send all your info to YahooWhat? I thought it was sent to Amazon
Yep, but only if you have it enabled and using Unity, which can easily be disabled.Oh misinformation.
Why are they sending all your info to the big companies ???
How badly did I fuck up? 4790k@4.8gHz, Water 3.0 ult push pull, never breaches 55C
Using that machine to power your 4chan browsing habits, eh?
Pretty good OC for an aio. I'm using an h80i on my 4790k and I only get 4.5ghz. And if I were you, I'd ditch the green gaymur led strips. Work on your cabling a little more, and get rid of an hdd rack. Otherwise, pretty solid build
Why doesn't your OS have a music video? 
Because its not a meme
Because it doesn't need to get shilled.
because it's a proprietary software
samefag
well, at least they're trying
replies 5posters 6... samefag
Microsoft asked us to help inspire their OSs wallpapers so we all got really high, bought a fog machine from the party supply store and played with lasers. It was great
think again fucker 
nope, better luck next time :^
Where's debian-tan? Debbie!

Why doesn't your OS have a supervillian?www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LsxmQV8AXk
Death Grips songs are official Linux distro songs
music videos are gay and cost shitloads of money which can only be recovered in the price of the product. I prefer more ethical values such as those held by Linux developers
install botnet 10 just because it has a cool logomfw
So you agree it has a cool logo.. I guess it doesn't take much when the most popular freeware OS logos are a retarded chameleon and a circle of people holding hands.
Don't be afraid of a little affection, Anon. Break open the stone exterior of your heart.
Wait, there are people who think Windows logo is cool? It's 4 fucking squares, ugly as shit, I can make that on paint.The flag from the 9x era was fucking awesome, everything after that is shit. And I don't even like Windows.
Isn't that what startup music is for?
"And, kind of, looking at the logo itself was a portal, that was allowing us to look into space"Holy shit. What a fucking pretentious idiot. Probably makes lods of emone though.
You're totally right. I prefer my logos to have a ton of shit going on because of my ADHD. Any logo could be improved by adding a couple of explosions, some lens flair, and maybe a gradient to tie it all together.
Anyone have a YT vid of that band featured in the Thank you for calling Apple Technical Support image meme?
You can't be serious nigger. The 9x logo wasn't even flashy, nor too minimal, just perfect and elegant. If anything, XP/Vista/7 were too flashy with gradients and shit, and the new one is 4 fucking squares it's not even a logo anymore.


As a designer, do you have any idea how much you can do with "just four squares"? Shape is one of the most important element used indesign language. There's a lot to criticize about the 10 logo, but saying "just four squares" is disingenuous.
Haha, yeah, microsoft is so clearly trying to appeal to what they think the mac audience is. omg ux/design godworked on trondoing so many cool things with the windows logoso philosophicalmaybe i should use Microsoft's Windows 10 to do my photoshop course at community college
new logo is simple, easy on the eyes and instantly recognisable. Everything you need from  a logo.
do you have any idea how much you can do with "just four squares"?Of course. The fact that they didn't much with them is exactly my point.
It's fine if you don't like it, but don't act like it's objectively bad unless you can articulate why. From what I see its iconic it's supposed to look like an actual window, it can be rendered in monochrome for print, the single point perspective gives it an additional visual dimension-- it jumps off of the surface it's rendered on. It has lateral symmetry, and its recognizable at very small sizes
just talked to a chinese friend.it has nothing to do with debian.it's "debate song". no debian.
hey Jackie can you listen to this really quick sure anon what is it a song that someone posted on that website I go to oh ok... What am I supposed to be listening for? uh well it's supposed to be about debian debian?yeah you know the Linux is that I installed on my old laptop? oh yeah ok. Uhm its about a debate? I guess this girl is debating something so no debian?uh no not so far oh ok thanks Man I wish I had a Chinese friend
Do you think RMS adamantly refuses to use these soda fountains since they run non-free software?
Why don't you email him and ask instead of shitposting on /g/?
I can just imagine him raising a huge fuss over it with the managers
Do you think he can't afford it since it dispenses non-free soft drinks?
Send him an email. He responds to all his emails so it wouldn't hurt.
RMS has stated that things like a microwave have no reason to be open source because there's really no reason for it, I'd imagine soda machines fall under the same category
He probably doesn't care because it's a closed box system. They aren't trying to sell Coke OS.
He's boycotting coca cola, in his talks he says to read killercoke.org.
Good thing there is Dr. Pepper in those machines
Good thing nobody listens to him.
i've never seen a soda fountain look like that, it's usually just a small machine
They're pretty based, anon. They have every flavor variation you could think of vanilla, orange... and you can mix and match as you wish.
you are living the past man
Probably just gets other freetards to fetch them from the machine.
I fucking love them, only problem is sometimes while you're waiting for the fizz to go down the machine will reset.
yea that, and they are slower to use so places that only have one can build up a line
I've only ever seen one, at five guys.I was throughly disgusted with their ego plastered all over the walls, so I never went back.
What specs do you think power that?
Why would he drink non-free soda in the first place?
drinking sodayou people like being fat or something?It's literally sugar and nothing else.You wouldn't eat bags of sugar, would you?
4690k, 780 ti, and 32 gb ddr3.
Dunno, but you can bet your ass it runs Ganoo/Linux
theyre good and bad. for the same reason. you can add just about any fruit or vanilla syrup to many flavors,  but that shit lingers in any soda you get.  especially sprite. it tastes like a weird mixture of everything if you just get normal sprite.  i like it sonetimes, other times its kindof shit.
nah man it has to actually work so its probably SPARC/Solaris
You wouldn't eat bags of sugar, would you?
This. All of them taste like shit. None of the flavors taste good when they come out of this, because instead of having separate tubes from each syrup box like normal fountain machines, it all runs through one and stains all the flavors together.I've drank from them at Wendy's, Burger King, and 5 Guys and they all tasted the same.
tfw I buy bags of gummy candy occasionally
Forgot to post face.
Is this /g/, wet dream?
modern hardwareimplying cpus haven't been stagnant for the last 5 years.
Desktop ones maybe. Laptop ones are seeing more improvement as they figure out how to do more with less power. T440p with extended battery for instance gets 12 hours of battery life doing typical tasks. New stuff is getting thinner, lighter, more portable and longer battery life.And honestly, what's so damn bad about the current Thinkpads? They're quite sturdy, the trackpad is amazing as such things go, Trackpoint is still good, and the T450 brings back the Trackpoint buttons the T440 took away. And really, the keyboard feels quite good to type on -- good tactile feedback, as much key throw as about any laptop keyboard, feels really solid.
the keyboard layout is ass. I don't mind chiclet keys but I like my navigation keys to not be a design afterthought when it comes to keyboards.
PgUp/Dn near the arrows makes sense IMO. Why would I go one place to move up or down a little and another to move further up or down? I do wish Home and End were a little easier to get to and close to PgUp/Dn, but there's not much of anywhere to stick 'em unless they added a Home/PgUp/PgDn/End column on the right like HP does.
The i5-2520M and the i5-4200M have about the same power usage. The 4200M has slightly better performance.CPUs are stagnant. What is improving is battery technology and that's why your batteries are lasting longer.
Just got a w550. The fn and ctrl fuck me hard. Also the function keys by default do the hardware function. I literally have to refresh pressing fn and f5. There may be a way to change that but I just got it and the only thing I did so far was two shitposts after downloading pale moon
Peak power usage != idle power usage. Also whole-system power management is improving. Less than 10 watts for the entire laptop is doing pretty good.
The fn and ctrl fuck me hard.Switch them in the BIOS. There's an option specifically for that.Also the function keys by default do the hardware function. I literally have to refresh pressing fn and f5.Fn+Escape. See how escape says "FnLk" on it? That's what it does. It remembers it across reboots too.
You can swap fn and ctrl in bios.
Didn't Lenovo go to shit when they started their race-to-the-bottom pricing model on razor thin margins by cutting corners and resorting to shitty business practices anyone remember superfish?
i honestly prefer to buy a thinkpad that does not have a trackpad at all. As i only use the trackpointim using r60e . no trackpadregarding the new logo coloring the thinkpadtm rgb looks like shit
Thinkpad with GTX 980M when?
All right I figured it would be Changable. Will do after I wake up today
On their low-end consumer ranges, yes. Thinkpads are still made to a higher spec, and cost accordingly.You know, you can disable the trackpad without going down to a 2 GHz C2D and 1024x768.Also the current logo is all silver apart from the red dot on the i.Probably after the next one comes out. Thinkpads aren't meant to be gaymen laptops.
not gonna happen. Don't get your hopes up
The chinese are working on the "X62" mobo with an i7 and somewhat current specs. Would fucking kill to get one but they're not gonna ship them so I guess I'll just have to kill myself instead.
intel began poll
Vaio Z is a maleOh well, guess I'm gay then.
This can't be real.
Asus Transbook better be a futa
Any moonrune speakers care to translate what all this is about?
the dell venue is the most cutefuck you too intel
The tits of the left one on the blonde and I'm done.
Other cultures can't have different styles of advertising
You could at least look at the website first... And everything else on the page are well-defined rectangles with a single button in each.
I-is TransBook trans? I really hope not since I voted for "her".
Who are these semen demons?
I want to fuck fujitsu.
It's much better than looking at stock images of fags and niggers.
How can you justify using a company which advertises with childish anime characters? Surely you can't take them serious, now do you?
MADshill fuck off, the lolis will dance over your corpse
