The /g/ Wiki:http://wiki.installgentoo.com//g/ is for the discussion of technology and related topics./g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.For tech support/issues with computers:https://startpage.com/ or https://duckduckgo.com i.e., fucking google ithttps://stackexchange.com/http://www.logicalincrements.com/You can also search the catalog for a specific term by using:https://boards.4chan.org/g/searchwordAlways check the catalog before creating a thread:/g/catalogPlease check the rules before you post:https://www.4chan.org/rulesBegging for cryptocurrency is against the rules!To use the Code tag, book-end your body of code with:&#91;code] and &#91;/code]Abuse of the code tag may result in a ban.
Get on the ground, fucko! Squad, take his computer and all other electronics!ITT:Computer securityHome securityonline privacyPC and data destruction methodsHow to hide questionable images, video, audio, etc. stenographyWhat to do in case squad ever actually breaks down your door But I dont have anything to hide :^https://chronicle.com/article/Why-Privacy-Matters-Even-if/127461/ If you have done nothing wrong you should have nothing to hide.If I've done nothing wrong there's no reason to search me.
Everything is encrypted including my cloud storageI think I'm doing alright.
We'll just do some coercive detention and "not-tortureTM" and you will hand the codes over soon enough. Or we will "not-tortureTM" you, until you become a crazy transsexual like Bradley Manning.
How do you manage your cloud storage?
I use a picture password.
Chelsea Manning was transgender before any of the drama.I encrypt and then upload to mega.  Supposedly it encrypts locally so even mega can't see your files.
No I mean like multiple accounts. Also wtf?picture password
Thats just a social construct. No one can actually be transgender.
Depends on you definition of gender.
implying the passwords matter when they have backdoors in your CPUYou niggers wont be safe until you cook your own chips
even the best of the NSA can't crack simple encryption and something like rot13 used together
They dont need to.... They have fucking 3G radios in your CPU and call if a "feature"

Hide in the secret room inside my apartment and go out when everything is clear.
You can build a whore house into my cpu. It still needs to access my data. Also hang yourself pleb.
is there a equivalent on windows for linux's LUKS?and how secure is LUKS anyway?
That definition is just a social construct.Stop oppressing us cisgendered people with your SJW definitions that allow otherkin to exist.
Personally i like hybrids
This much of a dumb assIt can access your RAM that is not encrypted.
BitLocker. But its M$ so, i dont think so. If you read the OP they link TrueCrypt 7.1a
Yeah the second one entirely allows for transgender people and the first one mostly does.
hating transgender peopleback to ochochan
do you guys actually worry about someone knocking your down and taking your HD? if so, you should probably stop doing illegal shit.
Sorry didnt think about that. But then again i dont really give a fuck.
do you guys actually worry about someone knocking your down and taking your HD? if so, you should probably stop doing illegal shit.I have done nothing wrong.Also yes.
I am not even joking here.Thank you for saying sorry.
I've found/saved some wierd shit from this siteI torrent sometimes, but not as much as a friend of mine, who has gotten at least 1 DCMA or whatever per month for the past yearWe both have comcast but they don't give a shit about what I doI have my laptop encrypted because I don't want people stealing my shit, but my storage drives aren't encrypted because my storage server shits its pants when I try to run heavy encryption on everything
A real fucko fits some kind of small bomb to his hard drives. Would that be legal if the damage caused is minimal and the materials used are legal?
What does /g/ think of Linux Mint?
Install gentoo.

gentooInstall Windows.
full of bloatwarebetter install xubuntu.
Not much wrong with it. Won't get any epeen for using it though.
2015still uses a computer with small disk space
using a lightweight distromust have a stone-age computernice logic there m8
It's babby's first Linux, but I think it's fairly reliable and generally like it.
welcome to /g/
Basically this. Only problem is that Linux doesn't have good music players, and they only use the least shit program out there.
Best Linux distro out of the box.
This
it's better than ubuntu if you like green more than orange.
that is a stupid photo...a fragile sign implies negative connotations
not running Wind River
It's not a "fragile" sign, it's a "fragil" sign. It'S an abbreviation. which I'm totally making out of my assFreeRobustAmiableGNUI'll put a "/" hereLinux
I don't like it at all. It even includes fucking Flash Player.
It's too out-of-box for meCan't get enough epeen Better install myself some arch or something which doesn't even come with a fucking dm
It's not about including software out-of-the-box, but including proprietary software.
I approve that!
Its alright. Except the creator is an anti semitic dick
Meh, better than UBANTO
It's the best distro to give Windows users who want a gentle transition into the GNU/Linux world.Mint wasn't my first distro, but it's the distro that kept me around the longest.  After I got acclimated in Mint, I went to Debian and now I use it almost full time.
I use Linux Mint an old laptop, just for learning how to use the terminal and the Linux OS in general.It runs really smoothly considering my laptop has the first generation i3, 2 GB RAM, and integrated graphics.
This nigga gets it
This. No one should support this man.
Ubuntu MATE is better
Fuck off samefagging JIDF
Not to make this a political discussion, but there's nothing wrong with suggesting that war/genocide should stop. You don't solve anything by using violence, and that goes for both sides of the conflict.
Why use "free software" when there's Jewdows?People aren't totally being murdered for nothing in Phalestine. Why take this human rights advocacy serious?

LMDE is best and ebin
Old thread at What are you working on, /g/?
Java is clearly superior to C++.
It has its uses.
you're wrong
It's like saying a diarrhea is superior to a fibrous turd wider than your anus.
hotpockets
Im trying to make a Shodan clone by ripping off nmap and tacking on a gui.
no anime pictureALSO WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS, NOW I MUST SOLVE 2 CAPTCHAS TO POSTFUCKING M00TRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Why is everyone here so angry with each other? "You're enjoying something I don't, FUCK YOU", "The tools I use are better for a particular purpose than the ones you use, therefore you're a faggot!", and so on.Can't we just have a nicetalk about things we like without it turning into a dick-measuring contest?
What did you expect from the board that's /v/ plus Linux?
AMD=poor
kill yourself or go back to reddit, fag
The behavior feeds into itself People start as a joke because being excessively mean and sociopathic is the oldest epic meme, new friends come and think that's the way you're supposed to act here if you want to fit in and adopt that mindset with even more earnest than the originators and once they become the oldfags the same thing happens again and again. So fuck off nigglet
I support you, dude.
4chan, /g/ included, is a toxic environment by the nature of the type of people anonymity attracts.  And it's a feedback loop, like  said.
Funny, I thought everyone here seemed really nice.
Post the monitor you currently have & which monitor you're interested in.I have the HP 2311x which I've been using for a good couple of years now, it's quite decent. Not exactly sure when I'll be upgrading.
Still using a single ol' 17 inch Dell. 1280x1024 baby!I can't bring myself to upgrade while this monitor works perfectly fine. I don't really need more screen space, and I've used dual monitors in the past and found it pointless muh multiple workspaces.So there.
I have a gateway monitor that sucks because the DVI port doesn't work, but it's not completely garbage.I want to get the Yiynova 19U+ because I am too poor for a cintiq. Is it worth $550?
Flatron L1734S, 1280x1024 represent.
Get a Surface Pro 1 used, comes with free computer.
...unless it's too small
LG Flatron W2453V 1920x1080not planning to upgrade any time soon
http://accessories.dell.com/sna/productdetail.aspx?sku=860-BBDYWhat am I supposed to do with a $100 Dell gift card.
You could give it to me. :^
What would you even do with a Dell gift card?
Good question.
Currently using a budget Dell 24" TN 1080p and a Qnix 1440p PLS 96Hz. Looking to upgrade my 1080p to a 144Hz 24". Anyone with a gsync monitor that can tell me if it's worth it? It's my understanding that it isn't worth it for high fps games like CSGO, but looks incredible for fluctuating fps in more graphically demanding games
Also, I'm poor.
using an asus vs 24 inch 1060p 60 hz monitor going to get an asus 24 inch 1080p 144hz monitor this summer and replace my secondary 900p hp monitor :
what skillgroup are you?
tfw no 1440p 21:9 144hz IPS monitor in existance
any good 1600p IPS monitors with tolerable input lag for muh games?Also I wonder how my old 800x600 porn pics will look on one of those.
I wanna get me a ASUS PB287Q 28", but no way am I shelling out $600 for that shit. Guess 4K will have to wait a couple years
best 1920x1200 monitors with stands that can rotate into portrait?
can't live any other life than 1440p life
what skillgroup are you?I tend to fluctuate around MGE playing solo. I also just remembered that you can't do gsync and lightboost at the same time, and I'm not sure which would be more beneficial?
Then you obviously haven't tried the 4K life.
Wow you guys have some NEET shit.Meanwhile I've got 3 Asus VG248QE 24in 1080p 144hz monitors and a Samsung U32D970Q 32in 4k 60hz main monitor.
not worth the money atm for graphics for gamesI'm MG1, add profiles/76561198036074258
not worth the money atm for graphics for gamesIt runs fine at reduced settings, and still looks better than 1440p
It runs fine at reduced settings, and still looks better than 1440pdifference in opinion that's all
I guess it depends on what games you play. The increased pixel density is extremely helpful for spotting distant enemies in Arma. If you're just playing GTA and CS, it doesn't matter as much.
Old thread: Post your stupid questions here.
akarin~ 3
Mkay, I've got a stupid question for ya guys.I'm learning python 3 and I already found something I can't understand.In my project directory, I have a subdirectory "lib" that cointains a file called "ExistenceChecker.py" and empty file called "__init__.py".ExistenceChecker.py:class ExistenceChecker:    def checkself, cid:        return cidNow I want to import that file, but if I import it like this:from lib import ExistenceCheckerI get TypeError: 'module' object is not callable whenever I try ti instantiate that class. However, if I import it like this:from lib.ExistenceChecker import ExistenceCheckerIt works. So, what's up with that?
MacBook Pro or XPS 13?
encrypted disk in linuxI used some guideluks and lvmI dont even know if I am luks on lvm or lmv on luksanyway, two commands I use to mount itfirst unlock the partitionsudo cryptsetup luksOpen /dev/sdc1 cryptothen mount itsudo mount /dev/mapper/VolGroup00-lvC1 /mnt/C1if I make alias in my zshrc, it wont workalias c1="sudo cryptsetup luksOpen /dev/sdc1 crypto && sudo mount /dev/mapper/VolGroup00-lvC1 /mnt/C1"telling me that volgroup does not exists, I think that I need to give it some time, but how..also maybe theres another way to mount encrypted partitions easier?
Will upscaled or native 1080p content always look better than native 720p content on a 1440p monitor?
put the file in the same folder as your main filefrom lib import ExistenceCheckerlib is not a name of folder, its the name of your library file
Depends what it's upscaled from. Assuming you're rendering this fullscreen on your 1440p monitor, the native 1080p content will be better than the native 720p content.However, depending on what the native content is on the upscaled 1080p content will determine how good it looks on the screen. If it's upscaled from 720p, you'll get some minor degradation because it's been upscaled twice to 1440p as opposed to just once for native 720p.
But what if I want to have it in the lib folder? Is there anything I can do so I can import it by callingfrom lib import something?
13" Macbook pro or dell xps 13?
What if it's some in-between that is neither 720p nor 1080p but something like native 692p and 992p? Better to go with the higher res one because it has to upscale it anyway?
envirment variable... PYTHONPATH set in windows or linuxits group of paths, so you would add your lib subfolder absolute path
What does it mean to say one game has a better rendering engine than another? If they use OpenGL or DirectX how can one be better than other beyond shaders and artwork? What exactly is their "rendering engine" beyond a bunch of calls to the given API? Do they add extensions to the API? Or are they really calling their shader code and draw calls a "rendering engine". Please answer, I'm just getting started with writing 3D programs and wondered what is special about their game engines.
what do I do if I tried to restore a backup using CWM on my Nexus 5 and I get stuck in a bootloop? i keep getting the message "android_secure.img" not found
I'd just reflash the rom itself and fuck the backup.
deleting cache and delvik usually helps against my bootloops but I don't know if that's helpful or advisable in your  case
could i do an adb backup to my PC and restore it after i reflash the rom?
yeah i tried that and nothing worked.
Gotcha, thanks. But that all seems kinda hacky to me. What's the "right" way to do this? Maybe you could recommend me some reading material?
I don't know I've fucked with roms and shit for years but I've never once done a backup so I can't advise. I don't understand why people need backups, what is in your backup? All my files are on the SD, what else could you need?
HalpFor some reason the style is broken in my browser and I don't know what broke it. What could have happened?
I am beginner myselfand obvious way to do this is to have your module files in the same directory as your main file...  why not...  why complicated things?I only recently discovered that the same folder is checked when I could not make timeit work... heres thread I made
I had a bug before with stylish where it applied styles to the wrong sites.
try resetting the zoom. ctrl+0
I have a Nexus 5 which doesnt have an sd card. its not the end of the world, as most of my stuff is backed up to Google anyways. just dont want to have to go through and reinstall everything i had
I need to over clock my hd5850 for the witcher 3 but I can't make afterburner unlock voltage control, everything google told me didn't work
Can anyone explain to me how "modern" Pascal works? Some people say Delphi is a language, some say it's a compiler, but so is embarcadero, there's freepascal, there's so much stuffI'm confused.
The download speed on my home connection is very slow. When downloading large packs via XDCC, I notice that the downloads automatically cancel after a certain amount of time. If I try to resume downloading that pack, a connection to the bot is made, and then the download cancels immediately.Is it normal for channels/networks to cancel downloads after a certain amount of time like this?Is there any way around this, like getting the download to resume from where it was cancelled?inb4 XDCC
don't worry, that's just the NSA sniffer retrieving evidence for your eventual trial on child pornography charges
Anyone have a fix to where rlvm, the program necessary in playing KEY VMs on Linux, refuses to build with a recent version of boost?
My connection is normally slow. That isn't the problem.
Should I wait for the next round of graphics cards to come out or upgrade now? Using an i5-2500k with an HD7850. I've maybe 250$ to piss away
RepostHow many flags does it take for a YT comment to get deleted?What happens when someone's YT comment gets flagged?
I would definitely wait until end of june, as I am not quite sure what 300 series bringsbut at $250 mark your choice is quite obvious the r9 290which has all the goodies of GCN 1.2 like freesync...
Pls respond
Best speakers/monitors with amazing bass under 200 USD?
Linux question, i have two partitions lets call them Systema1 and Datab1, System is where the root "/" is mounted. How do i move the folders: "home", "usr", "var" and "tmp" to the Data and make them accessible from the root ? I tried symlinks and fstab with a lame logic that didn`t worked.What i appended in my /etc/fstab:UUID=the Data drive UUID /media/data default 0 1 /media/data/tmp /tmp default 0 1/media/data/home /home default 0 1/media/data/usr /usr default 0 1/media/data/var /var default 0 1Can anyone at least point me in a right direction ?
I just found an old nc10 i slapped linux on years afo. I dont remember my login. Is there any way I can reset the name and password?
hmm I can probably bank some more money for June. Hope 300 ends up being awesome. Almost always went amd
Well I picked a bad choice for a pic
This is a question about "normal" people in IT professions.I do crazy shit on my spare time, like data hoarding/mining and writing embedded software.  Now I'm planning to set up a serious rack server setup in my apartment. Why? Because I can. I talked about all that to a bunch of guys at work, and they basically looked at me like I was crazy or something. Am I the weird one, or are "normal" people just boring?
get a new graphics card
Anyone?
How do I make Firefox remember its geometry? It seems impossible to do so with a command, all the extensions that were made for this are discontinued and no longer working. My DE is XFCE, but XFCE doesn't has an option by itself to accommodate window's geometry, it's needed to be done individually. So I guess there must be a file of code somewhere in the FF installation that has its established geometry, but I can't find any info of this online. Please help me either way pointing me to a functioning extension for FF geometry, or a third party program that is supported in XFCE to establish the geometry of a window, or the file in Firefox that must be edited to change its startup geometry. Thanks.
How often should i update arch?
Can't
Can't hear sound on my laptop where I just installed Debian.And it's strange because I was using crunchbang before that...Any suggestions?
Whats a good tablet like device for making hand written notes and whatnot.besides reading pdfs and other booklike files i dont need it to do anything more.Durable and long lasting is best.
I use pamac which has an update managerso does octopi and I think all the gui package maagers and just update whenever updates are available
You could use a different window manager that does have that support while still using the XFCE DE. I'm sure you already knew that but I like to at least pretend to be helpful.As often as you like but remember its bad manners to sync more than once per day.
Uninstall ALSA, install PulseAudio. Check the Debian wiki.All laptops are soundless in every distro that is not *Ubuntu or Mint or #!
Same situation, I had to install pulseaudio, the usual alsa stuff just didn't work for some reason.  And then make sure to unmute in the mixer, it starts out muted
Yes, I know, but I'm too lazy to take my time and rice a new WM, so I'm asking this to go the easy way, although not that easy it seems.
it's normal. if you drop the connection you're normally not allowed to resume from where you left off. use a download manager if they have one i'm not familiar with XDCC.
Turn up the volume.

Tryfrom lib import ExistenceCheckermyChecker = ExistenceChecker.ExistenceCheckerIf you still don't get it, move the file to ExistenceCheckerFile.py and play around.Also, stop using old-style classes, they're deprecated.
what exactly do i delete? alsa-base and alsa-utils now, anything else?also, pulseaudio is installed
Read the fucking Debian wiki on ALSA and PulseAudio.
or he could install a distro that's not complete shit
Kinda want to avoid paper because it ends up with more eraser marks then anything else.The reading pdfs and books part is more important though,so just a simple ereader would be fine too.
Yeah, I think I finally got it, lol.Also, what do you mean by old-style classes?
That would only be Ubuntu I guess.
what's a good way to get music for a road trip?Frostwire, most android apps and youtube-mp3 converters have gotten very shitty.
https://wiki.python.org/moin/NewClassVsClassicClassMake sure your class is in the hierarchy and inherits the good stuff from object.
well for a tablet/phablet device it depends a lot on your budget. samsung galaxy note 4 is supposed to have a decent pen for handwriting
pls respond
torrents, or I'm sure someone will reccomend soulseek cause /g/ seems to have a hard on for it
Best android smartphone under 200 Euros?I'm from Italy.
or are "normal" people just boring?yes.
it's normal. if you drop the connection you're normally not allowed to resume from where you left off.XDCC normally supports resuming of aborted downloads, just not if it was terminated by the bot because of some time limit I don't know about.
you're the weird one but that's not necessarily a bad thing. normal people are incredibly boring and hardly do anything outside of doing the 9-5 and collecting their pay check. just be aware that the rack server setup is probably going to be loud for your own sake and in case neighbors will complain
Thanks. Damn, I paid 35 bucks for lynda.com account so I can learn python 3 and it seems like the course is outdated as there is no mention about this.
I paid 35 bucksDoesn't like every other youtube channel give you a free month of lynda anyway?
consider going up to 300 euros if you can afford it. there's not a lot of interesting phones for under 200 eurosbut otherwise maybe motorola g 2 or lg g2 mini
The Python docs actually have a tutorial section that covers all of what's good about python.See also: http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Non-Programmer%27s_Tutorial_for_Python_3
That's kind of what I thought.the rack server setup is probably going to be loud for your own sake and in case neighbors will complainYeah, I know, I do sysadmin stuff on the side. I'm going to seal the thing shut in a padded container right next to a window, and use a dedicated A/C unit already got one to keep it cool in the summer. I'm probably going to replace the fans with larger ones to mitigate the noise. The PSUs will make noise and that I can't control.
How can I learn to read $ top without sifting through the clusterfuck that are the man pages.
what abou asus Zenfone 2 ZE500CL?is RAM really important? prefer atleast 2GB RAM  .
I'll check it out. Also, have you ever heard of learnpythonthehardway.org? Is it worth the money?
The learn X the hard way series is not very good in my eyes.IMO, what's important is to learn to think about how to program, after that, syntax of languages is just implementation details, a means to an end.Programming is more about thinking, modelling the problem, and breaking it down into processes than it is coding.
you don't need more than 2gb ram on a phone right now but you don't want 1gb either
What's the best way to set up a VPN server on an Ubuntu server machine.I tried setting up openvpn a while back, but it's stupidly complicated. to get forward-secrecy working anyway
Don't ubuntu isn't well hardened for it.Really you want debian which is much easier to maintain and secure, doesn't use landscape to report to canonical etc.
I tried lrnpythehardway. I downloaded a pdf. it's python2. which is whatever. wasn't anything difficult to translate. but I didn't really learn much and it felt extremely rusheda book I'm reading now "Programming in Python 3" is turning out to be really good so farI've also tried codeacdemy for python. it also teaches python2. I learned the basics from there, but I don't think it's the greatest either. not bad though
I don't have any landscape packages installed, and the server's running just fine.I don't see what difference that'll make to setting up the VPN server though.
yeah i think asus zenfone 2 ze500cl is good for the price. RAM is important but 2 GB is perfectly fine
I don't have much knowledge in routers and shit but I'm staying with my mum and dad this weekend and they have a BT router that everyone uses to connect to the internet but I noticed on the other side on the house there is a netgear n300 router that is always on put does nothing. I asked them about it and they said its to extend WiFi range. But it couldn't be since it comes up as an entirely different router and when I try to connect to it there is no internet access. Is there anyway I could set it up or have they bought a router that does nothing?
I'm using Pentadactly with my current Firefox setup and I want to change the position of the statusline from the bottom of the browser to the top. How do I go about doing this?
I realize I'm super late to the party, but realistically what are the upgrades from Win7 to Win8.1? Is it even worth going through the trouble of "purchasing" it? I'm also curious about Win10 as well.
log into the administration interface and set it up.also turn off BT hotspot, you have like 5 networks on the BT router, one that acts as a public hotspot for BT so people can use your internet.Not sure why you would use that scam of a company though.
Considering buying a samsung gear 2, any reason not to?
you can upgrade from 7 to 8.1.it's not worth it, because 10 will be free for 7 and 8/8.1.so you'd pay for an upgrade that you use a month until you get 10.
that you use a monthWhen IS 10 coming out anyway?
If your concern is solid secrecy, as it seems to be, then installation is not that important compared to the regular upkeep and overall system hardening.A good VPN isn't worth shit if you didn't turn on fail2ban and you got your password brute forced and they're simply reading all your traffic.
watchbattery lasts barely more than a day
ask /g/ for help on a hardware problemtells me it won't fix itselfproblem fixes itself after a week
what are the upgrades from Win7 to Win8.1none that i know ofI'm also curious about Win10 as wellDirectX 12
I can't upgrade for free from 7. But like, what did they actually improve is what I'm asking. Is it basically just a fucking reskin? Does it still use 2GB of ram just chillin?
Hardware is still malfunctioning and is bound to break again any time.
you can upgrade to 10 for free when it's out, not sure why you wouldn't.improved in what, 8 or 10?
Please respond.
I use talktalk myself not that it's any betterSo am I logging into the BT's settings or netgears's I have access to both, as long as the settings tell me what they want me to do I should have no problem. Also could you explain the hot spot thing it but further?
How do I return a bidimensional array from a function and consequentially use it like array[y][x] in C? The array returned can be of various sizes.
I recharge my phone once a day, why not my watch as well?
Literally either. FYI My system registers as not genuine, so i was considering actually purchasing 8 or 10. However i would like to know what has improved, are either 8 or 10 more efficient or offer any features? is it all fucking bloat? that's what im getting at.
log into the netgear and set it up.if it's a shit one you can't use it as wireless repeater and the options will be missing.http://bt.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/12958/~/how-do-i-opt-out-of-bt-wi-fi%3F
Thanks. A repeater is all I want
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Features_new_to_Windows_8https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_10#FeaturesWait for 10 and hope it'll be cheap, no point in getting 8 now.
A couple months.
Also I'm just my parents for the weekend. I'm protested to set up the repeater, not go through BT customer service
*prepared
i don't know what you'd call doing so but to anyone who understands how to i guess modify the kernel to suit your system, and how to program modules/edit modules or whatever, how did you learn? like... eg which books/pdfs would you rec for someone who wants to learn?
I have fail2ban installed and only use certs for login.I'm not a tard, and you're not answering my question.
install gentooI'm actually serious thats how I got into compiling a kernel to suit my needs.
i am trying to make an adb backup before i wipe my Nexus 5 which will not boot up. it tells me to unlock the device and confirm the backup, but all i can do is get to recovery and cannot access this. what do i do?
hm ok thanks
I keep getting I/O errors when downloading torrents.It usually does this when I'm downloading big files 2+ GB in totalWhat does it mean?Is my hard drive about to fail?Is it just qBitorrent that's shit?Is it because my hard drive is nearly full? 20GBs left though, should be fine enough for something under 10GB
OS 10.7Creating recovery imageunder select folder to image -- recovery -- com.apple.recovery.boot folder AND System folderThe instructions say to image the com folder but says nothing about the System folder.  Apple didn't help much either.  Since both are under the recovery disk, maybe both should be imaged.  But the instructions are otherwise fairly comprehensive, still I wonder.Should I image both?ありがとうございます
Gentoo wiki walks you through compiling the kernel, I have mine set up with a script that does it now, but each time I have the script being up menuconfig so I can make needed changes to the kernel, each option has descriptions as well and you can search or do whatever its really helpful and great. The menuconfig part is the same on any disto though.
I keep getting I/O errorsWhat does it mean?It means there was an error related to input or output. Hope this helps.
I suppose you're using Windows. This is a common qBittorrent Windows bug whe your HDD is almost full, yes. Install loonix.
I have a Samsung bd-d6500 and when I try playing mkvs off a usb device it sometimes lags and gets out of sync requiring me to pause it. Are there any specific file types or anything that I can get out of handbrake to stop this shit? It usually only happens with bigger file mkvs. Currently trYing to watch a 9gb 1080p movie and I've had to pause twice to resync it
I understand that bit but it's still pretty vague.Thanks for the help, I've searched a lot on google and couldn't find an answer.Should I switch software or should I just stop being poor and get a new hard drive?
SupI built my PC 2 years ago, and I didn't really put much research into it before I built it.Looking to upgrade my graphics card, but should I just wait a year or two and just make a completely new build?Thanks
Where does /g/ pirate their books? looking for absolute C++ 6th ed. they didn't have it at my local library and I don't have the money to pay for it
how do you guys "get around" linux so to speak without a DE. I can think of lots of ways myself but none are super efficient.say you need a file but dont know the name, or dont know where its located? what do you do? any helpful commands, packages you guys know of, tips in general, etc. ?
What SSD brand is best?
http://it-ebooks.info/this website is the fucking shit
what's the preferred animu setup for MPC-HC nowadays?Is it still xy-vsfilter + MadVR?Got i5-3570k and a GTX 970
I've been lucky just by using the piratebay. There's also a list of MEGA links if you follow the links of the sticky.
Would you still use Linux on a desktop if you had to pay for it? 300 USD for RedHat ISO100 USD for Mint ISO50 USD for Arch ISOIn this hypothetical scenario, you cannot pirate it.
It's already free and no one uses it.
I don't use it and it's free so no.
/thread
How much for Gentoo?
If the seller offered support that was worth my money.If not I'd probably go with BSD.
70% of the wall street's stock rely on Linux.
Yes, Arch all the fucking way.
Why BSD?
Would you use Windows if you actually had buy it? so no OEM versions forced down your throat
Op, you are missing the pointYou SHOULD be paying for your distroI donate $150 a year to debian and $40 a year to Linux mint I really like cinnamonAll free software is reliant on donations and you SHOULD be donating, even if it is just $2 every time you download an iso
In a heartbeat
I would pay $50 for Windows 8.1 or 10, but it wouldn't be worth it for me to spend any more.I started using GNU/Linux as I grew wary about Daz Loaders and all that.
I would continue using OpenBSD and FreeBSD
I would, yes. I'm more or less a full time Mint/Arch user with the very rare boot into Windows 7 now and again. Over the last 20 ish years, Windows has been nothing but trouble for me, but is required for my work or occasional software I run. My Arch/Mint installations are rock solid, fast and apart from rare exceptions which is usually caused by me, never crashes or fucks up. My forensics/security work heavily relies on GNU/Linux and I'm very impressed with the consistent improvement.Do I pay for Windows? Yes. Do I think it's worth it? No. Paying for GNU/Linux on the other hand? Yeah I would.
No, I'd go with a free alternative like BSD, Hurd, MINIX, Haiku etc.
https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.html#PiracyYou can still commit a copyright infringement by distributing GPL'd binaries without offering source code.
OP here. I bought Windows 8.1 Pro.
rekt
This. I donate $20/mo to OpenBSD and buy the CD set every May/November
I would totally pay like $50 for Fedora, granted all future updates and versions are included.
:^^^^^^
try to donate fedoraredhat sponsors our shit so we don't really need money we need mirror servers and your involvement in the project!ain't got no time for this niggaI saved some money that day.
If it was still free as in freedom, probably yeah. Not free? Then I might as well go to Windows
I wish I had money to donate.
aaaaay lmao
bu-but my custom music players with loli slideshow and tinfoil security
Pls leave eOS dev
Linux is cool and all, and I like that they're encouraging openness, but fuck no I wouldn't pay for it. It's extremely counter-productive to work with, which is why 90% of it's software hasn't changed in 20 years.
just because you paid for it doesn't mean there isn't source code
I'd pay $20 for Ubuntu. I should go donate
kek
Why fix it if its not broken? 90% of the "changes" in most proprietary software is just updating the UI to match whatever the latest hipster design trend is.
arch is the cheapest in the listimplying people would pay money for that broke piece of shit
this
I would compile it from source since it is FLOSS.
I would use a Microsoft compiler lol.
For me, free both as in beer or freedom is hardly my reason to use linux.I start using linux because maintaining windows is pain in the ass no matter how much you put protection and common sense, at some point there will always some idiot who click malicious executable, visit shady website or plug their usb stick on my machine mostly my best friend. The fact that i can run office 2010 on my linux machine is the point where i decide to never go back to windows.
And how do you handle Flash?
I would just use BSD. Or pirate it, I really cant imagine any form of DRM.
HTML5 everywhere nowYou do realize you can use flash on linux right?Or just install chromium
50 for arch? Hell yes. That's a lifetime of updates for 50$.
Nigga, even on windows you don't want flash.muh porn gamesJust use the flash standalone player and block all access.
2015flashwhat?I'm not that guy but I don't have flash installed and I haven't come across anything that required it in the last year at least.
I haven't used arch so I'll just rehash some memes!Now I look smart!can't tell if b8

It's useless as a desktop OS so why would anyone pay for it?
No because every distro out there is just a big collection software made by various people and companies thrown together. I'd donate for the effort of doing all this at most.
can't play the newest cawadootyuseless
donating to shitty causes
WOAHWOAHWOAHdonating to UbuntuWhy not donate to something that doesn't install Amazon shit on your computer and is actually good? Donate to Linux Mint.inb4 its ubuntu-basedI know, but at least it's not shit like UbuntuI mean really, crapware? On Linux? Where did it all go wrong...
What a skillful shitpost. First guy beat you to it.
Donate to a derivative of a derivative? I thought you'd at least say Debian, moron.
It all started with a big bang, anon. Everything is derived from something else.
See Yggdrasil, Mandriva, Xandros, Linspire for a range of 1995-Now and a whole bunch of smaller and even less successful ones that tried and failed.Take a look at Ubuntu, from 2005 until now the desktop Ubuntu has made Canonical absolutely $0. Shuttleworth can pump millions in without worrying, GNU/Linux desktop has come a long way but is still worse than Windows or Mac. Nobody in the real world with families and jobs cares about customization or free as in speech software if it sucks ass and at some point you have some fat retard neckbeard feeding you obscure terminal commands over a shill forum because nothing fucking works right and even though it works on osx or windows they will go on an autistic rampage about how its everyone else s fault and not theirs [gnu/linux's].
How is donating to something I use every day a shitty cause?What is a non shitty cause? Is giving money to Nepal a non shitty cause because I don't plan on helping some shitty country that I don't plan on using anything or anyone from
Cuck
Still free, nobody pays for a fucking stage 2 uncompiled kernel
I bought win Vista ultimate when it came out and win 7 ultimate as well.. money well spent..
30-50 bucks for something like Arch Linux actually seemed fair to me to be honest, its got a neat documentation and tons of up-to-date package.Desktop Linux definitely has its niches in which it can be pretty useful. If you are administrating unix-based servers, or develop platform independent software most Linux distributions are the only practical way except of getting a Mac.The company I currently work for creates network monitoring software C++/Python/PHP, runs on all unix-based operating systems and everybody is either using Macs or Linux boxes, cause Windows is just too much maintenance effort getting a proper posix environment and all that networking stuff working, its not worth it, since we don't depend on any Windows exclusive software.Linux is also pretty nice for web development, since you can run a local web server environment easily instead having to fuck around with virtual machines for every little shit.
Everyone installs using the Stage 3 tarball now though.
Yes.I cant count how many copies of 98/xp/7/8 I bought over the years, I just throw an OS disk in with the parts when building a new rig and sell my old rig with clean install of its original disk/key and throw the disk in too.Going to buy 2 copies of 10 when it comes out and sidestep muh free upgrades because MS do a great job and it's money well spent, better then using that cash on some freetard projects that get in your space begging like alcoholic homeless and making excuses for their own failings.

I wouldn't have to pay for it its GPL.
300 USD for RedHat ISOYou DO have to pay for RedHat not Fedora or CentOS but no operating has ever been that expensive. It's $50/year.https://www.redhat.com/apps/store/desktop/
No, I would use *BSD
samefagging this hard
It says "hypothetical scenario". Implying Linux isn't GPL and that you would have to pay to download it. Shitposting this hardFuck off.
NO FUN ALLOWED
parted magic.well worth the price.when it was free as in beer you'd be a retard not to have a copy.
Half this thread is shitposts. It ruined the possibility of a decent discussion regarding the topic.
NO FUN ALLOWEDYou think GNU/Linux not being free of cost is a fucking joke? It's a freetards worst nightmare.
Did you forget you were on 4chan?
Probably not because i would assume a lot of businesses would try using something else that had been cobbled togethwr without cost. Businesses are all about saving dat dosh
4chan is a place were everybody can have a voice without being drowned by other posts that have been upvoted due to popular opinion.It isn't a place for underaged twats to post ebin maymays and shit everywhere. They can fuck off to /b/ and leddit.
Businesses use Windows and don't mind paying for it.The only people cheaping out and using Linux are literally niggers.
Where can I get a pair of those rose colored glasses
where do i find these porn games
They do mind paying for it. But they fear being lost without support even more.
Flash standalone player?
Would we still have access to the source code? Could anyone still contribute to it? The *free* part of Linux is quite integral to it's features in general. If it were not free to contribute, distribute, etc. It would be just like any other Unix system, and certainly wouldn't have the benefits it has as it is. I'd use *nix over windows any day, but if Linux and I assume no other system were free I'd have to decide differently.It's actually an interesting Idea to ask whether open source culture is inevitable and whether there would always develop some free alternative to proprietary software, even if it doesn't get too popular.
Adobe Flash Player projector: https://www.adobe.com/support/flashplayer/downloads.htmldownloadblock in firewall/selinux/whatever use uselink .swf files with it
Thanks Anon.
/thread
paying for intangible goods
Are you telling me that 97% of all the supercomputers on the planet are owned by niggers?
With my knowledge up to this day - yep, but only because you made me not pirate it
Are you telling me that 81% of smart-phone users are literally niggers?
I'm a linux fag and I'm not even mad. kek
ooh shit almost made me mad
Linux dominates Supercomputers at 97%Linux dominates smartphones at 81%Windows has virtually no Tablet usersLinux has about 50% of tabletsThe top selling laptops last year were ChromeBooks thats GNU/Linux!Most web servers are LinuxLinux dominates such a ridiculously large amount of computing devices its not even a competition.If you are a Linux user, there is literally no reason to be mad :^
Could you link tot the article please, seems like a good read
Its not 2010 any more.  GNU/Linux just works
Yes, it has support, a huge user base to help troubleshoot any issues you may come across and has a larger amount of software for it.
everyone who admits using windows actually lies and is only shitpostinglinux+/g/nu tard
old le android is linux memeplease
Would you still use Windows if you couldn't download it for free?
I already payed 25$ in donations
Fucking hell, this burn is incredible.
I have a legal copy of Windows 8.1.
cant tell if serious or just retarded
because you live in your parent's basement and have nothing better to do but configure things all day
Fuck linux. I downloaded firefox.tar.gz  and when I double clicked it, not only did it fail to install, dumped a shit load os weird named files and folders all over my desktop. Went to the gentoo formum mad as hell and they told me to fuck off and laughed. Linux - not even once.
implying BSD wouldnt be as good as Linux within a matter of months
No I would not use Linux, it is not worth my time or money. I was brainwashed just like you, for almost five years I used unbuntu and it did 'work' it was a pain to get random black screens locking the whole computer up. Yes I tried all kinds of things to recover from the lockup until I realized why am I putting up with this subpar software, so I switched back.TLDR: Linux is shitware
He doesn't know about makefile
AHHAHHAHAHAHAthis is a joke right?10/10 joke !
Not him buthaving to compile every program you want to useI tried it for a while on OS X but thank God most programs are already compiled on OS X.
http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.en.html#Piracy
Every linux distro is gentoo
thats fine and all but 99% of linux users dont use a distro that requires them to compile anything
every linux distro is a widely supported one like Ubuntu, Fedora or Linux Mint
yes on a server or other backend systemfuck no on a desktop
you dont really have to compile every program you use, or even most programs.  Updating shit is also way smoother with linux too once you do get it installed which is usually easier to do than on windows, in terms of actual effort involved
i would
most linux users dont use distros that are the distros that most people use
All that and they still can't make their desktop experience usable?
No but if it cost money it would get more dedicated support.
I already pay $50 for a set of OpenBSD CDs every year.

found the freetard
Im sorry that you have baby duck syndrome and are also incompetent at computers

i paid $7.50 for fedora core 5 some time ago2 dvd's worth of packages was worth it considering i was still on dial up at the time
If Linux wasn't free, then yeah, I'd pay for RHEL or Debian for server use.I don't use it because it is free in either sense, if anything I really do not like the GPL and prefer MIT/ISC. I use Linux as a server because it is easier, faster, and more secure.
this.I'm not a daily linux user, but I'm a firm believer that you should contribute to something you benefit from if you can.
whats up with them CDs? they're shipped from CCHQ right? xD
I'm pretty sure some variants of Red Hat cost money
RHEL has a license. Fedora's free.
RedhatTrashMintTrashArchTrashGentoo.Seriously.  Gentoo.95% of you faggots are not even smart enough to install it to know what GNU/Linux feels like.I fucking hate this place.
Shut the fuck up and donate to debian, numbnuts.
Did your Gentoo skills get you a job yet?
If every Linux distro hypothetically became proprietary commercial software, I'd start using OpenBSD.
implying I need a job.
Mom's got that covered, amirite?
pure Intel hardware in a laptop I just got Dell Latitude E6420 so it's 4 years old, Sandy Bridge architectureload Linux on it last night don't bother to ask for the distro, I won't reveal it suffice to say it's mentioned here on /g/ constantlyIntel HD 3000 graphics are a bit slowhit 01.org to get the latest Intel HD 3000 graphics installer for that GPU and Linux specificallyget the installerinstall the installerrun the installer"Your platform is not supported..."start over again with another distrosame problemtry 4 different well known and very popular distros"Your platform is not supported..."fuck LinuxFuck Linux, hard, fast, deep, and mercilessly.Fuck Linux in the ass just because you can.Linux sucks.Been free since day one and I used Slackware 1.0 and even some code that Linus released in those days long ago before it ever became a distro at all.It still fucking sucks.
Off course a delusional Linux user will defend their os.
uarerite
Chevrolet won the Indy 500 last year, why aren't you driving a Malibu?the supercomputer/server example used in the context of its performance in home desktop use is really a fantastic example of how must GNU/Linux users on /g/ are literally just hipsters or retards who are too dumb to maintain a windows installation properly
 hit 01.org to get the latest Intel HD 3000 graphics installer for that GPU and Linux specificallyThe fuck? Why don't you use your package manager?
Linux is literally baby duck syndrome: the OS
I'd just stick with FreeBSD like I do now.
- Flexible, stable- Has desktop softwareMaybe some are hipsters, but there's really no problem with running desktop software on Linux. too dumb to maintain a windows installation properlyHave not yet found any Windows users who can read the memory dump their bluescreen causes or such a thing.Have seen quite a few Linux users who can do it for the Linux kernel dump.
Most POS terminals are still running windows
This.Most Windows devs Ive worked with cant get by without their tools doing all the work for them in regimented, inflexible ways: .Net, EntityFramework, SQL Server, VS, etc.Linux encourages multiple solutions and understanding over mouseclicks.
Because the package managers for the given distros don't get the latest available driver, that's only available from Intel at that website.The point is: the package installer is in the distro's format rpm, deb, etc and it did install the installer but not the actual drivers or necessary files. The installer basically shits itself immediately.I suppose the issue could lie with the installer itself, but I mean really: when you run an installer designed for a given platform and it says your platform is not supported, both the installer and the platform fucking suck ass, period.never have such issues with Windowsno matter how many Linux blowhards complain and bitch about Windows, the shit fucking works, period
You act as if you don't have to configure every OS, even Windows requires things like setting up your wifi, username, etc. It takes a few minutes at most to configure any OS to a usable state and on *nix machines you have the benefit of being able to just bring your config to a new machine. I'd argue it takes less time since I just bring my dot files with me to any machine and configuring it is as simple as copying those files one time in a few seconds.
http://www.areweflashyet.com/shumway/
 driversSo you're correct when it comes to the only reason Windows has been favored as a distro since 95: games. 20 years of API's will do that for you.
  GNU/Linux users on /g/ are literally just hipsters or retards who are too dumb to maintain a windows installation properlySo you admit it, ganoo is more user friendly and easier to maintain?Cool, I don't have time to fuck around with my desktop fixing shit, so I guess I'll stick with the linux. Thanks for confirming my suspicions.
Linux scp -r ~ newhost:~Windows c:/faggots/obscure/fucklife.cfg c:/outdated/unemployment/yeah.txt
Sounds like the hardware manufactures fault, if it's their driver and it's not working on the platform it's meant for then it's their fault since they made it and they gave it to you. How is that anyones fault but theirs?People should be more concerned about this than anything else, locked down hardware. Hardware should be open enough to allow anyone to write a driver for it for any OS themselves, only then would you be able to blame the person that wrote the 3rd party driver for your specific distribution of your OS.
I still have no fucking clue why its the C drive
Windows also stores a bunch of shit in registry keys that are thoroughly non-portable.  There isn't even an SQL dump equivalent to put them all in .reg files.
A and B are reserved for floppy drives.  It's a relic of DOS.
Don't forget the registry where you're basically just fucked. Also those configs are not limited to just Linux, they'll work on whatever platform the software runs on.
I suppose the issue could lie with the installer itself, but I mean really: when you run an installer designed for a given platform and it says your platform is not supported, both the installer and the platform fucking suck ass, period.This has happened to Windows, OSX etc. before, so I guess every platform now sucks ass.Either that, or you're applying fault both ways when it lies one way only.Consider this: Fucking community-run purely free time9 distros have no big problems packaging their software. Why do Intel's professionals?
I feel old as shit, cut it out.
A: was the first floppy drive, B: was the second floppy drive fancy computers used to have 2 floppy drives. Autodetection of floppy disks is lacking, so the letters were generally just reserved. C: was obviously then the hard disk.
pure Intel hardware in a laptopYou got jewed m8
that burn
WAAAH MY SHITTY THIRD PARTY DRIVER BROKECLEARLY IT'S LINUX'S FAULTJust fucking use the ones that ship with your distro's kernel.
hit 01.org to get the latest Intel HD 3000 graphics installer for that GPU and Linux specificallyHOLY FUCK YOURE RETARDED
Because the package managers for the given distros don't get the latest available driverI really cant believe how retarded you are.
because hes a moron
That makes no sense.  Very few Linux users were raised on Linux; they are almost entirely converts from Mac/WindowsIm assuming you dont even know what baby duck syndrome is, which makes sense, considering youre fucking stupid as hell
but thats not how the situation played out.  its more like this:97% of the fastest cars are Chevysome fagot says only niggers manufacture ChevyConclusion:  the manufacturers who make 97% of the fastest cars in the history of the human race are niggers
Holy shit I wasn't aware of this, Ford it is.
cannot pirate itThey have finally created the perfect DRM system and they're selling software other than that?Dumb fucks.
are you actually trying to pass that off as a selling point?  slowly but surely those will all be replaced with linux as well anyway
Did you even try to run a distro like Fedora, which focuses on having newer software?
Wouldn't selling the DRM tech itself be a bad idea? The more hands it goes through the more likely it'd be compromised or tampered with unless it was somehow truley perfect.
I'd pay for Linux even if Windows were free.
And?  The only reason they use it is because Linux is lightweight and runs the tiny amount of software they need just fine. I can guarantee that 95% of it's features aren't being used on those supercomputers
Well, assuming that in this situation it's impossible to pirate it, then it would be truly perfect, therefor perfectly fine to sell.Sounds like easy $$$ to me.
a huge user base to help troubleshoot any issuesSo you are paying to a company for a product for which they offer no support to you, but instead you rely on the support that other users of the system will give to you for free?
What?
4chan wont let the link be posted.Google "Main Linux problems on the desktop 2015 edition"
Thanks man, I appreciate it
If it costed money I think I wouldn't use it.
If there was no way to continue using it without paying or even getting updates from the last free version I'd just use Windows instead.If anything they should be paying me for the hundreds of hours troubleshooting and helping other people.
Buy a copy of Debian GNU/Linux and redistribute if for free, because freedom #2.Name it OPsafagOS.
This is why GPL  BSD
lel
stealing from developers makes it betterYou freetards have no foresight, who's going to develop your software once the payments stop?
Redhat is already pay to play. And not at that price you.
I think he's saying CDs are old.
Software made by volunteers often beats the hell out of proprietary stuff in quality.
proprietary Nobody said anything about proprietary, even Linux relies on funding and paid developers. I laugh every time someone thinks for a second the good opensource projects are developed by "hobbyists".
Underrated post really.The point of Linux for most people is that it's free, I only use Ubuntu on my PCs because it's free and easier to install than Windows I use Debian and Fedora on my main machines though because I'm a ricer faggot loser
IFIFIFIFIFIFMicrosoft, fuck off.  When you have to make up bullshit "hypotheticals" just to give your shit OS a chance to compete, you've lost.Fucking viral marketing FUD bullshit.
Yes, it would still have better cost/quality relation than all of the existing alternatives.
this guy gets it
get a job, hippie
first drive was A, which was a floppy drive, having two quickly became common, so they became A and B drives, by the time hdd's got cheap enough to put into consumer machines, A and B being floppy drives was so ingrained that it made sense at the time to logically "reserve" A and B for floppy drive use, and so hdd's and other drives began with C, even after floppies died out at that point changing it was just a compatibility and familiarity issue, and not really worth changing, especially since you can always manually assign a hdd to A or B
implying i or anyone here gives a shit how much the os they use costsas if any of you pay for windows, what, it's not worth paying for? bunch of hypocrites
100/10.
proprietary Has nothing to do with the money, proprietary only means the source code is not available, only binary.
I never said it did, what's your point?
Assuming they are all still open source or else I would have no reason to use them, no. Compiling a new iso is not piracy under the GPL, so I would just do that.
There were three big bangs as you call it: Debian, Slackware and Redhat.This thread is making me feel like a fucking leecher. I should donate to Debian
You can sell them for money yourself too.
My bad Anon that was meant to be directed atwho implied propriety has to do with money.
who implied propriety has to do with money.No I didn't you mong.
what is so special about this post
it blew the freetards out of the water before they could get here
the better the distro, the cheaper it isYou really can't into marketing, don't you ?
For Red Hat you get support and ease of use. For Linux Mint you get an easy to use system. For Arch shit's harder on the user, so it's cheaper.
How the fuck do you rename a file, whose filename is too long?I have a PDF file I downloaded and the jackass made the title like 120 characters long when he could of just said "Plutarch - Moralia I"Now when I right click it there is no option to rename, delete, move, etc... and if i try to open it anywhere it wont recognize it because the file name is too long.I'm losing my mind /g/,
And I have already tried moving it to the root of the drive to shorten the full name.
$ mv filename.pdf newname.pdf?I've never heard of this being a real problem that stymied anyone for more than a few seconds. I'm kind of curious what circumstances can make this such a big issue.
Use a terminal, moron.And use a proper OS. I've only ever had a problem with paths being too long on Windows.
Step 1. Install an OS that respects your freedoms.Step 2. Rename it to anything up to 4k characters long.
windows
you can change it using CMD
That's not quite accurate. On GNU/Linux systems, the entire path can be up to 4096 bytes long. However, any filename can only by 255 bytes long.And stop using "k" as a binary unit. k is 1000, not 1024.
open consoleuse cd and tab you're welcomethen do that command
could ofDie.
He wasn't using it as a binary unit, retard. He was using it to measure the characters.
Its hilarious they actually think that is how the phrase is spelled.should of, could of, would of
And? It's wrong. The limit is 4096, not 4000.He was either mistakenly using it as a binary unit or got the path length limit wrong.
And stop using "k" as a binary unit. k is 1000, not 1024.No
I obviously can't stop you. I just hope you realize that you are up against every single standards body I know of. Using decimal notation with binary units is objectively wrong.
Jeez guys, stop saying "byte" for 8 bits. The word you're seeking is "octet"!Sent from my GNU/Hurd-powered VAX.
very single standards body I know ofYou think a 4k resolution has anything 4000 about it?
not him, but is there a standards body behind 4k? i thought that was just a de facto marketing term.
every single standards bodyExcept the actual IT industry. Nobody's going to use your retarded kibbi bubbies, deal with it.
Except in that case it is correct. It's an APPROXIMATE term for a whole class of resolutions, not an exact term.
So what? Everyone else is using retarded terms that reduce clarity so I should, too?Fuck that.Your claim isn't even true, by the way. Both Linux and OS X use the correct terminology. Many hard drive and SSD manufacturers use the correct terminology. Many ISPs use the correct terminology. The only people who get it consistently wrong are Microsoft MS being stupid, big surprise and RAM manufacturers.
With the sheer power of context you still were able to accurately tell what he meant.No need to clarify it further.
Select the file, then press F2.
I DON'T know what he meant exactly. He could have meant exactly 4096. He could have meant exactly 4000. He could have meant about 4000. We can't tell.You're right. In this case, it doesn't matter much. However, once you get up to bigger sizes and different contexts the error is bigger and the usage is more ambiguous.Hard drives use the correct terms. Windows does not. That means that Windows introduces an error of about 10% on big drives.Since hard drives use the correct terms, you might mistakenly assume RAM does, too. It does not. 1 GB of RAM is actually 1 GiB.Now you tell me: do SD cards use the terms correctly? What about CDs? DVDs? Blu-Ray? Do online storage companies use the terms correctly? Do CPUs use the numbers correctly for their cache sizes? Do GPUs use the numbers correctly for their bandwidth? You probably don't know. That means that ALL numbers you hear about the amount of data are suspect. ALL of them may be fudged for marketing. And you allow this by defending people for their incorrect usage.As we get more and more data and technology becomes more and more pervasive, the problem will only get bigger. The error is already about 10% on big drives. How big does the error have to be before you object to it?
, 
Why have you not started eating free food from your foot, you dirty grocery-shopping shills.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I25UeVXrEHQ
Because I'm not an autist
ew what the fucklinux users are such degenerates
What is gentoo?
Install gentoo to find out
, 
, 
So I have a Radeon R9 280X MSI Graphics card. Its shit. I have artifacting issues every time I use my computer. I use it alot for games so it is really disappointing. Im looking to maybe get an Nvidia card, but ive never used one and I dont know whats good compared to the Radeon cards. SOOOOO, my question is: What is a good Nvidia card that will run most anything? Not really wanting to pay more than 350$. Any Suggestions?
Obvious bait thread is obvious
ummm yeah....
970 has the best price/performance on the market. I have 2 in SLI and its awesome
Have we reached a peak in HDD capacity?In the early 2000s 80GB HDD were common and seen as high capacity drives.Now in 2015 we are seeing 8TB ones. I really don't see drives being 100x larger in the late 2020s early 2030s.
They are gonna get so much bigger, without a doubt in my mind.
8 gb seems unneccesary, especially with better drives like SSD, which will get cheaper
You clearly haven't put much effort into this point of view.http://www.techspot.com/news/58987-roadmap-suggests-hard-drive-storage-exceed-100tb-2025.htmlhttp://hardware.slashdot.org/story/12/05/22/2031204/60tb-disk-drives-could-be-a-reality-in-2016http://m.hexus.net/tech/news/storage/78717-ssds-economical-solution-hdds-2016/
They are pushing for the cloud, son.The botnet will become the overlord
8 Teras is already lierally useless.You can't have this much data unless you're torrenting 24/7And it's not like you're gonna watch/listen to anything you've downloaded
The cloud is still built using SSD and HDDs. They don't have access to some magical technology.
I have a 500 gb ssd
I don't see this panning out, Samsung has admitted multiple times they want to kill off hard drives
You're both fucking stupid
You can't have this much data unless you're torrenting 24/7They said the same shit 10 years ago, and similar things 20 years ago. Sorry, but you'll always be able to fill that storage space.
I really don't see drives being 100x biggerYour primary drive won't be 100x bigger, as it'll be an SSD.HDDs will continue to scale well for a few more years, but we're beginning to approach the limit, yes.
With 3D NAND, HBM and the constantly lower power consumption, I wouldn't be surprised to see SSDs getting higher capacities than a regular mechanical drive or a huge capacity DRAM SSDs powered by a small battery.
I agree. The current tech is immature, and we bulk them out larger than they need to be to fit old spinning rust bay footprints.
the main reason it'll be smaller is simply because the tech needs time to catch up
SSDs are fairly new introduced back in 2010s with 8-16GB capacity and just a couple of years later we already have a 3TB SSD released:http://www.guru3d.com/news-story/fixstars-highest-density-3tb-ssd-3000m-launches.htmlEven 2.5-inch HDDs don't have this capacity.Yes, the prices are still high but the technology goes even faster than Moore's law.It seems quite possible that in about 10 years the mechanical drives would be getting deprecated, just like the DVDs are practically useless now.
Spinning rust will not be deprecated as long as we use log files. Many 100 char appended writes to log files are death for SSDs on production systems, and people would rather buy pairs of disks than set up a ramdisk for logs that backs up to SSD.
But 850 PRO will live forever while TLC toys crumble into dust and the lameware on those disappears into bithell.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqXXkgh7Uno
horrible voiceshitty youtube editingconstant sperging about "voodoo magic" and "it's better because the controller has THREE COARS"can't manage IO load on a webserverSorry, I couldn't finish the video.Even with the stats he did mention, it still doesn't address the core issue of high volumes of fractional-block writes.
I have 2x4 tb drives and one is almost full.Well over 500gb in NEF files alone never mind the 1.5tb of porn and several terabytes of TV shows and movies.Stay poor faggot.
implying movies and games wont be taking up more and more storagetoday's megabyte will become today's kilobyte in 20 years
I bought a 60gb vertex soon after it came out for roughly 120 britbong monies and for that njow I can get ~500gb.Its only getting cheaper and I'm loving it m8. Planning on buying a 1tb ssd just for my steam folder when it gets cheaper.
Fucking this. I remember the days when I struggled downloading a 600mb film in a day and now with 100mbit internet connections I don't download anything less than 4gb sized films and 720/1080p TV shows.
several terabytes of TV shows and moviesWhy bother? Do you rewatch them often enough to justify that? My Internet is fast enough that I can practically stream Blu-Ray video. If I want to rewatch a TV show, I can just re-torrent it and start watching it with almost no delay.I have one or two TV shows and movies that I loved enough to justify having. The rest I can just torrent when needed.
A single episode of a TV show is already around 500 MB - and that's at a sub-HD resolution. Once UHD content becomes common, even 8 TB really won't be all that much - and somehow I doubt the resolution will stagnate there.
it's not really needed for the average or even enthusiast customer an reasonably affordable 8 TB SSD or a SSD with a longer lifespan is the future
Because I know how fast torrents come and go. Its hard to find something with 10+ seasons at similar quality or in one single torrent after a few years. Its cheap enough to archive it all and I often stream from home when I'm abroad too. Torrenting every time I want to watch something is too annoying for me.
try editing raw video you dumb fuck
This. Even raw files from a camera start to add up.
I really don't see drives being 100x largerThey thought the same thing back in the 80s and 90s. Technology, son
drives double in size every yearURE stays the same:
http://physicsworld.com/cws/article/news/2013/jul/17/5d-superman-memory-crystal-heralds-unlimited-lifetime-data-storageSoon
10TB actually if you know to to look for them.http://www.hgst.com/science-of-storage/next-generation-data-centers/10tb-smr-helioseal-hdd
I'm with you on that one man, i need to buy two 250~ GB ones for both my desktop a laptop quite soon.
I rewatch things years later all the time. Thing is I'm not psychic and I don't know what I'm going to be in the mood to rewatch months or years later. So I archive everything because I often can't get them later.Ever since megaupload was kill, I never take anything for granted anymore. Things can be redistributed and all, but if very little people care years down the road it's a lost cause. It's especially true for old TV shows and anime.
100 TB SSD when
 100TB  500mb/s write
Samsung wants to kill off hard drivesat a time when data needs are growing exponentiallydoesn't realize all that Netflix, Dropbox, Gmail, etc...has to be stored somewhere
Nvme bro
AIs will use a fucking fuck huge fuckton of spaceimplying ACTUAL AIs of coursethey will gather information 24/7 to be of actual use and they will need at least SSD speed level to be goodhow can you not see that?atoms per bit is a huge factor, HDDs SSDs much later will have to get bigger sooner or later
They can just change the size standard if needed.
you dont store streams on a harddrive retard
they could use 5.25" for startersno one uses disk drives anymore anywayseveryone has those slots freeebik troll 9/11
then on what do you store them? you engrave them on stones or what0/10
I have a 1 tertisbyte hard drive and it's plenty for me
for meexactly
I remember feeling pretty savvy getting like a 500 or 750GB hard drive on Black Friday in 2006 or 2007 or something.Now I've got 2 or 3 hard drives in my desktop summing up to a little over 10 TB. I'm not in a place where I don't need more ever, but I definitely have too much data and that's more of a problem than any legitimate, intrinsic need for more capacity.
It's loaded into the memory you fucking retard
hello this is fbiDBAN 100TB HDD80mb/s2 weeks 1 run
With an 8tb drive thermite might be the better solution.
8 gb is pretty fucking small m8
You seem to be forgetting about the service provider.
implying they sell those to consumers
To avoid memory leaks, the file is usually stored in the HTML5 storage or in a temporary directory of the system drive.
thermitean orbital sander or grinder is easier.
Noone will need more than X of storage!For how many years we've heard that already?30?
yeah but it smells badmight still be a upgrade for some /g/ basements
I forgot who it was, I think Samsung, but they said using Titanium Oxide or some shit they could toss 25TB on one Platter.They'll definitely get bigger. Which is nice for hoarders like me. I currently have 11TB filled between 8 HDDs and a SSD.
Not him, but you can get 8TB drives if you want. There's even competition - you can choose between HGST, HGST, Seagate, and HGST!
So far I have:1.5TB HDD4TB HDD4TB HDD5TB HDDall those are for storage and yes, they're all getting used up fast.
With those access times and random read/writes? Fuck yes.
comparing based HGST to shitgate drives
True. If I had to see only one brand of options I'd rather it be HGST than pretty much anything else, but it's nice to have some real competition so there's incentive to price these drives competitively. If HGST figures that anyone who needs 8TB has to buy HGST's drives, they can set whatever price they want.
I agree with everything and yet companies are willing to pay for it though.
Lol moron
Yeah, and ultimately if I ever needed 8TB in a single drive I would pay for it too, but it'd be after balancing the trade-offs can I afford to lose 8TB of data getting a Seagate? Would it be cheaper to get a motherboard with more SATA ports? Or an add-on card for more SATA ports? etcI imagine companies go through this process as well, but without as much hand-wringing as an individual with a relatively limited budget. In the big scheme of things, allocating an extra 50% to the costs of electronics especially if it means they  can assume a lower rate of hardware failure and fewer recovery costs is relatively trivial compared to hiring an employee which has a lot of trailing costs like benefits, HR/onboarding processes, and all that shit
Not true.For most people, sure, you don't need above 1 TB... maybe 2 TB if you really want to be excessive.But for anyone who works in any sort of creative capacity on a computer, storage is invaluable... especially if its video data.
Lol? Implying that raw video footage is even available to most consumers...The cheapest, entry level raw format video camera is like $10k...
Need and use are two different things. I don't really NEED more than around 250 GB, maybe, but I'm currently using well over 1 TB.
My essential files are roughly 1TB, with backup 2TB. I have 1TB of porn and 3TB of TV-series/videos/games. I think my case is a pretty similar to many people in here. In total that works out to be roughly 6TB. With an 8TB drive, I'd have another 2TB to grow into over the next years. It would be just perfect.
watyou're one of those faggots who didn't originally want to run fiber cuz the internet would never be faster than T1, aren't you?you can DL for 1 day and get 8TB of data, fuck off
getting b8edYa dun goofd
didnt someone arleady launch 10TB HDDs and 10TB SSDs?
not to mention SSDs are technically a lot cheaper to make.. parts/metal wiseHDDs will reach a limit, and be used for only cold storage.. I'd say guaranteed before 2050 where they'll be used as much as tapes are used for backups today.in the beginning it was only solid state and in the end it'll be only solid state
X amount of space is all you'll ever needFucking filled my 2TB already and expecting to get a few more 2 TB drives, soon.If you have the space and do anything competent with a computer, you'll use it.
There's fewer matter in them but they're not cheaper to make because of it. They're more intricate and complex.
backing up games or TV series... everIt's not like they will get banned in a Hitler style book burning.
video feeds from 12 HD security cameras fill 8TB quite fast
sorry, meant to say "less matter", but for some reason got mixed up with "fewer materials" I guess.
SSDNot exactly:http://www.gizmag.com/high-capacity-3d-flash-memory/36782/http://www.techtimes.com/articles/42867/20150328/3d-nand-chips-by-intel-and-micron-make-10tb-ssd-possible.htmHDDSee 
The galaxy s6 can record 30fps 4k, 60fps 1080p and 120fps 720p
my current install is over one year old and I'm only using 49 GB2015not streaming stuff
Anyone have a download for pomf.se's Windows client?
http://pomf.se/tools.html
windows client :^not writing your own clientbegging on /g/
I must be retarded, but the windows client is dead
Why don't you write it, seems like a simple project
https://getsharex.com/
Well?Should I be exited?
You will be.
Or else.
OH HAI GUYS CHECK OUT MY NEW UTUBE CHANEEL PLZ ENJOY AND LIKE
Are you excited about the next libogg release? zlib? libjpeg?
m$
Absolutely not.
yes, you should be very excited for vulkan
Do people even use DX11 api?
vulkan will be the next big meme
No, because it was a gimmick and after a year DX 11.1 came out, so everybody went like "fuck off"
Vulkan is the more exciting API. DX12 is just more vendor-lock-in bs and wont even work on anything other than windows 10.
tfw your favorite game still uses dx9
I can't wait for 2026, when Vulkan is common enough to actually be used for anything.
Do you think the same will happen with 12?
intel drivers already done, waiting for spec releasedota 2 already ported, people from other big gaymen companies give talks on vulkan confsyes, yes, 2026
yes. it's the same thing as vulcan but proprietary and locked to windows 10. it'll be abandoned by 2017
marketing and nothing but marketingAbsolutely haram.
Don't forget to subscribe!
it will support even less versions of windows than the previous. Meanwhile OpenGL supports practically everything.
Are there any clues whatsoever about when Vulkan will actually be released?
Yeah, I have a gtx 980 now and I plan to SLI another and the combined Vram thing is a huge deal. Besides that I guess whatever visuals and better performance come along are nice too. I def was keeping dx12 in mind to not upgrade for a while.
I think Ive been using dx11 since... 2010? Like when I got a gtx 480. Plenty of games soon supported it like battlefield series etc. GTA V and Witcher 3 are DX11 with dx10 and maybe for gta v 9 modes?
The only reason anyone even cares about direct x is that it's with microsoft who got most of the pc gamers from the mid 90s with easy to use windows 95. All the game makers were like oh shiiiiet all these customers can easily use this os and we will have more buy our games. Oh microsoft is telling us to use direct x? Okay.I dont really see the main API or OS changing being tied to each other with everyone gaming on it anytime soon. Theres more linux stuff lately and other OSs with the mobile deal but it still hasnt put a dent into growing average combination of PC-Windows-DirectX for gamers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzFe5OOHZkoYes, you should be exicted.
only avaliable on x version of shitdowsFuck them and their shit since vista.
"Later this year"
Vulkan works everywhere there's literally no reason to use DX12. All it's going to do is lock your game into Windows 10 and exclude XP, 7, and 8. Plus you'll have to write an opengl or vulkan port for mobile and consolesaside from the bone anyway.
Yes. With DX12 or Vulkan, whoever comes up on top, customer wins.
Both say D3D11, though, so nothing to do with DX12. I guess it's some difference in driver architecture in Windows 8 vs 10, rather.
Maybe it's using 11.3
Psst, its the DX12 drivers backported to win 8 showing that the reduction in overhead helps even DX11 games.
dota 2wow, its fucking nothing, none of the big AAA studios will use it because everythings locked up to DX12, come back when the newest COD is using Vulkan
Regardless of directx version, the WDDM 2.0 backend is used on windows 10.
clocked to 1150so what AMD card are they using?
It says in the description - a 280x.From my limited understanding of Vulkan and guessing DX12 isn't too far removed the 290 and 290x will see enormous gains under true Vulkan/DX12 titles due to the insane amout of ACE they have.Hell compute in general is AMD's strong point so them leveraging that for DX12 and Vulkan MIGHT lead to older Nvidia cards eating dust compared to similarly aged AMD cards that rrun GCN. Not sure about how good maxwell is at compute though, but if pic related is anything to go buy it hasn't got shit on AMD's GCN architecture.
i5-3570k@4ghzAMD 280X@1150/1200
stop dreaming freetard
I disagree. Consumers as a whole win if vulkan wins but it's possible that dx12 will become the more common API and devs just ignore vulkan. If that happens then we might be looking at another dx10, a standard that no one wants to adopt because they're afraid of using their customers on older versions of windows or on other platforms.
I forgot where I saw the graphs some European site but AMD will get great gains while Nvidia gets only so-so but still significant improvements.AMD also makes considerable improvements in CPU performance in CPU heavy games as well.
That didn't even make sense.
usinglosing* their customers on older versions of windows.
Its not about being good at compute, its just that payload when dealing with compute is big, which means that you pretty much take driver performance out of the equation.Driver performance right now is the biggest thing thats holding back AMD, often 2-5x slower then the Nvidia counter part.Combining an AMD cpu with an AMD gpu is a giant joke right now, only because their CPUs don't have the single core performance to deal with their shitty driver.

Thanks to the way Win10 will be a free upgrade to 7 and 8/8.1 there should be less issues with people not wanting to buy upgrades to the newer OS and it should only be leaving behind XP and Vista gamers and nothing of value was lost.
Mother of God. Not only do they have actual 4GB now but they also get more performance than Maxwell. Shame about the HOUSEFIRE temps though
It is worth pointing out those charts using emulated cores i.e not an actual 6 core chips, so cache differences might be a factor and are several months old.Not that this detracts from the gains shown, but star swarm is basically a synthetic test and this the data should be viewed within that context.
Are they going to open it up to other OS yet or will it be another pissing match with opengl where there needn't be?
have you read anything in this thread?
Vapor-X or Tri-X coolers run lower than ACX 780 GTX Ti
dota 2 already porteddota 2 isn't even ported to source 2 yet let alone Vulkan, the workshop tools are DirectX only and make use of D3D only features.I wouldn't bet on it.
how do I  perform a syn attack? or any attack to overload a specific IP
Don't be evil
, 
, 
So, i decided to organize a command war betwen me and some friends, we will fight against each other sending commands through the CMD and a program like Team weaver. Do you guys know any command that i could use that can be helpful?The only rule there is: - can't instantly shut it down Shutdown -F Have to be within 10 secs to use that command Shutdown -F 10
ayy lmao
del c:/System32
log out
del c:/system32bring the big guns OP
the pc's have disk freeze, and breaking windows dosn't count, have to be SHUTTED DOWN. and windows don't let you delete that file :c; i tryed xD
Net stop/sc stop critical service
xDget out
r u afraid of neo4chan??? xD
del C:\Users\*Fuck wrecking an install, go for personal files. Assuming you have permissions. Not sure how your setup works.
As i said, can't brake windows, just Shut it down.
We gonna be on generic PCs nopthing personal. from our tecnology school. the windows on those is brand new, and have disk freeze so...
 :s start "" %0 goto s
Not the guy you replied to, but it doesn't. Reboot will fix it. It just terminates the process. I'm not even much of a Windows user anymore. Get it together.
Faggot
We can acctually loop, but gonna be using that to defend my pc from being shutted down, Gonna use some loop to do Shutdown -A
Yes indeed, the reboot will fix everything what we did to the machines, but tthe idea is NOT to brake windows, but shut down the machine. They must have a chance to stop us from doing that. Shutdown -A
Do you guys know any command that i could use that can be helpful?cmd /?helpThank me later.
Disable your networking. Wait till one person left then enable and snipe.
LOL don't want to use 4 week searching for every single command on the CMD and there is not all the commands that i can use. also im asking for combinations that you might think are useful
That would be unfair. that's the most OP Command on earth..... xD
I organized a game where me and my friends "out-cmd" each otherbut I don't know anything about cmdand I sure as hell don't want to learn anythingThis is you.
So the object is to shut it down?
Yup...
Im acctually studying THAT, im on an early stage so my knowledge is very basic. that's why im here :
How aboutsudo apt-get linux-you-piece-of-shit
Cuz i learning to fix/clean Pc's and most of the people use Windows, so im learning to get paid for it. People that use Linux usually know what they're doing and don't need pay anyone to fix anything for them ;
Ugh, cringe... Fuck off summer
Fuck off. You're probably just just a plebbitfag who wants some "funnie screencaps" to post.
This is just the beginning.
You sound gay.Why not have a snapshot of a virtual machine.That way corrupting windows won't matter.
So... Uh,  how do you win? Making the other computer unusable? Sounds like a dumb game
I don't get what is going on in this game. It sounds like,  person a, shutdown person b. Person b, don't shutdown shutdown person a. Etc
Can we have podcast thread?What are your favorite podcasts?Are they tech/programming related?Do you even listen to any podcasts?
bumpI semi-regular listen to Ruby Rogues.I think that doesn't really matter if 70% of episodes are ruby related.They often discuss CS/programming books, programming techniques, other languages and software architecture among others.http://devchat.tv/ruby-rogues/
Bill Burr's monday morning podcasts. The only thing I can recommend off the top of my head.
I've been archive binging Hello Internet.I like it.
Thanks, Hello Internet looks very interesting, downloading #13 already.
HI is pretty cool. It's the guy behind CGP Grey and... some other thing, basically chatting for an indeterminate amount of time.
Want to build a cheap fileserver and a webserver only for local testing, but don't know if I should go with the Raspberry Pi or the Banana Pi.Fileserver is just for storing backups, porn and movies. Would be nice if I could stream them over the network.Any of you guys already has a fileserver with one of the above mentioned?Or should I go with something completely different?
First of all you need to install gentoohttps://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Raspberry_Pi_Quick_Install_Guide
I use an RPi for testing stuff and it's fine.
I have a samba server and hentai@home node running on a dualcore atom netbook, and I never see more than 6% cpu usage.I'm sure even the raspi is fine for your needs.
Why not. Should be fine.Or should I go with something completely different?Orange Pi 2, ODroid C1 or if you want SATA pcduino3.
For the love of god make sure it has both a SATAII or SATAIII and 1Gbit ethernet on separate buses. I have a cubieboard2 and the 100Mbit lan and the transfer speeds are horrible. Even if you don't _need_ high speeds, 12Mbps will get old _fast_.
Which devices do you recommend for that?
All the cheap single-board "computers" are cheap for a reason.Everything it does, will be done at a slowass speed.Buy yourself a motherboard with a integrated cpu instead, that will be much more of use.
What do you recommend then?Would be another possibility, but there I have at least 100 - 150 bucks whereas I would only pay 50 for a single-board.
 Everything it does, will be done at a slowass speed... the fuck am I reading?
a faggot that thinks socs are only used for file transfers
Banana pi, because SATA.
I don't get it, what is this, except some weaboos control system? Does it have a purpose?
I believe the anon said for "number crunching" essentially just a waste of electricity
B.. But..
O D R O I DDROID
Get a pi2. It's more than powerful enough for a home file server.
Don't go with the Pi for this useage. The ethernet and USB ports are gimped together on the same bus. Your ethernet speeds will be slow.It's fine for video streaming, but backup servers, pushing large files around, it'll be slow.
I have a Pi2 which downloads torrents over VPN and fileserves to the rest of the network. Works fine. Get like 50Mbps over USB Ethernet while Redding from USB disk. That's plenty to stream movies.
tfw when I got a 12 core Xeon, primarily to do the same thing.I use my Pi2 with Leopold for OpenELEC though. It peaks at like 20% cpu usage.Pi2 is amazing.
How about a pi2 for an nginx and flask server
depends on how heavyif you want to stream much and use as fileserver, go with a dirt terrorist lvl amd athlon setup. otherwise PI2B
how poor are you that you bitch about 50W?
pi2 is useable for nothing, get an odroid and stop sucking SJW cock
hentai@homt A distributed porno hosting service?
What the flying fuck is hentai@home
newfags plz go
It's a pain in the ass actually running gentoo on a rpi even with distcc.
Considering the level of autism here, I just might
buy another hard-drive
well with 50W you could power a Xeon D-1540, which destroys approximately a hundred of those clusters. Hence waste of electricity.also not even himBut pi clusters are a waste of electricity and should only be used by people who book time on supercomputers.
alright motherfuckersI need to setup a webserver is the bananapi adequate?
This, so much this. Get a mobo + PSU kit or re purpose an old tower/laptop, it'll be way faster than a Raspberry Pi.
Yes. Go for it.
if you need the GPIO ports, then yes the banana pi is much better than RBPI it also does not share bus with its usbs / ethernet ports so its neat for small servers
I used to have one OP, the old model B thoughIt had:- Arch inb4 muhh arch, it's actually pretty decent compared to the alternatives- vsftpd- SMB - sabnzbd- nginx with some scripts for file index and personal website- git for code backupsI either upload the files over FTP or SMB from windows devices. It also streams over SMB and their's probably a hundred other methods depending on your protocol of choice.It was pretty okay but ISP some day sent me a router with NAS capabilities so there was no more use for it. It's an OpenElec machine now so that I can use AirPlay, Kodi and play shit from USB drives and SMB shares
iPhone users will never go from 0% to 100% battery in secondsiPhone users will never know the joy of pulling a fully charged battery from your ring pocketiPhone users will never be able to keep their brightness up all the way without making their phone bulky as fuck with a battery case
The G3 lags though
android users will never know what it feels like to be white
not really talking specifically of the g3, but that picture is a good representation of taking advantage of multiple batteries
android users will know what it feels like to be tech illiterate
not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2L1nVOcaqm0look at 2:06there is actually more stutter going through the web page on the iphone than with the g4 al be it not the g3 still a phone with a detatchable battery
What's a ring pocket though?
that mspaint skew effect
you can know, though. just go to Starbucks and pretend to write novels.
the small pocket on the right side of jeans that sits inside the larger main pocket. usually it goes unused, but Ive taken to putting a spare battery in there just in case.
using race to shill a product
Was a watch pocket, now a coin pocket.
that's actually a really good idea
I've heard different things from different people but mostly its a ring pocket from my experience
Yeah until you need to wash your jeans
dont be autistic and remember to take it out
That pocket is too small, no way my battery is gonna fit there. Sometimes I wonder if all the people from /g/ are nordic giants, fat fucks or are using cargo pants like they were still fifteen.
Guess it depends on the battery. My note 4 battery fits in my 30/32 jeans just fine150 lb 5'11" here
, 
Why is RAM so expensive?I'm looking to bump from 16GB to 32GB.  In November 2012, I bought 2x8GB G.SKILL Ares DDR3 1600 for $54.99.Today, the same set is $107.99.  Other 2x8GB sets are similarly priced.What happened?  Why is RAM so expensive right now, or alternatively, why was it so cheap in late 2012?
No idea, best guess would be that some haitian RAM storage facilities got hit by earthquake or some shitSome HDD storage was flooded before, prices are going to be up for another 5 years, just for the sake of milking customers
You know you can download RAM for free right?
Firefox updated or some shit and it broke and I had to reinstall it. So now I need to try and remember all the add-ons I had.Can /g/ recommend me any?
Chrome.
Policeman. It restricts how a site can access other domains.uBlock - a lighter-weight adblocker
I used to have a add-on that moved the fucking menu button to the left side but I can't remember what the hell it was called.Anyone?
If you don't care about looking cool and trendy, chrome is inferior in every way possible
Ok, kid.
"I can't refute his statement so I'll just refer to him as a child!"
You're both idiots. Stop talking.
Classic Theme RestorerUblock OriginUmatrix
Are you me?
Why don't you just shut up if you aren't going to contribute.
not backing up your profileYou deserve it.Fuck people with no backups.
2015not using a portable browser and at least 2 other profile backupsYou deserve to get screwed.
bazzacuda image saver plus for batch saving all the tabs with images usefur for chans and boorusinstantfox, firefox itself has right now most of the capabilities of instantfox, but instantfox still has some nice featuresfast dial, it not may be the comfiest compared to FVD speed dial but since FVD products started to bundle superfish... fast dial has the advantage that you can use the bookmarks folder in your computer instead of using an external service like FVD for saving your bookmarks it's not a good idea, so fast dial has the advantage that you can use firefox sync directly to sync your bookmarks also is fairly customizablepoliceman and noscript are staples for controlling what content is loaded and executed in you browser with this you don't need an ad blocker practicallyblender or random agent spoofer + canvas blocker + disable plugin and mimetype enumeration if you fear to be fingerprintedself destructing cookies is good if you don't want to block cookies completely and more because some sites don't work properly but also don't want to have cookies from fishy sources saved in your computer
I have a backup but it's 2 months old. What kind of browser expects me to do manual backups every week just in case it fucks up?
use chrome and google account sync next time for ease of migration goy
It didn't fuck up, you did.
Like I don't have anything better to do
If when something fucks up, you just nuke the whole thing without properly diagnosing the problem, then, apparently, you don't. I bet you're one of those people who reinstall Windows when something fucks up and change their whole PC when a piece of hardware breaks.
ublock. I didn't realize until I install ublock that adblockplus is the one slowing down FF. FF isn't slow, adbloclplus was.With Ublock Firefox is  magnificently fast with fasterfox lite installed
people say ublock but boy it is more annoying than adblockseems I have to test 500 different blocks before the one small ad on the porn video I want to watch goes away
people say ublock but boy it is more annoying than adblockseems I have to test 500 different blocks before the one small ad on the porn video I want to watch goes awayYou are right, uBlock doesn't block every ad, many of them just hides. Continue use of ABP and don't listen to uHide shills.
Really?Even fucking UBUNTU prompts you by default after some time of using it: "Would you like to enable backups?". It would backup your ~/.mozilla if you'd just enable it.Don't tell me that windows doesn't have any backup software by default. Even OS X does.
Holy shit do you really have to shop a pic just to get people to stop using uBlock?
Unrelated question. Is there any reason to install this: https://www.eff.org/privacybadgerIf I already have uBlock Origin installed?
Well shit, didn't expect nobody to reply. Can we get some answers here?
probably not
I really don't like the way Firefox is heading, with ads on the new tab page and forced add-on signing.Is there a browser or Firefox fork left that's highly customizable and that respects the users' privacy?inb4 lynx
Midori
There's no alternative, either embrace the upcoming ad infested Firefox or use chrome botnet
This would be a really great browser if it had more addons. Firefox is just too powerful :o
Doesn't your adblocker cover the new tab ads? I don't know if it's ublock or noscript or what plugin that covers the ads but ... I never saw the,
Parabola's Iceweasel
it's a matter of broken trust imo.I feel like mozilla has an obligation to stay clear of such shit practices.
Waterfox
Pale Moon.
you can disable these recommended thumbnails ads in a new tab, whats more Opera and Chrome have it long time ago before and Mozilla need to have a money tooaddon signing is a great opportunity to protect users from the shit like HOLA botnet and other shit scam addons installed with other shit
i hope you autists understand how hard it is to run a business in tandem with championing privacy for your users. money just doesnt come out of thin air, but a lot of you think it does or just lack the brain capacity to even go that far.you pick some free browser with little to no monetary backing, just know that it will not always be up-to-date with the latest web standards, and websites will have strange bugs that may remain unfixed indefinitely. at least with firefox we have the ability to customize our browsing experience the way we like. you don't like that it doesnt "just werk"? then shut the fuck up and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
you can disable these recommended thumbnails ads in a new tabYeah but you can't disable the tracking that feeds them.
you can disable these recommended thumbnails ads in a new tab, that's not the point. Mozilla always told that they were serious about privacy, and now we get ads in such a prominent place.whats more Opera and Chrome have it long time ago before  that's not a reason to do it.and Mozilla need to have a money toofair point, but there are other ways to make money.addon signing is a great opportunity to protect users from the shit like HOLA botnet and other shit scam addons installed with other shitthen let me disable this check in the settings. No organization should tell me what software I can or can't use.
I like Chrome. Not very customisable but a good browser.
why don't they run a donation campaign like the wikimedia foundation? Both are non-profits.
How that? I have it disabled too.
They're a non profit, allegedly.
I thought about chromium, but there's no good NoScript alternative available, imo
I hate Chrome. The interface is shit, it eats ram like a starved peruvian and its add-ons are clunky and insufficient. That's without going into the botnet side of things.
i dont know? i dont work at mozilla. why dont you ask them?i like to think it's because they're not that desperate. not to mention if you want to donate, go ahead hereL https://sendto.mozilla.org
You don't need more addons.
they're not that desperatethat's a sad thought. Saying that respecting their users' privacy by not adding tracking shit = desperation is a mindblowingly deluded statement.
Be a man, and use SeaMonkey.
Don't they also have an obligation not to be sucking only on Googles teat?
ctrl-f pale moonyou're the only resultWhy don't more people use it?
i hate it as much as you, but im a realist. i dont live in a deluded RMS fantasy. people are immanently greedy shitbags and will seek to fuck over their brethren if it means their own personal gains. companies exist to make a profit. the mozilla corporation can only cut corners so much before their mission statement begins to get in the way of keeping the lights on.
they should have. In an ideal world, they should stay free from contact with any corporation at all.
Could you tell me why you think it's good? It looks promising
Because there's no reason to use a browser that needs extensions ported over when you can just install Classic Theme Restorer and stop being a bitch.
Hopefully something with Servo comes out and we all get saved
It's essentially Firefox before Australis, but with some of the newer Gecko things added.I'll note that Javascript performance is less and you'll have to fiddle with compatibility settings for some add-ons, but it's pretty good besides that.install Classic Theme Restorer and stop being a bitch.I stopped being Mozilla's bitch the instant they added the in-browser ads.
I stopped being Mozilla's bitch the instant they added the in-browser ads.I have never seen an in-browser ad.  Even if I did, I use a blank new tab page anyway.You're still Mozilla's bitch because you rely entirely on Mozilla to keep your piece of shit placebo running from all of the backported security fixes.  If you were serious about not being Mozilla's bitch, you'd be using a non-Gecko browser.
I'm happy with waterfox, use pcxFF as well but have trouble with captchas loading
Its existence is barely even known, I only found out when I searched for Firefox-forks.No ads nor drm, nor there ever will be.
If you were serious about not being Mozilla's bitch, you'd be using a non-Gecko browser.I'm curious about what you consider a good non-Gecko browser. Please enlighten me.
ads on the new tab pagebrowser.newtabpage.directory.ping = BLANKbrowser.newtabpage.directory.source = BLANKbrowser.newtabpage.enabled = falsebrowser.newtabpage.enhanced = falsebrowser.pagethumbnails.capturing_disabled = trueand no more ads
good non-Gecko browserNot him, but that's the problem. There is no usable browser that's not based on firefox, so everyone is dependent on mozilla in some way.
you can disable these recommended thumbnails ads in a new tab, that's not the point. Mozilla always told that they were serious about privacy, and now we get ads in such a prominent place.whats more Opera and Chrome have it long time ago beforeI don't get this. They are very clear and transparent about what goes into their browser and they even give you the opportunity to have a choice. that's not a reason to do it.and Mozilla need to have a money toofair point, but there are other ways to make money.lets hear your brilliant ideas, spergelordaddon signing is a great opportunity to protect users from the shit like HOLA botnet and other shit scam addons installed with other shitthen let me disable this check in the settings. No organization should tell me what software I can or can't use.They don't, but they have a saying in how they run their browser and how to handle its securityThe source is up for grabbing and again they are at least very transparent about what they are doing
you can with ublockhttps://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/wiki/Tips-and-tricks-waterfall
Hitler was transparent, too
o hai Godwin's Law
Meh, Opera 12 still werks.
Switch to icecat
That's retarded, i'd rather just use chromium with automatic extension update disabled and just block google analytics with jewblock.
I don't like ff for mobile, I want a replacement for that. It's jittery and not stable.
spicusing obsolete botnet browser
SeaMonkey and Pale Moon
Servo should alleviate those problems when it comes around.
GNU IceCat is the only sane alternative endorsed by rms.
Just downgrade firefox to 35.0
using outdated browsersNever understood why people do this,you're risking yourself by using a security hole as a browser.
see 
Alternatives for mobile:Naked browserlooks shit, but its awesomelightning browsersimilar to chromekryptonThose are the ones being recommended here a lot.
Hadn't seen that thanks. Not up-to-date rigjt now.I use naked sometimes. I'm having a hard time adjusting to how lean it is. What do you think about that?
I like the fact that it's so light, making it faster. Main complaint would be when I scroll to the right the bookmark panel comes up for example. There are other smaller things I disliked but forgot, as it was quite some time ago. I currently use firefox, but I have yet to customize my whole phone. I'll probably use either firefox are naked browser out of the current once I know.
Doing fine with Palemoon
Servo is still a ways off. The servo team is planning an alpha quality browser for android because the power savings and performance should be really visible there. https://github.com/servo/servo/wiki/RoadmapBut nothing there is actually set in stone, the browser will come when its finished.
I'll give naked another shot I think. Thanks man
It's Debian's project.
the mozilla corporation can only cut corners so much before their mission statement begins to get in the way of keeping the lights on.Mission statements are usually an admission of their faults whilst believing they  strive to be godly.
They brought that to themselves. I have to install uBlock on mobile because it crashes while loading ads.
Do Palemon play YouTube videos at 60fps?
Hello there, friend. I believe, you've mistakenly confused a browser with another type of program: a media player. Unlike the latter, browsers are used to view web pages, not multimedia content. Don't worry, this is a common mistake, for viewing media content you are recommended to use your favorite media player program, such as mpv or Bomi.
fug
Chromium.
uBlockuMatrixUnless these are 'not good' to you, they're pretty nice. And they were developed for Chrome/Chromium first, by the way.
YouTubemedia playerAnon, I know that it can be streamed through a media player, but the intended use is still from the website, through the browser.
I use opera but does it respect my privacy?also vivaldi would be an option, but the lack of addons is a dealbreaker.
little to no monetary backingnot up to date with latest standardsPlenty of open source software is cutting edge to the last, much of it even more so than it's proprietary counterparts.I am no OSS nut and I don't refuse to use proprietary software, but I know when something is good and there have been many cases where the free counterpart is lighter, more efficient and yet has as many features and is up to date.The nature of the development process does not require money, it requires popularity to pull in more volunteers. Granted money makes it much easier to attain popularity and pay people full time, but what you said is a catchall that I just do not agree with. What you have said is not always the case.
while we're at it: What are some good browsers for android? I hear naked browser is good, are there any other options?
I just ditched FF and I've been using it since the very beginning.  As far as I know, your options are Pale Moon or Chromium.  PM is a pain in the ass because it sometimes won't work with HTML5 video.
I was using Pale Moon until recently I switched to Cyberfox, which is way faster and actually has proper video support.
Chromium fags educate me or at least umatrixfags
bumping

Additionally:Mozilla always told that they were serious about privacy, and now we get ads in such a prominent place.you can't disable the tracking that feeds them.https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/tiles/What data is collected when I opt out?No data is collected when a user deactivates the Enhanced Tiles experience.Ew.
I still think it's pretty funny that Firefox now has a feature not even Chrome has: ads in the browser itself. Even if you can disable them.Tangentially related: Wasn't there something about Firefox not allowing to easily disable Javascript from the settings menu? Because that's actually possible in Chrome.
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:http://pastebin.com/u/g-lisp-general  http://pastebin.com/aDfDm5sZHere's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:http://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php?title=LispTo foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:https://rbt.asia/g/thread/48197267Challenge:Implement your own append and nconc, or destructive append.
Trying to implement vt100 terminal emulator and learning mcclim in the process.Ended up implementing gimped text editor, should have used clims own drei but it's poorly documented.for the challenge, a utility I have useddefun mkstr &rest args  let text with-output-to-string ss        dolist item args          cond stringp item             write-string item ss            characterp item             write-char item ss            atom item             write item :stream ss            consp item             dolist x item               write-string mkstr x ss    textdefmacro conc-str str &rest lst  `setf ,str funcall #'mkstr ,str ,@lst
bump
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_nconc.htm Returns a list that is the concatenation of lists. If no lists are supplied, nconc returns nil. nconc is defined using the following recursive relationship: nconc =   nconc nil . lists ==  nconc . lists nconc list =  list nconc list-1 list-2 ==  progn rplacd last list-1 list-2 list-1 nconc list-1 list-2 . lists ==  nconc nconc list-1 list-2 . lists
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_append.htm append returns a new list that is the concatenation of the copies. lists are left unchanged; the list structure of each of lists except the last is copied. The last argument is not copied; it becomes the cdr of the final dotted pair of the concatenation of the preceding lists, or is returned directly if there are no preceding non-empty lists. append 'a b c 'd e f ' 'g =  A B C D E F G append 'a b c 'd =  A B C . D setq lst 'a b c =  A B C append lst 'd =  A B C D lst =  A B C append =  NIL append 'a =  A
How's this coming along?
In hopes of spurning at least a bump for this thread: CL babby here, I'm having trouble doing something really simple here. Any wizards care to help me with this? defun reversotron stringlet x nilloop for c across string docons c xmapc #'princ x
https://clojurians.typeform.com/to/b4I3Nv Clojurians A new slack community for people who love all things Clojure. Discussions around #clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopment and more
#clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopmentKill me now.


it's actually a good place, not much talking though - any of you guys in there?
*raises hand*
nice! I still haven't talked  mainly because I consider myself a begginer - but feel free to get in touch, I'm ergl in there
Is Common Lisp best for AI? I want to make a chatbot that forms longterm relationships.
it's actually a good placeI'm sure.I just wish we could #stop #this #shit.
Which dialect do you prefer?Scheme specifically chickenDo you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?Emacs with geiserWhat was your first experience with lisp?The little schemerWhat have you made in lisp?I'm working on a stupid game right now, everything else has been simple shitWhat is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?The lack of rulesHow do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?Because it's malleable How long have you been programming in Lisp?Almost a yearWhat are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!The little schemer, emacs wiki, and the chicken wikiIs Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?right now it is. Game programming, the same thing I use every other programming language for since it's funWhat would you like to see in the Lisp general?SchemeWhat was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?LISPDo you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?Only if one of us can get off of our asses and start doing itWhat is your preferred method of documenting your code?Emacs-styleIn the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?no, i haven't had my macro enlightenment yetDo you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?I use scheme and emacs lisp sometimesscheme is the best but emacs lisp is interdasting I guessWhat do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?parentheses, s-expressions and listsWhat is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?uh... cond is pretty amazing
Out of curiosity, why not Racket? I'm a beginning Common Lisper with little experience in either
Racket forces you to use classes to do anything serious, and it does it in the worst possible way, by introducing new syntax punctuation [ and ] which thows the entire concept of homoiconicity out the window.Chicken just gives me functions from C libraries and lets me do what I want with them.
Not that classes and oop can't be great in small doses when done well I just don't like being forced to use them to do simple things like opening graphicsIf I was ok with oop being forced everywhere, I'd use Kawa
by introducing new syntax punctuation [ and ] which thows the entire concept of homoiconicity out the window.What are you talking about? [ and ] are synonyms for  and  and even { and }. You can use them interchangeably throughout you program so long as they properly match.
you can use them interchangeablydisgustingThat makes me like racket even less
I thought that  interchangeability was part of the Scheme standard.
this.And where does it states that you're forced to use classes?or give examples
that completely takes away the homoiconicity of lisp, I would never use anything but parens in any lisp codeThe gui module is completely dependent on oopgtk is not
No. It doesn't. Do you even know what homoiconicity means?
The homoiconicity is one syntax for everythingparens and s-expressions for functions, conditions, lists, everything
homoiconicity in this context means the same list structure for code and data. Even though you have [] and {} in the language it all means the same, you can still treat the source code as a list
Homoiconicity is not dependent on parentheses. You can have homoiconicity with curly brackets, brackets, or even angle brackets, etc.
Still looks ugly as fuck if they're intermixed
see
I would never use anything but parens in any lisp codeThen don't, but people are going to call you out on your shit if there's a style guide that says to use brackets.
I disagree.  It provides visual distinction to certain areas of code, and makes things more readable.
I agree with this. There's nothing philosophically wrong with a Lisp that behaves this way.
Going out the way of the thread a little bit to address the title.What's going on mister? Are you tired of Lisp or just the /g/ space dedicated to it?
I think they've gotten tired of making new threads. They've been really slow and dying quickly lately. : Let's get some action in here guys.
I can't believe that you are ditching a well documented language with one of the best communities just because a syntax issue that's completely optional. Who gives a damn if people call you out for not using brackets?
I was actually tired when I made the thread.   is also right, however.I'm getting sick of /g/.  I've largely stopped browsing many threads here asides from this one.  I'm glad the general on Lainchan has started picking up some.Just look at the catalog here.  It's saddening for anyone actually interested in technology to see good threads with so little replies, yet see that bait, consumerism, opinion-listing, and shitposting threads are usually successful and hit the bump limit.
It's not just that, I don't like that they force you to use classes to use a lot of their modules
Yeah I've been browsing lainchan a lot more lately as well. I wish they had a bit more traffic overall but then again it is a good way of keeping out the "muh gpu" morons. Thanks for keeping up the generals here : Your work is duly appreciated.
yeah thanks for making these threads, I've been posting on the lainchan thread too.It's been a few months since I last posted here, but I remember back then the lisp threads used to have a lot more people.I don't know if those people have gone away, the fact that may is a horrible month because a lot of students have finals me included or both.
As I said one or two threads before, we should casually mention the lainchan thread here and there or even in the pastebin so people can gradually move towards that.
incf this
There should be better ways out there to help the Lisp community. Maybe 4chan is just not the place to do this.There should be a good balance between a well-sized group and still be underdogs, because everything that grows enough tends to get bastardized.
the main problem with the /g/ lisp threads is they keep dropping off the board after about 10 or 15 posts so there is no way to carry on serious discussians. I am going to start spending more time on the lainchan lisp threadIm not sure if you are aware, but this clojurians thing is a private live chat for clojure
the main problem with the /g/ lisp threads is they keep dropping off the board after about 10 or 15 posts so there is no way to carry on serious discussians. I am going to start spending more time on the lainchan lisp threadPrecisely. I'm going to migrate gradually as well.Im not sure if you are aware, but this  clojurians thing is a private live chat for clojureI am aware, but it would be nice to have a place that acts as a big bowl of water where Lisp entrepreneurs fall and then cascade to the dialect that interest them the most, kinda like a two-story fountain with a big bowl on the centre and small ones around it.
Forgot the quote.
Is Racket GUI Documentation gtk, qt4 or independent?
Best scheme/lisp to use?Looking for something with lots of batteries that respects my freedoms.
that respects my freedoms.by your freedoms you are of course referring to the the freedom that Richard Stallman gives you. I think we should be clear, there are many kinds of freedoms, but the freedom you enjoy is that of Richard Stallman
The API they provide is platform independent. The implementations try to use native widgets. On *nix, I think they're using GTK.
Racket sounds like it fits the bill.
 lots of batteriesRacket.
The only time I've had to use classes in Racket was when I had to do GUI programming. I'm not even sure what a class-free GUI lib would look like.
Be extremely careful when Jews try to define your morals. They've done so much damage to humanity this way. They take your natural desire to do right and twist it.
Although GTK is implemented in C, it has an object system. https://developer.gnome.org/gtk3/stable/ch02.html
 go to lainchan no nsfw boards drugs boardI simply can't take that site seriously.
And you can take 4chan seriously? Any other *chan is better.
4chan did something right. This is one of the few places on the Internet where jews and their lies get btfo frequently and repeatedly every single day.
https://nvbn.github.io/2015/05/28/svg-animation/
where jews and their lies get btfojewsbtfoOh look, an actual child.
I hate jews as much as the next person, but you really do sound like a child.This entire site is shit and it feels like it's moving towards its last leg.
that's cool, Clojurescript and Om are pretty nice.Here's a pixel editor with full redo also written in Clojurescript + Omhttps://github.com/jackschaedler/goya
/l/ and /cl/ are both super secret boards.
I thought /cl/ meant common-lisp, I was pleasantly surprised
Why don't you leave?
This isn't the place for that.  I know.  I shouldn't have said anything.
M-x bump
how childish not to respect the freedoms given to you by the jew Richard Stallman. thank god we have a sticky on /g/ of rms as jesus christ, Im so glad that the majority of /g/ protects the freedom giving jew Richard Stallman
John McCarthy was also jewish.I'm  and meant religious jews.I shouldn't have said anything.  I'm sorry.  Let's just stop talking about this.
bump
what editor are you guys using?I'm currently using sublime + sublimeREPL but I feel that I'm not using lisp to it's fullest potential - mainly I have a lot of functions that I can't evaluate on the repl because they depend on external libraries this is clojure btw.I tried LightTable and the Cursive plugin for Intellij but found them a bit clunkyI know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learn
I know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learnWell, the thing about Emacs is that it has a different paradigm from most editors... But it actually teaches you how to use it if you ask it.It has a built-in tutorial to get started, and after going through that, "C-h ?" [Control] + [H], [?] gives you a list of all of this things you can get help about.For example, at any point you can type "C-h m" to get a description of all of the modes enabled, including the keybindings to use the functionality."C-h k" followed by any key sequence will show the documentation for any key combo that does something.Another fun one is "C-h i", which pulls up the Info pages for your system... In there, there are entire books about how to use Emacs, all nicely organized if you want to learn about Emacs and ELISP. There are the "Emacs Manual", "Emacs FAQ", "ELISP" reference, and "ELIPS Intro".If you aren't sure what you are looking for, you can type "C-h a" and search the documentation for something in specific.If you want to search the manuals, "M-x info-apropos" [Alt] + [X], "info-apropos" allows you to do that.On top of that, pretty much everything has tab completion.
I'm using Emacs with SLIME for CL. I've been using it for around a year now, but I've not really read many tutorials and my .emacs is mostly a mashing-together of various things from the wiki. install emacs; spend a week dicking around with your setup; then enjoy the productivity increases. It's also a lot of fun. I've heard Clojure support is pretty dank/10.
I know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learnthe rule of thumb in programming is never memorize anything, just start using emacs like a regular editor with the toolbar and menubar. Trying to use cursor movement shortcuts will actually slow you down as a beginner as they dont have a speed increasing effect until you are moving through very large projectsthis is a really good emacs preset for clojurehttps://github.com/flyingmachine/emacs-for-clojurethe instructions for installing it are part of a free online book on clojure programminghttp://www.braveclojure.com/basic-emacs/
Hey /lisp/anonsI wrote a little bot using Chirp that tweets 420 in bases 2-36 every day at 4:20: ql:quickload :chirpdefparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-api-key* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-api-secret* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-access-token* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-access-secret* "yours here"defun main   loop do       multiple-value-bind         second minute hour date month year day-of-week dst-p tz       get-decoded-time     if and eq second 0 and eq hour 16 eq minute 20         let base + 2 random 35           chirp:statuses/update format nil "~d: ~vr" base base 420         print "Not 420 yet"Let me know what you think/what I can improve on I'm a beginner so be gentle.
I just saw that post.That is pretty cute.
What post?
Wouldn't it repeatedly print "Not 420 yet" at the terminal? That seems kind of annoying.
Yeah it was mostly for diagnostics when writing it, you can just rip out that entire  print "Not 420 yet". sexp
http://www.reddit.com/r/lisp/comments/37r9ag/found_a_really_nice_cl_twitter_library_on_lisp/
my fedora has been exposed
Sounds good, thanks for sharing. I didn't know about chirp either.
that tweets 420 in bases 2-36 every day at 4:20It was exposed all along.
Yeah, it's surprisingly well designed. Most of the libraries I found at first were poorly documented if at all and really dated in their API support.
*cough*http://www.reddit.com/r/Common_Lisp/comments/35i4ng/why_is_it_that_lispers_including_myself_think/I feel your pain.
Cool.  Are you the guy I helped in the Lainchan thread?
Yeah. Thank you again. Oddly enough this wasn't my intended application when I asked that.
You're welcome.  I'm glad to see you doing something interesting so early.Here's a better format form that you can use:format nil "~d: ~:*~vr" base 420* lets you skip or return to previous Format arguments or even go to absolute arguments from the first.I should really start working on some things I have planned.  There are a few website APIs that I want to make accessible from Common Lisp.As it stands, most Common Lisp I work with is helping people in these threads when they have questions.
Crazy. How long have you been writing Lisp?
I've only been writing Lisp for a few years.I don't have too much to show for it.  I usually just read about Lisp and help people here or participate in the little challenges thrown around in various threads.
I'm not even sure what a class-free GUI lib would look like.Any C GUI library
I've heard Clojure support is pretty dank/10Yeah, I've been reading pretty cool things, that's why I was looking into itThanks for the links! - and yeah agree on the not memorizing anything - that's how I got started with vim, just start to use it and learn new things out of necessity.I've saved that tutorial and will read it as soon as I have some free time - btw anyone have any experience with spacemacs?

What kind of environment do you use in your computers?
I use GNU Emacs with Slime.  StumpWM is my window manager.  I'm going to read the GNU GSD handbook and switch all of my systems over to that soon.I've been curious about Climacs, but I haven't gotten around to checking it out yet. Emacs Lisp doesn't compare to Common Lisp and reimplementing things like EMMS would give me something to do.
for those of you with Lisp Machine's keyboard fetish http://xahlee.info/kbd/lisp_keyboards.html
Where can I get my hands on one of these
when you install climacs with quicklisp, is it possible to startup climacs on its own without going using a lisp repl? where would the climacs executable be located?
Nice. We have similar environments.
Why is it that when I reach with the cursor any of the edges it show that ugly X that indicates there's no window there? How could I fix it?
I guess that is neat.Elaborate please.
I always work fullscreen and without a mode-line, whenever I go to the edges it turns the cursor into a big X that shows there's no Xorg elements there. Also, whenever I show the window info, it always shows a size of 1022x598 on a 1024x600 screen. I don't know if both issues are related.
I usually use fullscreen and I haven't added a modeline yet either.I'm not seeing this X, but I think I remember it.Also, whenever I show the window info, it always shows a size of 1022x598 on a 1024x600 screen. I don't know if both issues are related.I don't think I've ever had this happen.Try reading the manual if you haven't already.  I've been meaning to do that and dig through the source, but I haven't started yet.
Try reading the manual if you haven't already. I've been meaning to do that and dig through the source, but I haven't started yet.I'll check on that, thanks. Running fullscreen does eliminate the problem.Is there a way to make everything start automatically on fullscreen?
so I'm trying to go through realm of racket and I can't compile the first game. help
Is there a way to make everything start automatically on fullscreen?A window always takes up the entire space in a new group.
Yes, but that's when the 1022x598 problem comes up.
When you say the window info comes up at that resolution, which command are you running?  Which keypresses?
prefix + i
Huh.  Here's how it comes up for me.How did you install your StumpWM?  I compiled mine myself with SBCL.You're saying that window takes up the entire screen?
Yup, they take the whole screen but they leave a one pixel of separation. That's why it's always the resolution minus 2, emacs shows to be even smaller at 1017x594. Xfce terminal shows 1018x594. It's different each application. That's not much of a problem but I don't get why the X.
That's weird.  I can't really help you out here.  I think there may be a StumpWM IRC.  You may want to check there.
That place is lonelier than this thread, I already tried that before. I'll keep insisting though, maybe I'll get  lucky.
Why is Lisp considered the go-to language for AI? Can you forsee a reason to replace it with something else in the future?I know nothing about lisp but plan to learn some dialect in the future
That place is lonelier than this thread, I already tried that before.I don't think it's all that lonely.  I am the OP though, so I'm biased.I'll keep insisting though, maybe I'll get  lucky.If you find out how to solve your problem, please report back with the solution.  I'm going to go through all of the threads and compile a guide from it at some point.Why is Lisp considered the go-to language for AI?It's high-level, more abstract and general than other languages of the time, and had a lot of other development and research going into it.Can you forsee a reason to replace it with something else in the future?Not right now, but I can't tell the future, unfortunately.I know nothing about lisp but plan to learn some dialect in the futureI recommend you read our FAQ.  It goes into greater detail on this and other questions you may have.
I don't think it's all that lonely. I am the OP though, so I'm biased.While I was posting I thought maybe it's just the hours that I usually go into IRC don't match the hours of activity in the community.
Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?THERE ARE DIFFERENT LISP-BASED EDITORS?If yes I need to know!
There's Guilemacs and Climacs, to name two.http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/GuileEmacshttps://common-lisp.net/project/climacs/
Don't compile it, just interpret it. $ racket guess.rkt
i wonder does GuileEmacs removes all the C code from emacs?
I don'd know Racket, but in Clojure you have to define a function before using it - you are calling guess on start before you define it - try putting it on top of start
I wouldn't think there's much C, if any, in Guilemacs that isn't just a part of Guile itself.
In Racket you can something function that's defined later in the file so long as it isn't called in the code before it's actually been defined.
there are a bajillion emacs-like editors out there
To expand on what  said in case anyone is curious:In Racket, all top-level names are in scope at any point in the file. Since function bodies aren't evaluated until they are called e.g. You can test for exceptions by giving Rackunit a no-argument thunk function which does something which throws one, one can reference a function anywhere in the file, defined before or after the current function. When one evaluates a function, however, each non-local binding in the function body must reference a function definition which has been evaluated i.e. The name is bound to either a function or a top-level variable. This distinction may seem confusing in terms of function definitions, but it makes much more sense if one also considers a sequence such as ;; Purposely choosing an identifier from racket/basedefine - 2define foo + - bdefine b + - 1Now, when foo is defined, it is given bindings to the top-level - and b, but b has yet to be defined. If, conversely, all top-level bindings were done in parallel, then we would have a shaky logic: should b's - binding reference the default value or its shadowed one? There's argument for or against it. By making the definition forms sequentially evaluated, though, it leads to a much more reasonable program. In case anyone was wondering.
If you find out how to solve your problem, please report back with the solution. I'm going to go through all of the threads and compile a guide from it at some point.I think it has yo do with the application rendering but I think I'll dig deeper.
How do you define mutually recursive functions then? This sounds like a pain in general.
Which dialect do you prefer?common lisp is what I'm using Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?no What was your first experience with lisp?College What have you made in lisp?three programs for college What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?nothing How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?I don't How long have you been programming in Lisp?literally since yesterday What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!college material, Google, stack overflow, lel Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?no What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?I don't even know how to do this yet. Just write a string below the function name?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?favorite function
Nice
/b/
The difference is that Racket isn't a pile of shit.
Some applications only resize in steps of the width of a character column e.g. terminals, EmacsIf the application can't totally fill the width of your screen minus two pixels, it'll fill as many as it can, then fill in the surrounding region with the border.
VimSeparate terminal window for manual evaluationThis is suffering.
incf this
Wouldn't this form make more sense:incf 
T
It replaces the previous Elisp compiler/interpreter written in C with a front end to Guile's compiler/VM, which is written in C.
Stop these inane comments.
SBCL 1.2.12 released: http://www.sbcl.org/news.html#1.2.12
if you really need to, you can [code declare foo [/code]
Hello /lisp/The metasploit framework has a little tool called pattern_create.rb that generates a string of a specified number of bytes out of upper-case, lower-case, and numeral characters that can help you pinpoint the exact offset for overwriting the EIP or really any register in a buffer overflow exploit. How would you implement this in Lisp?
How would you implement this in Lisp?Are you asking how you would implement a buffer overflow attack in Lisp?You would have to find a flaw in the implementation you're targeting.  Common Lisp programs check buffer boundaries, unlike C, so this may be practically impossible, unless you optimize safety checks out with an implementation that will let you.One of the best ways to eliminate vulnerabilities is to make them impossible.  The only reason C is plagued by these problems is because of how little the standard actually specifies, making it ridiculously easy to invoke undefined behavior.
No. I was wondering how you'd recreate this little tool. Where pattern_create.rb 100 would return: "Aa0AAa1Aa2A" and so on couldn't paste it here; 4chan thought it was spam
does using emacs change anything?
Oh okay.In that case, I don't know enough to help you.  Sorry about that.
No problem :
Yes. Use Geiser. http://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/Emacs.html
do people use emacs outside the terminal?
I use GUI emacs but I'm on OS X so it makes a bit more sense.
The gui is a bit more useful, but you don't have to.
I use Emacs with X because it's much more useful and featureful.  I can display images and pdfs, resize text, the border in the margins is much nicer to look at, among other things.I also don't feel like configuring st to work correctly with backspace right now.  It always registers as C-h in some programs, like Emacs and ed, but GNU Readline handles it correctly.
w8 you actually use st?why?
I do, because I'm always reading a PDF of some sort along Emacs.
I found it while looking through cliki.I've tried terminator, urxvt, xterm, and some others.  They're not at all pleasant to use.  My terminal emulator doesn't need a scrollbar, complex dropdown configuration menus, or any of that crap.Surprisingly, st is nice to use, asides from the backspace issue, which doesn't affect me all that much.  It's not at all complicated and the source is also pleasant to read.  I usually don't use Suckless software, but st is the best terminal emulator I've found.  I don't really need to do too much with a terminal nowadays though.The only other terminals I use are eshell and StumpWM's exec.What's your experience with that?  It's always usually too slow for me.  A majority of pdfs I read are hundreds of pages and I haven't found a way to get it usable yet.
I'm reading Land of Lisp in Emacs right now with doc-view-mode just discovered through this thread I can do that and the speed is no problem. The PDF is ~500 pages long.
What's your experience with that? It's always usually too slow for me. A majority of pdfs I read are hundreds of pages and I haven't found a way to get it usable yet.No problems just yet, I'm using an Atom and 2GB of RAM so, that says something.
I just opened a ~300 page pdf and it's frozen my Emacs right now.I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
I currently use pic related, but I have two complaints:it  can't see deeper than ./Music/ say, if I had music sorted in folders based on album, which annoys me. Fixed by putting all files in the one directory.it doesn't have playlists, this one just consumes time when I want to listen to a specific list of songs from various artists.
Shuttle
Doesn't have the same problem with deeper directories as pic related?
Nope
I agree w op.  Would be nice if vlc had a 'random' feature  too.
use vanilla playerIt's opensource from f-droid, it reads folders and playlistsyou really dont need anything more complicated than that
poweramp is the only audio player, that ive found, that does segues for non-flac, which is a fucking neccessity, properly 99.9% of the time.
poweramp doesn't have opus supportAIMP is wierd and is playlist basedGMMP works fine with opus but the ui is a bit retardedI even paid money for these apps
Floppy diskWHY?
Some businesses still use them, you know. I also use them because I love abandonware and old software and have a load of them hanging around.
Good lord the new icons are ugly. I mean, I love flat UI and all but that is just ugly.
They removed them in one of the previous builds, but people went apeshit so they had to restore them.
Could they have picked a stupider folder angle for windows 10?
Windows is all about compatibility with all kinds of legacy bullshit. Does it hurt to have a floppy disk icon?
At least they got rid of the shitty yellow shade they picked.
It doesn't affect you in any way, dumb ass memester.
OD DriveWHY?
We've come a full circle. Welcome to windows 3.1
I don't have an use for a deviceWhy are other people still using itThis is literally autism. I wish I was joking.
autism
they should mix the perspectives from the 2nd set with textures from the 3rd one. isometric perspective looked good in 1995
Sandniggers and BR's still use floppy disks.
Those are not original.
Sandniggers and BR's still use floppy disks.What? Why would "sandniggers" and "BRs", specifically them, use floppies?How could you even know that? What's the source of that information, God?
Too poor to afford disks.
What is bottom row?
I always put a 3.5" floppy drive into my builds so long as the controller was there mostly to make use of the external 3.5" bay that would otherwise go uninhabited.The controllers are gone these days, though, so my most recent computers have lacked them.
Tentative Windows 10 designs after feedback.You can still buy floppy readers.
CD's and flash drives are cheaper per megabyte than floppies
A:\ icon availableNo 5.25 floppy icon for B:\At least be consistent with your bullshit legacy compatibility.
Because Microsoft is stuck in the 90s.Windows confirmed for obsolete.
Sandniggers obviously refers to a huge part of the third world. Muslim shitholes etc.Brazil isn't that bad tho. Some places in southern states can be damn decent.

Delicious.
Because out of the billion of PCs and not only PCs Windows will be installed in, there will be some that will have floppy disk for some reason. It doesn't bother you, stop being a whiny little bitch
Some places in southern states can be damn decent.well meme'd
You can't even claim bloat unless you are going to really piss and moan over a few kilobytes.If so, fuck off back to your corner and continue eating paste.
look at that innovation by microsoft
I still maintain an industrial saw that used to run on ms-dos with floppy disks. Hacked the system together to run on freedos and usb disks. Floppy disks are a pain in the ass. Still have like 3 boxes a 50 disks in my attic.
that trash can icon in the second rowIts like something out of a newgrounds flash animation from 2003
I want to clear myself of any past and go offline for several moths.. fully  immersing in kali and trying new some stuff . Any ideas.. comments ?Thank you! Any good books. tutorials I can try?

, 
How does this make you feel, /g/?
It's the future of consumer electronics. Get over it, and get ready to develop for new platforms. Don't be a legacy coder. Fag.
2cloxSo Android, it hurts.
but only poors have electronic watches
gotta get them DRAGONBALLS son
Oh my god, it totally does look like the Dragon Radar.In all honesty, this wouldn't be a dumb concept if it didn't need to tether to a phone.
That's pretty neat, I want one
lel
Wut
Cringe
He's right.Rich people have real watches which are expensive, poor people spend 200$ on an electronic device and think they're rich too.
never drop your phone againLooks like I'm buying a watch.  I'm gonna wait a few years though.
paying money for something useless just because you canThe pinnacle of retardation. How did those people ever get rich in the first place?Nah, go ahead and do it now. The G Watch R and the Watch Urbane are pretty great as-is.
It's belt fedora
Obviously one of you must be the retarded one.
I'm gonna go with the person who spends thousands of dollars on a shiny hand-made widget that tells time exactly as well as something you buy at the gas station for $9.99.
It's a luxury item rooted in tradition. Useful or not it's a cultural symbol.
Still not hearing why someone should pay $3000 for something that only tells the time instead of $200 for something that displays all your notifications, appointments, GPS directions, etc.
Pocket Fedora
mega$ electronics dangling from several cheap metal links on a high-motion body partHe's going to lose it in 3 days, tops, when the links fail.
Yes, probably. However, do bear in mind that he can use his phone to find it again. I lost my Gear Live on a nature hike one day. I just retraced my steps until my phone reconnected to it, at which point I knew it was within about 20 feet of where I stood. No sweat.Smartwatches are awesome.
ow did those people ever get rich in the first place?By exploiting poor retarded people like you;reselv
Glad I don't have girly wrists.
It's like IRL rainmeter.
#triggered
That's embarrassing. What if it was on a public bus?
and that's why you aren't rich.
I'm not rich because I'm 22. Give me ten years, and I'll wave at you from the cover of Forbes.It happened because the Gear Live's strap is shit. I've since replaced it, and would recommend that other people do the same.
Topest of keks
Rich people have real watches which are expensive, poor people spend 200$ on an electronic device and think they're rich too.Although rich people have more money, there are a fuck tonne more poor people. It does make sense to make stuff to sell to them. There are more android devices than Rolexes
because one has a battery that lasts years and the other doesn't
, 
Do you use any Windows 8 apps?
I don't know, what do you think?
not really. no.
yes, the app that removes all the apps
 I used to be a w7 fan boy and hated w8 a lot because it looked very confusing and ugly but ever since I've upgraded my laptop is much faster and lasts longer went from 5H SoT to 8h SoT according to pkwercfg 
yours is too long
yeah, going to remedy that asap.
only my own
THAT"S WHAT SHE SAID!
lmaoooI only use Fhotoroom, Sports, News, The Weather Channel regularly tho
I use Mail, but that is all.
How do I disable all of them?
Do you use any Windows 8 appsDo you use Windows 8Do you use appsDo you use Windows
netflix app
get out
Is Vulkan just some api that will give sub entry level fags a 4fps gain in their cpu bottleneck shit boxes?
shit posting with jew paraphernaliaProbably
Old thread:  →Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/Private_trackersHow to get into private trackers and survive: http://pastebin.com/ecGRiQhkWhat.CD Interview Notes: http://pastebin.com/dWBU7ZXshttps://www.whatinterviewprep.com/Use https://boards.4chan.org/g/#s=ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ threadRemember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a faggot. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth 2 Scene release when? I don't want to actually pay for a video game but I think I'm going to do it if there isn't a scene release soon.
Are Scene trackers the best for software?
tfw Empornium is still not reopening to public sign-upstfw too autistic to just talk to them on IRC about my disabled accountFuck my life. It's killing me because I know they got way more stuff than Pornbay.
taking requests for stuff
There is an invite stat on everybody's profile page and they just made up a new user class with zero perks, which makes me think invites are near.
thisI went from good perv to great perv without doing anything. I'm considering ranking up to sextreme perv just in case invites will be available at that level later on.
I've heard that private trackers don't have much content compared to The Pirate Bay and are usually governed by immature people.Good on those people who provide a good service, even if it is quite elitist, but most of them are probably trash.
they just made the great perv level, thats why you got moved up
Any of you niggas got any contact into or anything? Maybe you guys can invite me or something. I'd post my ratios on pornbay and what.cd so you know I wouldn't fuck y'all over. I really don't want to talk to them on IRC though. I tried like twice and I just ended up pussying out and closing the page.
I'm sorry you somehow felt the need to tell me this when I obviously already knew it anon. I mean it's not as if it's not just in the post directly above mine after all
I've heard that private trackers don't have much content compared to The Pirate Bay and are usually governed by immature people.you are incorrect in a wayprivate trackers lack some areas of content because they specialize. General private trackers tend to be a mess, so specialization makes it easier to moderate as well as make it easier to bring more content. If you join enough trackers that fit your needs, you've definitely got more than just 1 general tracker would ever have, such as TPB.
Are you this guy? 
Some private trackers are great, like Teh/PTP with their large, high quality, generally well seeded libraries. Others like AHD are also very good for their well seeded archive of high quality encodes. However, you could probably find 99% of your content on a single tracker Rutracker.
staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangersHe takes his job very seriouslyHe does it For free
Yes....unfortunately.
Are you serious?Empornium doesn't even fucking have invites, you ALREADY HAVE AN ACCOUNT, and you're just too autismal to get it re-enabled?And you want someone to invite you anyway?
mfw I have an account on all god tier trackers wcd,ptp,tbn,ahd,hdb.. to name a few while being the poorest fag on /g/ with the shittiest connection. less than 1024kb/s dl and 0 upload.come at me bro
tfw 98.54% of a 161,347 strong community have uploaded 4 or less torrentstfw 2355 users are carrying the rest of empornium
I kinda pity you. I can download anything you can, but at literally 17 times faster from my bedroom and 20 times faster from my living room. I'm assuming you meant 1024kb/s as in 1MB/s, right? If not, it's an order of magnitude higher.sux 2 b u
That's pretty shitty that you would risk getting an anon from here banned just because you don't join their IRC and get your disabled account back.What was wrong with it? I can help you with buffer if you get it re-enabled if that was the issue
post an anonymous email, I will invite you
With your non-existant invites?
if i say i posted in wcd thread, and tell somebody from /g/ to invite me to oppatie based on the post. would that get me banned? i'm barely a power user with 300gb upload but only 6 uploads. but i'd rather do go through perfect flac route instead of just doing transcodes.
It will depend on the rules when/if invites are enabled. Besides, if you already have an account I don't think you can make a new one even with an invite without getting banned.
ahdgod tierpick one and only one anonelder god tier is BTN, WCD, HDB and BIB.tfw I'm missing BIB
Well I didn't know they didn't have invites. I could've sworn they said they were adding invites once they fixed their security and shit because they might not be opening back up to the public...or at least that's what I heard.I honestly don't remember. I don't think it was my ratio though. Do they just disabled your account if you stop using it for a while?mfw someone trying to get me permanently bannedWhy would you do that?Well FUCK. So that means I'm going to have to talk to someone from their IRC then? FUCK.
You just need to prove to someone on /g/ that you're on wcd right? You could always just edit your profile and not risk making a post.
Bibgod tieryou have no idea what you're talking about
i'd just say, oh i uploaded this cd, and then you can message me, i respond, and it's just from there. I don't even know what oppaitime offers, I'm just intrigued it's offered in Elite forums instead of power user
You have to log in at least every 4 months IIRC, otherwise it will get disabled.Hello I need this book. Where do I go anon?inb4 libgen
Why would you do that?Maybe because you're blatantly trying to break several rules while also putting the accounts of others at risk solely because you're autistic
Hello I need this bookWhat book?Honestly libgen probably has it if Bib has it.
1 MB/s, poorest fagSeriously nigger? I've been on PTP for 6 years and my net is 600 kBps/30 kBps. I also limit my up speed to 5 kBps. It's all about bonus points.
All this to just get into oppatime???Literally post your email and one of the site admins will invite you without fail. Or go into their IRC and ask.
ebook.farm, libgen, mam, what requestit's not that bib is terrible, it just doesn't have a very large library at all
This
oppaitime invite? :32bHhZT0WeUkimfpP@cock.li
what vpn to use
sent
tells me I have no idea what I'm talking aboutproposes a site that's deadmaybe make the email look less suspicious anonI made the oppatime owner scared of inviting emails that look like this by posting loads of mailinator emails saying I was an indian inviting my 50 brothers and unclesmfw I'm the reason everyone's invites got taken away
I'm not a currynigger thoughthanks m8
you're the second person that told me this while i was browsing the site, then i tried to go there using a different browser and it does indeed seem closedtfw i'm still able to access stuff from it just because i still have the cookies
They made ebook.farm super sekrit then?Good for them I guessscreenshot?Meanwhile I just found this https://ebooks.wtf/alsopic relatedempornium invites coming soon, I can almost taste it
*tips fedora*
browsing to the site links to the owner's reddit account, where one of the posts says it's closedi guess he left people logged in still access it to withdraw creditstill have like 8 usd on it which can buy you a fuckton of books there
Or he only allows known IPs to access maybe?
Sextreme perv masterrace
Any seedbox recommendations?Always wondered how do you control the software remotely?  Is there a web interface? They say stuff like 'supports Deludge' but what does that mean?  You can run Deludge or Transmit or whatever on your computer and have it remotely run the torrent, or there is some kind of front end?
Asked last thread but it archived before I could get a reply.Does anyone have any experience with thegeeks.bz or any of its affiliate trackers? Are they worth joining?
I'm in thegeeksIt's shit but easy to get in.I'd like to join theVault though
web interface, torrent client runs on their servers
Just do it you nigger.My account had been disabled since early 2013, I just got re-enabled about a month ago.
ebooks.wtf actually looks quite cool
Soupwhale actually follows through on their offer the whole free seedbox thing. They just drop you at a unix prompt though; you have to setup the tools rtorrent, rutorrent, transmission-cli yourself, but they have some guides on their wiki, and it actually to my surprise really is a free 1Gb/s seedbox with disk space being the only limiter. I haven't purchased more disk space, but they claim it's a one-time-fee, no monthly shit, of $10 for 30GB.
But...people in the IRC will see.tfw I'll probably just end up sticking to PornBay and missing out on all the shit Empornium hasFUCK. I wish I fucking used my account more.
Why doesn't anybody like fux0r.eu? Best porn tracker imo
I don't mind setting up transmission remote as it's my current client on linux.so you pay 10$ once and you have a seedbox with 1Gb/s and a 30GB disk space forever ?
fux0r.euShit tracker with a shit selection compared to alternatives.Best porn tracker imoYour "o" is wrong
You pay $0 and have 1gbps with 10GB space for as long as you keep using itYou pay $10 and get 30GB added to your account forever
No, it comes with 10Gb for free, so $10 will get you 40Gb.
Kk. My b. I never asked for an invite anywhere else because it always served my needs kink.com siterips updated monthly
Right up there with the holy trinity wcd, btn, ptp am I right? KEK
Thanks.not legit
not legitWell i mean, it took me about an hour to get rutorrent set up, they have a script that just does it for you but I wanted to learn, and then i was seeding my sample torrent at several megs per second. I didn't try a speed test, but it sure *seems* legit. Their IRC is full of happy /g/ people.
Holy Fuck, I'm trying to signupI don't mind spending a day setting up rutorrent or tsm remote.can I have an invite pleaseewbb8@notsharingmy.infoI would appreciate a lot
Uhh I don't have any invites, just go in their irc
irc.soupwhale.com #soupwhale
There was a trap and music on the homepage...
just get to the irc, i just signed up there
LAST FOR CUCKOLDS[spoiler]pls gib invite pl0x -- 312cuck@homosex.tv[/spoiler]
you join a special disabled channelno one will be lurking in there apart from staff who are there to help you anyway
staffthere to helpPick 1
$ host homosex.tvHost homosex.tv not found: 3NXDOMAINNice try, made me check.
second last for cucksazza@cucksof.tv
Any seedbox recommendations?See Soupwhale# Fuck offUser-agent: *Disallow: /Page cannot be crawled or displayed due to robots.txt.Trash it. Also, fuck vc@cock.li for running this shit and not understanding that comments are invalid in robots.txt according to RFC or whatever.Nice to see they changed the music though.
Trash it. Also, fuck vc@cock.li for running this shit and not understanding that comments are invalid in robots.txt according to RFC or whatever.vc doesn't run soupwhale.
too autistic to just talk to them on IRC about my disabled accountLol
kink.com siterips monthlyDo they have any BonusHoleBoys stuff? Just asking.....for a friend.
How do I cheat ratio KG/PTP?
use mratio
disk space being the only limiterMore like disk I/O.
Not really ptg related but does anyone know if etorrent has rss feeds available?
How does it work, Anon? What are the odds of getting caught?
Absolutely nil, there is no chance of getting caught. Follow your dreams anon.-- 312cuckaroo
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
bumping this because OP was a retard and didn't direct anons in the old thread to the new thread. They are still wandering around in the last thread. The last thread is approaching 330 posts. The anons have not found their way to the new thread from the old thread yet. Please heed more caution in the future OP. Next time it could be me trapped in an old thread headed for the 4chan archives with no chance for escape from an old thread.
invite people from hdbits.org forums to what.cd thinking they'll make good use of their accounts1 invitee downloads a couple of 2015 pop albums then goes inactiveother 4 sign in occasionally, still haven't downloaded anything since registering weeks ago
found the liar
inviting people to whatToo risky. They are quite trigger happy when it come to banning and it is a bitch to get in contact with staff months of IRC idling and they will try to find any excuse to keep you banned. Baiting you into admiting shit you haven't done is one of them.Probably the worst tracker after PTP in terms of staff not giving a fuck to their infinite queue at IRC.
AirVPN
You are such a fucking autist that it hurts. Just get your fucking account back you woman.
hey, does anyone have that infograph about what to do when you get a letter from your ISP? that says niggers and fake niggers on it? i didn't want to start an obscure thread to get it. need it for someone for the lulz
i forgot my username on ptpis there anywhere i can find it, they dont have a recover buttoni have the email address and password for the account
Your confirmation email should contain your username, or go on irc.
How do I trump a wcd torrent?
the email doesnt have the other informationi was hoping i could avoid having to install an irc client just for this, but oh well. thanks anyway
How does it work, Anon? What are the odds of getting caught?These guys are trolling you into getting your account banned. Cheaters get all their accounts banned since staff share info so I hope you enjoy losing your account.
bumping this because OP was a retard and didn't direct anons in the old thread to the new thread. They are still wandering around in the last thread. The last thread is approaching 330 posts. The anons have not found their way to the new thread from the old thread yet. Please heed more caution in the future OP. Next time it could be me trapped in an old thread headed for the 4chan archives with no chance for escape from an old thread.Ok gramps.
What's the proper way to convert 24-96 FLAC to 16-22
install gentoo
dbpoweramp, check the wiki
lol I missed it.
I have a blackcats game account, tell me the game you looking for and ill send the .torrent file to you via email
How should I rename a music file with a question mark or other 'invalid' characters on their titles?
ayy lmao
You don't.
Too late, I already did. The question mark was replaced by a dash and I deleted it. The title tag shows the question mark just fine.
Can someone help me find this movie 720p or higher with english subtitles?Kicking Off 2013 orOкoлoфyтбoлa 2013And I'm also looking for a bd remux/bd iso of "i.d. 1995"
Riddle me this ptg. Bad torrent fills request, good torrent can't fill said request because it was filled with bad torrent. Bad torrent will be deleted because well... it's bad. Will the good torrent get the bounty automatically or will he have to battle to paste the permalink in the request form before a poacher appears?
Is x264.me worth getting into? Only movie trackers I'm in are cinenmageddon, A-HD, and Tehconnection
If you have Tehconnection and isn't planning to encode, maybe.Half of their site is freeleech but they don't have as much content as Teh
No I cannot
Should I contact staff about this. I'm seriously considering to pull an all-nighter monitoring the request so no one fills it with my own torrent.
The request will stay filled even if the torrent is deleted
Nah, the mod will unfill it I'm certain of that. This is not a case of bad capitalization or a tag missing and apostrophe. The question is not if but when that happens, will I get the bounty automatically or not? It's only fair right? I would have got it by now if not because someone filled it with a torrent that breaks the rules.
people that want to get into private trackers without a seedboxtop kek, why?
I'm on 12 private trackers. Never had a seedbox. Are you even on a private tracker?
Plus I lost my grace period because of him so how can they just unfill it and leave it in the open for everyone else to fill.Yeah I'm talking about wcd. You mean that's the expected behavior after a mod deletes a torrent and unfills the request? That's fantastic. I'm still going to monitor this because come onbelieving random anons on the internetThanks though.
What are some good porno trackers without upload restrictions that are open for invites?
You mean that's the expected behavior after a mod deletes a torrent and unfills the request?No, it's not. Apparently many trackers change gazelle behavior to always grant bounty to the uploader, but what.cd doesn't.
What are some good porno trackersOh, well there's-without upload restrictionsuh, well-that are open for invitesyeesh
good for you laddie, but tbh a seedbox just makes everything easier and they are not even that expensivepornolab, the rutracker of porn.
Asking for too much I see
Oh man. They are going to make it 'free for all' aren't they?
no upload restrictions
read it as download kek
Yeah. It's all filler, not uploaderhttps://github.com/WhatCD/Gazelle/blob/master/sections/requests/take_fill.php#L197
What are some good porno trackers without upload restrictions that are open for invites?Lol none.
Wait, that's just the conventional wayrequest is createdrequest is filledfiller gets bountyThat is not the case tho. The request was filled by a torrent missing some tracks, it got reported and will be deleted by a mod. What will the mod do though? Will he fill it with the proper torrent and give the bounty to that uploader or leave it open for everyone else to fill?
PM the mod and ask?
I will. You understand my apprehension in doing so, right? How should I do it? Staff inbox, report torrent, irc?
You understand my apprehension in doing so, right?Not really, no.How should I do it? Staff inboxYes
Well, that's all from me guys. Thanks a lot. Wish me luck. Will let you know how it went... if you want.
Don't particularly care
honestly if I was you I would be looking at the snatch list.Did less than 5 download it etc.If they id then I would delete your torrent.If one of the people who snatched it uploads it again then tough luck but at least they had to work for it. If not, monitor the request, upload it again yourself and fill it.
Anyone know what's in the Bibliotik invite forums?
yeah this. what staff are nazis and people can get their own accounts easily with the interview
upload new one, report old one and paste link to new torrent in the report
could some of you help to add some bounty to this:Lucy Li scene from HornyDreamBabezhttp://www.empornium.me/requests.php?action=view&id=25295
2355 users is actually quite a lot of users.Besides, even if you're not posting torrents, you're still contributing by seeding which keeps stuff on the site.
I also limit my up speed to 5 kBps.I remember there was a thread a while back where some guy asked for help to fix his ratio and some dude said he limited his upload speed, then got banned for cheating. The rest of the thread was just about how much of a retard he was.
As in to get another one hour grace period? I don't know I already reported it and sent a staff pm, my faith is on their hands now. I uploaded every possible format allowed and all but the v2 got a dozen snatches, 9/10 were dutch though, if you know what I mean so that strategy might work if I were to try it.
Could you try to find Paganini's best, Nippon Girls album, Cecile Corbel's 'Harpe Celtique et Chants du Monde' or some Demis Roussos? Ta lad
you're still contributing by seedingNot me though. I'm by no means a perma-seeder and I feel the uploader has the responsibility to keep the torrent alive.Stuff I didn't like, if the rules permit, gets deleted right away, some other stuff will stay for a week or so until I check it out and figure out if I like it or not, and finally the stuff I liked will stay for longer but eventually be pruned or sent to my storage drives which no torrent client can touch.
Where does /g/ download CAD/CAM software?
What's the best tracker for software?Scene trackers?
they're all on rutracker m8
baconbits but that's just me
Convince me to upload 30 more torrents to become elite on wcd.
So how do you get started on waffles, they don't give you any buffer at all, is there freeleech stuff around to snatch?
there's a BTN invite thread for Elite+
Are you blind or what?Monthly staff picks are right on the front page.
Elite+Is that the same as elite? This might be a stupid question but what else does btn have besides 'tv'?
when is btn going to fix the bonus point rates
Okay, so in the FAQ it says to just ask the people here if I want something particular. Can any of you with accounts on elite secret-club ebook sharing sites search for any books by Steven Sherrill besides the minotaur one? T-thanks.
Should have gone to bed.
as an example of how bib isn't really that good, it only has the minotaur one#ebooks on irchighway has joy, vacan't find any other ones
PTP down
Lol what a dumbass.
tfw the power went out & now i have to recheck 3000+ torrents
not being laptop master race
having 3000+ torrents on your local machinemay as well get a seedbox because i don't think you can do anything on a computer seeding 3000+ torrents if they have any activity at all
not having a battery backup on your Raspi 2
Why do you care about bonus points?
Or you could just seed torrents from specific trackers whenever you start to edge close to your ratio limit.
promotion m8
I limit global upload to 100kbps, & usually no more than 3 torrents are actively uploading at a time so it's fine.
Is there is some way to manage when torrent updates trackers status? Because if too many torrents do at the same time, my router just can't handle the load.
Your client doesn't have multiscrape?And trackers pretty naturally randomize.
Is Soupwhale being run by someone from here? Or was it just taken over by /g/? How's the uptime been? I might sign up for them later.
current uptime is 13 days, apparently it's not that great but they're working on itit is a free trial so why not
Your client doesn't have multiscrape?I'm using uTorrent 3.2 if that answers the question?And trackers pretty naturally randomize.Yeah but whenever I re-boot I basically have to manually create that randomness by starting the entire torrent list in chunks with a few minutes of space between each chunk.If I don't and just start client with everything seeding, the router basically get DDoSed and if I just let it run it's course it probably takes ten minutes or so for it to do it's work and then every hour or so I hit wall where loads of torrents try to update all at once. This never really resolves itself and just keep happening. The actual speeds I can handle, like can easily download at 10MB/s and seed at 1MB/s, basically 24/7, but the amount fo connections can't be too high.
what do you mean? that long number is just a bug that came back. The real number of bonus points you're getting is on your profile page.tfw there are people on BTN with legit 350 million bonus points
Is GGn glitching out for anyone else? I can't log in. Tried resetting my password and that didn't work. It's not telling me I've been disabled, but maybe they're just sneaky about it.
Thought so. It's not the first time bib doesn't really have anything that's not on libgen or on other public sites. I wonder what it's useful for, really. Did you find any rare books on it yourself?
I wonder what it's useful for, really.QA
yep - just noticed I was logged out and can't seem to get back inalso fux0r is down
And you give a shit about that because...? I get after tryingt to log in.Array
has the /ptg/ dream finally died?
Gonna take the what.cd interviewHow many days should I expect to wait?
give me you mail ;
has the /ptg/ dream finally died?Whats the /ptg/ dream?
Everyone sharing invites, I think.
Why is rutracker so shit?http://dev.deluge-torrent.org/ticket/2359
grab a torrent on my seedbox that ends up being popular the second it's uploadedstill 0.5 ratio on it
kek Stick to freeleech noob
More like libtorrent. As you can see, qbuttorrent was also affected.
wtf i just got banned from soupwhale's irc
feck, gonna have to trawl through vodkarunes againthanks anyway lad
It's because they don't mark their torrent files as private which is just stupid.
Me too!
stay mad
omg just got banned too from soupwhale IRC wtf

this is now a soupwhale shill thread
What's wcd's time zone?
So why are they idiots?
UTC
Are there good seedbox services out there that offer VPSes with high storage?I want to manage everything myself and run some extra services but my seedbox's VPS offers have pathetic storage options.
Thanks.
I have a HAF-X and I've never been able to do proper cable management because the case is so big and my PSU cables don't seem to be long enough. PSU is a Corsair HX1050, which is semi-modular.Are PSU cable extensions a good or bad idea? I can't think of any other way to do some nice cable management rather than having cables all over the front of the components.
Bumping with HAF-X
good or bad ideaIt's just aesthetics, if you think itd look good its a good idea. If you think itd look bad its a bad idea.
I was wondering if the extra length had any bad effects on power being provided to the motherboard, CPU, etc. Aesthetics is fine with me.
man that thing is ugly as sin.
Nope, no effect.
When do you think it will happen /g/entlemen? or will it ever happen?
We laready have bases there. All that black budget poured into reverse engineering downed saucers pays off.
/x/
yeah the i*****nati's m****ery did it and the r*****ians you know who ;DDD!!!!
Currently there are no planes to do so. The 2035 trajectory to land humans on Mars is political smoke blowing.
Enjoy the one way death trip.
planesto get to fucking marsAerodynamics doesn't seem to matter that much in space
get a 2007 Santa Rosa MBP with housefire 8600m GT 128mb, 3GB DDR2 RAM, 120GB SATA I HDD used for 180$ fully boxed n all with all the stuff, just no batteryeven though it's a 120GB slow as fuck HDD and 3 gigs of RAM it runs the latest Yosemite amazingly, just disable translucency for faster loading and animations2 weeks in - i realize that all this time the CPU has been running on 800mhz or something like that instead of the 2.2ghz because Apple factory throttles them if the MBP doesn't have a battery insidemy face when a 800mhz c2d has been more than enough for browsing the internet, word/excel work in the 2011 office for mac updated to the newest version, popcorn time 720p videos, Flash CS6 stuff for school.temps around 40-50c, or when I amp the fan up with smcFanControl it doesn't break 35c.on a 120GB HDD the system still loads under 2 minutes completely with the last open programs, a feature Windows doesn't have.ordered a chink battery for 25$ and just waiting for it while happily posting this from my MBPBest investment ever.I was a non-believer, but to have this amount of use from a decade old PC that's not running even to its fullest is crazy.Not to mention I first wanted to install Leopard from the CDs I had with the box and all, then fucked up and formatted the hard drive, only to realize on 2nd restart that there's a recovery partition which actually allows you to download Yosemite from the App Store straight away and it installs it.
Nice blog.
Drink it down, fuccboi.Also, enjoy the third-degree burns in your lap that shitty Chinese battery will give you when it melts down like Chernobyl.
The previous owner had the original one but I didn't need it since he said it had swollen up alot during the past few years he was using it.TBH the only batteries they have for this MBP is the Anker one that's really good, and the generic chinky one.The Anker one is 100$ shipped, so I'm okay with getting the laptop exploding in my face with this one.
Computers haven't really advanced that much in these years. A thinkPad T61 is still a perfectly useable computer for all the things you posted, and its GPU doesn't have cancer Unless it's a T61p.
i had this exact one. put an SSD and 6gb ram in max it takes and you will shit yourself with the speed.
There's a dude who's selling the same one with 3GB RAM and a 60GB OCZ Agility SSD, busted magnetic hinges thing so you need to push the button down there a bit harder, but its like 120$, dunno if I should go for it, especially after getting this Mac already. Maybe just to replace the 1GB stick I have in it with another 2GB and then resell it after I switch the SSD in that one with the HDD in the one I bought now.
http://www.fanlesstech.com/2015/05/first-look-intels-braswell-nuc.html
i actually wouldn't. the GPUs in the pre-unibody ones tend to be finicky. Since you already have this one, just buy a cheapo ssd on amazon. replacing it is fairly easy.
I can't believe how delusional some people in the used Mac market are.
It's not that plug&play as I would like it.The one that's for 130$ used, beat up a little bit like I said here comes with an x1600, which is housefire too as much as the 8600m I have in this one.Dunno, but they're all pretty usable to me.Yeah, that's the one I've got , A1226, the only reason this dude is charging that much is because it has a 1TB HDD, and plenty of RAM, but honestly anything above 200$ unless its like new is really a scam for a 10 year old device.
I'll never buy anything but MacBook Pro's again without a compelling reason. First was the same as yours - a used pro I got on eBay for $500 around 2007. Chick sold it because it was overheating. Cleaned out the vents and it was good as new. Used that until 2012, sold it for $800 and got a refurb unibody with antiglare screen and a 6770m. Still on that baby, waiting for my new 2015 retina with the R9 M370X : That one will probably see me through 2020 at least.
tfw you'll realize that you could've gotten a T410 for that money
implying Macfags would prefer a superior Chinkpad
What's the state of the /g/ wiki right now? I don't wanna make a thread for this, but I really need to buy a new laptop asapI've got about $500 to spend, and I'm just looking for something that's sorta durable and decent at running games.https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/Laptop_Buying_Guide#Gaming_Laptopsout of date?
This is literally and yes, I do mean literally possible with any computer. Hell, a friend and I wondered what would happen if we put Puppy Linux on a laptop from the late 90s and were blown away at how functional it was.Reinstall Windows or try Ganoo on a PC and the result is the same. If people learned how to just reinstall a fucking OS, Apple wouldn't exist.
If Microsoft could make an OS worth a shit, Apple wouldn't exist. I'm no macfag, but computers are fucking tools. I don't weld sockets together when I break them, I just buy better sockets.
It really isn't.Mac OSX for desktops is quite like iOS is for mobiles, it just werks. No finnicky bullshit, and my dad learned how to use one in 3 days time, while being a Windows user for a decade a shitty one at that.That and the fact it gets NO_VIRUSES well, in the sense that he can't bring a flash drive from his workplace that has a stupid .exe 1kb shortcut virus thing and then infect his computer makes it well worth the pricepoint for most consumers, and the reason why Apple is successful.If pops just wants to pay money, and have something that works easily for him, pops shouldn't have to go through a 30 day linux course that costs him time and energy.You people seem to forget that most people need PCs to do stuff related to their line of work, not that PCs are their own line of work.
laptopgamingWhy would you ever do that to yourself?
even though it's a 120GB slow as fuck HDD and 3 gigs of RAM it runs the latest Yosemite amazinglyYou must have terrible standards. There's some 2010 iMacs floating around my office and Yosemite is a dog on them
I've had a HP G7 2210sm or something like that, brand new from the store, windows 8 prepackaged, and it's a dog on it, because of a 1.8" speccy says so, but even if it isn't, it's horrible HDD they put in it, 17.3" laptop by the way. I barely got rid of that laptop and suffered a $80 loss, but boy was I glad to see it go.Shit drivers for 7670m/B980 intel combo, good display and all, but abysmal hard drive. The guy who bought it from me barely managed to not return it to me, he says he even put an SSD in it somehow via caddy and it was still slow as all fuck.For what its worth, Macs are well worth the price.
I think op is lying, I bought a 2007 macshit a couple of years ago and it wouldn't upgrade past 10.8Sold it and switched over to lubuntu, never looked back
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201475iMac Mid-2007 or newerMacBook Late 2008 Aluminum, or Early 2009 or newerMacBook Pro Mid/Late 2007 or newerMacBook Air Late 2008 or newerMac mini Early 2009 or newerMac Pro Early 2008 or newerXserve Early 2009then again win 8.1 works fine on p4 singlecores too as long as they have a gig of RAM, whereas windows 7 sucks balls.
I loved the power button on those MacbooksUsed to sit in my backyard playing COD 1good times
Fine, but the Mac would have been an extremely expensive machine when it was released. It doesn't bare comparison to that cheap shitty HP machine that you previously owned, and it was your fault in the first place for buying shit hardware.I mean, look, a BMW 320d from 2005 will be cheaper and faster than a brand new Ford Mondeo, but they're different machines. They don't bare comparison.Used laptops are generally extremely cheap, even when they're in good condition. As someone in the thread pointed out, similar money would've got you a Thinkpad of equivalent or better speed. Which is not to imply the Mac is shit, just that it's not unique in being able to run competently despite being relatively old.And as I said, speed is subjective. We rolled those iMacs back to Mavericks partly due to performance under Yosemite, but also because Yosemite's fucked the network by replacing mDNSresponder with discoveryd, and despite that change, they still aren't a tremendously pleasant experience.
You overpaidA thinkpad running any Linux distro from even 15 years back will be able to handle basic browsing
This anker tou speak of, is it a replacement battery or an external battery pack?Do you guys have any recommendations for external battery packs?I saw someone at the library pull out what looked like a notebook cooler and stick it under his mbp.Then he pulled out a mag connector and connected it to his mbp.
my friends and I meet up at each others house's casually ALL the time, I go to school/the library/other places ALL the time, and I need something to bring around.I already have a desktopAny advice?
gaming at schoolgaming at a libraryGet fucked
There's some cuckold trying to sell an iMac G3 with no accessories for $40 firm citing "$400 retail" on my local CL, I kek every timesame with the cunt trying to sell a first generation Intel Mac Mini for $200
Has anyone here spent around $2k on a Mac more than 5 years ago and not had any regrets?
The worst are people that have PowerBook G4s and try to pass them off as Macbook Pros.  Same shit with G5s
I inwardly laugh at people with optical drive equipped Macbooksseriously it's not 2011 anymore, are they poor or something
Perhaps they're not losers like you and have different priorities?
yeah, there's those toothis shitbox SP 1.8 GHz Power Mac G5 is just like a Mac Pro! $500 OBO
Lollipop battery life thread: these stats mean nothing edition.
;_;
Screen on time is what matters. I can have my phone turned on for a week by not turning the screen on. Pic related, from my zenfone 2
I'm retarded and I want to use Linux because windows is shit. Problem is I want to also play vidya too. It has to be possible to game on Linux, but the question is if it is practical. Will I lose frames, graphical quality or general speed of a game because of wine or other emulators?
I'm retarded and I want to use Linuxsums it up nicely
Essentially, yes.
wineemulatorkill yourself
Performance is usually superior.
Check out steam on Linux, there's actually a lot of games these days that are cross platform. Especially indie titles.
, 
, 
UNIX is the most cancerous operating system ever created.It has killed off all innovation in operating systems design.We are left with two major kernel designs left:UNIX and UNIX-like, or NT.
Nice opinion
Let me interject for a while, but what you refer to NT is actually Windows/NT, or as I've recently taken to calling it, Windows + NTNT is not an operating system by itself missing many core components like utilities, graphical interface, and many other components which make a fully proprietary operating system. Many people use Windows/NT without knowing it, there is an NT, and these people are using it, but it's only as a full operating system called Windows/NT
my sides.
masterful
If its any comfort the Supreme Court of the United States will soon uphold the decision of the lower court that Software APIs are protected by copyright laws making AT&T the owner of C and UNIX and making UNIX-like operating systems built with C too expensive to license for anyone to use.This will force the creation of new operating systems with original APIs written with new languages.
This is true, but that happened because it is fucking GOOD. There are now better OSes like Plan 9, but just be glad we got stuck with Unix being the standard instead of one of the shitty predecessors.Even now, the only reason Unix is still around is that it gets the job done. It is stifling innovation, but that's because it's still good enough for most people.Nah. The Supreme Court won't even hear the case.
Well why don't YOU come up with a better design?
Out of interest what other OS designs are there out there?I know of Plan9 with 9P protocol which looks pretty fucking cool. Are there any totally out there OSes? Something new and not trying to be a UNIX-like kernel? Something secure and stable that gives amazing performance, scales with multiple cores/cpus, etc. I am guessing they are all experimental OS projects but thats cool. I would love to read about something different to UNIX and NT. inb4 temple os
Software APIs are protected by copyright lawsAPIsCUNIXWutThat doesn't make any senseThe whole proprietary APIs debacle is because Oracle went full retard over Google Android API using Java
Nobody will ever make a better one from scratch so deal
true, plan 9 was superior UNIX successor.We are left with one major kernel designMonolithicalso fixed your last point
Oracle went full retardprotecting their GPL'd code against the Apache virus that is Androidfull retard
So what are some major flaws of Unix that could be improved?Something that bothers me is how pipes can never be used for anything resource-intensive due to all the redundant encoding/decoding, thus requiring specialized tools and throwing the premise out of the window.
what are some major flaws of Unix that could be improved?not be monolithic for oneEVERYTHING being a file or a server would also be nice
So what are some major flaws of Unix that could be improved?Command lines tools emit & consume streams of text, which is unstructured and therefore brittle. Some sort of object model that all tools could agree on would be a good thing.
DBus?
Good God no. That's an over complication. If we could just get tools that could emit & consume something like JSON that would fit easily on top the existing pipes.
http://www.infoworld.com/article/2609368/operating-systems/midori-and-m---microsoft-s-open-source-bridge-to-better-security-.html
so a buddy of mine did a massive thesis project on this actually. Turns out that structured data they used infinite JSON streams was an absolute mess, and the result of their paper was that the guys who came up with UNIX were right to go with text. I'll post a link in a sec
BeOS family including HaikuAmiga OS family including AROS and AmigaOS 4Plan 9 and InfernoMicrosoft also developed Singularity and they're apparently working on a successor called MidoriPlus there's still academic research It shouldn't be surprising that people don't like losing EVERYTHING whenever they upgrade their OS.
Even BeOS/Haiku is a POSIX operating system; libroot/libbe is an API on top but then so is something like Qt on UNIX
JSON text has to be parsed, so it's not suitable performance-wise.Unless you skip the encoding/parsing part by having the kernel maintain the data structure and just fiddle with pointers to pass data.It's sort of what KDBus wants, hence why I mentioned it.
Most Real-Time operating systems are intended specifically to be very secure, very stable, and give amazing performance hence, "real-time".
performance-wiseSure, but I'd be willing to trade a tiny bit of performance; we're not using PDP-8's any more.having the kernel maintain the data structure and just fiddle with pointers to pass dataYes but, to me, that's not as flexible; both the producer & consumer need to have knowledge of the object being passed. JSON or YAML, or whatever can be more flexible; I could pipe it through other tools, like jq, and extract only the fields I care about, re-write the stream, split/combine streams etc.
That would be powershell and powershell is literally AIDS.
object modelwhy? do you actually like shit like powershell?
But that you can do with current tools. Sure, everyone IS willing to trade performance, hence why Unix is still going strong.
But that you can do with current toolsLike?Just because that's the sort of model that PowerShell uses doesn't automatically make it bad.
Real time /=/ performance."Real-time computing is sometimes misunderstood to be high-performance computing, but this is not an accurate classification.[8] For example, a massive supercomputer executing a scientific simulation may offer impressive performance, yet it is not executing a real-time computation. Conversely, once the hardware and software for an anti-lock braking system have been designed to meet its required deadlines, no further performance gains are obligatory. Furthermore, if a network server is highly loaded with network traffic, its response time may be slower but will in most cases still succeed before it times out hits its deadline. Hence, such a network server would not be considered a real-time system: temporal failures delays, time-outs, etc. are typically small and compartmentalized limited in effect but are not catastrophic failures. In a real-time system, such as the FTSE 100 Index, a slow-down beyond limits would often be considered catastrophic in its application context. Therefore, the most important requirement of a real-time system is predictability and not performance."
We are left with two major kernel designs left:UNIX and UNIX-like, or NT.Except the unix-like systems don't have more to do with userspace than the kernel itself. They replicate the userspace tools, and adhere to POSIX system calls which although are a part of the kernel, they are still an interface to userland.Take minix and linux for example - they are both unix-like, but have radically  different kernel desgins.
Like?Nothing in current Unix stops you from outputting to and parsing from JSON format.It's just inefficient.
It's partially compliant with POSIX but it's not a unix-like OS it's entirely unique. Be added POSIX support because it was designed to be used with or in place of Unix and Unix-like OSes. It's not much different from windows having POSIX compliance from my point of view.
Nothing in current Unix stops you from outputting to and parsing from JSON format.Right; I can write tools that do that. What I said was, it'd be good if we could all agree on that and the SuS was extended to make that a requirement of basic tools. I'm not going to re-write "ls" to emit JSON, for example.
Be added POSIX supportThe kernel has, and has always had, a 1st class POSIX API; you open file handles with open and read and write them, new processes are created with fork & exec: it's as POSIX as most other OSes we consider *nix.
The C and Unix created at Bell Labs are not the same C and Unix of today, and neither are owned by Bell Labs anymore anyways. Unix, including the name, belongs to The Open Group. And no one owns C, it is developed by standards organizations.
FLEX/Ten15http://oai.dtic.mil/oai/oai?verb=getRecord&metadataPrefix=html&identifier=ADA108731http://mca-ltd.com/martin/Ten15/introduction.html
kernel designsYou are using the term incorrectly. Kernel design differences would be the difference between monolithic, microkernel, and hybrid.But we'll skip that and assume you mean "operating systems".Two major designsWhen you say major, I assume you mean on personal computers, and not servers, workstations, mainframes, or other specialized computers, which is bullshit.However, even then, you're wrong.The XNU kernel is very a hybrid kernel based on Mach.Linux is monolithic.NT is a hybrid kernel.GNU's Hurd kernel is a hybrid, also based on Mach.Oberon/BlueBottleOS/AOS is unique and I don't feel like doing your googling for you; read up on it.Certainly, UNIX-like is a prevalent design for userlands, but the reason being is because it "just werks". It's been in use for literally decades; the basic design is easily understood and extended, and so on.The only reason we have NT is because Cutler was buttmad about the way UNIX handles certain things like file I/O, and because he came from a VMS backround.
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you’re referring to as Windows, is in fact, NSA/Windows, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, NSA plus Windows. Windows is not a botnet unto itself, but rather another expenseive component of a fully functioning Spy system made useful by the NSA core-spyware, reverse shell utilities and vital keylogging components comprising a full botnet as defined by Gen. J. Clapper.
or a serverWhat do you mean by this?Excuse my incompetence.
No.Fuck off.
Got an actual reason why not?in b4 "hurr durr PowerShell does it"
I was under the impression an RTOS was about giving guaranteed responses with a certain time and not so much about actual raw performance. Isn't an RTOS more about making sure something remains correct like a rocket booster?
You are correct. Real-Time systems tend to be rather inefficient, if anything.
But that's wrong.one of the shitty predecessorsMost of those predecessors were objectively better. UNIX only "won" because it was easier to install/implement and many vendors bundled it with their hardware. Basically the same reason Windows "won" today. See: UNIX-Hater's Handbook for comparisons with those "shitty predecessors".
Ah, it's babby's first read of the UNIX-Hater's Handbook.That explains a lot.
powershell is literally AIDS.I think "literally" doesn't work like you think.
Want modular? Use Minix
BeOS HaikuOS/2........MikeOS
, 
Windows phone generalis the 535 a decent phone? I need a new one with my contract and Im a cheap bastard
Before anyone answers let me tell you that noone on /g/ actually owns any windows phone, at all.Any replies you get implying anything else are merely either trolls or shills trying to get you to either buy their products or not buy other products.
being this autistic
OH LELOP, the 535 is an excelent budget entry level Lumia phone.It depends on what you need your lumia for tho
535 owner here. Had it since premiere in my country. Literally ZERO fps drops and/or lags. Works flawlessly including web browsing.
Want it for just around 8 apps that run on  8.1 and for music on the go since I travel a lot by bus and train. Currently own a 520 but it feels a bit too sluggish im hoping its procesor and ram make it a bit faster. Also lack of 4g is meh for me since I rarely browse online or use hotspot
I never shutdown IE, Spotify, 2 mail clients, rss client, skype, messenger but I don't go to 8 background apps tho. What are you running in BG? I mean messenger doesn't count :z
On what carrier are you and how much does the 535 cost  there?Oh, btw. 625 User here.
I would just likke very basic stuff like, swarm, foursquare, fb, twitter and probably viber besides here maps and emailI live in mexico so I dont think it matters a lot for you anon. My carrier is Telcel and I pay what would be around $13 us dollars monthly. The phone itself would be on $80 bucks if I get a one year contract
I only had old windows 7 nokia before. I transfered from galaxy s2 and I am amazed of how well shit runs there.Zero problems since I took it from the box. And mind you I manage my own selfemployment so I deal with a lot of docx, xls, mails, photoscans M$ Office lens FTW. It's amazing.
Mexicowey....I got mine on Movistar because i needed the LTE. Technically, the 535 is better than my 625 and i paid about $2800 MXN for it. How much is it on Telcel? About the same price i belive?
What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: https://www.rizon.net/chatWhere to start[YouTube] WEB DEVELOPMENT - SECRETS TO STARTING A CAREER in the Web Development Industry embed[YouTube] WATCH THIS IF YOU WANT TO BECOME A WEB DEVELOPER! - Web Development Career advice embedLearning materialhttps://www.codecademy.com/https://programming-motherfucker.com/https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.mdhttps://www.theodinproject.com/Frontend developmenthttps://github.com/dypsilon/frontend-dev-bookmarksBackend developmenthttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_web_application_frameworks[Gist] backendDevelopmentBookmarks.md embedUseful toolshttps://pastebin.com/q5nB1Npt/ embedhttps://libraries.io/ - Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmenthttps://pastebin.com/4YeJAUbT/ embedHow I Got a Job in Web Developmenthttp://elliotec.com/how-i-got-a-job-in-web-development/
I set up SASS and following this guide  http://www.impressivewebs com/sass-on-windows/  and it works fine. However, if I close the command line then it stops compiling to CSS. It's obviously a massive faff to set it up every time for every file, how can I make it so that any SASS file within my Projects folder is automatically compiled to CSS whenever any changes are made?
What you're searching for is answered in the form of a task manager with a sass module and a file/folder-watching module.recommended task managers are either Gulp or Grunt. Both have 'sass' and 'watch' modules, and plenty of youtube walkthroughs on getting up and running.
Ah, okay. I was going to look at Gulp tomorrow, glad to know it just so happens to be the solution to my problem.
Definitely.I'm migrating my projects' task manager config from grunt to gulp. In my opinion it'll be the more future-proof one. Definitely explore other modules and figure out what all it can do for you, shit's magnets.cheers
web developmentprogrammingPick one.

programming as hard as web devPick one
server-side developmentnot programmingkek
Rewriting an in-house web server to Express. Should be a lot less obfuscated and maintainable.
making an AI that monitors/learns all public API requests
Tell us more about that.
Making a home page to advertise myself and try get web development work around the place.  Any tips on it?
Any tips on it?Nah, but trips.
I made one. I'd like to share the 'app' I made, but since the site uses my name and has personal information about me, I can't. I guess I should probably just buy another domain and figure out how to use the hosting service with the 'external' domain, since I can host 2 more sites on my package.
I'm working on one right now that involves a full screenshot of each page I've made in a scrollable div box. Its super incomplete but I think it will turn out cool.
Good web developing is programming. Shitty front-end that only touches on HTML and CSS is basically web design.If you are using object literals, arrays, function callbacks, etc, you are doing programming.
give me a website to make
This has been bothering me too. Im learning backend, but cant think of any simple ideas that doesnt involve 99% of the project staring at docs
codemonkeys can't think for themselveshire an idea guy
Reminds me of my last year of highschool a year ago, we had to make a game for out final, and my friend who has no idea what the fuck he was doing, cant understand a variable was paired up with me. I asked him what he wanted to do on the project, and he said "I wanted to be the idea guy"I always thought "idea guy" was a meme, but apparently he thought it was a job title
good thing I'm not a code monkey XD
Ive been studying HTML, CSS, jQuery, PHP, MySql, Wordpress and bootstrapalso dipping my feet into the Sass pre-processor. Ive made about 3 sites. Can I start applying for web development sites yet?
Short answer: yes.Long answer: there won't be many companies willing to hire you or take you as an intern, but if you won't try, you'll never know. Also, people usually don't really remember the names they see on the resumes, so even if you get rejected at some place, it doesn't mean you can't apply again a few months later.
what can i do to boost my hiring chances?
install gentoo
Learn a framework like Django or whatever. Even if it's one that's different from the position, they all have a ton of similarities and are a very powerful, possibly necessary tool for large sites.
Why do people keep telling me to avoid PHP? I see tons of PHP job openings in Europe.
If you wanna make it easy for yourself download Koala or LiveReload.
because it has a reputation of being a horrible language, and because it's used by a lot of startups and other far-from-great companies.
I thought Laravel was all the rage these daysKilled RoR and all
Brit here, same issue, I am just starting all the Treehouse courses, and in a week or 2 I reckon I will be ready to move onto either Ruby or PHP.While asking on /g/ it seems obvious that the choice I should make is Ruby on rails, but all the job listings here are PHP.Any advice appreciated.
How come /wdg/ has so much fewer nodevs than /agdg/? It's like a small miracle.  Hope I don't jinx it.
I don't mean that "no serious work is done in PHP nowadays", as it's still relevant and powers a lot of the web. It's just that PHP has gone a long way and had a lot of pitfalls along, so there's a lot of people for whom PHP = all the evil and they'd rather get a job trimming satan's asshole hair than writing PHP code.
Might have something to do with it being much simpler work
don't listen to those phagsfacebook was made with phpif you're good with it it's great
I wouldnt necessary say that webdev is simpler than sharing FizzBuzz and Hello, World! programs in Python and C.
Not really. If you take Kenny's assets and an existing game engine Unity is pretty much the magicky Rails of gamedev it is barely, if at all, harder. Hell, with Phaser.js gamedev _is_ very much like front end dev.
FizzBuzz and Hello, World! programs in Python and CRead careful. The original post said "agdg", not "dpt".
carefully*
Oh, my bad.
hope you didn't subscribe to that page.Daily reminder that you can dowload any teamtreehouse/tutplus/laracast/codeschool/learnable/lynda/amazon book using torrentz.com
Because people post mostly interesting projects here. Interesting things are usually not what the average client wants you to make. You can use templates all you want, but something more creative does in fact constitute programming.
What is a nodev?
Not-developer. Mostly refers to "designers"
so whats the stigma on no-dev?  why is this a thing?
No clue.
Not-developer. Mostly refers to "designers"That's incorrect. In the context of AGDG "nodev" means someone who talks about development-related stuff but never does it. They are also often implicated for shitposting and being "idea guys" with ideas that are no match for their poor skills.
Oh, I see.
Have you ever met an idea guy by the way?  They are REALLY annoying.
Not that I recall.
am I the only one that worries wordpress is making web development obsolete? if you need something , theres usually a theme or plugin for it already.
People with actual ideas don't tend to call themselves "idea guys".
Yes, because Wordpress seems to be dying slowly
from my observations, thats not the case. Wordpress seems to be brought up every single time someone says they want a website. I often see people working on wordpress in my coffeeshop. Maybe its a different demographic from the type that would visit this board, but it seems heavily in use and demand.My girlfriend's companya health non-profit just paid 20,000 for a wordpress site.
Treehouse video on javascript"Here we have our name in an object, but we can edit the object so it says, my name is *** but I wish it was Rainbowdash".Am I learning Javascript from a brony?
gamedev is more difficultunpleasant to work with, lower wages, significant possibility of having 16-year-old beginner programmers on your teamthat's because zuckerberg dun goofed and didn't order a rewrite in a different technology as soon as he earned some money and the codebase was still relatively small. now maintaining that monstrous php pile of shit php costs them tens of millions every year, and they waste a lot of the money trying to fix the platform HipHop, HHVM and now Hackwordpress is making web development obsoletenah. also see picrel. ignore that jump in the beginning of 2015 because that's obviously due to change in indeed's methodology for counting this shit
wordpress is making web development obsolete? For people who make one-off sites for local small businesses? Maybe. For medium-sized businesses whose value/product/service is mostly delivered through their website? Not in the slightest.
Its used by enterprise companies because it can be reliable, but it is slowly becoming less popular for smaller companies, because there are better options
Yes, stop now and watch your videos on Lynda.com, where you can enjoy the smooth voice of Simon Allardice
Why are you learning from a video? Go read some docs on MDN or, better yet, find a book.
Some people learn better by watching than reading. I know I do
From what I've seen of Javascript tutorials it is hardly the most informative material, but point taken.
I do agree that most of the popular "tutorials" out there especially JavaScript for some reason are not worth watching. They show you bad techniques and hacks around things, but there are a good few ones. Ive been looking for Node.js tutorials, but the video ones are awful, so I am forces to really look at docs for hours figuring out small things sometimes
Small things  like what, if you care to share?
Haha, mostly just HTTP methods/RESTful APIs. I should understand it, since I was in school for IT, but for some reason I just couldnt get a hold of it. Starting to grasp it now though, just a lot of reading and failed implementations
Okay fuckers. I have a database, and in that database are values and shit. I need to check if any of these values ended in special combination I can do that with some PHP and SQL. The thing is, I also have to check some APIs for specific values that are part of the combination stuff. With many users, I imagine that being a shitton of stuff to check.Is there any way to speed that up? Fuck, it's hard to explain that stuff without dropping too many details.
me too. I can watch a video course a couple hours straight given that I'm able to increase playback speed to 1.3-1.7, yet when reading a book I can't seem to stay focused for more than 15 minutes.Fuck, it's hard to explain that stuff without dropping too many details.yep. do you mean that you have to query an api to get some values that are in turn a part of your database query?
blabla api stuffYessir. Sorry for talking a bit nonsense.The thing is, I have to do that for like every user then, maybe every hour. As this is not my first project, I need to plan it out this time and expect a shitton of users although that probably won't be the case.Ah fuck that. To be exact, I plan to build an autoposter for facebook and maybe twitter that'll post stuff at a specific time. Is there a better way than checking every hour? There has to be a better way.
shameless bump
I have a form with different inputs, but one of the browser's default input style for type="date" is fucking up how it looks. How can I disable the style for it?
use in-browser inspector to see what rules exactly fuck it up, and then override them in css selector is input[type="date"] either by setting them to "inherit" or providing your own values
nvm, it was just me not clearing the float lol.is centering with floats just guessing by adding margin until it looks centered or is there a better way?
well, I guess it dependshttp://howtocenterincss.com/here's a nice website
web development/gd/
thanks for the bump
How long does it take to get decent at html/css?I got through the codecademy html/css tutorial but I know my web pages don't look very pretty.If it helps I am a decent python programmeralso, should I just learn django instead of html/css if I already know python?
You need practise in problem solving. The tutorials aren't worth shit on their own.Yes, whatever you are comfortable with.
implying any of us know design
well I have used python for problem solving in a mathematical context, and I am proficient in LaTeX.So far I've just set up an apache server on my laptop to practice writing my html shit.  What kind of problems do you encounter while creating web pages?
Daily reminder: PHP is great, it's the PHP devs that are terrible.
better options such as?
Drupal.
I just need to put some shiny mod buttons on my 4chan clone and I'll be ready to host it. It's my first time hosting anything properly, wish me luck /wdg/.
If you're worried about being pretty, you can just search up "Best _____ websites" and try replicating them. You can be level 99 on html/css and still make a shitty website though. Try making templates for those microblogging sites. They're easy. Then move up to more complicated platforms.
Foundation vs Bootstrap. What do you reckon, boys/transgenders?
I used Foundation before I moved onto Pure/Skeleton.I realized all I used those frameworks for, was the grid
Bootstrap is widely used thus is probably better to have on your resumé
So what are the buzzwords HR people like seeing on CVs nowadays?
I prefer Foundation but as said, all I really need is the grid. I usually just download the "Essentials" and make my own plugin as I need them, or just use better plugins out there.
 Meant to quote 
ya, I dont think OP even used the word program...
Steam has a shitty system for making themes where you have to edit a text file with very little idea what each thing changes then restart the application to see the effect.I've thought about making a web app that would let you change the theme visually then write it to the text file steam requires when you're done.something like a html version of the steam program with a list of things you can change with hex color pickers etc., when you hover over the list it would highlight the part it changes.I don't care about anyone 'stealing' the idea and if anyone's version is better than mine I'd be happy to use it.I've done a lot of front end rice and some back end js/jquery making parallax scrolling and little games. I think I could figure out the interface, color picker and having it change visually. Just not sure about writing it all the the file after they're done.
I'm trying to get a job in the industry as a junior.I'm compliant with HTML/CSS/JQuery/Javascript but even the junior roles expect you to know PHP/SQL.To what level would I be expected to know php?
I want to add some vertical spacing to an element on my page.I am using bootstrapcss, angular-ui and angular as frontend stack, but I dont see anything in bootstrap for vertical spacing. Do I need to hardcode this? its not something I need to reuse.I am new to frontend / I dont know css good,
Poll time! What languages that compile to JavaScript do you use?http://strawpoll.me/4491717
quick fix was inlining 'style="offset-top:xx;"' in a div. This shouldnt be the best way to do this, so someone please tell me why bootstrap doesnt have a class for this.
usually you use margin to move stuff, or if it is a floated element, use left, right, top, bottom.
Tell me the best resource you know of to make really cool, flashy, and modern looking websites. Advanced Css and great CSS design.
notepad++
I meant Books or tutorials
W3 schools + a sense of design and taste
W3 schools just teaches you the basics and the CSS of it is so outdated
I seriously fucking hate web developers.Just came here to say that.Carry on now.
i love you too anon
So, do you guys write pure HTML/CSS/Javascript or just generate it on the server-side in your language of choice?
i write pure but i'm not really good, pretty newbie.
How does generating on the server-side work?
why do you guys hate PHP?
I meant CSS/HTML problems. Getting your DOM to layout the way you want. Much of this can be solved by copying someone else though.
php has had tons of security problems and has been a kind of hack language until recently, now it's a bit better. people still hate it from the past, even if it could be considered good now.
anyone use this?http://hacklang.org/if so, what do you think of it?
Why don't you just hate Javascript then for it's history of lacking cross-browser standards?
I write ES6 with Browserify and Babel. Then transpile to ES5 bundles. If the server is io.js, just use the native functionality, because muh performance.
Please respond
Stuff like GWT and ASP.NET forms.
how's that fizzbuzzing going for ya? landed a job at google yet?
Find a 'modern' website, and copy some aspects of it. Or the whole thing.
Guys there is a web page I'm looking at with a bunch of dynamically created source code in it. When I do right-click get source, the source code doesn't correspond at all to that which I can see with Firebug. How can I get the source code for the page that I see?
That's our secret, "you're !NEwfagiOl". We hate everything.
Are there people focused on front-end here? Do you use Photoshop?
developer tools? f12
Yes, yes and no. I can use photoshop, but there's rarely a time to use it.
Hey /wdg/, sorry if this post is not welcome here, I've never been in these threads.I have to learn html, css and some extra stuff for a job. I already secured a few resources to do so, but would love to know: what's a nice IDE for this job? Something with a nice balance of being useful and not being full of stuff I'm not interested in.Thanks in advance.
Doesn't matter. For my personal projects I'm just using notepad++. You won't need much more.
Brackets, Netbeans, Webstorm. Pick your poison.
PHP is -great- inadequate, it's the +majority of+ PHP devs that are terrible.javascript has been a decent language from the start. and js 6 is even betterfor it's history of lacking cross-browser standardsjavascript has been standardized since 1997. blame browser vendors. specifically blame microsoftphotoshop is unnecessary for web design in 2015. we have modern css and in-browser devtools. the flat, minimalistic trend also helpsa decent text editor like neovim, emacs. a half-decent one like atom will do as well
thanks for the replies. have a nice day.
I screwed around with it.  I like it.  The typing system is something php should have available.
It's been said, css is good enough and it's all flat design anyway. Photoshop is good for really quick mockups though.
has anyone got any live projects to share?everyone talks a bit game but I'm curious about your actual aptitude.
nice IDEIf you want an IDE, not just a specialized text editor, go with WebStorm.
Only an imageboard, if that is of interest. Would appreciate critique.
Anyone here making a browser game like pic related?
post it!I won't be mean.
meguca dot org
always been a classic mysqli functions guytry to wrap my head around how to implement prepared statements and getting to know PDO in generaltwo days later, finally write a working function that dynamically inserts and updates my SQL DB and all it takes is an input array.Holy shit, it's so great.
No, but I'm getting close to finishing the forum I've been working on for about two months now as a training project.
Want to learn C#, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, WCFPluralsight has a 1-month discountShould I feed the jew engine?
"Classic" is the wrong word here. They mysql functions in PHP are classic the way smallpox is "classic".
this question definitely doesn't deserve its own thread.  maybe the stupid questions thread.is there a way to create one HTTP request, and get multiple responses for it?  or is it one response per request?  does this mean that the more content as in images, text, styles, files a website has, the more requests you're sending to that website?
Generally yes, unless streaming/websockets.
You can call it outdated or whatever you want, I don't care.
I don't care.That I believe. Good for you for trying to learn better ways, though.
I haven't been doing stuff with PHP/SQL for years. The last time I was doing something with it was around 2008.I want to say PDO wasn't that wide spread back then.But since I got a job in web developement starting this summer, I've been catching up on all kinds of stuff and these "new" stuff is great.
best html/css editor/ide?
I've started using PHPStorm about two months ago and it's pretty good. But I had to deactivate some auto stuff.If you wanna be nostalgic about programming lol wat, Phase 5.
Where the fuck do people go to learn PHP?
nowhere, you can see that in the code quality and even in the experience and mentality of php core devs
actually php is terrible
Has anyone completed odin project successfully and got a job?
Any recommended free courses or sites to use to learn SQL?
http://sqlzoo.net/Enjoy.
Thanks mate!
write a program and then make it communicate over the internet easier than just writing a programkek
making it communicate over the internetare you for real, anon?
I write pure CSS and JS and use a template engine for the HTML.
Just finished restructuring my SQL to use INTERSECT as opposed to manually doing an intersect in my program.It's also faster, which is nice.I'm concerned about scaling, though. How slow does INTERSECT get when you have a very large DB?
 look up odin project ruby on railsRoR is dead, start with nodejs or golang
Performance is probably ON*M worst case where N is the cardinality of the smallest set and M is the number of sets. Not taking into account the cost to pull data from disk/ram.
responsive web designhybrid web appangularjs
I recently started working with ASP.NET MVC 5, it's pretty amazing how productive you get.
Oh Jesus.Well, fuck. Looks like I'll have to... Elasticsearch can't do my kind of searchingDouble fuck.Guess I gotta write my own system for this, or something. Fuck.
angularjsWhich is running out of style nowadays anyways. React is the future for now. Having worked with it for the past 5 months, over working on angular for the past few years, I've gotta say I'm a complete convert. The built in isomoprhism, the way that state is stored and mutations are handled with the Flux pattern is great. At work we're in the process of rewriting a 13 year old system in Python Django, Go and React/NodeJS. ON*M is not that harsh, what exactly are you trying to intersect?
What's the most sought after stack in web dev nowadays?I have tried Django, Node.js Express.js, and Laravel. Out of the three I prefered Laravel for typical websites that require a database backend, and Node.js for real time web apps.
Django cms, mezzanine are loads better and safer than that WordPress garbage.I will nenevr touch WordPress back end. Its disgusting. I'll template it at most but fuck php. I never have php on my servers.
Right now at work we're seeking out a Django developer with NodeJS/React knowledge.
Depends on where you liveHere it's always going to be some PHP framework or JEE/Spring for all eternity it seems
I do a lot of wordpress dev mostly because people throw a lot of wordpress work my way.After switching to using wordpress as mostly a datastore that exposes an API and using various front end/back end templating techniques it's actually been fun to work with.
Why do you need NodeJS if you have Django?
should I pay someone to teach me microsoft tech so I will then be in need to purchase microsofttm visual studiotm, microsoft windows professionaltm and microsoft windows servertm some time in the futureyes my gentile friend, this is the perfect way to successneovimhttp://www.sql-ex.com/disregard shitty ui and even more shitty english. this is superior to sqlzoohttps://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/DB/2014/SelfPaced/aboutalso this. a must-watchpic rel
neovimIs it in an usable state already
NodeJS is used with React for server side rendering. We're working on a fully isomorphic application. Our django stuff is just a bunch of restful APIs/micro services. The NodeJS app also works as a proxy to these and handles authentication.
yes
lol what's with the sudden spike in RoR?
I have a website where images can be tagged. These tags are grouped together.So if you have an image of a woman making bread while a clown plays the bango, it looks something like:{  "tags": [    ["woman", "making bread"],    ["clown", "playing bango"]   ]}We're trying to let users search based on the tags in any number of groups.
People realized that Rails is actually a damn good framework. It has its warts ActiveRecord falls apart pretty damn quickly, but it lets you write in a nice language and the server-side rendering decreases load on the clients machines. For CRUD, there's not much better.
look at other frameworks on that chart and take your guessprotip: it's not because of 
Elastic Search does this... why can't you use ES??
It does?My understanding was that it did full-text search and normal tag-based search, not the "grouped tags" thing I'm using.
It should. Maybe you can give me some more details - like what the data looks like, the query and what u expect the output to be?
Guess they changed something about their data collection
 I can watch a video course a couple hours straight given that I'm able to increase playback speed to 1.3-1.7, yet when reading a book I can't seem to stay focused for more than 15 minutes. I can't seem to stay focused for more than 15 minutes.That's a good thing, you idiot. It forces you to retrieve the material you just read it, which solidify newly forming chunks of information.You think that you are absorbing that amount of information, but it is just learning masturbation.
I'm thinking of picking up one of these for doing presentations and some light webdev work. probably via Ubuntu or whatever has anyone used a chromebook for any period of time?
Web development is for sissies and graphic designers which is another term for sissies.Lrn2embedded
he thinks backend is for sissies
Backend is for sissies who think they're "developers" but know next to nothing about computers.
Okay.
What are the best resources or tutorials you know of for HTML and CSS?
I manage servers, build software stacks, code apps, and do UX. When do I get to call myself a developer?
When you actually make real money from one of the programs you have written.
When you've written device drivers, debugged assembly code and patched compilers.All you've done so far is kid's play. Do you really think 'doing UX' has anything to do with computers?
MDN
MOARRR!!
Sure. First off, background info:Postgres is DBNow. GIVEN A DATABASE THAT LOOKS LIKE: [    {        "id": 4,        "tag_groups": [            {                "id": 4,                "tags": [                    {                        "name": "foo",                        "id": 3                    },                    {                        "name": "bar",                        "id": 4                    },                    {                        "name": "baz",                        "id": 16                    }                ]            },            {                "id": 10,                "tags": [                    {                        "name": "hack",                        "id": 1                    },                    {                        "name": "fraud",                        "id": 2                    }                ]            }        ]    },    {        "id": 11,        "tag_groups": [            {                "id": 13,                "tags": [                    {                        "name": "hack",                        "id": 1                    },                    {                        "name": "fraud",                        "id": 2                    }                ]            }        ]    },    {        "id": 12,        "tag_groups": [            {                "id": 14,                "tags": [                    {                        "name": "foo",                        "id": 3                    },                    {                        "name": "bar",                        "id": 4                    }                ]            }        ]    }]When I search:"hack, fraud"The result should be the image with the id of 11, and the image with id of 4.When I search:"hack, fraud""foo, bar"The result should be the image with the id of 4.
The last webapp I developed for the agency I work for sold for $23k. I made 15% commission plus my normal salary.My iOS app made in Apache Cordova has made about $800 after a year and is showing signs of picking up ;^
css-tricks
Cshitty proprietary "IDEs" forced upon youpiles of datasheets written by boring 50-year-oldspiece of shit electronic components that randomly breakthanks, but no thanksonly fighting segfaults and memory leaks is real programmingoh look, it's this meme again
Format your code PLZOkay you may call yourself a developer then. Make me moneyyy
probably a x86 babbylooking down on others
implying I use an IDEYeah, I guess spending hours picking a color theme for your website and making Java apps talk to each other is what computing is all about. Insead of, you know, interacting with the parts that actually make up a computer.Kids these days.
What formatting does that JSON dump need?It's already properly intended and shit.
x86 is insane. I'd rather use ARM.
You're obviously just a cretin that never worked with real embedded development. It's generally done with horribly proprietary IDEs because only a handful of companies make compilers that target [whatever microcontroller family your company uses for its projects]
So you're just a guy who can code and sell. Good job. You still don't know shit about computers.
Java
I have done Haskell, Golang and Exilir what meme language should I learn next?
Rust just reached 1.0
I hope you posted this by manipulating bits on a hdd of whatever machine holds 4chan's db.he's also a software developernim or scala
Or perhaps you're just dumb?We do all our actual development in whatever text editor we choose, and only use the IDE to flash our boards. Every time it seems we'll have to compile using an IDE we'll just adapt the GNU toolchain to our needs.But yeah, I guess at your level it must be easier to earn a salary picking colors for your CSS or whatever it is that you do.
Why should I waste my time?I develop solutions and make a good living doing it. Professionally. I'm a developer.
Something that's actually useful.
Keep telling yourself that. I bet you feel like you really understand what you're doing, and your friends all see you as "that computer wizard".
Looks good, but what meme application should I write? A NES Emulator, a Sinatra like web framework or a Tiling window manager?
can we start putting free code camp in the "learning material" part of these threads plex
Or maybe something useful?
I like Nodethat is all
anybody knows a st3 colorscheme that works well with sass?
I never said I understand what's going on. I just don't give a shit. I know how to develop webapps and sites and I know how make them well enough for people to spend money on them.You sound salty. How much do you make?
programming useful thingsISHYGDDT
Much less than you, no doubt. But at least I'm not a hypocrite.
 usefulThat's not going to get you on frontpage of HN and 1000 github stars.
pffft, this guy calls himself a racecar driver, I asked him if he knows about the intricacies of the rear differentials in 4x4 vehicles and he didn't know. What a hypocrite.
But at least
uses english in workdoesn't have phd in linguisticsS I S S Y
I fucking hate CSS.
What microcontrollers do you work with? I had to do an uni project with PIC 16F877A and the lack of FLOSS tools for developing for it was p. depressingDo you think this home automation/IoT trend has any future? It looks like embedded devs will swim in money as people fully embrace the botnet
Hey guys I know all about Microsoft Word! I guess I'm a developer too, right?
Who the fuck doesn't.Programmers having to position shit.Programmers having to position shit while having to take every piece of shit browser problem into account.God fucking damnit.
Haha, I also used that PIC in uni. But it wasn't *that* painful though.I don't know about the future. It's certainly harder to get a job as an embedded guy, but I do this because it's fascinating. Not so much for the money.
Yes you should be able to do this with elastic search. You might just have to do two queries though. One to find the relevant tag groups, and the other to find the image by tag group IDs.
To get get only images tagged with both tag groups is a bit trickier though. If you want images tagged with ONLY those tag groups, see here:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/current/_finding_multiple_exact_values.html#_equals_exactlyBut if you need images tagged with BOTH tag values that could have other tag values you should just use a boolean term query w/ "must".
So do I.
Do people use it outside silicon valleyI gave it a look and it seemed ok but there doesn't seem to be any jobs
Is there a good book or an article or whatever about CSS positioning? I feel like I don't get the logic behind the thing at all.
faggot
High-efficiency washers are a scam. There is hardly any water and soap. It just tumbles them around and punting as little water as possible and no visible soap anywhere. Why are these things popular? Hopefully they stop making them.
I wouldn't know, my washing machines are older than I am, and they're still running great.If you want some quality washing machines, buy some pre 1990s maytag machines, if you can find them, they last for-fucking-ever.
just go for a low end non efficiency washerthe salesmen don't even have a bullshit reason why these are better they just start on why it's better for the environment rather than talking about the clothes
Shit only needs to get wet and rub together, the rinse cycle is what removes the dirt.
it's my parents washer
i got a 12 yo indesit or whateverit will last for amother 12 years im sure
Is it true that washing machines today come with touch screens and twitter notifications and shit?
I bought a used off Craigslist for 100 bucks. Not HE , but wiped it down and it works like a champ.
buying used washersThat's disgusting. Who knows what other people put in there?
Old appliances are the shit.  Had a 30 year old washer from like 1979.  All it ever needed was oil on the bearings and rollers.Had a microwave from 1993 that just died 6 months ago.  Salesman told me I couldn't buy a microwave that would last that long again.  Apparently 5 years if you're lucky.Bought the last Mitsubishi RPCRT TV on the market.  Still going strong 10 years later
I bought a tumble washer last year and it's been much better than the 14yr old top loader it replaced.No more tangled up or torn clothes either.
I hear that, but at the same time what isn't nowadays. You don't know what someone put in your food, or who touched a handle you touched or anything. At least washers clean themselves especially with a shitload of soap you can tell when something is clean or not. But if people are on a budget it is a good way to save money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE9-Ee83OFI
Poor people are so fucking weird.
how would you know you basement dwelling,cum crusted thong wearing triphomo
I think you have things reversed.
Samsung white goodshttp://www.smarthouse.com.au/news/71V10ALS-samsung-appliance-crisis-worsens-spin-doctors-called-in-to-shore-up-brand.aspx
Does it clean the clothes? That's the point of a washing machine. Water and soap are simply the method of accomplishing the goal and not a means onto themselves. If you want to see lots of water and bubbles splashing around, go take a bath.
buy used washerrun an empty cycle on hot with a bottle of white vinegar poured in it or lemo-shinethe inside tub of a washer is either stainless or a non porous enamel anyways you fucking nerds
I work in customer service for a "high-end" European appliance company.Their HE washers are pretty gud, but obviously I get a lot of calls from people with outlying issues.Though frankly, I am kind of tired of having to explain to idiots that you can't use liquid chlorine bleach in the washer, that you can't wash your fuckhueg king-size bedspread in it, that you shouldn't use liquid soap, that clearing a blocked pump is fairly easy and doesn't always require a service call, etc.Liquid chlorine bleach will be heated up to approximately 160-degrees F in the unit, at which point it will produce a toxic gas and put your ass to sleep. These HE washers don't require as much soap to begin with because they basically are capable of boiling your garments.Putting large bedspreads in the unit is fucking overloading it and could strain the motor and fuck it up. Take that shit to be professionally cleaned. You can try washing it if you want to, just don't be surprised when it overworks the motor and dies.Liquid soap brands typically contains animal fats that will lead to a greasy buildup and cause drain pump issues down the line. Same for dishwashers  Use powder-based soap and less of it.Also,Leave the fucking door open when you are done washing to allow the rubber door gasket to air dry. Consider wiping down the entire inside when you're done too. Otherwise don't be surprised if mold-like buildup starts forming around the door. This is true for ALL front-loading washers, regardless of brand.However feel free to call customer service at any time. We are here to help!
I bet you buy used HDDs too.
I had a 30 some year old washer till the other day. It finally reached the point of no repair. I purchased a high efficiency LG washer. The new one works so much fucking better. It uses much less water, much less soap, and cleans way fucking better. Your an idiot OP.
 Leave the door open after it runsTruth
You work for Bosch
Leave the fucking door open when you are done washing to allow the rubber door gasket to air dry. Consider wiping down the entire inside when you're done too. Otherwise don't be surprised if mold-like buildup starts forming around the door. This is true for ALL front-loading washers, regardless of brand.Is that were the dreaded HE smell I hear about comes from
do they get your clothes clean?do you get any type of rebate for being eco enviro clean green goodguy?
Not him but YESIf you keep the door open and wipe it down once in a while, the problem is totally gone
open browserclick 4chanclick the link that takes me to /g/see washing machine propaganda
In some jurisdictions, you have to have them.
It's a more interesting topic than "How gud is my graffics card guyse" thread #75,473
pic relatedYep. There will be residual dirty water the shit that is coming out of your clothes that will get in between the crevices of the door gasket and the actual opening of the unit. You could potentially see this as "mold" and you could also get a foul odor. 90% of calls about mold and odors are from people that just shut the door after they're done and don't think they have to do anything else.Don't do this.ALL front-loaders require a little bit more care than old maintenance-free top-loaders.ALSO, not sure about other brands, but my company also makes ventless dryers That do not require ducting to an outside wall. DO NOT let shit fall behind or beside the dryer and just leave it there, blocking the vent, dumbasses.
When you say it like that you could make anything sound stupid.
I heard that having visible suds in your tumble dryer he whatever is a sign youre using too much soap. You really only need the soap to break the surface tension in the water so the dirt and shit gets washed away
having visible suds in your tumble dryer he whatever is a sign youre using too much soapNo fucking shit, the soap is supposed to come off in the washeralsoYou're
Washers don't have heating elements though, it depends on the temperature of the hot water coming into it. Set it to warm instead of hot and that won't happen.
sounds more like he works for Aska
Washers do have heating elements. However the HE washers have instantaneous water heaters attached to the water valve or water supply line usually.
HE washers work great as long as you RTFM and load them right. Half the idiots who buy them load everything like they still have an agitator and wonder why their shit doesn't get clean.
One day about a year ago I was doing  a bunch of loads of clothes. After starting the third or fourth load I went upstairs to vacuum but something was off. A few minutes later I couldn't remember actually putting the last load of clothes in the machine. I rushed downstairs... fucking bubbles everywhere! I stopped the machine, reset the cycle, and cleaned up all the bubble mess. The washing machine seems to be fine but bubbles were oozing out of every nook and cranny in the machine. How much does this fuck up the machine and why doesn't the load sensor detect the drum is empty? It's an LG front loader.
My Bosch machine works until there's 1 minute left, then does nothing but won't let me open the door before it's finished doing nothing.
Its waiting to see how much water drips out to decide whether or not to do another spin cycle.
Thx. Is it actually a good idea to use these soft pads under the feet supposedly reducing noise? The machine is on a tiled concrete floor. The noise is ok but it shakes quite a bit for a new machine on a solid floor during the tumble phase so to say.
you can't use liquid chlorine bleach in the washBut you canI'm in the us and there's literally a dispenser that says "liquid chlorine bleach"
That's cute
My washer has a bubble balance thing on top that I have to keep centered for the machine to be balanced.If it shakes alot, it probably needs rebalancing.
Yea, I also hate that. It's fucking annoying. Why can't it just measure the water outflow while it fucking spins?If doesn't need to stop spinning until no more water comes out.
Because it's a cheap Korean washer.Hell they just had a recall on Samsung washers because they were catching on fire.
Sister has a LG, it seems good to me.
Honestly that sounds like a control board failure. Start by unplugging it and leave it unplugged for 10 minutes then plug it back in.Did that work? No?That'll be $200 plus labor, sir.unless you purchased the extended warrantywhich you didn'tkek
welcome the the internet of things. Where you baby diaper will be connected to your smartphone it already exist and so does your bottle of milk or your fridge. http://www.forbes.com/sites/janakirammsv/2015/05/12/canonical-and-ge-announce-smart-fridge-powered-by-snappy-ubuntu-core/why ? because fuck you. Yeah I hate all that connected stuff and internet of things. It shouldn't exist.
 buying extended warranty on a consumer device, ever
What's the problem with monitoring various devices on your smartphone or computer, especially when it's done in an open sauce way?I think it's pretty great for efficiency's sake.
On boxes of Mr. Bubble, it said "keep away from moisture."
They should for what they cost. But I don't think it will last you 30 years, either.
probably depends on your city. i don't think it exists for washers at the federal or state level
Yeah OP you are right. Washers dont even use the soap!Youre fucking retarded and I hope you fucking die
LOL USAHow does it feel to not only waste water and energy, but to have dirty clothes afterward because you can't make or use a washing machine properly.Be in Australia, with a shitty - actually literal piece of shit - Simpson washer uses less water and energy than a 'really good' MaytagThe maytag leaves the clothes dirty, this is apparently normal for US washing machines, where it's apparently recommended to cycle clothes 4-5 timesMaytag also highly recommends the use of hot waterSimpson works fine the first time with cold water.Simpson is the worst brand for anything in Australia and it did a better job than your Maytag shit.Fuck USA.The moral of this story is to never buy anything made in USA, designed in USA or listen to Americans when it comes to reliability.
Hi there, are you enjoying this American website?
Moot stole the code form 2ch...So it's really a Japanese website.
The ventless dryers are a scam, too. They use heat from hot water, so the clothes remain damp.
Miele master race here. Get out you poorfags.
 this American websiteAh, that explains why this website is so shitty.
AEG the strongest
They're not a scam. They're "European design."They're literally for yuropoors who all live in tiny spaces and dont want to fuck with having to vent every single appliance.Plus yuropoors dont burn their clothes to a crisp when they dry them. They've never liked doing that. They take their clothes out the dryer when they're 80% done then hang them around the kitchen to let them finish air-drying for less wrinkles and to save energy.The yuropoor appliance manufacturers just decided to cater to their base. Then amerifats buy them and think it's a "scam."
Any recommendations for front loaders that don't have tons of plastic, or shitty drive belts that come off easily?
80% done isn't finished. If you're going to air dry, why use a dryer at all? A folding clothes rack is all you need. And if you need your clothes in a hurry, too bad.
I have these old ass maytags that are just sheet metal and some internal bits
This, why are europeans always so retarded?
who the fuck owns a dryer?waste of money and space.
Must be nice to live in America where you can run to the nearest grocery store and pick up a 10-dollar 3-piece suit handmade by tiny Vietnamese children for half a penny a day.Then take it home and wash in detergent made from lard, then literally spend 50-dollars in electricity to burn it in the dryer until it no longer fits and looks even worse than it already did.Euros take better care of their clothes. You dry it to 80% dry, then take it out and let it air-dry. Seriously only takes 30 minutes max. Then you steam it to free it of wrinkles, while preserving the fabric's color and shape.Take better care of your clothing, amerifats.
Us Americans are lazy
Take better care of your clothing, amerifats./fa/Also, who the fuck washes a suit? You take it to a dry cleaner.
New appliances work while they work but overall lifespan is down. There's a reason a lot of new appliances are coming with 1 or 2 year warranties instead of 3, 5, or 10. They're designed for you to upgrade every few years when shit breaks and it costs as much, if not more, than buying a new one.
how the fuck are you all so damn interested in washers
he let his mom watch his clothe
Liquid soap brands typically contains animal fats that will lead to a greasy buildup and cause drain pump issues down the line. Same for dishwashers Use powder-based soap and less of it.I heard it the other way around.
dat filename
I currently have a Hoover which I bought in my early 20s, but will almost certainly go with Miele if it breaks. It's nearly at its 5y warranty so while I'm not expecting it to break I am mindful that it could.Do you think it's worth paying the extra over the WMG 120 for something like the WMR 560 WPS?
about 10 years ago my family had this old Miele toploader which was from the early 80s. It ran like a dream until one day my dad got pretty hammered and tried to wash some car engine parts or something. That was the end of it.
Best brands according to British consumer advocate agencyUpright vacuum cleaners: Sebo German, Miele GermanCylinder vacuum cleaners: Miele GermanWashing machines: Miele GermanTumble driers: Miele GermanWasher dryers: Miele GermanFridges: Bosch German, Neff GermanFridge-freezers: Miele German, Bosch GermanDishwashers: Siemens GermanBuilt-in ovens: Miele German, Neff GermanFree-standing ovens: AEG German
will a dryer fit on top of my washing machine, or do both have to be the same brand?
doesn't miele make vacuum cleaners too
 There is hardly any water and soap. It just tumbles them around and punting as little water as possible and no visible soap anywhere.Sounds like some retard never plugged in a water hose to it so it can get water.
or didn't remember to turn the water on.
Yeah, I got a German made one where the dust doesn't filter through the engine, it has very good power to noise ratio but I don't like the design of the retractable cord
Sounds like Germany can afford more shills than microsoft.
have high efficient washer and dryerwasher works finedryer leaves clothes moistput them back in for a 2nd gosenses the same weight as previous load and turns off after 5 minutesclothes still wetrepeat this process 6-7 times until clothes are dry
Free-standing ovens: AEG GermanYeah the Germans are pretty experienced at making ovens.
Mein neger
bump, because seriously, this is the best thread on /g/ currently.Finally some discussion about relevant technology.Pic related, my first and only Samsung device. Its actually not as bad as I expected.Miele was too expensive for a device I probably want to replace soon-ish, when I get a flat with some space for hang-drying it's a washer-dryer, aka money-burner on drying setting, and Amazon wouldnt want to ship to where I live, so that was the best option I could get locally.Also, note the huge euro sized room its in.
alsoHigh-efficiency washers are a scam. There is hardly any water and soapSamsung does something where they pre-bubble the soap to need less, so the depot for the detergent is actually so small, that I cant even use the recommended amount from the detergent packaging.But stuff still gets clean every time. So I cant see OP's anger.And when I put it on full dry, and dont overload it, Stuff even gets fully dry! And I get 5€ poorer, but beats growing mold in my flatThe only thing that really pisses me off besides the insane energy use on dry is the following:-Its noisy as hell. It has an imbalance so it sounds like a fuckin chopper takin off on spin-this fucker produces lint like a madman. Forget about wearing black stuff.
forgot:-that slight plasticky smell it produces while drying.Oh, and of course, I am afraid it wont last very long. But that is a problem with everything nowadays.However I find it funny that /g/ complains about it in this thread, but with other devices, such as phones and computers, that are easily as expensive as a mid range washing machine, no one seems to care.
Spoken like a true American cucklord, I'm sure some other publications will list "runner up", "notable mention" and "best value" before the black friday door buster sales
The fuck are you on about autist? Have your clothes ever been dirtier in a HE machine compared to those regular tubs? They clean the same using less water
Just get a Speedqueen.
Parents have Bosch washer and dryer.My mom wont even let me wash my own clothes when I go home. She says the washer was too expensive to let a child use it.I'm 22.
CONSUMER BOARD WHEN?
lol.My mom explained me how those machines worked, as soon as I was old enough to learn it.fuck off. This thread is 100x better than the usual which stupid gadget I dont even needconsumerist threads.
not a bad thread but stuff like this should have it's own board
But it is technology.It contains a small computertheres versions that can twitter and shitits built way to shitty to be used as long as one would like toBut you cant rice it.…Or can you? Gotta cut a window in my washer, and add some blue LED's
Old tech better than new tech, say it aint so /g/
Riced out washing machines?  Replace the motor with something more powerful?Aw hell, my washer is old enough that it has buttons that control if it will drain the water after a load is done.save suds and drain suds
Listen old man we don't need your shit. I don't give a flying fuck about some facebook bitch with 500 "friends" tweeting that she actually washed some cloths for the first time. I do like the fact that pretty soon my fridge and cabinets will tell me exactly how much food I have, the recipes I can make with them, and when I need to order more.
that fan probably cost $100 in 2015 dollars. if you spend $100 on a fan now you'll get something of similarly high quality
Old appliances are the shit.Except electric stoves and ranges.
I tried explaining this to my mom before. It was hopeless.
All those cameras that will be surreptitiously installed into cabinets costing five times the price they need to because people can't be assed to keep a note pad next to the fridge will be great too.
Check the exhaust of that dryer and make sure it's not plugged up.Have you been cleaning out the lint trap on a regular basis? e.g. after every load If not, the inside of it could be full of lint. Making it a fire hazard. If it's a gas dryer, then it might have a bad coil kit. It's the magnetic mechanism that creates the spark so it'll light.
Le nope, I've checked. Unless I spring for industrials, which that box fan is not, then most what I would find would be blown out of the water by that fan.I also have the high end model of that boxfan. It's even more powerful and weighs 40 pounds.pic related is Lasko's modern equivillentnot powered by 1/4 hp westinghousnot made in Americamade by chinksfirehazard
 I am afraid it wont last very long. But that is a problem with everything nowadaysIve heard from multiple people that one of the most common pricey repairs to modern washing machines is the electronics/buttons get all fucked and the board has to be replaced.Had a friend get a new front loading dryer and helped move it and I was put off by how cheap it felt but what got me most was the strong disgusting plastic smell when I opened it up.  Christ the manual for that dryer had a checklist of error codes and blue LED's out the ass for crying out loud.I don't care if its heavier, just get me a metal appliance with a dial and a few push buttons and thats all.
open browsergo to nasa.combrowse some imagessee the earth is round
At the McDonald's my dad runs they upgraded to an industrial HE washer and ended up swapping it ~2 months later for a 20 year old washer from his parents because the HE machine couldn't do shit
Top-loading master race.
Washing machines are technology and this board is /g/ - Technology, not /g/ - Computers
enjoy your house firehttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3090514/Pictured-60th-Samsung-washing-machine-spontaneously-burst-flames-operating-Australian-firefighters-say-explode-company-tries-fix-them.html
Australianof course
so in summary I can't use it to wash my clothes / sheets. guess I'll be taking my washboard down the the creek to do laundry.
In the early 90s had a dishwasher from the 70's that was pretty much all metal, including the push buttons. Was considering getting a newer one but a repair guy said keep it, because it will rarley break.  Loud as hell but was still working fine after moved out in 2005.  New house had a newer one with electronic buttons that fucked up after only 2 years and the plastic door latch broke and siezed shut too.  Heck, entire door was plastic and you could twist the damn thing with your arm if you applied enough pressure.Fuck.
This is why HE washers are a pain in the ass.You can't use liquid detergent because it will fuck up the unit, even if the fucking bottle says "HE safe"You have to ignore the "max fill" line on the detergent dispenser.  Filling up to that line also fucks up the washer.  It will also encourage mold growth.  You need to use LESS detergent than that, even though that line is there to indicate a "maximum".  How much less?  lol i dunno.Want to wash your bedsheets?  Sorry, you have to take it to someone with a REAL washing machine.After EVERY load, you need to not only leave the door open, but you have to use a towel to wipe down the drum and the rubber seal, which includes the inside crease of that seal.  If you don't, you'll get mold.Then there's the monthly maintenance:Thoroughly scrub down the rubber seal which includes the inside crease, the drum, and the detergent dispenserPut the machine through a clean cycle which does require bleachOh, you're still getting mold?  Sorry, you need to spend another $10 on some HE washer cleaning tablets.  Now add that to the monthly maintenance you already do.  And make sure you use a towel to wipe dry the rubber seal and drum.Fuck HE washers.  The industry loves them because they're prone to failure even WITH all that maintenance and you're forced to spend more money on either another unit, or the repair man and some overpriced OEM parts.
Yeah, its so sad.But the fuckers are fuckin heavy still. You'd expect a washing machine to be easy to carry one handed, given that it is so flimsy…also it is quite telling that my new washing machine has a giant sticker on it saying "10 year warranty!!!!**only for the motor"I'll probably be burning through 5 PCB's till the motor goes out.
Shitty appliance brands like Sub-Zero and Viking?Leave the thinking to the grown-ups, warboy
You can't use liquid detergent because it will fuck up the unit, even if the fucking bottle says "HE safe"You have to ignore the "max fill" line on the detergent dispenser. Filling up to that line also fucks up the washer. It will also encourage mold growth. You need to use LESS detergent than that, even though that line is there to indicate a "maximum". How much less? lol i dunno.What the fuck? What kind of caustic detergents do you have in america?Euro here, using front loaders with liquid detergent since I know what that noisy thing in moms basement is without any detergent related issues.Want to wash your bedsheets? Sorry, you have to take it to someone with a REAL washing machine.What kind of landwhale bedsheets do you have?Also, washing machines come in different sizes, so if you have giant loads of clothing, by a big machine, and not the cheap one for skinny singles.Thoroughly scrub down the rubber seal which includes the inside crease, the drum, and the detergent dispenserI just rub through it once after every wash. 5 fuckin seconds of my live once a week. Damn, I could shitpost so much during that time. Who will give me back that time?Put the machine through a clean cycle which does require bleachNa, you dont use bleach for that, you use machine cleaner.Every 6 months or so.
same here US
People really don't care about the environment. What they care about is their wallets. If you run multiple washes a day buying a more expensive high efficiency washing machine will save you money in energy costs over a longer period of time.
It's real mechanical and digital technology that does a real thing. You'll find the same interest in such things at, you know, real engineering/technology schools.
http://www.dailymail.co.ukStopped reading there
Hey /g/Im running a puny little homeserver in my bedroom.Its a Core E6400 with a passive cooler, some OEM motherboard and a WD Green drive.The problem is the 450W Corsair VX450 PSU, i already replaced its fan since the old one got noisy.Now im looking for a passive PSU for a reasonable price under 60€ ?, I think a sub 300W will do since there's no GPU installed.
Anyone ?
just look at some seasonics
Which of those are passive ? Or at least hybrid ?
Not that guy, but Seasonic are known for making high quality quite PSUs. Alternatively you can look at bequite!
Uh, do you mean "quiet" ?My current solution is fairly quiet, thats not my issue.I want a completely SILENT build, im also considering getting an SSD for this.I would be okay with a hybrid PSU since the server barely uses any power, so the fan is most likely never going to spin but id sill prefer a true fanless one.
Corsairs AX-series are rebrands of Seasonic. I have both 760 and 860, and have had a great experience with them running in hybrid mode.
I am aware that some Corsairs have a passive mode. But its mostly the higher end ones with 600+ watts, which would be completely overkill for my application
The platinum units are either hybrid or passive, depending on power level.
I don't think you'll find a decent fanless under 60 yuro. Maybe second hand...Besides Seasonic there's also Silverstone Nightjar stuff if you want regular ATX fanless.Other than that, there are those small under 100W power bricks that are also fanless, but don't have the regular connectors. Or maybe you can make it work, I don't know.
What if i just unplug the fan and rely on passive cooling, because i only use a fraction of its potential power anyway ? Is this too risky ?Modern PSU's have automatic thermal shutoffs right ?
That's stupid. PSUs are not designed to operate fanless. Unless they are fanless. The heat sinks are extremely undersized. So unless you're rocking 80+ platinum, you're not doing a very clever thing by unplugging the fan.
Actually, what if i just take my current one and get  a really high quality fan, like a noctua one ?I am really convinced of getting a passive one since the fucking fan is starting to drive me crazy. Also, does anyone know any good 120mm fans that are ultra quiet and capable of running 24/7 ? How much airflow do PSU's need on average ?
If you want something cheap you can get one of those power bricks and something that converts the power to standard desktop connectors like pic related.
my psu bequit is silent as fuckI'm pretty sure it has a fan since it's bottom dust filter catches dust but there's no way you can tell it's there
and I'm positive my hdd makes more sound while torrenting etc then my psu at any time
Very likely, decouple them from the case with rubber straps
Storage drive is not my concern right now as it might be replaced anyway. And my Current Western Digital Green drive is sitting on a cleaning sponge.I use my shelf as a case.http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA7YP2TV9677This looks reasonable, but im not sure how far this will improve my current situation since this is a rather cheap one.
Which one /g/?
I would like to know too
None, they're both shit!
I'm a fan of Ubuntu but I guess its all about personal preference.
none/thread
freebsd
Aside from personal preference. I've been using Ubuntu for like 7 years now, and I'd like to use something else now.Give me facts. Convince me.I tried Slackware but it's just too much of a hassle.What I want is a minimalistic distro. I don't need all those extra tools and programs and god forbid I don't need those stupid gnome games.Currenty running Ubuntu server with Awesome wm
Fedora
What I want is a minimalistic distro. I don't need all those extra tools and programs and god forbid I don't need those stupid gnome games.Arch.
I don't know how much Ubuntu is related to Debianbut today I installled Debian with Gnome 3.14 from Fedora 20 Gnome 3.8shit font  i already fix thatlots of bloatwere shit i dont know how to remove, fedora has easy menager for thati have mobile connection to my laptop and terminal cant find my connection for god's why reasonmy cooler werks on deskop, the same i don't know whyI am so mad on Debian, I only want it cuz i cannot install SFML library on Fedora 20 but compare to Debian, Fedora is just works
god forbid. I want the basic functionality at least. A window manager and elementary drivers.Don't get me wrong, I've used arch before but I will probably never use it again.
Go with debian. You can never go wrong with debian.
It's a bitch to install, but it's not a bitch to maintain. install gentoo
seeI don't want the bloatware.Is gentoo any good?
At the expense of using software that is outdated as fuck for the sake of stability.
Ubuntu has all the packages you need but is a shit OSFedora is a great OS but you have to compile any software you want
Archbang - Comes with everything working out of the box.
Manjaro maybe.
Fedora is just a wanna-be archNow a proper thread, would be, ubuntu vs arch.
Arch evo/lution installer.
/g/ wars episode II: attack of the morons
What is wrong with you archfags? You people always try to convince others to use your shitty distro, even when no one asked you to. You're the vocal minority that won't shut up.
Is gentoo any good?I really doubt that anyone but the few autists here know. I certainly don't, my life is too short for compiling large packets from scratch to be in the /g/'# super may may club.
what is unstable
Anything vs Archon fucking /g/Come on now.
ubuntu vs fischer pricefedora vs openSusearch vs gentoolets have have a reasonable comparison,  OP.
I'm not sure what exactly you're getting at with the first one, openSUSE is no longer relevant so Fedora wins by default, and if you use either of the last two you're an idiot, so what now?
After all these years it's still Debian vs Red Hat
ubuntu is by far the best linux operating system it's not even a competition, what are you talking about.
The only thing Ubuntu has over Fedora is more precompiled binary packages. After that, it loses in every category.
openSUSE is no longer relevant so FedoraDid something happen recently ? Like devs dropping out ?I was thinking of using the KDE version on my desktop.
openSUSE is the same as before, but since it's not popular on /g/, apparently its irrelevant.
in your case maybe it should be ubuntu vs barbi fun house.I'll just let the next 2 stand, because your comment was irrelevant.
Came to this thread to say just that.
It's not popular anywhere though. Ubuntu came and there ceased to be a reason for it to exist.
ubuntu if you're a total beginnerotherwise fedora
Couldn't you just use alien to convert Ubuntu's plentiful deb packages into rpms and win there too?
Ubuntu because Fedora can't even make its installer right.
fischer priceopenSusearch
not popular anywhereExcept Europe.  You'd think it was the only distro in the world if you toured data centers in Germany and Austria.
Couldn't you configure Ubiquity to install Fedora?
Even in Germany and Austria everyone just uses Ubuntu.
There was this one time I downloaded Fedora ver 19 iirc, and it fucking throw an exception on the first update.Not again.
it's pronounced soo-zah.Like John Phillip Souza.
Except that's not the way you pronounce Souza either ;
Fuduntu
Microsoft has paid shills who not only  spam 4chan with windows10 hype, they also hype ubuntu as the prefered linux distro, so just in case you do try linux, you'll form a low opinion of it.
Ubuntu is alright but I'm concerned about Mir and Snappy they intend to implement.
Fedora all the way. Antergos is better then both of them though.
Antergos. Basically just Arch for retards.
consier le folowingPlease go back to reddit.
i use korona when my gentoo is down
it is excellent i promise
Fedora is waaaaaaaaay better.I used Ubuntu with GNOME for a year. After installing all my packages and configs it went to shit. Really fucking slow, plus programs would fail to launch and crash randomly.Fedora is much more stable.Also GNOME 3 is so much better than Unity.
For the desktop it's Ubuntu no contest.longer supportmore packagesfonts look goodeasy access to proprietary software
Not him, but the anime "consider the following" macro is almost exclusively used on 4chan and not reddit.
hai guise im trying really hard am i fit in yet
fonts look goodThis. The fonts on Fedora make my eyes bleed.
Boom in your face
RedHat is better than Canonical about dicking over users in a consistent way.RH:rpmNetworkManagersystemdCanonical:new ubuntu software install system shitupstart killed by systemdMir killed by waylandIf you go with ubuntu, expect to need to actually reinstall at least as frequently as the LTS release get out because Canonical love trying to push their own stuff and then getting poopsocked by the rest of the linux world who realise it's both a bad idea, and a Canonical "we've the biggest desktop install base" power play.
don't fall for the memeif you're a decent person who have a job, don't fucking fall for the meme
Xubuntu.
Gentoo and Arch are meme-tier distro.No one with a life seriously use them.finished installingfirst fucking update ever -Syyuthe entire thing is fucked because lightdm and plymouth goes full banana and wont boot
lightdmplymouththe jokes on youdo you have dragon sized tumor on your brain or what?
I use them on Ubuntu since forever, they work just fine.Maybe Arch should work more on its compatibility and stability and stop breaking at every single update or package installation?
How did you end up with lightdm and plymouth on a fresh install? Did you use one of the retarded installers out there?
Manjaro
That's not Arch.
you officially fucking retarded that's whyyour incompetent proves that
Oh my god no wonder it broke.
see 

jej
You were probably missing OpenALsoft
That's like saying Debian is a piece of shit because Ubuntu broke on an update.
If it's limited to those two, definitely fedora. But there are better distros out there if you're not a lazy ass like 
Red Hat dick  Canonical dick, any day
I like Ubuntu because I already learned all the necessary commands and it's already installed on my server, so if it isn't broken why change?Also the times I installed Fedora on the desktop were horrible, every time I installed the Nvidia drivers it broke.  I know that not being friendly to proprietary software might be considered a plus for some people, but not for me.  Give me convenience or give me death.
torvaldorabecause fuck you nvidia, that's what torvald said.
You're wrong.
/g/ wars episode VIII: comments kicking my sides out of the orbit
what is your distro of choice?
Both are riddled to death with bloat, but at least with Fedora you can remove Plymouth without erasing the rest of the OS. What else is safe to remove?
I'm currently using the following setup:Server: Gentoo performance, stability & securityNotebook: Parabola arch w/o proprietary reposDesktop: Debian bigger support for industrial softwareAll great distros.
Opinion discarded.
thanks, I'm considering Deb for desktop.set up crunchbang about a year or two ago and played with it, enjoyed it for some time and then got back into the windows...looking to kill some time again with a proper OS.
Debian is still good on laptop. As an aside, you might be interested in knowing that #! is now dead. Owner packed it in a few months back saying that debian now had now grown to fill the niche that #! was supposed to serve.
yeah was reading up on it, there is https://crunchbangplusplus.org/but meh.
After few hours i could say debian is quite cooli erase all blotwareyou can edit easy all your repos cuz they are in single *txtmy laptop is chill Alsobooting is faster and shutting downiceweasel boots faster then firefoxI miss only Thunderbird
Wow you have no idea what you're talking about.
Windows 10
Just use Icedove
question: do all the terminal commands work the same for both ubuntu and fedorais fedora debian based?
Antergos
They're both shit but at least fedora isn't a botnet.
No. Fedora uses yum
Thunderbird is part of the debian mozilla rebrand and is available under "icedove".
Fedora is based on RHEL from Redhat.
Mint user here, can someone explain why Ubuntu is bad without using buzzwords?
yum is deprecated. fedora uses dnf now.
I could play Clannad on Ubuntu, on Fedora it seems I can not.
Ubuntu seems to be more desktop-ready than Fedora, but I'd pick any other DE variants other than Unity.
Currently using Fedora 22 but i will switch on next release of ubuntu lts i don't want to deal with upstart
Canonical have are taking advantage of the userbase to push proprietary changes that they can control and charge businesses for support for.See:* Mir* Upstart* Bazaar* Unity packagingetc.
First, Unity which is pretty much shit version of gnome 3 with cancerous colorscheme and they've actually managed to make it more resource heavy than gnome3Second, Canonical, which instead of adopting common standards tries to reinvent the wheel with their own shit ie Mir instead of Wayland, Upstart instead of Systemd etc etc. They've already killed upstart, because it was a failure but still try to push Mir.
Thanks.
Install Wine faggot.
Garbage.
No it's not. RHEL is based on Fedora. Fedora is Beta testing for RHEL.
Current Wine version is like 1.7 now.
Wait, hold onSo then why the fuck would I use Fedora instead of CentOS if I was going in that direction
Doesn't make it any less garbage.
Well you didn't die by trying.
Immortality. No death, only suffering.
What kind of backpack do you fa/g/gots use to take your chinkpad with you? Which are the /g/ approved backpacks?I use a 10 year old case logic similar to pic related which is a bit worn out. Looking for suggestions for a new one.
CHROME BRAND.
I need a new backpack too. The Wirecutter usually has good recommendations./g/ - ConsumerismWhere's my technology?
this is not a fucking review site.  read the fucking stickykill yourself.  purses are not technology
desktop bread is teknologiemuh battlestation bread is teknologiewatch bread is teknologiehome screen bread is teknologiecontribute or fuck off edgelord
t-thanks
What's the single best budget microphone?I've heard good things about microphones in general... but I was just wondering if I were to buy one, which should I strive for?You know, like if there was a microphone out there that shot for the stars of the upper tier microphones but descended back to a low pricepoint to mingle with those of us without monetary wealth although perhaps spiritually wealthy!anyway, the main jist is im starting an occult talkshow so i need a great microphone so as to commune with the dead as little as possible! background and static noise heh, a little occult joke for youso how can i make it so that my audience can hear me and not the ghosts that grace my presence. thanks for reading, bros!
Budget? Otherwise the Shure SM58 is the all-around proven champ for cheap mics.
Shure SM58upper limits $100Preferred price is ~$20realistically i want something in the $40s -$60s though.So that shures good for all-purposes?When I looked it up it seemed like it was more of a live-performance/musical microphone. would that be suitable for podcasting as well?
Do you already have a preamp or interface? what is your total budget?
/g/ im getting a new phone soon and i pretty much am set on the g3 or m8which should i go with ?
Got the same problem too.. I got the G3, and so far so good. CloudyG3 ROM
One has nice speakersone has senseone has lg skinone has a shitty camera, the other has a slightly less shitty cameranot that hard m8
go with LG
g3:epic battarybestest screen everso fast cant even r8bestest bezels in the hole mobile marketone:hm... its good..
htc One owner here to shine some light. Had the one for 2 years. Great fucking phone until 5.0 Everything with the camera and spearks went to shit, The Zoe feature shorts the camera into pink. but I'm talking about the m9Never again will i buy a reinvented camera cencor. Go with the G3 or Nexus 5
The G4 is coming out pretty soon, as is the M9I'd say give it a wait and see how things turn out.
Nexus 5as someone who owns a Nexus 5, don't do that. The battery is bad, the camera is subpar and Lollipop pretty much made everything worse.
What do you think of the new Guk 1.7?It's great that it oscillates at 230 GPM now, but the loss of the anti-skate and D.ARE features is a bit of a kick in the nuts.pic related
Cuck 1.7
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
What's going on in pic related?Is it really possible to hook up a desktop gpu to a laptop?
Yes but performance wont be as good
How does this technology work?
uses PCI-E 1x connection in the expansion slot and connects a gpu to it, uses nvidia optimus to send the video signal back to the laptop
I think they substitute one of the ram slots in the laptop as a pce slot through an adapter. The power supply then powers the card.
It's kinda possible but if it's connected by USB then the speeds will be very limited.
yes
Works, but not well at all. There's other solutions available that are way better, but they're unfortunately proprietary things meant for specific models.
its possible but its bottlenecked to the point where itd be cheaper to buy a generic desktop and throw a gpu inUSB bottlenecks the fuck out of itIt wont have the proper pci lanes so youll most likely be using pic-e 1x or 2x which bottlenecks the fuck out of itor you have proprietary like alienware, which most likely uses something similar to the pci-e lanes but is a bit more optimized for the situationtl;dr its a shit idea dont waste your money
Performance wont be as good as if you used the card on a similarly specced desktop.Performance is better than using internal video card on laptop, unless you've got a god-tier machine.
this is misinformation.it utilizes an ExpressCard slot or the Mini PCIe slot where usually the wifi card is placed.the pcb with the normal PCI slot  costs about 50$ lowest I could find, add that to the cost of a sufficient desktop power supply.Performance is bottlenecked by the slow 1x PCI lane.And if you're not discouraged enough, it's not plug and play, you need to restart your laptop when connecting the GPU, and it's not guaranteed to work with your bios, as certain laptops have a pci whitelist supporting only certain devices e.g. HP wanting only HP-sold wifi/wan cards and NOT gpu's
thisonly a good option if your laptop has a good CPU and the GPU is fuckedyou lose wifi, need to by the adapter, get a power supply and you get a mess on your desk
PCIe x16 and x1 to HDMI external adapters both exist, they're used for wifi, gpu and btc mining too.Soon we'll get PCIe to USB3 adapters too, they already exist but only available for enterprises.
usb I have no idea what I'm talking about but I did buy an alienware gaymen laptop Is it just a habit for you to speak out of your ass or are you just retarded?
ibky avaukavke fir ebteroruseshttp://www.amazon.com/Anker%C2%AE-Express-Connector-Desktops-Chipset/dp/B005ARQV6U/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1432943293&sr=8-1&keywords=pcie+usb3+card
USB 3 male to PCIE
That's not what I meant, it's a hub and it's not external. I got a YT link somewhere, will post when I find it
I don't think that's what he meanthaving a pci SLOT connecting to a usb3.0 port, not the other way aroundalso5V 4-Pin Power Connectorwhat's wrong with calling it what it is, namely molex
youre fucking retarded.  get the fuck off /g/youre fucking retarded.  leave /g/fuck youre retarded.  get the fuck out of /g/, retardHOW ARE THIS MANY RETARDED PEOPLE ON /g/fucking leave
I have one of these but Ive never used it. I was gunna try to use it by going in through the disk drive bay, but never got around to it.
Found the link:https://youtu.be/oq2wQB8SuQsThis is the only company who makes them, afaik, and they only sell to corporations.
Laptops, for external expansion, use whats called an ExpressCard slot.  Virtually all laptops have one of these.  It is electrically just a PCIe x1 slot.So, you can run a video card in it, but it will only run in PCIe x1 mode.
I want to try it but all the games I play work tolerably with my NVS 5400m so I can't justify it.If I only had Intel iGPU I wouldn't hesitate to do this.
There's a couple of companies that make Thunderbolt 2 GPU enclosures for Apple laptops also. They're kind of obscure and expensive though
this thread made me feel really smart, thanks anons
mount stupid
Virtually all laptops have one of theseExcept 90% of non-business notebooks don't. Also in most cases the Mini PCIe slot only has USB, which is useless for this.
Also in most cases the Mini PCIe slot only has USBThis might be the most retarded thing I heard all dayMini PCIe is a form factor of PCI, but only using 1 lane. Any PCI device could be connected to it, be it a GPU, a wifi card, a sound card, a USB root hub, list goes on
Also in most cases the Mini PCIe slot only has USBStop posting, seriously
90% of non-business notebooks dont have expresscardyoure so damn retarded, holy fuck
Also in most cases the Mini PCIe slot only has USBI don't understand what you mean by that. The thing in OP's pic is a board with a PCIe x16 slot on it and it's connected through one of the HDMI ports, on the other end instead of the  HDMI port it's connected to the laptop using the PCIe x1 internal slot similar to the SSD mSATA pic related, which is usually reserved for wireless adapters.The HDMI cable is connected to PCIe x1 with a connector like this by the way: http://i.imgur.com/a1KjDRM.jpgUnless you were talking about the USB2 port on the board, that can be used to connect additional USB devices, like pen drives, printers or whatever, it's just a USB port.
And yet some MiniPCIe slots only have the USB pins connected.Are YOU retarded? Most consumer shitbooks have as few ports as possible, most don't have expresscard.
Do we get a second chance?You have PCI adapters that go to either Thunderbolt, mPCI, or Expresscard, all of which are PCI underneath anyway. You plug your GPU into it and power it with your standard desktop power supply. You used to have to restart and connect to an external to be able to play your vidya. However, nvidia cards can install Optimus which will send the frames back through the link and let you view it on your internal display; this supposedly doesnt need the restart.More reading material can be found here:http://forum.techinferno.com/diy-e-gpu-projects/2109-diy-egpu-experiences-%5Bversion-2-0%5D.html
similar to the SSD mSATA pic related, which is usually reserved for wireless adapters.That's the MiniPCIe slot. Msata only supports SSDs and USB devices.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PCI_Express#MSATAmini PCIe slots often only have the USB connectors connected, since most wireless cards don't use the PCIe bus.
.. WhatPCIe has nothing to do with USB.There are no USB pins in PCIe.Do you have learning disabilities?
apparently it doesfirst thing I heard of  it as well
Are you talking about this?
Would be bandwidth be sufficient? Thunderbolt is supposed to be PCI-E.
mPCIe is not that same as PCIe, retard.Yes, that's not compatible with mSATA.
The HDMI to PCIe x1 is already bundled with the external GPU board at least the brand in OP, so it's not really a problem, just unplug the USB adapter from your laptop and connect the HDMI adapter provided with the board.
The problem is the loop-back to the external display. Eats a lot of bandwidth.
Apparently it's sufficient https://imgur.com/a/ckIf4Though the hardware to make it work is insanely expensivehttp://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/973353-REG/sonnet_echo_exp3fd_echo_express_iii_desktop.html
Wouldn't USB type-c work for this application even better?
HDMI to PCIe x1what in the fuck are you talking about
fucki was just thinking about this an hour agohow long will it take for decent solutions to become available?i just want a pcie 3.0 x8 interface or something on my laptop and connect to a gpu in a neat enclosure
thisit's fucking pathetic
The HDMI? cable transmits PCIe signals and has nothing to do with HDMI, m8.
lurk moar
DudeYou need more than 10 MB/s for a video card, or any internal device for that matter.Transference speeds between internal pieces is measured in GIGABYTES, you faggot.
Are we talking about the same thing? I'm talking about the thing that OP posted, if you read the device specs you'd see it provides a converter from HDMI to mPCIe technically called PCIe x1 like this.http://www.hwtools.net/Adapter/PE4H.html
Now if some company would just create a kick ass GPU that's the size of an ExpressCard/54 that just goes into the slot and that's that I'd give a fuck.someday such technology will existnot in our lifetimes, however
It just uses HDMI cables, but does not use the HDMI signal. It uses PCIe. Not HDMI.
Considering the trend is for thinner, shittier laptops, with higher speed ports, I think this external GPU shit will become more popular.
what the literal fuck are you talking about?a PCIe x1 slot is capable of 985MB/s, which is adequate to run a GPUoh wait thats right, you are fucking retarded and dont belong on /g/
Actually a lot of the ARM SoCs have really good on-chip GPUs.  I have to imagine that an entire expresscard could fit a decent GPU on it.were still limited by the x1 speed though; so really Id like to see a replacement for expresscard, or at least a newer expresscard that has at least 4 lanes
I did this when I had a 2570p as my only computer, and even if it allowed me to play more games, it was quite a pain in the ass to use.For wathever reason the bios didn't like my gpu, so I had to boot the laptop, and when on grub power on the egpu, then resume booting on either Debian or Windows. Another problem was that if your external monitor is connected to your laptop, you'll be bottlenecked by your igp because even if the egpu does the calculation, the display is connected to your motherboard, and this port is managed by the igp.But yes, with an adapter I was able to use a 660 on a 2570p still bottlenecked because of pci but I had to 1 boot the laptop 2 stop system election at grub 3 power the egpu 4 resume booting 5 unplug the monitor from the laptop to plug it on the egpu.TL;DR : I used it for a few month and it was such a pain in the ass to use daily that I bought more parts to make a proper desktop.
dude, that was one massive paragraph of fucking gibberish
You can do this on any laptop with a thunderbolt port most macbooks have this. Graphics cards usually use something like 8GB per second of bandwidth under load on a PCI express 3.0 x16 slot which can support more than that. Thunderbolt can currently go at 2 GB per second, and with the next version v3 of the spec it will go at 4 GB /s
I apologize that it was beyond your level of comprehension, perhaps /v/ is more your speed?
The Alienware Graphics amplifier bottlenecks because: "The input card looked like it was a PCI-Express 8x card, and upon asking we were told that it was actually operating over just four lanes, which we fear can have a notable impact on performance for higher-power graphics cards due to the more limited bandwidth."
How much of a performance decrease can one expect? I'd kill to have this kind of setup and still be able to vidya.
hnng
How much of a performance decrease can one expect?I've not done any benchmarking with pic related, but I've read it's around 15-25% with ExpressCard 2.0 running 5 Gb/s when you feed it back to the laptop's display. Passing the video through to external monitors is probably a fraction of that.
pen drives Wat
didn't know you could feed it back to the laptop monitorthe solutions i had seen before always required an external monitor and that's why they sucked ass imo
What do you think is going on in the OP image, it's always been used like that, that was the whole fucking point: to increase graphics performance ON THE LAPTOP and not have to attach a big ass monitor or whatever which is still possible of course but but but...
did you even read the second part of my post?i know that's the fucking point, my point is that last time i looked at this sort of thinggranted it was a long time ago it always used an external monitor. i'm happy this is not the case anymore.
OP image is the original one posted like 5 years ago by the first person that ever accomplished that sort of setupposted it all over the place, multiple forums, etcyou're just ignorant, admit it
That I was wrong about the specifics doesn't change the fact that 10 MB/s will be still slower than anything but the shittiest intel integrated GPUs.
What thinkpad is that?
How much of a bottleneck is that?
didn't know you could feed it back to the laptop monitor is using an Nvidia card with an Optimus capable laptop so it treats the card as the discrete graphics. It's basically plug and play, aside from installing extra drivers. And if you don't plug in the eGPU it defaults back to the on-board discrete graphics.
why do you rich fucks even need a thinkpad?
cause /g/ told them
posting this from a X220 on a 4K ScreenX220  GTX 770  4K PanelI use a eGPU-Adapter, that connects via the express-card slot... works like a charm imb4 shills
some thinkpads are nice
rich-GTX 750 Ti $100-power supply $30-Taiwanese eGPU board and cables $80I did it because nearly every single laptop with discrete graphics on the market is shit in some way or another. And they ALL have shit keyboards. Plus it's way cheaper than building a desktop.
Can you post a link to the adapter you got for your x220? I want to try it on mine.
Isn't the cpu a bottleneck for games?
What do you play on that? How does it run?
https://encrypted.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=pen%20drives&tbs=imgo:1
have 9-year-old  business laptopattach eGPUcan now play vidyas from 4 years agohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP_8EYQ-2RAThis is fucking awesome.
Tell us what kind of frames per second you're getting on some games, please.
this guy's voicemuted
/g/ is about gayman toys, cuckdroids fashion accessories and dated stallmanist ideologies, it's you who don't belong :^
Sony Vaio Masterace reporting in. Can confirm I do have an ExpressCard slot.
It looks like a shitty hacked up version of thunderbolt, which is itself locked-down shit.
This is fucking awesome.Indeed it is, holy fuck my laptop will be usable again, anyone knows if there is anything similar but for CPUs?
external cpu's Topkek
http://ark.intel.com/products/71992/Intel-Xeon-Phi-Coprocessor-5110P-8GB-1_053-GHz-60-core
It's definitely summer.
Performance won't be the same as PCI-Ex16, but it'll work if you need it to. ExpressCard adapters will run at x1 speeds per adapter, same for most mPCI-E slot adapters. I could easily be wrong, but I've read that Thunderbolt-based setups can pull PCI-Ex4 speeds.
it was in the worst english ive seen this entire threadyou either dont speak english natively, or youre retarded
2/10 bait, possibly serious
Link to adapter?
nvidiagarbage ahhahahahaha you fuckin losers
At times like this I wish I didn't buy a mini motherboard, mine got just one PCIe x16 slot, can't even sli.
and why is that?
The thunderbolt 2 ports on the macbooks work pretty well for this. If thunderbolt 3 comes out on the pro line then you'll most likely be able to get nearly full performance from a desktop video card. video cards can run at x4 with a very tiny loss of performance from x8 or x16
just a shame the enclosures cost a shitton of dosh
Yeah that's what's keeping me from trying one as well.
I have en eGPU setup with my X220 using an expresscard to pcie adapter, most cards deliver around 80-90% of what they do with a pcie x16 lane.Almost all games run perfectly smooth, except for the new Wolfenstein game and its megatextures being loaded and offloaded from GPU memory every 5 seconds.Will it replace the desktop? Nope.
Which adapter are you using?
I think there's some Optimus overhead because it has to keep framebuffer in system RAM, or something? Kinda like VirtuMVP thing on desktops?
Will it replace the desktop? Nope.That was obvious, who is so insane to buy a desktop psu, gpu and board adapter with all those exposed power cables, just to use their laptop as display to play muh aaa games with bottlenecked speed...This PCIe board adapter was never intended for gaming.
Vidock 4++ Overdrive with 325 watt powerbricks, one delivers 75watt to the PCIe bridge and the other 250 watt to the GPUIt's a discontinued model, bought it cheap second hand bundled with a Sonnet Technology Thunderbolt to ExpressCard reader. pic related
I've always wondered why Apple don't just put some nice GPU at lease high-end mobile in Cinema Display and stick with Intel  integrated in laptops. Seems to be perfect for their business model, and also nice for people who can afford it.
My setup is self contained, its just a black box with venting and two powerbricks, i get to keep the mobility of my X220 and i can play vidya if i desire. My laptop is hooked up to an external monitor and keyboard/mouse anyway.
It made me think of what Steve Jobs said, "the customers dont know what they want, we tell them"So please, Apple tell us we need eGPU's -_-
macs are for fags
Thanks for replying to me! It makes me warm when spergs try to communicate.
I'm actually interested in this.I have one of those Clevo barebones with a pretty powerful i7 but the downside is its GTX 660M.If I buy one of those adapters, then I won't need to buy a completely new desktop just for gaymen.Nice.
how cute.
margins
If all this is kill, what laptops kill it? I'm not familiar with the gaming laptop brands. Anything Notable?
that's actually... a cool idea.
Because some faggot on /g/ has no idea what the phi is but is posting a link to it anyway.
Apple is pushing for 5k support in their new laptops, so it's unlikely to happen. Apparently new ACDs will be 5k and macs need to drive them on their own.
isnt it just a coprocessor with a "bunch" of x86 cores?
It's like a video card that only does cuda but doesn't need cuda or opencl.  CO processor
Anyone know how to factory or password reset a lenovo thinkpad with windows 7? My dumbass girlfriend forgot her password.
give it back you nigger
You can unlock it with a hammerShits can't even hold up to HP's quality now.
Anyone know how to factory or password reset a lenovo thinkpad with windows 7?sure, it's not hard
seconded
dumbass girlfriendgirlfriendgirlthinkpadnot a MacbookI'll believe it when I see it.
sure thing buddy
install gentoo
Just pirate a new copy of windows and install over old version of windows 7
Drown yourself
nigger stole a thinkpad.get a mac next time.
How do I install windows 7? I don't have a disc to reset it.Anyone Help?
Boot into a linux flash driveBackup all the data you need on the Windows partitionWipe the partition and reinstall Windows.
Search for "windows password reset USB" on Kickass torrents. Use that to reset the password.
you need a disk, idk might be possible to do it with a usb.Just install ubuntu on it dude
girlfriendthinkpad with windows 7Just give it back to the /g/ent you stole it from.
he doesn't know how to install windows
Ya'll motherfuckers be stupid! I don't have the disc for linux or windows. I want to know how to get through the factory password
I heard it was harder than installing Gentoo
Okay, there. I hacked it for you. You should be able to get in now. Nice, wallpaper btw!
call lenovo and get your product key. if it really is your girlfriend's laptop, there wont be any problem providing proof of purchase. if it isn't really hers, fuck you.
post a pic of her and we might help you
https://kat.cr/windows-password-reset-recovery-disk-win-8-7-vista-xp-iso-t9109391.htmlUse this and fuck off

you have to replace the motherboard, dumbass
her
Sorry, you're on your own, gook.
get the disk, cunt fagget

I'm pretty sure that has a dick.I'm not convinced.
pirating a password reset diskThat looks sketchy as fuck.  Just use the nt offline editor or something like ubcd that includes it like everyone else.
OK OP, here is what you need to do:1 - turn on the computer2 - enter or select your username3 - leave /g/ and dont come back
burn the motherboard. done, you're most welcome.
girlfriend forgot passwordlikely story
Is it running Windows?  Yes, then call Microsoft you worthless piece of shit.  You own a proproetary operating system and it would be ILLEGAL for anyone to help you with this particular problem.  It is illegal for you to even ask us now that you know it is illegal.  If you continue to do so I will call Microsofts lawyers and tell them you are soliciting help with tampering with their password protection system
Said he use theenkpadDont know how to install windowsdont know how to get leenooxOP is a nigger, because he must be got that laptop from stealing and his dumbness convince me more. Return that laptop tyrone.
Try Gentoo, it's excellent at recovering passes
, 
, 
, 
Hey /g/, long time lurker first time poster.  I would like to get some opinions about the zenfone 2. I'm currently a very unhappy iphone user that would like to make the jump over to android and it seems that this phone would be the best bang for my buck while I'm locked in my contract.
2015buying an NSA spy devicenot living off the grid
wait how are you even posting if you are off the grid?
asus made a phonemitebcool
wrapping yourself in tinfoil being unable to enjoy the internet because you think someone in a cubical is looking at you shitpost on a Mongolian imageboardalso,posts on 4chan while saying he's off the gridOP, the Zenfone 2 is okay. The reviews I've read have knocked the battery life below average and bad camera. I've also read that the UI is hit or miss and that it comes with a shit load of bloatware that you'll have to uninstall yourself.
My tinfoil is called a network of proxies and internet cafes that I steal wifi from.Get on my fucking level
are you from the darknet?
I've seen some shit, bad shit.
It's a fucking cool phone, I'm happy I bought it.But do we really need so many threads?  I mean I'm starting to understand why people think SNSV is shilling here, even though I do like this phone.  I guess I'm part of the problem because I shill it to justify my purchase.
Could you install ubuntu or windows on it? Honestly that chipset could be a perfect budget laptop replacement if you can plug it into a monitor and use desktop OS and peripherals.
cons:poor battery despite being 3000 whateversdim displaycapacitor buttons aren't litwonky as fuck power button placementpros:asus4gigs of ramcheap for what you getintel atom processor on par with soem of the snapdragonsnot stock android UIfor the price its not terrible, but its certainly not on the same level as the contract phones. I'm wary of buying anything that might begin to frustrate me after only a few months. But if you got the dosh to spare, and wanna experiment with android i guess its worth a shot
jump to androidmight as well jump off a cliff because your social life is over
he thinks I have a social lifePfhahahaha.
capacitor buttons aren't litthats like complaining your keyboard keys arent LED backlit
not op, but the only people who use apple in my office are either super old, borderline retarded, or bought an iphone 4 and never upgraded. In fact, the entire engineering dept uses android, as well as most of our promotions and design team members
what kind of nerd company is that?VirginTech?
you forgot the biggest concant bluetextthis anon knows what is up
I do complain about that. Planning on fixing that problem soon too.
a national radio corporation. The sellers tend to use apple, but i would say many of them fit in the either "old" or "borderline retarded" categories. Apple has become the phone for old farts and teenage girls. Pictures, internet, email.
national companyNevermind, it's from the poor side of the world
can't blue textwho gives a shit, I'm not some dumbass highschool student who thinks he has a shot at some vapid whore if I buy an iPhone, go back to 9fag
Comes for advice and recommendations to stir discussiondevolves into shit posting /g/ starting to feel a lot more like /v/Go watch reviews and read articles on the phone OP, best I can suggest. I also recommend learning about the competitors in the price range to help make up your mind.

unironically using a bait imageAbandon thread
who gives a shit, I'm not some dumbass highschool student who thinks he has a shot at some vapid whore if I buy an iPhone, go back to 9fagNo, Android users are just low test betas that accept they won't get any
Fuck off Asus, stop trying to sell your shit on here
resistance if futile
says the swag in denial his waifu is getting banged out by Chad
ok
says the swag in denial his waifu is getting banged out by ChadActually that faggot Chad is greentexting me right now I should stop having sex with everyone he loves. What a beta L O L
you need an iPhone when you have a big dick
people on /g/ unironically supporting appleWhat the flying fuck happened.
It's a meme phone
goddamn I hate you Aussies
you wont be able to use your big dick if chicks see your droid first

I know it gets thrown around here as a joke, but the whole blue text/blue bubble thing isn't a real thing that people think, right? Not being friends with someone simply because they have an Android phone and you have an iPhone is not something I think would happen very often.
guys what the fuck i just wanted to know what you all thought about the phone as far as switching from an iphone how did the thread derail this bad?
faggots trolling thinking blue texts matter
because this board is slowly becoming infused with cancer.  Also summer.
how's ur waifu doing?
slowly? /g/ seems to be spouting bait memes and shitposting more than /v/ per amount of posts these days
only cause this is a slow board
2spooky
on my dick right now with your mom sucking my balls
Cons:Battery drain demonShit cameraBrightness is high as fuckPros:64gb of spacePlenty of ramIt charges really quickDurable I dropped three times already,landed on screen and back no scratches
thanks anon for your actual imput
If you go on Twitter and search for "blue text" or "blue bubbles" you'll find a bunch of vapid cunts complaining about having green bubbles when they use SMS with Android users.It's fun to joke about, I actually use Android though.
Anyone root the zenfone 2 yet?
Nice blog post
As a long term iphone user who recently switched, all I can say is don't fucking do it.I'm currently in a bit of a shit mood - here's why:The notes app native to my new phone htc 1 m8 is a massive steaming pile of wank. Notes are organised in boxes, you're required to choose a fucking template before you write every single one, basically it's like writing a fucking email each time.So I thought I'd go download a nice quick and simple one, quickly found the top rated one with millions of downloads and 5 star ratings - the fucking thing requires an email and account to use, sends me a fucking email every time I write a note, and has adverts.Never underestimate the convenience and ease of apple. When I had an iphone, I didn't even think about this shit, I could just write a quick note in half a second on an easy intuitive and not-butt-fucking-ugly interfaceThis is a bit of a rant for a relatively unimportant deal, but there's equivlencies across the board.
Thinking about buying Xperia Z1 Compact, yay/nay?
cool blog post, cunt
Haven't yet, but there are a few different methods that you can use.  They claim that you can root and still apply OTA updates using a certain method, you just have to unroot using SuperSU before you apply the update, and then repeat the process to root again after the update.  There is also someone providing pre-rooted images you can flash. I'll probably try it soonish, just want to get Adaway hosts file adblocking.  oh boo hoo you are too dumb to find a decent note taking app.  better go back to Apple's walled garden.
Dude there are a million note apps out there
If you want the best phones for cheap, get the $300 zenfone 2 or the Oneplus One. I'd recommend waiting if you want a Oneplus phone seeing as they will release the Oneplus Two soon. The Oneplus Two seems to be more expensive from what I've seen, so thats more of your decision. If you mean the $200 zenfone 2, I say look into an LG G2. They're pretty good for the price.
not using Google keep botnet
If you mean the $200 zenfone 2, I say look into an LG G2. They're pretty good for the price.the $200 ZF2 is still viable even over the G2, the only + I would give the G2 over the ZF2 is OIS in the camera, but that was also first gen, and the ZF2 camera takes shots so quick you don't need to worry about blur due to your shaky hands, you filthy drunk
 as a long term iphone user.. I stop reading there
Is it really like that or is there another story?
It depends. So far it seems to be. But the concept of programming probably will change over the years with more simple and easy-to-use systems to program i.e. block programming. Not to mention that now a lot of schools mostly private ones though are teaching the basics of programming to children.So, we'll see anon.
Is programming really job of future?Why did I read it with an indian voice?
You missed the boat.  Programming was wizard-level shit about 15 years ago.  Now any currynigger can claim to be a programmer and get away with it because IT managers have no fucking clue.About 10 years ago the thing was modular re-use.  The real programmers loved it because they could still bill for 40 hours when in reality it took five to put something together.Now the world has kind of woken up to the scam.  Programming is "Google Summer of Code" and "Girls Can To!"  Zoe the whore is now a "programmer" and makes every female who knows how to get to a command line look fucking terrible.Robotics design is the future, and the Japanese are way far ahead.  Unless you're 14 and at MIT and you aren't or else you wouldn't be asking you might as well go into analytics like the rest of the herd.You have taken at least Calc III, right?
not many people can actually program. go to any top CS school and maybe only a hundred students will graduate and be in a position to do the kind of shit people expect programmers to do
implying you need to know calculus to program
No, you should choose electronics
Whatever the hubbub the jobs of the future are all in sales. The economy isn't crashing any time soon. If we go to war, which we won't, you are going to need to really brush up on your ability to just take people's shit because asians are assholes and will be the new cash cows.
Not implying at all.You need at least a B in Calc I in order to get into the CS program at my local crappy state school.  Calc III was a 2nd year requirement.
analyticsbut anon you need to know programming to go into analytics
The real wizard level shit these days is reverse engineering, especially when coupled with malware development, even moreso when your exploits are remote and/or kernel levelor lower.Cyberwarfare is going to replace physical warefare in how valueble it is to nation-states. Sure we will always have need for physical altercation between groups but as the economy becomes further digitized, and less based on geography or natural resources, so will warefare and espionage. And no matter how "easy" it is to be a programmer, it will always be difficult to be a reverse engineer who can find exploits. Since at some point you are going to need to be tracing through machine code with a debugger, because you need to understand how an undocumented function deals with nonstandard input.
And no matter how "easy" it is to be a programmer, it will always be difficult to be a reverse engineer who can find exploits. Since at some point you are going to need to be tracing through machine code with a debugger, because you need to understand how an undocumented function deals with nonstandard input.This sounds pretty fun.Where to learn?
They are working on software bots that can write code, so even programmers may one day be out of a job.  Really just about any job could be automated.  We may have to redesign society to give humans new purpose outside of labor.
Learn how to model. Model Driven Development is the next step up the abstraction ladder and the logical continuation for software development.
We're in sort of a heyday, but it's not as good as the 90's and it'll never be this good again.
This Anon knows what's up. You experienced or just stating the facts?There are those who lurk /g/ for potental employees
Least that's what Transhumanists want
As well as resource based economy advocates.
Making a video game or devving some website is no longer mega cool hardcore status, everyone and their dogs is doing that.Firmware, device driver and kernel development interest and experience will be needed for many years to come.
The real wizard level shit these days is reverse engineering, especially when coupled with malware development, even moreso when your exploits are remote and/or kernel levelor lower.you will never be smart enough to do any of this. ;_;
No idea why I greentexted the second sentence, I did say I'm not smart and there's the proof right there
It's one of the jobs which are here to stay, but bunch of other jobs are required as well in the future. Physicists, electrical engineers, mech engs, mechatronics engineers, etc. just to state a few, who make the computers you program and the stuff your computer controls. Control theory, etc. is getting even more important today and control systems are usually not some hard wired or stupid computer systems, but are getting more advanced computer cores and many shit is getting connected to other mainstream systems.Internet of ThingsSo yeah, it's gonna stay.If you want strictly programming as in trying to do pure programming and software architecture kind of stuff then see  for one of the possibilities.However if you just want to program then embedded dev which is the other thing if you're developing in a constrained environment or in an environment with real-time requirements which requires specific low-level knowledge and broad understanding.Also, since stuff will be more and more connected to each other probably more and more programmers will be needed in engineering teams to make devices more and more intelligent and connected.
implying you shouldn't take calculus to be any kind of engineer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU
I'd say we're the last generation of people where a majority don't know how to program, schools being a large factor towards that.While we could have been learning Python or something else really simple, we were learning how to write in cursive.
Is network security still safe /g/ ?
Security is a contract position, not a salaried one.  It has never and will never be "safe".
Real programming? No, it'll always be a nicheAll the "programming" jobs these days and in the future are web dev, and any retard can do that and pretend that they're an actual programmer.
Hey /g/, I'm fucking sick of iTunes. What music players do you use?Feel free to make fun of my music collection.
I'm only gonna bump once.If you wanna see the inside of any of those folders, just ask.
Baka Damn so clean!
foobar2kwatch these videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5um6NEMZGZo
Foobar 2000. Because someone on /g/ recommend it, and I fucking fell for. I've too lazy to switch to something else. Beats Windows media play though Kek.
iTunes.
winamp
I was originally cool with iTunes, but when I started to get FLAC music and found out that iTunes doesn't support a FREE codec because Apple has a lossless codec themselves, then I switched to foobar2k. Fuck Apple.
clementinesrs
spotifycall the cops /g/
Bob dylanhippie shit
What's wrong with iTunes? Works fine for me with a large library 25GB just fine. It is the only organiser that actually sorts on tags properly that isn't ugly as fuck.
VLC but I browse with file explorer and just hit "Play with VLC" on a folder.
what the fug
How do you guys transfer music to your phone? I have an Android, but it always seemed to me that I'd be missing album art, or had songs that end in .mp3, or were fucked up somehow if I just copied the files onto my phone. I had been using Doubletwist to sync playlists from iTunes.
I'm just fed up with the new UI. I agree, it's a hell of an organizer. I've been using it for five whole years.
large library25gbI bet you believed your gf when she said you have a large dick :^
i use this op it's good integrated lyrics, radios and folder view. http://vinylsoft.com/
Windows 10 Music will make all these players obsolete tbh
metallica greatest hits 4 cdmight as well just play their first 4 albums back to back, you'll get 95% of their good songs anyways
yes saving space :
mpd+ncmpcppOr foobar if you're on windows.Monty PythonOoh, which songs do you have there?
but anon my dick is the biggest she has ever had. i know because she has been locked in my basement since she was 3.
ZeppelinFramptonSkynyrdyou're alright by me.
hippie shitbeing this blind to the real truthhippie shitmore like satan shitguy's a pawn of satanhope he gets his throat cut tomorrowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqvvOD4bdRs
I have their Monty Python Sings album. Favorite track has got to be Always Look on the Bright Side of Life.
That just made me like Dylan more.Honestly, I'm completely down to sell my soul for musical ability.
course u are cause u suck butt @ life
MusicBee.
25GBI have more than that just in Project Diva music videos.
I like the combination of 80s synth-pop, folk rock, jazz, and black metal.
Apple has no reason to support a meme format for placebo-gobbling freetards.Below is the correct way to deal with FLAC files, should you be unfortunate enough to have any. FFmpeg can be installed via Homebrew.cd /path/to/flac/filesfor i in *.flac; do ffmpeg -i "$i" -c:a libmp3lame -b:a 320k -map_metadata 0 "${i%.flac}".mp3; donerm *.flac
mpd + ncmpcpp
foobar2000
1999MP3
I've been mainly listening to Black Metal lately, but I like all kinds of stuff.
foobar2k because /g/plus skins and scrobbling
found out that iTunes doesn't support a FREE codec because Apple has a lossless codec themselvesALAC is free too you silly boy
mpd plus ncmpcpp on ganoo plus loonux mustard rice

Oliver CromwellAre you sure that's Python? I thought it was I'm Sorry I'll Read That Again, or something similar.Either way, that's a wonderful haul you have there. Always [...] Side of Life is probably my favourite too. It really cheers me up.
That's actually pretty nice.
cmus because i'm not autistic to fiddle with memepd+nncmcmpebincccp and i don't need visualisations/album art on my music player.
i use clementine
10/10 not even kidding, VLC is so simple just click and play. Also great for movies, webm's, gifs, or just about anything else you can think of. It can also attempt to repair corrupted video files and play through them on the fly.visiting from /k/ inb4 rednecks and hicksbabby's first post
VLC can't into DTS-MA
foobar masterrace
I have two copies of all my music. The archive is in FLAC obviously but I just run a simple script to convert them to m4a for iTunes playback. I prefer m4a just a renamed mp4 which Apple prefers and so do I as my mp4 are videos as it gives me smaller files compared to mp3 at the same quality and battery life is almost always better and if not better it is the same as mp3.the script I use it justfor %%a in *.flac do  qaac64 -v256 -q2 "%%a"
m4a is a container.  AAC is the codec.
Gonna give MusicBee a try. If I hate it in a week, I'll switch to Foobar. Thanks guys!
use gnu parallel in your scripts to encode multiple files at a timemake use of your multicore cpu
yeah i know. m4a is just a renamed mp4. apple use the m4a extension for audio. m4v for video. m4b for audiobooks and aac encoded podcasts although you mostly see mp3 podcasts and m4p for protected fairplay drm files bought from itunes. i actually prefer the m4a. m4v. etc extensions as i use mp4 extension for tv shows and movies, etc. and .aac is supposed to be for raw aac without metadata, album art, etc. i have found a few players that also work better with m4a over mp4 for audio also. some players dont correctly use the albumartist over artist tag for sorting which is a fucking pain in the ass.
yeah i could but it takes about 1 second per track to encode a 4 minute song so i dont really care about using multiple cores
Why have separate players for video and audio?
aimp3 + ncmpcpp skin
Better than one that can do neither.
gonna bump with this question again.
This
AIMP
I just copy my files to the phone, no problems at all my phone connects to Windows in MTP mode. Sometimes Android fucks with the files somehow and some songs have the tags from another song and band, but that's rare. Once I had no cover art for any song, but that was a problem with the ROM, the apps couldn't write to the internal storage, so I just flashed the ROM again and it was working.
foobar2000/thread
google play music, up to 10,000 songs uploaded to their servers for free, you can stream your whole library to your phone, plus download stuff locally to your phone.the two big cons are:music on your phone is hidden and you can only listen to it through their player  the player is not bad, but this may upset someOnly mp3s, but can do 320 kbpsthe convenience has been fantastic for me, i just dump all my music into a folder and then it gets uploaded to my account and i can listen to it on my phone, no cords
Foobar works fine for me.I don't even skin it because I'm not a ricer faggot. I use it as-is.
I still have no fucking idea what "sync music" does after all these years.Just copy the file and play it on a music player.
Looks just like Spotify I might kill myself
/mu/ got me to use foobar2k far before I ever went on /g/absolutely love it, beautiful program
cmus/foobar
Apple has no reason to support a meme formatSupports ALAC which is built on said meme formatformatnot codecmp3320all that wasted spacefor f in *.flac; do ffmpeg -i "$f" -acodec libopus -ab 128k "${f%.flac}.opus"; done
Believing Satan exists as anything more than a symbol2015
opus 128kOh god no.
You are the male equivalent of a basic bitchYour music taste is so basic you might as well just download the billboard top 100 for each year
born in the wrong generation?
Sugar man...
Winyl. foobar2000's interface is too dated for me, and Winyl is slightly lighter on resources. Winyl lacks plugin support, however. If you just want something that plays the most common formats out of the box, it gets the job done. If you need plugin support, then fb2k is your best bet.
winyl
foobar2000So many skins online to customize it to your liking.My skin is simple and the controls missing from the GUI are controlled through keyboard shortcuts.
Opus reaches transparency at a lower bitrate than mp3 does, and is 1/3 the filesize. For every one 320kbps CBR really, cbr in 2015? you can fit on your device, I can fit 3 opus files.
You can fit 100 times more at 1k.
Winamp
cmus
There, there... here's a reply so you feel important
What is your opinion of openSUSE?Is openSUSE a respectable distro?
Yeah.
Hands down THE best no bullshit distro for desktops.
I tried it. I was not really happy in it.But I do not disrespect it. Unity Adverts, make me disrespect Ubuntu. I simply did not really like openSUSE.
Anyone who says anything positive about it are doing so for hipster cred and probably don't even use it. Fact is the existence of Ubuntu leaves no room in the universe for openSUSE, even if it weren't inexplicably wonky to use.
Opensuse is good but have some fucking dignity and use it with KDE or XFCE.
the biggest bank in latin america use this in their work machines in their bank agencies. How stable you think it is ?
Nope. Itaú uses Windows everywhere. I see an ATM with a Windows error message every once in a while.
I think he meant for their internal system and the hosting of applications. Banks use either Red Hat or Suse Enterprise for that because it's cost saving, safe and efficient.
They use Windows there too, I took a peek on the clerk's monitor once.
 pretty gudWhen somebody tells you to install kubuntu disregard and install openSuse with KDE.
Even though I doubt that in Latin America they can afford to pay for Windows licensing and support while the rest of the world uses Linux but mainly for safety and efficiency reasons. I can assure you that they still use Linux to host web applications even if they use Windows as their front end.
stfu niggerRequest URL: https://bankline.itau.com.br/GRIPNET/bklcom.dllServer: Microsoft-IIS/7.5
They just use a combination of probably Linux and Windows. Probably Suse Enterprise since they have a contract with Microsoft to ensure cost efficiency for their large customers.
He told you to stfu, nigger.
Now you're just guessing.SLES sysadmins are rare here. If anything, they'd be using RHEL.
can't afford Windows licensesbankyou have no clue what you're talking about
Basically, if you are not hosting some stuff / are a webhoster or ISP, chances are, you are running windows, not only for your workstations, but for the webserver as well.
I definitely have a bank doesn't have unlimited money to spend.https://www.suse.com/company/press/2011/7/microsoft-and-suse-renew-successful-interoperability-agreement.html
Tumbleweed is pretty much the best rolling release distro.
Linux is far more popular in enterprise servers.It's just that this specific bank in question uses Windows.Banks are also weird because many of them are around for longer than Linux and might have chosen Windows before Linux was considered the server OS of choice. And banks never change software that is still supported. In fact they use Windows 2000 in their ATMs, whilst the second largest bank in Latin America uses XP.
using Gnome on openSUSEIt's like you don't know the KDE suse meme
I work as a linux sysadmin, let me tell you that windows isn't that small in the server business as you think.Linux only preveils on servers which only exist on the net webservers, mail servers, VPN, cloud stuff, but everywhere else, windows is chosen for ease of maintenance.
There's no bank in the world that uses solely Windows they use a combination of both. The fact that a bank uses a Windows web server for one thing and a Windows front end for an ATM doesn't mean that's what their entire infrastructure consists of. A combination of Windows and Linux is more cost efficient in some cases.
Germans never made bad products.
I like it
Hi, I need a new notebook for programming also for big projects, so I need good performance to build them fast. I'd like to buy something with i5/i7, 16+GB RAM and SSD. I will be running Linux on it. Could you recommend any models? Should I look for something different from Thinkpads?
Macbook Pro, Linux is for poorfags
thinkpad t420don't be a mac fag
don't listen to these guysbuy a whore
My T420 runs OS X, you're both suspended.
What's your budget?  Thinkpads are known to be fairly compatible with linux, but that doesn't mean they should be the only thing you look at of course.
moar like this
Why? Looks stupid
, 
Starring out the window, waiting for the mailman to deliver my RAM.
What camera OP?
OP what camera are you using?
OnePlus One.
What type of window pane is that?
Looks comfyYou will never live in a house in the middle of a forest with high-speed internet with your dogLife is suffering.
having to samefag this hard for attentionyour camera quality isn't even that good
I wish the mailman would deliver my RAMin the morningI wish the mailman would deliver my RAMwhen I'm yawningI would like some RAM from the milkmans wifes titsI would like some RAM from the milkmans wifes titsI would like some RAM from the milkmans wifes tits
Imagine being the poor UPS guy and seeing some huge round frame in the window holding a camera and pointing it right at you as you approach the door.
What the fuck 2015Not downloading more RAM
Starring out the windowStarringDo it, faggot.
forestnigga that faggot doesn't live in a forest he just doesn't mow his goddamn yardlazy ass
It only takes 2 trees to form a forest. Don't crush my dreams man :
1000percentAMD.jpgThat song ruined the fucking album.
why doesn't this work? i am trying to make a function that sums the elements of an int array, but the code below prints 3 instead of 6.#include stdio.hint sum_arrayint a[];int mainvoid{  int a[]={1,2,3};  printf"%d\n",sum_arraya;  return 0;}int sum_arrayint a[]{  int a_length=sizeofa/sizeofa[0];  int sum=0;  forint i=0;ia_length;i=i+1{    sum=sum+a[i];  }  return sum;}
Please use fucking i++ and sum+=
please use fucking ++i#include stdio.hint sum_arrayint a[], int size;int mainvoid{  int a[]={1,2,3};  printf"%d\n",sum_arraya,3;  return 0;}int sum_arrayint a[], int size{  int sum=0;  forint i=0;isize;i=i+1{    sum=sum+a[i];  }  return sum;}
The range probably needs to be one greater than what u have. Should probably i  or equal to length of a. Otherwise it will leave the 3rd item out 3 and only give u index 0 and 1 1+2.Im guessing i dont even know what language this is
Because array degradation into a pointer when passing into a function.
That's physically painful to read.It prints 1 for me.That only works for arrays on the stack. Its also bad practice. Just pass size as a parameter tooWhat's happening is that a is a reference to the first element of the array a. sizeofa is actually the sizeof   an int*. sizeofa[0] is an sizeofint. That means a_length is one or two depending on if you're on a 32 or 64 bit system
came here to post thissizeofa will return the size of the pointer instead of the array since it's been passed to a function
you have to pass the length as a parameter
Here's all you need to do anon.#include stdio.h#include string.h#include stdlib.h#include stdarg.h#include unistd.hint main int argc, const char **argv{    int intI = -1;    int *intArray = malloc sizeof int;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 0 = 0;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 1 = 2;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 2 = 2;    int intSum = *intArray + 0 + *intArray + 1 + *intArray + 2;    for intI = 1; intI = 3; intI = intI == 0 ? 1 : intI == 1 ? 2 : intI == 2 ? 3 : intI == 3 ? 4 : -1    {        if intI == 1        {            intSum = *intArray + 0;        }        if intI == 2        {            intSum = *intArray + 1;        }        if intI == 3        {            intSum = *intArray + 2;        }    }    fprintf stdout, "%d", intI;    return 1;}
shit, fixed a bug
#include stdio.h#include string.h#include stdlib.h#include stdarg.h#include unistd.hint main int argc, const char **argv{    int intI = -1;    int *intArray = malloc sizeof int;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 0 = 0;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 1 = 2;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 2 = 2;    int intSum = *intArray + 0 + *intArray + 1 + *intArray + 2;    for intI = 1; intI = 3; intI = intI == 0 ? 1 : intI == 1 ? 2 : intI == 2 ? 3 : intI == 3 ? 4 : -1    {        if intI == 1        {            intSum = *intArray + 0;        }        if intI == 2        {            intSum = *intArray + 1;        }        if intI == 3        {            intSum = *intArray + 2;        }    }    fprintf stdout, "%d", intSum;    return 1;}
please tell me this is bait
shit, fixed another bug#include stdio.h#include string.h#include stdlib.h#include stdarg.h#include unistd.hint main int argc, const char **argv{    int intI = -1;    int *intArray = malloc sizeof int;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 0 = 0;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 1 = 2;    intArray = realloc intArray, sizeof intArray + sizeof int;    *intArray + 2 = 2;    int intSum = *intArray + 0 + *intArray + 1 + *intArray + 2;    for intI = 1; intI = 3; intI = intI == 0 ? 1 : intI == 1 ? 2 : intI == 2 ? 3 : intI == 3 ? 4 : -1    {        if intI == 1        {            intSum = *intArray + 0;        }        if intI == 2        {            intSum += *intArray + 1;        }        if intI == 3        {            intSum += *intArray + 2;        }    }    fprintf stdout, "%d", intSum;    return 1;}
Hahaha what the fuck
ok i understand now. thanks /g/
I tried to modify your code as little as possible #include stdio.hint sum_arrayint a[], int size;int mainvoid {      int a[]={1,2,3};  int a_length=sizeofa/sizeofa[0];  printf"%d\n",sum_arraya, a_length;  return 0;}int sum_arrayint a[], int size {      int sum=0;  int i = 0;    for i=0; isize; i=i+1 {          sum=sum+a[i];          }  return sum;}
++i and i++ are equivalent in a for loop
best cringe thread ever
how the fuck does someone not know CI'm literally lurking /g/ to learn some useful stuff, and I know C
So many retards in this thread. The reason why your code doesn't work is because your for loop has to go until i=a_length and not ia_length...
Why not just send the num of elements in the array to your sum_array function?
not with every compiler, some are "missimplemented" and do not follow the c/c++ guidelines
C has some weird corners though.int i = 0, n = 0;while printf"%c", i = n++["deal with it\n"], i;
 Not doing it in glorious javapublic class ILoveCock {        public static void mainString[] args    {        int[] a = {1,2,3};        System.out.printlnSumArrayOfCocksa;                    }        public static int SumArrayOfCocksint[] FuckILoveDicks    {        int sum = 0;        forint x = 0; x  FuckILoveDicks.length;x++        {            sum += FuckILoveDicks[x];        }        return sum;    }}
Size is always 1, or 2, independent on array lengthThat's not the problem, take a look at sizeofa and what a actually is
But sizeofa / sizeofa[0] should be = 3 right?
Changeint a_length=sizeofa/sizeofa[0];toint a_length=sizeofa[]/sizeofa[0];
Haha those names made me chuckle. Well done.
We have the year 2015 and you dont know a 13" tablet yet. Whats your excuse?
and who is this fine lady?
i wanna rub my dick on those braces
Who's the qt? Moar, pls
music festivals always attract the weirdest people
This. Where do these freaks come from? Do they hide in their house all day?
Me in my cammies.
I don't know, I've been to a few rock/metal festivals and there are so many weirdos around. It's hard to imagine them having a family or a job.I'm not sure EDM festivals are much better.
Some rich girl.
My excuse is I'm too busy fapping to this cum dumpster you just posted.
tablet
richupper teen years, but still has braces onbig ugly tattoo on her chestat a concert where a guy in the background is wearing a sleeveless denim vest jacketanother guy is wearing no shirt and cargo shortseverything about this image says she's white trash. she has a great body, but she's nonetheless a victim of being born to white trash.
don't worry, apple's gonna make one :^
bracesnot richPick one. She obviously needs money to afford having nice teeth.
uhhhhh my dad's rich as fuck and paid for my braces in cash.but i had to wait to get them till i was 16 due to jaw growth reasons. worst 4 years of my life.
implying girls from rich families don't go to rock concerts
i know them but i dont own one
Today OP learned that you should never post a picture more interesting than your topic.
13",tabletShe's not legal but she's also an easy slut
It's the year 2015 and I have never owned a tablet and do not plan on using one in the future. Touchscreen laptops make more sense to me but I don't use one of those either.
Just by looking at this picture i knew this shit woodstock lmao
She's Polish, the festival in the OP is in Poland and we are far from being rich.
what a huge nose.
I use a real computer.
Allegro in the backgroundO kurwa.
jebałbym żbsz
Surface Pro 3 and Note 12.2 comes pretty close
slow down mate i just got my first phone with a screen larger than a credit card
braces richamerifatistan confirmed for third world country
I'm the guy who originally said braces said she wasn't rich, but my basis was that a wealthy person would have gotten braces at a young age. That she's still got them on suggests she wasn't taking care of them, requiring that they stay on longer or got put on later, which are signs that someone or someone's family is a train wreck.You don't see successful adults with braces. They got that shit sorted out in childhood.
, 
Is it okay to install Windows 10 yet or is it still too unstable?
Too unstable. Unless you're used to Linux, then it's just right.
Some people are porting endless loops with Build  10130.
It's never ok.
It's very stable for me. There are some glitches, mostly with new start menu and "universal" shit, but stability is on par with 7,
dat recycle bin iconjesus fucking christ

Have you seen the previous one?
At least this one fits with the whole "flat design" thing, the other one just looks completely misplaced
Install it and see by yourself.
it's an easter egg
it looks like it was drawn by a 12-year-old from deviantart
It probably was. Whole modern UI looks like that.
I'm horrified of upgrading thanks to photoDNA.I don't want them to van me because some of my doujins are grey area legal and I got a judge who wants to fuck me hard.
They don't give a fuck about your Chinese porn.
The words recycle and bin have depth, but the can is completely flat.Looks ugly imo
That bin has shading and perspective.The other one is an orthogonal perspective.They don't look similar other than the arrows.
Fuck me this thread is stupid. Wants to install an OS THAT HAS A KNOWN KEYLOGGERhttp://www.geek.com/microsoft/microsoft-clears-the-air-on-windows-10-keylogger-1606160/Go install gentoo you faggots and stop with the cock slurping of Microsoft. Fuck.
tech preview build has telemetryabsolutely shocking.
They have the same shape, are you blind? Of course they would change shading and perspective.
actually installing a keylogged, timebombed, bug-riddled, steaming pile of botnet on anything other than a VM
caring about botnets on a machine you only play games onusing windows for anything else
ITT: I don't like thos icons general - /idltig/
Just googled it, PhotoDNA works by comparing hashes, so, edit every image changing the color of one pixel on a safe OS and then get the image on Windows 10.
mah nigga
I've been having some problems shutting down with this latest build.
, 
Added a phone to my plan at AT&T today, they talked me into the next plan and sold me a LG GPad 7.0 for $1 plus $10 per mo. as part of the deal. Worth it?
It has the same specs of Moto G first gen in a 7" screen. I like bigger tablets tho, but that's my taste. I got a LG G Pad 8.3 and I'm loving it, 10" is good for a tablet too but I don't like holding tablets with two hands.
I bought Xhow did I doWe don't care. It's too late now. Why do you ask? Why don't you post thisin the sqt?
Not actually from /g/ just figured you guys could tell me if it's worth my time. If not I can return it and NOT pay the $10 month.
Moto G first gen in a 7" screenThis means it has below average specs for a 2yo phone and with a higher res screen means the performance will be worse.How long are you going to be patying the $10 for?if more than 12months, return it
Permanently for it to be in use with my data. It's not being paid off or anything.
Those cameras are scary.
WhatWhy
The tablet came with the next plan for $1, but you pay $10 each mo. I guess for 2 years and it can use the data from your plan. I think I'm gonna return it and buy a Surface Pro 3 later.
You got ripped off, 240 for a crappy tablet that will make your bills higher due to using lte on a 7 inch screen
agreed, all tablet plans in the cell phone game are the equivalent of getting an "undercoat treatment" at the stealership
Silk Road creator sentenced to life in prison.http://rt.com/usa/263213-silk-road-ulbricht-sentenced/Ross Ulbricht, the convicted creator of the Silk Road online drug bazaar, has been sentenced to life in prison.The 31-year-old California man learned his fate Friday afternoon in a New York City courtroom from Katherine Forrest, the same United States District Court judge who presided over the brief trial earlier this year that ended with Ulbricht being convicted of all seven crimes he faced with regards to running Silk Road –an underground website where merchants advertise hard drugs, hacking services and other illegal offerings in exchange for digital cryptocurrency. He wasn't even sentenced for "hiring hitman", which was later told by government officials to be a controlled provocation.I'm really starting to see USA as another Russia.
Daily reminder that the "land of the free" sentenced a man to life in jail for coding a website where adults sold molecules for other adults to poison themselves.
another reason to hate obongo administrationgod damnit this country is turning into stinky shit
Why does it matter that they were adults? Kids have as much right to drug themselves as adults. Pedodruggers have rights too
Daily reminder that the "land of the free" sentenced a man to life in jail for inserting gunpowder into another mans skull
turningPlease, the war on drugs has been going on for way too long to say it's just now turning to shit because of it. There's been corruption and hypocrisy since the very beginning...
really? who are you talking about?because ross wasn't sentenced for this.
That's not how guns work. You don't shoot gunpowder into people. Metal is what goes into people and often kills them.
Fox News will tell you he's wrong no matter what he does, and that's all the reason you need.
A guy that created an online site for criminals to engage in illegal activities has been taken off our streets and thrown in prison for the rest of his life.  I'm supposed to be mad about this?  Sounds like the justice system doing its job to me.
When I sell drugs to someone, it's a consensual act: I agree to sell the drugs, he agrees to give me money/blowjob in return. When I shoot someone, there's no consent. Of course I didn't expect sense from someone who thinks guns shoot out gunpowder.
 What is informed consent What is selling an item vs actively applying it on others, yourself.
gunpowderLead/other metals/a bulletGunpowder explodes, propelling the bulletguns are technologythis anon needs to /out/
tfw I had placed an order and 30 minutes later the site gets seized
Drug dealers get less time than this, and they actually sell the drugs. He just made a website and proffitted from each transaction.I actually believe you should be allowed to sell drugs to adults, but even if it were illegal, life in jail for providing a means to do it is way over the top.
If he were just your run of the mill drug dealer he wouldn't have received life in prison.  That site was more than just a place for junkies to get their fix, though.He created what he thought was a safe haven for criminals to engage in illegal shit, that's a big offense in my book.And whether or not you feel drugs should be legal or not is irrelevant, for the most part they're not with the exception of pot in a few places.  Luckily we live in a democracy where you can volunteer your time to campaigns and cast your vote for politicians who feel the same way, tho I wouldn't waste any time trying to get pro junkie politicians elected.
The thing about drug dealers is that they don't shift anywhere near as much "product" as silk road did. The only people who shift that much "product" are the people up the supply chain who bring the stuff into the country. Interestingly enough, whenever they're caught which isn't often as they mostly operate across the border they tend to get similar length sentences.Simply put: The man was basically a drug lord and ended up sentenced as such. Anyone complaining about this is bound to ether be retarded or just asspained over their drug habit being illegal and this killing an easy source of drugs
Silk Road shifted no drugs whatsoever.Anyone complaining about this is bound to ether be retarded or just asspained Tu quoque.He created what he thought was a safe haven for criminals to engage in illegal shit,Victimless "illegal shit". Hardly deserving of two life sentences.
He created what he thought was a safe haven for criminals to engage in illegal shitMy problem is you keep saying "criminals" which encompasses everything from a guy who ran a red light to someone who rapes and murders toddlers. The criminals in this case were people who made drugs and sold them with no violence involved, unlike pretty much every other drug trade. If you sell drugs on the street, shoot people for a corner, etc, you get a few years. If you do it on a website without hurting anyone you get life.Luckily we live in a democracy where you can volunteer your time to campaigns and cast your vote for politicians who feel the same way,Which is a despotism. The majority wins, regardless of its ethical value. People get to choose what I do with my own body, even if it doesn't affect them in the least bit. I still think democracy is better than most other systems, but lets not kid ourselves into believing it's flawless.Interestingly enough, whenever they're caught which isn't often as they mostly operate across the border they tend to get similar length sentences.But he wasn't a drug dealer, let alone a drug lord. If a dealer from Silk Road who sold in huge bulk got caught that would make sense, but applying "volume" to someone who didn't sell at all makes little sense.The man was basically a drug lord and ended up sentenced as such.No, he wasn't. He wasn't a dealer at all, he was a webdesigner. At least read the article.
This anon gets it.
Give it a rest anons. I stopped caring and gave up on this country let alone the rest of the world improving a few years ago.
VictimlessFalse.  Drug addictions have victims all over the world, most notably the loved ones of someone lost to an addiction.And you're acting like he received life for selling drugs, he didn't.  He built a platform for criminals do do illegal things, how fucking hard is that to understand?  Do you realize how big of an offense that is?no violence involvedWhat does that matter?  Are we supposed to just sweep non violent crimes under the rug?  There's a lot of very bad crimes that are non-violent.  We don't live in the wild west and that's a good thing, we have laws in place and it's not that hard to follow them.criminals which encompasses a guy who ran a red lightWell he didn't make a website for bad drivers if you'd really like to split that hair.  He made a site for people to engage in criminal acts that come with prison terms, not fines.  And sending drugs across state lines, through our postal service makes these crimes a much bigger offense.So many of you guys wanna just create the rules as you go.  Our country may still be a baby as far as the world goes, but we have hundreds of years of democracy in place that have created pretty crystal clear laws on what we can and what we can't do.  There's nothing that says you have to agree with and like the laws, just that you have to obey them to avoid consequence.  If you don't like it, go somewhere else.
False.  Drug addictions have victims all over the world, most notably the loved ones of someone lost to an addiction.Time to ban cars, ropes, tobacco, alcohol, ...Everyone who merely sells something like that gets life in prison!What does that matter?Sentence length. If you read carefully, not everyone in the thread thinks that this wasn't a crime, only a few do take this stance. But it wasn't a severe crime that deserves life in prison. Two years with parole or something would seem more right.
Grownups can do with their body whatever the fuck they wants. If I want to kill myself with drugs it's my own fucking choice.USA is a fascist regime which tries to control it's own people. Stop watching television and get over it.
I say maybe 10 years before parole with a computer access restriction
Drug addictions have victims all over the world, most notably the loved ones of someone lost to an addiction.So does tobacco. Way way more than all the drugs sold on silk road combined.And you're acting like he received life for selling drugs, he didn't. He built a platform for criminals do do illegal things, how fucking hard is that to understand? Do you realize how big of an offense that is?I'd say building a website for you to sell drugs is a smaller offense than actually selling drugs, but whatever.What does that matter?I'll dumb this down: let's imagine for a moment the guy actually was a drug dealer. He wasn't, or at least that charge was never brought up in court, but let's dream, anon.Jamal sells drugs on the corner, this guys sells them on a website. Jamal shoots people and beats people as part of his trade. This guy adds some CSS and javascript as part of his trade.Jamal gets a few years. This guy gets life. That's why I brought up the non-violence, how can a crime with less violence have a much higher sentence than a violent one.we have hundreds of years of democracy in place that have created pretty crystal clear laws on what we can and what we can't doBut I'm not saying he can sell drugs. I said he should be allowed to, but that's not my point at all in this conversation. You keep bringing up this "but he committed a crime" like someone's saying he's innocent. I'm just saying the crime he did commit in no way justifies spending the rest of his life in jail. If you don't like it, go somewhere else.I love debating with statists.
False. Drug addictions have victims all over the world, most notably the loved ones of someone lost to an addiction.MUH FEELINGSSelling drugs -- or providing a platform on which to sell them -- to people who want them is absolutely victimless. Say all you want about violent middlemen and brutal cartels, but the act in itself is victimless and should be made safer, not driven further into the hands of criminals.
time to ban cans, ropes, tobacco, alcoholAgain, we don't make up the rules as we go, we just follow them.  If you want to be some edgy rebel who fights against the system go for it.  You don't have to like or agree with what is legal and illegal, you just have to obey the laws.  It's not that difficult.sentence lengthHe wasn't selling drugs on the corner.  It was a website that attracted criminals from all over to do their illegal things.  Giving safe haven for people to break the law is a very big deal, and it should be punished accordingly like it was.being this edgyThere are places all over the world where drug crimes aren't really punished.  You're free to put aside some dimebag monies to buy a one way ticket to one of them.  Nobody cares if you don't like the laws, they'll still be punished when broken.
muh "drugs are the devil" argumentI used to work in a hospital and nothing beats alcohol for the stress it places on the healthcare system. Even the worst dope fiend is positively tame compared to a heavy drinker.One guy who drank a bottle of whiskey a day just to stop his hands shaking according to his wife occupied two wards worth of nurses and healthcare assistants three times an hour as his enormous, semi conscious mass spewed out a seemingly endless supply of foul liquid from all orifices rolling and cleaning up his emissions took damn near a dozen people. In a single day, he'd generate more soiled laundry than the rest of the patients in those two wards combined, all of which had to be disposed of instead of washed. And remember that withdrawal from alcohol is life-threatening, unlike heroin withdrawal.Are brewers and distilleries now responsible for alcoholics? Are they making victims of people?
Some drug dealing faggot is locked away from the publicGood riddance.
I just think it's funny seeing a libertard go full breaking bad.  If Silk Road was victimless, it sure wasn't from Ulbricht's lack of trying to create victims.
Again, we don't make up the rules as we go, we just follow them.In other words, "I know my position is logically inconsistent and hysterical and I can't come up with a justification".
What?
so does tobaccoBut tobacco isn't illegal.  It could be one day, but it's not.  If you'd like to change that there are ways you can spend your free time to push for change.building the site for selling drugs is a smaller offenseThat site wasn't just for drugs, and it's not that he even built the site, it's that it was aimed to be a safe haven for criminals to do illegal things.how can a rime with less violence have a much higher sentence than a violent oneBecause he wasn't punished for creating a website, he was punished for making it easy for criminals some violent and some not to break the law.  didn't deserve the sentence for the crimeYour opinion, but you seem to be stuck on the drug trade on a site that had worse.
We differ there.I only see a non-violent crime that consists of merely facilitating other crimes to happen by providing a location for trade. Not such a big deal overall.Of course, if you take a "hard stance on crime" and shit like that as though you were entitled to have the masses follow you without resistance, you will see it as a terrible crime, because it makes your job harder.Again, we don't make up the rules as we go, we just follow them.That's not democracy - but I guess chances are pretty good that you're not living in one.
You don't have to like or agree with what is legal and illegal, you just have to obey the laws.You go from "well but it's illegal", which I don't think anyone contradicted, to "drugs are bad", which has nothing to do with being illegal, and when someone shows this to you you go back to "but it's illegal".Pick a point and stick to it. You have 2 so far:it's illegal to make a platform to sell drugs onNo one said it wasn't, some people just question wether you should spend your life in jail for itdrugs are bad for youSo are a lot of things which aren't illegal, the anon you replied to kindly pointed out a few.
USA is a fascist regimeWoah dude. I agree my country is a shithole, but saying it's a facist regime is tinfoil hat paranoia. If it really was a fascist regime, i would have been arrested just for calling it a shithole on 4chan. This isn't 1984. It's a shitty decision and all, but calling this fascism is going overboard
The only real disappointment was that the feds never bothered to look for any evidence against Karpeles.  He may not have been the evil mastermind as Ulbricht claimed, but he was clearly involved on some level.
But tobacco isn't illegal.So it's Right and Just for tobacco companies to be making victims of their customers your logic?
If it really was a fascist regime, i would have been arrested just for calling it a shithole on 4chan.this ain't definition of fascism you uneducated little cunt
But tobacco isn't illegal.Holy shit, this again? See You literally hop from "drugs are bad" to "drugs are illegal" on every post.That site wasn't just for drugsGo read the article, they only pinned the "drug site" part.Because he wasn't punished for creating a website, he was punished for making it easy for criminals some violent and some not to break the law. What? The website WAS the only thing he did to make it easy. Again, go read the article.Your opinionRETARD THAT'S WHAT THIS WHOLE DISCUSSION HAS BEEN ABOUTyou seem to be stuck on the drug trade on a site that had worse.Third time: go read the article. No other charges were pressed. Only drug trade.
It's actually very consistent.  I'm an adult who is aware of what I can and can't do.I don't agree with every law but that doesn't mean I go out and break them.  It's not really that difficult.
I think this is a better discussion for /pol/
"Why are drugs illegal?""Because they are bad.""Why are they bad?""Because they are illegal."Repeat.
So we're back to "drugs are illegal", next post should be "drugs are bad".
It would have happened in a facist regime you stupid nigger
Drugs are illegal because of legislation that says they are illegal.There are a lot of pro drug candidates who'd like to legalize them so we could tax and regulate it.  Cast your vote for one.
not knowing the difference between fascism and totalitarianismThe current Australian government is fascist. China is totalitarian. See the difference?
He did, himself, sell drugs on the site.He did, through active decision, allow the sale of cyanide on the site.He did create, and got very rich from running, a marketplace catering specifically to drug dealers, murderers and thieves.He did pay for several murders in order to protect said marketplace.I'm glad that fucker's gone.
You have no idea what fascism is.It doesn't surprise me tho. Muricunts are typically uneducated.
He did, himself, sell drugs on the site.If true, that's good.He did, through active decision, allow the sale of cyanide on the site.What of it? Which cyanide?He did create, and got very rich from running, a marketplace catering specifically to drug dealersGood.He did pay for several murders in order to protect said marketplace.A rumour which even the prosecution abandoned.
I'll try explaining this one more time.This a discussion between a few adults on wether this guy should spend his life in jail for his crimes.Then, on the corner, you're having your own separate discussion on wether what he did was illegal.
Pretty much this.
Whether or not drugs are bad is completely speculative. What is not speculative is that drugs alone can only to direct harm to the individual that uses them, and if we live in a free society, then we are free to hurt ourselves as much as we want. It's not a question of the morality of drug use, it's a right that adults have to do with their bodies as they please so long as they aren't hurting any innocent people doing so by stealing, fighting, etc.I'm not even sure why I'm making this post, it's not like arguments like the one from idiot I'm replying to actually carry any weight outside of closed minded social circles that are thankfully on their way out.
Daily reminder that the "land of the free" sentenced a man to life in jail for moving led molecules towards another person at a specific speed
Hiring a hitman will do that
This Ulbricht guy was obviously a sociopathic little shitstain who deserved to get locked away.  They put Al Capone away on tax evasion too.
see
underrated post
Who are you, anon? Frank Zappa?
controlled provocationwhat does this mean exactly
USA as another Russia.  Sounds awesome. Also the man was a criminal. He deserved to be put there.
I'm the guy that's having a part of his body in your mom's vagina.
He did, himself, sell drugs on the site.Not shown in court.He did, through active decision, allow the sale of cyanide on the site.Ok? So do supermarkets.He did create, and got very rich from running, a marketplace catering specifically to drug dealers, murderers and thieves.The only valid accusation.He did pay for several murders in order to protect said marketplace.Not shown in court.Not shown in court.hurr what is consent
I'm really starting to see USA as another RussiaFor once they do their fucking job, another russia would be if they didn't even thought they own the spy heaven.
Well considering the amount of drugs moved on that site that he profited from, federal drug trafficking laws allow for up to a life sentence for each substance.So what's the problem again?
allow the sale of cyanidehttp://www.sigmaaldrich.com/catalog/product/sial/380970?lang=en&region=GBMUHFEELINGS
sounds awesomeIf you think Russia is such a good place you should try living there first.also sentencing this man is like jailing everyone who works at craigslist because some people post ads for prostitution / drugs there so obviously the creators are facilitating illegal trade right?
a he didn't traffick anything.b drug trafficking should be 100% legal
My little shills can't be this desperate. There's mountains of evidence of everything in  go read an article or something.
It makes him a drug kingpen
You're missing the point again.Well considering the amount of drugs moved on that site that he profited from, federal drug trafficking laws allow for up to a life sentence for each substance.That's obviously true. The discussion is about whether it should be that way or not.
Unlike you, we followed the court case.
Craigslist wasn't created as a prostitution/drugs website you purposefully dense motherfucker
Try ordering some, see what happens.
There's no precedent for this, especially considering how he was never charged with selling drugs. There isn't a law saying if you make a website for people to sell drugs you can go to jail for life.nothing was presented in courtbut guise, there's a post on 4chan, how can you doubt this guise
Americans can't buy cyanide on a corner store? Holy shit I live in Portugal and I just have to put pants on and walk 10min to get cyanide.LAND OF THE FREE!
he didn't traffick anythingHe profited from all of these drug transactions that moved very large quantities of illegal drugs.  That's pretty much the definition of drug trafficking.drug trafficking should be 100% legalBut it isn't and it will never be.  You wanted to strictly speak on the topic of whether he should spend his life in prison, I pointed out that the drug trafficking laws clearly state that he can and should.
don't forget getting caught ordering hits on people. like he literally called assassins on people.
created aswho cares? so if I design a website named Not Silk Road and say clearly that illegal activities are not permitted and no drugs allowed, but people create products/sales that are just thinly veiled on craigslist you'll see them use dollar signs and shit for selling their ass it's ok?that makes no fucking sense.
If he weren't making any profit then I'd actually kinda agree with you, but he was making profit which makes him complicit on each transaction.  Thus, the drug trafficking case against him was well deserved.
A rumour which even the prosecution abandoned.
Good, this guy is personally responsible for quite a few deaths and has caused a lot of pain for innocent family members.  1. No, they wouldn't have just "got it somewhere else", most of the idiots who don't know how to handle drugs would only buy it in a market like this in the first place.  2. "We need to make it safe to buy and use drugs! People are going to do it anyways!" Lol nope.  Do we need to make it safe and legal to cut yourself or huff on helium or a hobby? Maybe rape and murder?3.  "B-but it doesn't harm anyone else like other crimes!" Tell that to the crying eyes of a mother and father whose lives are basically ruined because dirtbags like the SR founder allowed drugs to be sold to their kid.
I'm listening
That's pretty much the definition of drug trafficking.I think it may be trafficking, but you don't get life for that. He did not approach someone trying to sell them drugs, he didn't even have drugs for sale. He had a website where you could sell drugs and pay him a commission.
What, so ebay is complicit in each transaction? Craigslist is complicit in each transaction?
MUH FEELINGSHE PERSONALLY FORCED PEOPLE TO OVERDOSETHINK OF THE CHILDREN
 prosecution abandons a charge they know they don't need to get the guy for life makes it a rumordude.
this guy is personally responsible for quite a few deathssell ropeguy hangs himselfpersonally responsible for hanging'kay. Do we need to make it safe and legal to cut yourself or huff on helium or a hobby?Yes, my choice.Maybe rape and murder?No, that isn't consensual.
That's not how charges work.
but you don't get life for thatMost drug trafficking cases usually just involve one substance.  If there was a large enough quantity the person could get life, but you're right they usually wouldn't.What hurts him in this case is that he was profiting from the sale of several illegal substances, all of which carry their own separate punishment.  So if you got him dead to rights for trafficking large quantities of several substances, getting life should probably be expected.But regardless, there was no chance in hell he'd have gotten less than 40 years for the crimes he was convicted of, so getting life isn't that much worse.
You can't go to jail for shit you didn't get prosecuted for. I'm not saying weter he did it or not, personally I have no clue.
if they had the evidence they would use it, especially because if the drug trafficking fell apart they don't want to lose the case and have to start overand they'd want it in the record regardless.
Major accessory to organized crime by creating and maintaining an outlet for these groups to operate withPeople act surprised that this is heavily punishedLife might be a bit severe, but you could see that he was going to be pretty heavily fucked a mile off.
Ebay is complicit on each transactionI'm not sure of Ebay's legal stance.  They do charge the seller a fee based on each transaction tho.  But Ebay wasn't created to sell illegal products, and I'm sure their fine print protects them if someone does.Craigslist doesn't make money from transactions.
If there was a large enough quantity the person could get lifeCan you actually get life for trafficking in the US? Like say I have an import-export business with trucks and every now and then I carry what I know or suspect to be drugs, I can get life for that?
can you actually get life for trafficking in the USYes, but it all depends on the quantities.http://www.dea.gov/druginfo/ftp3.shtml
Craigslist doesn't make money from transactions.But they facilitate transactions.I'm sure their fine print protects them if someone doesOh that's alright then.
craigslist most certainly profits from people using the service, it costs money for certain features when posting. so if i make a craigslist ad for selling weed and pay craigslist to show it, they are actually advertising the sale of drugs for money. period.and it does happen, all the time.
but they facilitate transactionsNot really the point.  Silk Road creator WAS profiting from the transactions which makes the laws he's breaking a lot worse.
There's this thing in the justice system, it's called motive.Ross had it, ebay and craiglist don't.
Yes, he was forcing these dead people to drink weed and smoke crack.You're such a retard.
 Silk Road creator WAS profiting from the transactionsSo does every other online marketplace.
your right to a fair sentence ends where my feelings begin!think of the children!think of the crying mothers!life in prison with no parole is perfectly reasonable!
 Silk Road creator WAS [knowlingly] profiting from the transactions [of illegal goods]
All I'm pulling from this and all the next "dark market" creator is going to do is make the ebay of drugs but don't advertise it as such and don't take a cut from each transaction, instead charge a membership fee to use the site in order to rake in cash. Also put fine print that says you don't control what people post.Then it's totally ok to have that website around pushing drugs all around the country.I hope you're still here!
So does every other online marketplace. So does Facebook, Inc., for that matter. It's not like they realise what happened and turn in their profit from such transactions or social network usage to the police.
drug business is victimlessRetard
totally okYou'll still get it whenever they can prove that you knew about the drugs and did nothing to stop it.
knowinglyKnowingly or not, that's not how laws work. Saying you didn't know you were doing something illegal isn't a valid defense in court.
so does every other online marketplaceObviously.  What is your point?  He was profiting from illegal transactions, which is obviously, yanno, illegal.
I would like all those who are skeptical of the sentence to read the coverage on ArsTechnica, it is very professional. Many arguments against the conviction seem to stem from being misinformed.Attempted assasinations are not a rumor; there's another case against Ulbricht in which they appear. Please read up.
The drug business is absolutely victimless.
They do what the law requires of them to curtail such activities. Ross, instead, encouraged such transactions. That's the difference.
Oh you can "try to stop it" by randomly deleting posts/accounts. You could even have a system like craigslist where people can report posts to be removed.Too bad once it's posted and the two people in the transaction have linked up it won't matter if the post is gone, but hey, you're "doing everything you can to stop it", just like craigslist and ebay.
He's in jail for running an online drug cartel and had multiple people killed
If you support his sentencing, start lobbying for phone service CEOs to be arrested and sentenced to life too because people use cellphones to sell drugs.BUTBUTHypocrite.
It isn't, the drug business envolves loads of violence and murder. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but lurk /b/ more.WHat you meant was "selling drugs is victimless", which is more agreeable upon.
So physical harm is the only way to be a victim?
He had no one killed.
creating more demand for drugs with easy access is victimlessOk kid
The laws are the reason the drug business has to be violent.The tobacco industry isn't seen as violent.
If the site evolved into an obvious illegal goods marketplace you'd still get in trouble, but I don't know enough about the law to say how much.I know the fact that he was profiting from every transaction made this a very simple case for the prosecution.  And that he got life shouldn't have been a surprise to anyone.They didn't need to waste resources to try him for every crime committed, they ensured he'd die in prison with some trafficking charges alone.But to your idea, don't do it.  It would be pretty stupid to risk your life for something that stupid.  There are legal ways to make a lot of money online so just do that.
It isn't, the drug business envolves loads of violence and murder.I addressed this far back in the thread. "Selling drugs -- or providing a platform on which to sell them -- to people who want them is absolutely victimless. Say all you want about violent middlemen and brutal cartels, but the act in itself is victimless and should be made safer, not driven further into the hands of criminals."You don't create demand from thin air. It is the user's choice. They're not victims, they're prospective customers who have decided they want to buy something from the seller..
What's your point, again?Go create another craigslist. As long as you run it like craigslist and not like Ross ran silk road, you'll be ok.
Exactly.
consensual transactionThe word "victim" doesn't come to mind.
I'm not disagreeing with any of you, just stating that "selling drugs" is a non-violent act, but the "drug business" is really violent.
Yes, it is. If you choose to take drugs, you can't claim you're a victim of drug dealers. The exception would be something like selling you actual poison instead of drugs you can take in a controlled manner.
i dont have any idea where and how drugs come fromHello 16-year old
We know. The violence in the drug trade is a function of its illegality, not an intrinsic trait.They don't come from corpses.The exception would be something like selling you actual poison instead of drugs you can take in a controlled manner.Absolutely.
Max Dickstein stands with other upportersMax Dickstein
guy who developed a website for the sole purpose and intention of people conducting illegal activityhe din du nuffin he a good boiYou guys are nigger-tier
No one said he was innocent, spermdrain.
Actually, plenty of people did. Just scroll up.
Did you even bother reading a single comment this thread, Jamal?
upvoted
being Americanhe asked for this, tbh
Is it true that the government provided most of the drugs on Silk Road?
Only further up the supply chain.
If you count the DEA as govt. then yes.
I'm really starting to see USA as another RussiaUSA has always been another Russia
Well, it's certainly one of the worst countries to be in if you're going to run a site like that.
He got what was coming to him.  That's a stiff sentence, might deter others.
They lured him into doing it.
might deter othersmightkek
got caught because he revealed his e-mail address under his secret alias years ago
MFW THERE ARE EVEN MORE DRUGS ON THE INTERNET NOW
This isn't right, can't believe this shit. I'm done with the world, I just want to build a fucking shack in the woods and just live out in the forest while you all take it in the ass from the man.
The drug war is truly stupid and gay.
evo got shut down?
"I just set the infrastructure up and took a cut! I had nothing to do with it!"
Spoken like someone who has never lived with or dealt with a heroin addict
I just constructed infrastructure and took a cut!
Drugs are illegal and kill people!Meanwhile, most of the packaged food at your grocery store is bad for your health and will lead to health problems later on in life and are all totally legit!
there are junkiesso what? btw heroin addiction is absolutely nothing compared to alcohol addiction
Actually I occasionally take heroin strictly no intravenous use, though. Occasional meaning twice a year or so, though none this year because I'm not fussed. Is this enough experience/contact with heroin use for you, or do you still think my opinion is illegitimate? Come to think of it, I don't know any opiate addicts, only occasional users ca. five years.I don't know what living with or dealing with a heroin addict has to do with the circular logic of prohibition. What's the point of your post?Correct.
Kevin MitnickYes you can
Kids have as much right to drug themselves as adultsedgy teen detected
Where do I get my drugs now?
United States District CourtNew York City"obama's fault"why do people always blame him for shit well out of control?
The other sites which are busier than Silk Road ever was.
Did Silk Road sell heroin and crack?
If I knew the other sites, I wouldn't have asked.
Silk Road didn't sell anything.Google "darknet marketplaces" and follow le leddit link.
Again, we don't make up the rules as we go, we just follow them. If you want to be some edgy rebel who fights against the system go for it. You don't have to like or agree with what is legal and illegal, you just have to obey the laws. It's not that difficult.being lawful neutral, everstay classy /g/
What the fuck are you guys on about?  Open and shut case of drug trafficking so he's locked away for life.  They didn't even need to waste their time on other charges.
The drug war brings in tons of revenue each year.  While you could easily counter with "So would legalization, regulating and taxing", we all know beyond pot that will never happen.Why is there a war on drugsBecause it's almost free money for our govt.  Is it worth itAbsolutely.
we all know beyond pot that will never happenbecause you know, in the past societies have never went through major changes
website where adults sold molecules for other adults to poison themselves.to poison themselves.Very few drugs are actually poisonous unless used in excessive quantities. Psychedelics are even beneficial when used right.
So many FBI shills and conservatards ITT
Why would we legalize harder drugs that are mostly grown in South America when we can just keep busting them and taking their monies, assets, guns, and everything else they own?
Our legal drug trade also happens to be booming industry in America with the pharmaceutical manufacturers.  And that benefits the USA.
Who is we? Anyway, you'd legalize them because their illegality causes enormous problems.
for inserting gunpowder into another mans skullMind=blown
Just like a child who knows he's not supposed to talk back to adults. Does that make all their decisions right and just?
you'd legalize them because their illegality causes enormous problemsLike what?someone gets a misdemeanor drug chargeWe take their drugs, we take their drug money, we give them a court date and force them to pay court fees, then we give them a big ass fine.$$$someone gets busted for a minor jail term drug chargeBasically the same, though we are able to seize their assets too.$$$take down a huge drug guyCan get literally get millions in assets, cash and whatever else they have.$$$
You should look to a life in public service and politics, bro.  You can actually make a difference there.
Admins took the cash and booted. Evo just vanished.
Like what?Massacres and extreme corruption see Mexico, deaths of users because of adulterated product that varies in strength from piss-weak to fatally strong.Why don't we sell you into slavery?$$$
addictive subtancesconsent
This might come as a surprise to you but taking a substance doesn't automatically make you an addict.
Is drinking an alcoholic beverage a strongly addictive substance, make no mistake a non-consensual act?You seem to have a problem with the concept of consent.
massacres and extreme corruption see MexicoWe're not really that worried about what goes on in Mexico tbh.  And through careful not to be to noticeable housing discrimination over the last several decades, we've basically been able to funnel the drug game players to certain parts of every city which we know as ghettos.  While it's spread to suburbia now too, the laws are more heavily enforced there.deaths of usersI highly doubt our govt cares tbh.  Most are poor and living off the system anyway, so it's more of a culling of the herd.
OK, have fun.
1. government is historically the greatest abuser of innocents.  a vote for the lesser evil is still a vote for evil.  the greatest, most organized gang.2. research CIA drug money.  easy money for black budget.  they do not want competition.3. our bodies are ours to do with as we please, as long as we do not violate each other.
guess what these are called.fasciaas in fascism.
well im convinced
the word "conspiracy" has been shamed for a reason.to keep the cowardly and IGNORant majority from investigating who greatly benefits from the way the world currently works.whatonearthishappening.com
btw, masonry is just a part of it.compartmentalizationwhatonearthishappening.com
I'm really starting to see USA as another Russia.US is another Africa you retard.
Just means all the other websites will have to be closed as well.The thing with making a website for dealing drugs is - most people doing it can make money in a hundred other ways. 10 or so life sentences later this trend can be curb stomped out of existence.
For what purpose?
Drug lords shouldn't have the ability to make their blood money in peace. There I gave you a reason even a sociopath autist from /g/ like you can comprehend.
Blood money?sociopath Steady on, I'm not the one advocating life sentences for creating websites for the sale of molecules in crystalline and powder form.
e built a platform for criminals do do illegal things, how fucking hard is that to understand?Then why are the creators of Tor not in jail?
Cooking meth kills people every year. Even if we don't count the explosions.If you don't care for the people using it at least care for the people forced to produce it.
Care to tell an organic chemistry postgraduate how "cooking meth kills people every year"?
An acute chemical exposure is one that occurs over a relatively short period of time and may result in health effects. An acute exposure to high levels of contaminants found in methamphetamine labs can cause shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, dizziness, lack of coordination, chemical irritation, and burns to the skin, eyes, mouth and nose, and in severe cases, death.and in severe cases, death.there is scientific evidence from animal and human toxicity studies that shows the chemicals used in the manufacture of this drug can cause a range of health effects. These include cancer, damage to the brain, liver and kidneys, birth defects, and reproductive problems, such as miscarriages.
hurr durr cuz breaking bad had big explosions and poison gas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOdE_iQawUwYeah meth labs never explode either.
Cooking meth kills people every year.
Glad they've moved away from the "all methamphetamine labs heat toluene or xylene with a naked flame which causes fires and PROPANE CANISTER EXPLOSIONS AHHHHHHHH" scare stories. This is much more vague.What contaminants? Hydrogen chloride as used in the last step to prepare the salt? Oh nope, that's dissipates rapidly.Is it still blood money if you're working independently?
I saw a house catch fire once because they overloaded a power outlet. Ban electricity!
Is it worth itAbsolutely.You're such a shitbird, it's incredible.
I'm just giving you extra reasons because it seems to an autistic sociopath the killing junkies part isn't enough of a reason to put people in jail.I'm normal and it's enough for me.I don't care if you sell it, make it, move it, if you're doing it willingly you should go to jail for life.And if you're a junkie and you're spazzing out because the government is going to get your shit, go into rehab, they'll give you the good shit that will kill you clean and your family will at least have time to deal with you being a suicidal shit.
From your source:Making any quantity of meth produces at least five times that amount in toxic wastes that are routinely dumped into the environment.This is nonsense because the waste reagents are carbonate salts, sodium salts primarily table salt, and water. Waste solvent is reused, and short-chain cyclic aliphatic compounds are not environmentally unfriendly anyway. You do more harm spending a minute with your engine running than would be done producing kilograms of methamphetamine.
Ahahahahah, awesome.
Unable to properly defend his inane bollocks, anon slinks to the "Hey, I don't care, I'm just normal and everyone disagreeing with me is defective. Also, people making compounds should be imprisoned for ever and ever" defense.I forgot to mention that catalysts are recycled too. Aluminium salts will also be in the waste.
Who's that girl on the picture?
hey I'm not killing people, I'm just operating this gas valve hereI bet living with autism is hard.
Implying the holohoax happened
Murderers! A hundred life sentences is not enough!
Holocaust denierInto the trash it goes.
Denying the best thing the germans ever did. I'll never get /pol/.
Time frames.Alcohol will kill you in your 70s.It doesn't make it completely acceptable but in the grand scheme it's a negligible loss of life.If hard drugs took 50 years to kill you no one would give a shit.
that pictureayyy lmao, i hope you don't live near me, cracka
Compare the withdrawal effects of heroin and alcohol, and compare the effects the chronic use of medical-grade heroin with those of alcohol.
another reason to hate obongo administrationYou're a retard if you think the president has anything to do with it. We'd see the same shit regardless of who gets elected president. Don't you understand that congress are the ones who write and vote for laws?
Would've been a good point of getting off heroin was as easy as getting of booze.Besides most people never get to the point of addiction with alcohol.
You niggers forget he hired hitmen and got over 5 people killed.
I wish I could reach through this screen and slap you.Nobody died you retard.They didn't even charge him for the murders.
Nigga stop talking shit you don't know.He was being blackmailed by 1 dude, then he was supposedly "contacted" by another dude who "killed" the first dude and got paid for that, but if you use your brain a little he was the same person who scammed pirate roberts.2nd "contract" to kill someone was actually a plot made by the fbi and never accomplished anything.
Quit moderate to heavy drinking cold turkey and you will not live to tell the tale. Then there's early-age disease and mental health problems to consider.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delirium_tremenshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_withdrawal_syndromehttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_withdrawal_syndrome#Protracted_withdrawalPeople don't realize how difficult it is to stop alcoholism. Going dry is considered a medical emergency. Alcohol is one of the hardest drugs there is, certainly up there with heroin in its addictiveness, and well beyond it in the dangers presented by actual dependence.if getting off heroin was as easy as getting of boozeAbsolutely hilarious.No one was killed, and the prosecution never presented any case for the hitman claim. There was no charge.
My mfw when OP had a silk road account.My mfw when OP is ignoring why Ulbricht was convicted.
I can't believe he didn't flee the country.Ross, you poor bastard.
Dude stop being a fucking devils advocate.How many people per % of users gets addicted to booze if you compare it to dope or meth? Incomparable numbers.Yup, it's a very obvious case ofMUH KUSH
U wut m8? He got caught long ago, he couldn't flee if he wanted, what the fuck are you talking about?
He had plenty of time and money! to leave prior to getting caught.
This guy was a retard. What the fuck was he still doing in the US?He could've gone down to Panama or Belize with all that cash and managed the web from there, they would've never caught him.
man whole life in prison, isn't that a bit harsh?ain't 10-15 years not enough?
Dude stop being a fucking devils advocate.I'm only presenting some sensible and sober balance to demonization shitposting. "Yeah but alcohol is harmless in comparison" doesn't fly. It isn't.Incomparable numbers.Probably not actually, but understandably there are no statistics to compare. Do you believe the "one hit and you're addicted" nonsense?
He had a life, family, friends, he wouldn't just leave the country for no apparent reason, he just made some mistakes.
He created what he thought was a safe haven for criminals to engage in illegal shit, that's a big offense in my book.offense against who?
drug kingpinsome mistakes
My mfwmy my face when?sure feels like summer in here
I guess he got complacent and forgot that there were people who wanted to make an example of him.Shit, I would've left after my first $100k.And now he's in jail for the rest of his life.I don't feel that's a valid excuse. If you're doing this type of thing, you better be prepared to leave everything you love behind.
hey i got a job down in belize managing some multinational's web servers.gotta leave for a year or two.There done. He deserved what he got for being so dumb.
drug kingpin
Read about how he was caught, if he didn't made those 2 or 3 silly mistakes, he wouldn't be arrested even if he live on the us.
as a fellow TV patrician, i should recomend you watching Heat, one of the best quoutes in the filmA guy told me one time, "Don't let yourself get attached to anything you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you feel the heat around the corner."
I know and loved that movie.Sadly pirate roberts wasn't a /tv/ goer.
I'd just kill myself if I were him.
Doesn't matter, he's a fucking idiot. You don't run a drug website that big and expect to not get caught sometime.
"hey family and friends, i need to find myself so im going for a trip in southamerica, i already have a small gig landed for some small IT company, i see you on Fbook everyday bye"There, problem solved, fuck, you didnt even have to go to a shithole like belize, you could go to uruguay or even the nice parts of Brazil and marry a qt white spic.But no, like a proud neet, he had to live in fucking California.
Not offering all your cash so some niggers bail you out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umzRvauC6J8
a life sentence for trafficking drugs.THANK YOU BASED AMERICA, THE LAND OF THE FREE, THE HOME OF THE OH SO BRAVE!
Different anon here.He used his real name & e-mail address on the internet.He got his hands dirty by soliciting someone to send his moderator a kilo of cocaine, which resulted in his arrest and flipping.He couldn't keep his ideology to himself online he often used to post with libertarian links in his signature which IIRC, were also in his linkedin account.He coded SR from the groundup and did a shitty job at it, which is why the real IP address leaked. He also hard-coded his VPN's address into the source code.He tried to put hits out on people.He got 9 fake IDs mailed to him from the same guy and then had the nerve to mouth off to Department of Homeland Security agents about how "hurr durr anyone could order this stuff off the silkroad".He did all his dirt in public, allowing the FBI/DEA to seize his laptop before shutting it down.And finally, but most importantly: He didn't leave the country.When those agents came to interview him about the fake IDs, he should've took that as a sign to GTFO ASAP.I'm sure there's more, but those are the mistakes that really stood out to me.
Getting fake ids is just retarded, but anyways how did homeland security get a hold of them?
IIRC, they were "intercepted" at the Canadian ! border.That's another mistake right there. Who the fuck orders fake IDs from Canada?
Customs.He may not have even known they were dispatched from Canada.
Wow, it's amazing they took this long to even find him.
CanadaHe probably bought them straight from a homeland security honeypot operation on SR and the Canada and customs thing is just a cover up.
Daily reminder that the "land of the free" sentences multiple men to life in jail for looking at pixels on a screen arranged in a 'wrong' formation just so they could beat off
He was sentenced to life for trying to hire a hitman to kill two people.
He was sentenced to life for trying to hire undercover FBI agents to kill two other FBI agents.*FTFY
He was not charged at all, so it remains a rumor.The sky is green. If I say it enough times, surely it will come true.
sounds hot
Cause that worked so well for the music industry...
Frankly, I would be glad if alcohol were banned, but it is probably not going to work, sadly.Perhaps meth just need users in politics, and lobbying.
Drug lords shouldn't have the ability to make their blood money in peace.so drugs should be legal, you mean?
Just means all the other websites will have to be closed as well.Good luck buddy cause you're gonna need it.
Don't forget that he actually told one or two of his friends.One of those friends testified against him in court.
evade taxlife sentencerape and murder children20 yearsAmerica, land of justice.
You've got kids ODing from alcohol left and right, so I don't really get what makes alcohol better than hard drugs in that respect.for the sake of discussion, let's declassify alcohol as a hard drug.
murders +70 people, most of them kids20 years on luxurious jailinternet in his cellall the books he can readcan go to uni classes
internet in his cellSign me the fuck up.
If i got that treatment where i live i'd get on top of a building and snipe a few kike kids from a local jewish school.But i'd probably get knifed by some nigger the night i got sent to jail.
I'd rather have an entire library of books, slowly becoming a captive wizard. Internet would only be a distraction.
Are you in the US as well?I'd need a distraction if I'm going to spend any amount of time in jail.
Are you in the US as well?Nah, american jails are heaven compared to the ones here. Even though i'd only get a bit over a decade here for what Breivik did.
Life in prison is really excessive. For his "crime" its unreasonable. They sentenced him to a sentence that a murder would get. Even rapist don't get such high punishment unless they were a serial rapist.His website provided more than just stuff used for drugs. But TVs, games, bikes, and shit. 10 years, 15 tops if anything.
Daily reminder that in YUROPE you can go to jail for offending Muslims
edgy teen on drugs detected
tfw I had placed an order and 30 minutes later the site gets seizedYou need to ask Obama for a refund. Good luck and let /g/ know how you get on.
Pretty much this.Officer, arrest that pot smoking mongrel.
My mfw tfw feel when this guy isgddthygddt :^}
Who are you, anon? Frank Zappa?Don't you eat that yellow snow...
The creator of the internet should be sentenced to life in prison too, people use that thing for all sort of illegal stuffs.  Also, the people that make guns, I heard some people even use them to kill other people.
want to order pizza onlineorder website requires nonfree javascript code to runtfw the botnet wants me to starve
back-end of website doing the processing was already non-freeyfw you can view the javascript sourceyfw ur a faget
Can't you order by phone?
can view the javascriptcan't modify the javascriptcan't distribute the javascriptcan't be guaranteed that the javascript isn't minified and therefore not the source$700 laptophave to use phone insead
falling for the wireless jew
phone network is proprietary too pizza place doesn't have the source code of their PBX and if your car was made after 1990 guess what? Better go join a farming collective somewhere where they haven't heard of computers yet OP. If you can hitchhike there that is.
Then starve you faggot. Good riddance.
what is minified js
N-no bully pls...
You can starve on my cock, cutie. I'll fuck your throat until you puke out all the semen you swallowed.
starve on my cockThat doesn't work
How could you know? Have you tried it?
thinks he can't modify the javascriptthinks minifying the code has any impact on whether other scripts can be loadeddoesn't know how scripts work
not having a $800 dollar phone
Just call them, dumbass.
The stuff on the back end is not running on your computer so you're not entitled to the source.Learn your own ideology, muppet.
monsanto seeds
kekle
muppetkeked
TFW nonfree software is still considered acceptable despite all these ebin hackers exploiting these shitty nonfree crapI hate society. Literally plebian as fuck
If you don't want to use non-free telephone infrastructure, you can always travel on the multitude of free-as-in-freedom roads to a local pizzeria and order using spoken English, which is free as in freedom
kill urself
you're literally retarded
THIS IS ALL ME BTW
I'm just glad I'll never be this autistic
haha you're so funny
spoken English, which is free as in freedomYou can't modify English, so it's not free/open source.It's just free to use, like Opera or Facebook.
 Younot having a $600 phone
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
not using Lojban.u'i ko catra ko
Each load carries 7-14 calories on average.It would take roughly 190 ejaculations to receive your RDA.You will die of malnutrition unless your captor is really, really horny 24/7. Even 40 times a day can be fatal.
...Why do you know this, Anon?
Me and the anon could team up I guess with a few other anons to capture OP. With about 18 others including you I we would only need to throat fuck anon about 10 times to ensure he gets his 190 a day.
heB-but I'm a girl!
Fuck off faggot
girlEw. Forget I said anything.
females make the worst throat fuckersbut a throat's a throat I guess
Really? Care to explain why?
2015Still eating pizza
want to talk to someonethey are using nonfree DNAWhy is this allowed?
Maybe something to do with the vocal chords and higher pitchd voice?
females will need less calories to be fulfilled, hence less ejaculations we can use you for before you become overweight
tfw human dna has already been patented
nonfree javascript codeHow is that possible?
https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/javascript-trap.html
/g/ related guides/infographics?

Anon who wrote that here- glad you liked it enough to save and spread it.
Does liquid cooling have any advantage over air cooling or is it a meme?
What if I hired Cirno to cool my CPU for me?
baka baka
What I've heardread from /g/ before, and it make a little bit of sense, is that it helps against thermal shock by controling the delta Tor rate of temp change.
thisit's not exactly as efficient as copper for heat transfer, but it gives you much stabler temperaturesand you can be retarded and pipe it out someplace

Back to /jp/
ok /g/ is time to get serious.I really want to master programming and computer science.I don't want to waste my time with college.I'm already motivated and want to become a real world top class elite programmer mothefucker, a real hacker on steroid, someone who can code anything, anywhere.I'm planing on becoming a master programmer.I'm planing on spending my life to help better open source software, better than propietary shit.So, what topics/subjects should I study?pls tell me anything you can think of and why I should study that?I'm planing on becoming NEET full time and spend 8-10 hours daily studying.I'm fucking convinced.I no longer care about social life, work, job or bitches, I want to be a world class elite computer scientist.So far I can think of:Languages Lisp, C, C++, Haskell, Go, Java, Ruby, C#, python, Vala.Compilers.Operative Systems.ASM and Hardware.Calculus.Linear Algebra.Networking.Cryptography.Physics I & II.Graph theory.AI.Code architecture.Algorithms.Data Structures.Code optimization/performance.What else do I need?I don't care to study the next five years on my basement.I don't care no more about what the society thinks or wants me to become.I want to change the world.I will.
lmao
fucking kek'd
Got fired ? Dropped out of school ?Your will to success will help, but not everyone can become a world class programmer. You'll need a good understanding of everything around it aswell. A above average IQ will also help with this.And, to actually become "world class" you'll need social links and certificates.No you're not Bill Gates 2.0
I can't think of any successful tech people who couldn't prove that they could do the college thing before dropping out. By that I mean that Zuckerberg, Gates, etc... all at least got into a top tier university in those cases Harvard before dropping out. You could argue that they were flunking out or whatever, but I don't know about that. The point is that they had the option of a good college experience and they decided the opportunity cost was too great.If you're simply a deadbeat washout who got into a state school but decided that wasn't good enough for him, there are few positive case studies of dropping out and doing all right in the long run.
What is this fucking shit and why do I have it exclusively on my high end graphics card?
Fullsize display port is better Displayport  HDMI
That is a rear io anon its on most consumer graphics cards.
Then why does my 980 have this fucking Apple-tier faggot shit connector?Who the fuck thought this was a good idea?Learn to read posts on 4chan you fucking Reddit cuck.
mDP  full sized DP as it takes up less space
HDMI can't do 4k 60 HzDP can do 4k 60 HzI WONDER WHY IT COULD BE A NICE CONNECTOR TO HAVE ON A HIGH END GRAPHICS CARD
Nice 7970 lightning bruh. It's because the card was made for multi monitor setups.
But why is it mini, you stupid fucking faggot?It's just a trick to get you to purchase new cables.4k 60hzPlease stick your marketing faggot shit up your ass.
If this doesn't make sense to you then you really shouldn't own a 980
mDP is actually better, you can share it with your mDP notebooks the cableFull DP is pointless when mDP is available
why does my high end graphics card have exclusively high end ports
Shut the fuck up you stupid child
look at that card.now look at it one more timetell me how your going to fit 4 full size displayport connectors there
being butthurt as fuck because you've run out of argumentsNice going. Fuck off to Leddit.
Its not the same connector used on apple products. The apple connect for is a thunderbolt port, which allows connecting external graphics cards and other high speed devices. That is a mini display port, I guess they used them so they could fit more ports on a single card for MOAR monitors
being anti-Applebeing a literal child
Yes, it truly is a novelty to have 4 fat connectors on a dual slot card.Whatever was I thinking, this revolutionary design should be patented today!
Half size exhaustIt's like you want a housefire.
Wow great arguement fagtron, I'm not even anyone you have previously replied to, this is literally my first post in this thread.Also Reddit is actually epic as fuck and you're just mad
OP
being a faggot
Why didn't you check your high-end card properly before purchase?
lmao child pls
he thinks those extra fins make a differenceOh fuck. You cant be serious.Regardless: you're fucking retarded.This is nothing but a bullshit way of getting you to replace your cables, you stupid sheep.4 regular DPs would be fine and doable on any fucking IO plate.
It's the evil cable cabal out to get you, sheep!4 regular DPs would be fine and doable on any fucking IO plate.Then I'd have to go and buy 4x regular sized DP cables, since all my cables are mDP to DP to mDP to mDP.You fucking greedy cable jew - you just want ME to go an buy new cables.
tasked with explaining how to fit 5 total connectors on a cardrebut with card that only has 4 connectorsi see you did well on your third try for your GED
since all my cables are mDP to DP to mDP to mDP.Underage faggot detected who recently built his first PC.Pathetic as fuck nigger, get out.OH GOD NO, NOT ONLY 4 CONNECTORS ON A SINGLE GRAPHICS CARD!MY FIFTH 4K 60HZ MONITOR WILL GO COMPLETELY TO WASTEOH GOOOOD THE HUMANITY!!!You can't even afford 2 monitors, you poor piece of shit.
They actually do, back when the 7950 came out I bought a reference one. I didn't realize the exhaust fins and out it in my pc  since my case was brand new the slot still had that little thingy thing that you have to remove, I removed them 5 months later when doing some clean up and my max temp loweres by almost 15ºc
niggerPlease don't user racist language like that, this is a family web site
Underage faggot detected who recently built his first PC.Sounds like you, who the fuck would have regular sized DP cables when everything used DVI?A child.Calling people poorcan't even afford a $2 cable.
you can't fit 4 full sized DP on to the rear
2 slots
tv and CRT for emulation are in livingroom currently due to recent lan
Then bin the DVI connectors then, what's the point of having them in 2015put a fucking converter in the box
who the fuck would have regular sized DP cablesMe, because my monitor has supported and used DP for years, and unlike you, I didn't just buy my first setup. As I said: you're an underage newfag who just built his first PC.using DVI2012+Fuck right off, you poorfag.3 shit tier monitorsMy one 24" cost more than your 3, and I have 2 of them :^
nigga thats a 3 socket cardwould you really rather take up three whole expansion bays just because your a whiny child that doesnt want to use a not actually apple standard because your too much of an idiot to pay attention to what connectors come on your card *before* you buy it?
Displayport handles multiple monitors bettermore ports = more monitors
My G1 Gaming 970 has 3 DP and 1 hdmi  and two dvi on and is only two slots.
Or just use mDP, there isn't a reason not to.OP just has impotent rage over it, which makes it an even more valid option.
being a poorfag bitching about buying cablestrying to claim richfag by "shit tier monitor bruh"let me help you out herehttp://www.monoprice.com/Product?c_id=102&cp_id=10246&cs_id=1024606&p_id=12001&seq=1&format=2go to the local mall and look for dropped quarters, youll be able to buy two after about 2 hours of searching
using mdpnot daisychainingI'd rather have an actual selection of ports
he gets fucked in the ass by companies and enjoys itThis is why you will forever be buying Acer and Insignia, bro. Get used to it, you poor shit.
You're not rich.  You're poor and also youre a pathetic loser
It's the exact the same connector. The protocol is different.
brand loyalty of any kindclaiming other people are getting ass fucked
If I gave a fuck what you thought, I'd post my payslip to make you cry into your pillow tonight.But I don't :^brand loyaltybuying better monitors is brand loyaltyHoly fuck you truly are pathetic.
Because it's better as it saves space.
not having a patrician tier monitor
Go back to your SJW hughole.
patrician/tv/reddit
its the same though... they used it so you could slim it down to single slot with watercooling while still supporting max monitors.
oshit you're right, a ploy to get us to buy cables like they did with SATA or parallel. Why have 8 USBs on the back of your motherboard when you could have 4 parallel ports and get the same shit done?
I just looked it up, you can buy a mDP to DP adapter for $5 and you can still use your cables. Pls stop throwing a tantrum.
/v/sagewhy did anyone respond to this faggot
This has got to be the dumbest thread I have read in a while.OPs victim complex from the evil cable Jews is akin to the Christian victim complex.Sad
Why don't engineers use a functionally identical larger plug for no fucking reason whatsoever?Wow, you sure stumped us there, OP.
how would you suggest getting 4 DisplayPorts and a DVI port into that space without obscuring the cooling opening?
It's literally the same plug, only smaller. What's not to like?Displayport  all
4k60 HzChoose only one, faggot :^
Asus 7970 reporting in.4 Full Sized Display Ports on a Three slot card.Shit is ridiculous.
DisplayPort 1.2 supports 4k at 60HzSo does HDMI 2.0 if I remember correctly
I'm not arguing about their maximum capacity. Just that it's kind of useless to think about 4K @ 60Hz. You can't even achieve that with SLI Titan Xs currently.
this has to be a troll
For gaming, that's true. For rendering a desktop and stuff that's not though. I have a pair of 4k monitors driven by a GTX 970 without any issues well, without any performance issues; I'm running a hackintosh with a lot of weird caveats that make it especially hacky
I can get over 30fps in pretty much any game with two 290s, plus general usage is better at 60Hz than 30Hz scrolling, moving windows around, etc..
Being that offended by people having superior dell monitors.
adding newer, better display ports to graphics cards is just part of a conspiracy to get us to buy a new, $10 cable and this is for the sole purpose of making corporations more money
4k @ 30Hz is pretty painful for normal desktop use.
claims not to be underageplays games
claims not to be underageWhen did I ever say that? :^

I've used my monitors at 30Hz and it's not preferable but I wouldn't describe it as *painful*. Most of the stuff on these monitors is text-based though, so staring at text at 30Hz vs 60Hz is inconsequentially different.
4K 60hz is doable if you reduce settings or play older games. 4K at medium settings looks much, much better than 1080p ultra. I say this from personal experience.
Ports thread?
Hi /g/, I just cracked my WPA2 WiFi password in  an hour. Is my password shit?
obviously dipshit
/thread
Post your password then. If it's easily found in a default dictionary, than an hour is perfectly feasable for an attack.
I bet you have wps enabled too
diceware.com OP
THIS.
Does the Geek Squad fix my graphics card?
They will install it and what do you mean fix just buy a new memecard and forget about it
virus and spyware removal$200fucking christ, they just run 2 programs while they jerk it or format and that's it
Access to videos for 60$ maybe they forgot about youtube
great prices!
GeeksquadFixing anything that doesn't involve running a simple program
what programs do they use? I've heard it's  some self diagnostic and repair tool they have on a usb, does anyone know where to get a copy?
Who the hell thought Geek Squad is a good name for a shitty IT company
Probably someone in their marketing department.I work as an "Easy Tech" guy at Staples and much of what we do is just as bullshit.
Geek Squad existed for almost 2 decades. It was its own little company before being bought out by Best Buy.I worked for them. I hated the uniforms and how it's supposed to be 'Geek Culture' from the 80's. Shit is stupid.
It's a CD, if I'm not mistaken
I went to Keiser University for a couple of semesters. Our IT professor left and was replaced by a guy whose only qualification for the job was that he was a supervisor for Geek Squad. He didn't even know how to install Windows XP without referencing the book.Good times.
, 
mpv.iobakamplayer.u8sand.nethttps://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/Haasn's fork:https://github.com/haasn/mpvhqF.A.Q.how do I do X?read the manual: http://mpv.io/manual/master/but I am on windows!read the manual: http://mpv.io/manual/master/playlist?https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/blob/master/TOOLS/lua/autoload.luahow do I show fancy info?https://gist.github.com/Argon-/1c8a33be280e65db1eb3what's that fancy progressbar?https://github.com/onodera-punpun/mpv-progressbaradd no-osc to mpv.conf to use thisgui when?possibly soon, using cocoa wow, what are the key bindings?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mpv-player/random-stuff/master/key_bindings_chart/mpbindings_compressed.pngwindows mpvhqhttps://github.com/suhteevah/mpvhq-win64News: Haasn and wm4 are working on a workaround for drand48, might see shaders in mainline soon.  GET HYPE!
Shaders landed in mainline yesterday.
sharing my shit config#Audio/Subalang=en,eng,jp,jpnslang=en,eng#Videovo=opengl-vhq:source-shader=~~/deband.glsl:dwmflush=yes# Cachecache=autocache-default=8000000cache-seek-min=2000# Audioao=wasapi:exclusive
I just woke up, sorry, but HYYYYYPE!!!
Hey look, a non agressive thread. Cool.
FINALLY a proper MPV threadHype for shader
link to commit I can't find it
How to use them? What section of the manual are they in?
your welcome bb
can i use deband.glsl with main mpv? if so, how?
Deband.glsl is on mpvhq branch
Append :source-shader=path/to/shader to your VO line.
whats so hard about adding:source-shader=~~/deband.glsland just trying it you chucklefuck?
Would there be interest in a script for mpv or an option for youtube-dl to display annotations as ass subtitles, keeping the same way they look on youtube's player?
I just didnt know if it was supported yet, thanks m8s
Have the official Windows builds stopped being built? The last one was on the 5th. Should I switch to mpvhq?
I would use this
ass subtitlessounds good
https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/4d6b9550fe1e0354461716f560d71d78196d5da5It was actually two days ago.
lachs0r is a lazy fucking idiot jewboi, who just asks for donations on his website, and he only does updates when he "feels it adds something to windows" the build in OP gets updated every time haasn makes a commit at least
Cool, the only thing I found when looking for this was a not too shitty srt converter but being srt the subs don't look at all like they should and a really bad converter to ass made by someone who didn't really understand how ass even works. Gonna start the project sometime next week I think.
thx bb
sharing placebo conf.Also neet script in pic related.# Videovo=opengl-hq:interpolation:scale=ewa_lanczossharp:cscale=ewa_lanczossoft:tscale=oversample:scaler-resizes-only:dither-depth=8:temporal-dither:pbo:target-prim=bt.709:target-trc=bt.1886:source-shader=/home/onodera/.mpv/shaders/deband.glslhwdec=noframedrop=vo# Audioao=alsa:device=[hw:0,0]:resample=no:mixer-device=disabledaudio-channels=2alang=Korean,kor,ko,Japanese,jpn,jp,English,eng,en# Cachecache=autocache-default=8000000cache-initial=1000cache-seek-min=2000# Subtitles feelsub-auto=alldemuxer-mkv-subtitle-prerollno-sub-assslang=English,eng,en# Subtitles ricesub-text-font="Source Sans Pro Semibold"sub-text-font-size=53sub-text-margin-y=110sub-text-color="#FFFFFFFF"sub-text-border-color="#FF262626"sub-text-border-size=3.2sub-text-shadow-offset=1sub-text-shadow-color="#33000000"sub-text-spacing=0.5# OSD text riceosd-font="Source Sans Pro Semibold"osd-font-size=53osd-color="#FFFFFFFF"osd-border-color="#FF262626"osd-border-size=3.2osd-shadow-offset=1osd-shadow-color="#33000000"osd-spacing=0.5# OSD bar riceosc=noosd-bar=no# Pathsscreenshot-template=/home/onodera/media/image/mpv/%f-%ninput-conf=/home/onodera/.mpv/bindings# Streamsytdl=yesytdl-format=best#ytdl-format=bestvideo[vcodec=VP9][height=1440][tbr13000]+bestaudio/bestvideo[tbr13000][height720]+bestaudio/best[height480]/bestvideo[height=480]+bestaudio/best# Miscsave-position-on-quitkeep-open=alwaysloop=nowindow-dragging=noreally-quiettree.├── bindings├── config├── scripts│ ├── fpsadjust.lua│ ├── mpv-progressbar.lua│ ├── stats.lua│ └── youtube-starttime.lua├── shaders│ └── deband.glsl└── watch_later
using absolute instead of relative location for shaders
fuk
Not him, but absolute paths are just easier to visualize and remember for me.
gui when?possibly soon, using cocoausinb cocoacocoaDropped.
https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/blob/master/DOCS/man/vo.rstsearch: source-shader
Also not the same guy, but relative location never works for me.
then your not doing something correctly, friend
how do you slow down temporal dither? I liked it at first but it moves too fast
Opening post should be updated to include the next big thing they're working on: https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/tree/display_sync_wipAlso, wm4 said he plan to make vo options settable in runtime. It's not an immediate priority but I'll wait eagerly for this, vo_cmdline just sucks.
I was reading when they were talking about it in IRC, I just thought shaders weren't out yet hence the OP, but apparently I'm just late to the party
I was doing something stupidly wrong actually. Forgot that mpv reads from your home director and not .mpv.
mpv is the best media player available on GNU/Linux.I'd just like to take this chance to thank the developers for their hard work. You guys are the best.
:^
guess i'll try it out sometimekinda doubt i'll switch from mpc-hc though, been using it too long
Haasn bb if you are here, are you going to continue working on mpvhq even though shaders are now in mainline
What is that script?Seems pretty neat
just because your used to something doesn't magically make it better
https://github.com/onodera-punpun/bin/blob/master/neetpls msg me if you have any problems.
bruhwhat are some good j/k-dramas about high-school romancebasically generic romance anime in a real form
Not haasn, but as far as I know he said he plan to use mpvhq as a sandbox to push things that he like to play on, but may or may not make their way back to mainstream e.g. sphynx.It'a great player and I find it better in nearly any way, but not necessarily it will give you enough reasons to switch, especially on windows.Np, I'm just glad we could finally have a decent mpv thread.
Thank you based anonSo i guess currently i should compile on my own to use shader isn't it?This is my mpv versionmpv 0.9.2 C 2000-2015 mpv/MPlayer/mplayer2 projects built on 2015-05-19T07:07:47ffmpeg library versions:   libavutil       54.20.100   libavcodec      56.26.100   libavformat     56.25.101   libswscale      3.1.101   libavfilter     5.11.102   libswresample   1.1.100I'm on arch btw
What's up with the '~~' ?So why can source-shader only take one shader? I can see why scale-shader do, but I don't understand this one.
~~ is = to "use mpv's current directory" ie where the executable residesand I know what haasn said, just curious if its actually going to continue
home directory?
I don't really watch high school romance, pretty much ever kdrama is is romance driven though.Here are some romances I liked:* The Heirs is really popular and generic as fuck, I liked it though. It's about a poor girl and a rich heir.* Heart to Heart is about a hikki girl and her douchey psychiatrist.* Protect the Boss is about a secretary and her douchey boss.* Good Doctor is about an autistic doctor literally and another doctor.Yeah probably, there is a mpv-git in the AUR.
thanks bud
no thats incorrect
How do I use that?I set my media directory, and created the files neet uses.Now I get:No episode match found[...]
pls update your script: https://github.com/onodera-punpun/bin/blob/master/neetand send me the neet -d output
Same here. It's a great media play
He's put up a new build everytime I've asked him. He's made it pretty easy for others to do it themselves, too.
doesn't refute that he's a jew
I can see why scale-shader do, but I don't understand this oneI actually can't see why also scale-shader only take one.
-d output:Show initialized. alias set[1;30mCONFIGURATION[0;39m    configdir = [1;33m/home/anon//.neet[0;39m    mediadir = [1;33m/media/stuff/Stuff/TMP/neet[0;39m[1;30mFUNCTION - info[0;39m    name = [1;33m[0;39m    current = [1;33m[0;39m    total = [1;33m[0;39m[1;30mFUNCTION - directory[0;39m    [0;39m    highest = [1;33m[0;39m    directorycount = [1;33m1[0;39m    path = [1;33m/media/stuff/Stuff/TMP/neet/[0;39m[1;30mFUNCTION - episode[0;39m    episodecount = [1;33m0[0;39m    zero = [1;33m zerocount = 0[0;39m    format = [1;33m[0;39m[1;30mFUNCTION - play[0;39m    /media/stuff/Stuff/TMP/neet/    [1;33mFile does NOT exist![0;39m"/media/stuff/Stuff/TMP/neet/ File does NOT exist!"But ls /media/stuff/Stuff/TMP/neet lists the directories.BTW: the dirs inside that are symlinks.
~~ is = to "use mpv's current directory" ie where the executable residesWrong. ~~ refers to the mpv configuration directories all of them, in fact.It has nothing to do with the current directory nor with the location of the binary which is most likely /usr/bin.So why can source-shader only take one shader?It's hard for more than one to make sense; I decided that more than one is most likely going to cause trouble. If you can come up with a compelling example for wanting more than one source-shader I could reconsider.
Alright guys, I have the weirdest problem.I decided to try out mpvhq. Whenever I try to play a YouTube video, it lags very hard and I can see the error in my pic after closing it. Even switching back to mpv which used to play YouTube videos just fine now produces this error. Does anyone have an idea what's causing this?
hmm Why does your color not work, are you not using the GNU coreutils or something?Anyways it seems like you don't have a list: it should be called "list" in configdir, it should look like this: https://github.com/onodera-punpun/dotfiles/blob/master/neet/listThe show with + in front of the episodes it the active one.
Does anyone have an idea what's causing this?1. Your network connection2. YouTube's network connection3. The connection between your network and YouTube's network
YouTube videos play just fine in my browser though. I also watched several videos just before trying out mpvhq just fine. I kinda doubt it's a problem with a connection.
hmm Why does your color not work, are you not using the GNU coreutils or something?I do, and they work. Just  log made it like this.Anyways it seems like you don't have a list: it should be called "list" in configdir, it should look like this: https://github.com/onodera-punpun/dotfiles/blob/master/neet/listSuggestion:Would it be possible to generate this list by recursively going through the directories?Imagine some tree structure:Anime    Show1        Dir with extras    Show2Adult    Pr0n1Anime would be 1, and Adult 2.Then if you hit 1 it expands, Show1 is 1, Show2 is 2. Esc/q brings you one layer back.
Imagine some tree structure:*Anime    Show1        Dir with extras    Show2Adult    Pr0n1
Well you're producing a scaled texture by sampling another texture. Due to the size difference in the textures, it only makes sense to do it once.
Format?
The problem is that that is hard as fuck, for example my "mediadir" is just my downloads dir, it is pretty much impossible or at least really hard to calculate which dirs are with shows and which dirs not.Adding a new show to the list really isn't that hard imo, it's a lot easier than cd'ing to the right directory and getting mpv to play the right episode at least.btw this is how the debug thing should look.And does it work for you now?
I use this script instead:http://www.dolda2000.com/gitweb/?p=utils.git;a=blob;f=planime;hb=refs/heads/masterIt requires no master list and uses the directory structure itself instead.
mp4, I think. I'll add the full log from cmd here.
The problem is that that is hard as fuck, for example my "mediadir" is just my downloads dir, it is pretty much impossible or at least really hard to calculate which dirs are with shows and which dirs not.Yes, if you noticed I actually created a neet dir with links to only what I want because I thought it would do this.I personally think that this should be on the user and not overcomplicate the script.Adding a new show to the list really isn't that hard imoYes, it's not hard. But still annoying if you have  ~160 shows downloaded.And does it work for you now?Yep, thanks. But it would still be nice if the list was generated.
I meant the youtube format, eg. maybe you're watching 2160p on mpv but 720p in the browser
Oh, that's not it. It's 1080p in both. I'm noticing a bump in speed after trying again just now though. So the issue's hopefully going to resolve itself.
Yeah, but what if someone want to use separate shaders for scale luma and chroma? I don't think that's an impossible use case.
Then you pretty much have to deal with it.I wanted to make it so you could just write eg. cscale=custom=PATH but mpv's options parser is a nightmare
So, since there's a normal general up right now, I want to ask about a problem which I posted again about in the bait generals.Basically, I can't play back Youtube videos above 720p and 30fps, even with ytdl-format=bestvideo+bestaudio/best in my mpv.conf and every other common advice you could think of.The only thing that worked, was downloading the audio/video stream of a 1080p/60fps video and muxing them with ffmpeg.Now, in the last thread I asked this, I was told that streaming 1080p/60fps DASH videos through mpv should work. Also, Twitch streaming works correctly, so what gives?Any ideas?
Well, fuck me up this ass, I just figured it out. I just needed to add the following in the arguments for Firefox's "Open Link with mpv":--ytdl-format=299+bestaudioShouldn't it have worked by default though?
Then you pretty much have to deal with it.Fair enough, it was an hypothetical case after all I don't even know of scale shaders written for mpv as of now. I just thought that if in the future, just to give an example, the NNEDI shader is ported to glsl, you will not able to use a luma shader alongside it.
If you had bestvideo+bestaudio in your config, it should just work. Maybe your config file isn't setup correctly, or the setting gets overriden somewhere.
Yeah, it should have just read it from your config it does for me anyway. Weird Windows behavior?
NNEDI would most likely be a combination of more than one pre, scale and post shader.
It does not work that way.You most likely just downloaded the .app bundle which has no relation to your PATH or the terminal, right? You could in theory use the binary within this bundle by always specifying the full path, which is probably /Applications/mpv.app/Contents/MacOS/mpv but I guess you'd agree this is highly inconvenient. You could make aliases or even add this to your PATH but it's still messy.What can you do? There are package managers on OSX, get one and compile mpv yourself. This is not hard and will still yield you the .app bundle but additionally the "regular" binary in the regular place. You don't have to be a programmer to compile, you don't even have to know how to compile stuff - that's what the package manager will be doing for you. Going this route you can also compile whenever you want e.g. latest master and specify the features you want/need.Get a package manager: http://brew.sh/ And do what this script tells you! When it's warning you about something not being in your PATH then add it.Then continue with the mpv homebrew repo, where further steps are explained: https://github.com/mpv-player/homebrew-mpv The mpv homebrew repo contains also formulas "packages" in homebrew speak, "installable things" for e.g. vapoursynth, if you ever feel like it.When you are done you probably should remove the youtube-dl from your config directory and rather install/manage it with brew it's as easy as brew install youtube-dl.
Not really asking for donations on the site, or else I wouldn’t hide the jew so well most people probably don’t even notice him. To begin with, I only put it there because several people said “you should totally accept donations” and it seemed like a funny idea at the time. Since I’ve started hosting the builds, I’ve received a total of less than 5 EUR in donations, and I’m totally fine with that. I personally don’t think I should get a lot of credit for the little work I do these days. The builds have helped mplayer-uau/mplayer2/mpv gain popularity, and I’m satisfied with that.I was actually going to make a new build two days ago since custom shaders have landed, but I’m waiting for a patch to hit libass upstream that provides a DirectWrite font matching backend to replace the abomination that is fontconfig yes, finally. There are going to be some changes to the way I package the builds to go along with that, so I figured I’d prepare those and wait for the libass patch. Was planning on building it tomorrow if nothing happens.I think the frequency of my builds is sufficient, and I do try to get them out whenever interesting changes happen. I suppose I could provide daily autobuilds which would fail regularly, but what’s the real benefit? I prefer reading the commit log and publishing new builds every now and then when I think it’s safe to do so. Testing for experimental stuff on Windows is often provided by others these days, so I’m trying to keep those builds more or less stable.I can’t deny that I’m lazy.
but I’m waiting for a patch to hit libass upstream that provides a DirectWrite font matching backend to replace the abomination that is fontconfigDo you know by any chance if the CoreText backend will hit upstream too? Libass-ct is a pain in the ass and get outdated always too soon.I can't deny that I'm lazy. Being here, we all are.
Speaking of fonts, I've noticed that mkv that have large fonts ~5mb in my example as attachments take significantly longer to load in mpv. MPC doesn't seem to suffer from this, do you know why that is?
No idea what will happen with libass-ct. Pigoz is lazy.Probably fontconfig. I think it does something stupid like “render all the glyphs to determine the font’s glyph coverage,” along with calculating checksums for the cache which is really just its in-memory structure and designed in a completely fucking retarded way.
No idea what will happen with libass-ct. Pigoz is lazy.Shoot. Well, thank you anyway.
if you don't even use windows why do you make builds for it
Obviously I’m building a botnet.Well, because I can, and because I want to contribute something to the project. I don’t think mpv would be where it is today if someone hadn’t stepped up and provided Windows builds at some point.Also, most people I know use Windows, where mpv is the only reasonable alternative if you want to avoid the whole DirectShow mess and need something that Just Works™ VLC is not good enough. I’m not always in a situation where I have something running Linux at hand, so those Windows builds have been useful to me as well.
So I'm trying to get https://github.com/SirCmpwn/ExternalPlayer to work. I'm kind of a Linux newbie, so bear with me.When it says "add this script", does it mean actually saving it as a .sh?Do I have to save the YouTube creds in a plain text file?
does opengl-vhq not work on the windows builds or something? mpv doesn't launch at all when i use the option
Are you using mpvhq or vanilla?
there are windows builds of mpvhq?
There's the link in the OP.Vhq was not ported back to vanilla, it probably was considered unecessary.
I'm blind, thanks
Yeah; that'd be cool.
A little late to the party, but fuck, this is the fucking best thing I've heard all day.
Do you know by any chance if the CoreText backend will hit upstream too? Libass-ct is a pain in the ass and get outdated always too soon.Fucking this, libass-ct is always several versions behind official libass, but fontconfig is indeed shit on Os X. Please, just port the coretext backend upstream.
he only does updates when he "feels it adds something to windows"Sounds good to me.
Not using this shit until the generals stop.
I'm enjoying mpv on Windows so far but the OSC options are not great. They need to make an OSC that is centered, flatter, hugs the bottom of the video, and scales properly with the window, without being too big or too small no matter the Window size.
So as of now the youtube-dl support is only for youtube and not general sites?It seems pretty trivial to add a few lines where theyoutube-dl -g  output is piped to mpv in the main branch. Thats what I do right now
So as of now the youtube-dl support is only for youtube and not general sites?no
I don’t think mpv would be where it is today if someone hadn’t stepped up and provided Windows builds at some point.This. Without Windows builds, mpv would still be regarded as a memeplayer.
just opened a vid in vlc which was totally fucked, like vlc-meme style, saw this thread emerged mpv and lo, not fucked.general or no quality is quality
༼∩ •́ ヮ •̀ ༽⊃━ﾟ. * ･ ｡ﾟ
Can you toggle shaders with a keybind yet?  Really want to abandon vapoursynth and f3kdb for deband.glsl.
osd-width & osd-heightAny way to make this equal to dwidth & dheight in fullscreen? Trying to get pic related with mpv but, forcing pillerboxing with expand scales the subs.Yes and no.You can use "vo_cmdline" but it resets the current vo and the options are limited.
Is there any way to implement a boss key or do I need a script for it?https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/blob/master/TOOLS/lua/pause-when-minimize.luaI found this but I still need a binding for actually executing the minimize and i don't see any such function in the documentation
YES! Finally, thank you Hassan ibn placebo and wm3
Fuck off, you VLC-using redditor.
Now that custom shaders are in mainline, is there still a reason to use mpvhq?
can someone make mpv for windows not have a fixed aspect ratio when adjust the size of the player window
Just install altdrag already.
should i use dxva2 hardware decoding if i have an amd gpu or just stick to software?
Depends on whether you prefer quality or performance
list of sites?
When it says "add this script", does it mean actually saving it as a .sh?Yes, and more specifically in a location that is in your PATH environment variable.You can that by typing: echo "${PATH}"Do I have to save the YouTube creds in a plain text file?Also yes. You have to create the file ~/.netrc, and then put in your password/username like the example.
You could try the bottombar OSC.script-opts=osc-layout=bottombar,osc-seekbarstyle=bar
https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/supportedsites.html
Hardware decoding doesn't degrade quality on Windows.
--no-keepaspect-windowGood software.
Can you toggle shaders with a keybind yetYou sort of can, but not in a convenient way. As far as I know they're planning to add the chance to set vo's options in runtime, but there are other priorities before that.
Doesn't hardware decoding do it's own scaling, or was that something else?
There's something I don't understand: since https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/22af0dce0de5a52806b13003b31aa41467f3034b linear light scaling has been detached from CMS, yet it seems that having sigmoid-upscaling enabled default in opengl-hq also enables linear light. Am I wrong?
Chroma scaling. But that only happens with vdpau, not dxva.
No, you are right on all accounts.
Great, thank you.
Good softwareWindows: Using third-party software to achieve features other systems have had since the 80s
How is that a feature of the "system" when it's your window manager that is doing it? Where is the difference?
Are you implying "system" means "kernel"?
Is it possible to use mpv to stream a video file through ssh? Like if I have a laptop and I want to watch a movie on a desktop, can I stream it through ssh, without having to first move it to my laptop and play it locally? Sorry for my ignorance
Use sshfs.
sshfs actually works really well. You need to have decent internet though or it will stutter.
How exactly?
I have a few questions.First, it wouldn't play Full HD vids from youtube in Full HD. Only 720pHow am I to fix it? Secondly, is it possible to use secure connectionSSL to youtube while watching it via the mplayer?
RTFM
What's that WM? bspwm?
ytdl-format=bestvideo+bestaudio/best
The only bit of info I found about the problem.
youtube in Full HDytdl-format=bestvideo+bestaudio/bestSSLyes
 MVWM, a cleanup of FVWM, besides the underlying code everything is exactly the same.
This option is set already, but it doesn't seem to work with jewtube.
Oh via mplayerThen I dunno
This option is set already, but it doesn't seem to work with jewtube.It does.What error/message do you get?
Actually, I use smplayer as well. Thanks anyway, gonna try this.
First, it wouldn't play Full HD vids from youtube in Full HD. Only 720pHow am I to fix it?ytdl-format=bestvideo+bestaudio/bestMind that it uses DASH and seeking will be fucked up.
Just use mpv.SMPlayer support has offically been killed: https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/e8a1d35e9c439ba8a86507e02292cc24fef0174a
For new-to-recent videos, the higher resolutions are only available in a format called DASH which is not exactly well supported in ffmpeg, e.g. the displayed duration does not work. The highest mp4 version is usually 720.Using  will force it to use the very best when available that is, usually, DASH, while the current settings afaik "best" try to get the best-non-DASH video.
I got it, thx.Btw, when I watch youtube videos in HD on my netbook, sometimes it would loop either a whole fragment or just soundtrack. It appears the problem arises from me using an old netbook for the purpose. What I'm curious about is whether it is just me.
Never happened for me.
Do you watch youtube videos inlined or in another window?
Another window.So that I can use the browser while watching.
Same. I use External Application Button extension to pass links to mplayer. You?Hell, this new food captcha is driving me mad.
I use a script that opens the link from my clipboard. In mpv. Why mplayer?Use symbian user-agent = easy captcha pic related.
Yeah, I was thinking of making something along those lines with AHK. You are using a bash script, right?Thanks a lot! These fucking sushi pictures were embarrassing.
Yeah, I was thinking of making something along those lines with AHK. You are using a bash script, right?Nah, Lua. It's pretty shitty.require "os"local o = {    keybind = "V",    command = 'xclip -selection clipboard -o',    location}function main    o.location = "/tmp/mpv_paste_link_"..os.time    os.execute"touch "..o.location    os.executeo.command.."  "..o.location    local file = io.openo.location    local result = file:read"*a"    file:close    os.execute"rm "..o.location    if "" == result then        mp.osd_message"Nothing hiya :", 2    else         mp.osd_messageresult, 2        mp.commandv"loadfile", result, "replace"    endendmp.add_key_bindingo.keybind, mp.get_script_name, main, {repeatable=true}
loli...161
Welcome to techno/loli/g/ new friend
At least I know what I like.Pic is sfw so no rule violation mr. janitor.
Just don't get trapped in some honey pot. IIRC someone said this was illegal in Germany and can be treated as child porn.
this = loli
I don't think that there are explicit laws.This is kind of a legal greyzone.In the end law enforcement doesn't care; They'd rather use their resources to fight the actual criminals: acting pedophiles.
But thanks for the heads up anways.
arrest all pedophile actors.
What tscale do you guys use? I just switched from oversample to mitchell and there's a significant difference unless it's placebo.
By acting I mean ones that produce material.
I use mitchell, some use gaussian.Gaussian is too blurry imo.
I like default oversample the must but not, it's not placebo, the difference is sensible.
 you don't have leading "--" in config do you?
i tried ob bbc iplayer and it worked --video only
check the version if you don't .use or accept_keywords, your version gonna be like 3.0
anyone uses mpv as a img viewer? can;t get gif to run. . .
scp server:/file.mkv | mpv -
I highly recommend pqiv, it is minimal, actively developed, had no gui, scales exactly like mpv and not like other retarded image viewers like meh, feh and sxiv, and supports gif ootb.
Sounds neat, does it do color management?
Are there windows builds and does it support opening from archives?
Gah, I tried it out and the controls are so abyssmally terrible out of the box; the window jumps all over the place, fullscreen doesn't work properly, panning is weird and unnatural, hjkl does the wrong thing, etc.Is there a way to set it up to work more like sxiv out of the box? Also everything just shows up completely oversaturated and blown-out in pqiv, looks disgusting
What tscale do you guys use? I just switched from oversample to mitchell and there's a significant difference unless it's placebo.For me mitchell results in a "better" result, as in: feels like less judder. When mitchell is considered judder free and for me it looks that way, oversample has still a little bit left.Downside: mitchell is visibly blurrier delicate details in e.g. hair vanish into thin air and therefore I don't can't use it.
Tried it, config file doesn’t seem to work very well. browse=1 at least doesn’t work.
he hasn't even customized his i3
These subs are huge and unreadable.Any good configuration I can copy/paste to to be smaller and more readable and sexy?
5 linerjesus
Anyone know how to remove that 1px bar under ff tabs?
wrong thread, sorry
Oh god, it's pain and suffering
Nope.
Man this is almost as much as fucking troll translator's notes.
Those are simply horrible subtitles. Smaller font isn’t going to fix the lack of \N.
Yes but even if it was only one line, the text is so large that I have a real hard time reading it to begin with.If it was much smaller, it would be much more bearable.
Did you try setting --sub-text-font-size?
Not a font issue. Subs are shit. Lines need to be split and there are some really good places to do them.
some of the Mario 64 star videos are pretty entertaining.
Copied some settings off the archive and it's SO much better now.I can't believe you guys don't believe it's a font issue. It's literally 10x more readable now
Herp, I might as well get the resolution right.
3 linerThere are 5 good places to split that line. Probably could find more with the audio to hear where pauses are instead of inferring them.
Are you actually suggesting that I'm supposed to download the subs, extract them, open them up in my editor, split the lines, then merge them into the file again just so I can watch a 10-minute youtube vid?And they say *I'm* autistic.
Of course you can alleviate the problem, but the subtitles are still shitty and that’s the core problem.And your font is actually too small now for good subtitles.
No, I'm just suggesting that the subs are shit.
And what the fuck are you going to do about it, other than fixing the font settings?Besides, even with good subtitles, my old default font settings were so huge that they would be unreadable one way or the other.Even a single word is barely readable at that font size.
And what the fuck are you going to do about itNothing. Just simmering in the hate for whoever created the subtitles.
i need the config code for ac3 and DTS passthrough SPDIF.i tried the one in manual but nothing......
I have.Keybindings, workspace names, workspace assignments.All that I wanted to customize.
Die slow faggot
no battery etc etcyou could fix that bb
, 
Why is this meme resolution still such a big thing and how the fuck can it even be available in the business class? I'm especially looking at Lenovo.Also, 1600x900 is just as horrible. Fuck that.Anything under 1200px vertically is not acceptable in fucking 2015.
impressionable fuccboi finds out about something trivial that /g/ won't shut up aboutmakes a thread to fit inscreen resolution and retina display matters so fucking much when all you do is shitpost on 4chan and run screenfetch to post on /g/
talking about "retina displays"calling OP fuccboi
I literally only use my laptop's display when I'm note taking in lectures or writing MATLAB scripts/running Pspice.All the browsing, image editing and gaming is done with it on docking station and outputting to a 22'' external display.So I've never been bothered by it and if you are, you're doing something wrong.
you're doing something wrong.or doing graphical work that needs a ton of screen realestate
...and so should be done on a large monitor
1200plol pleb
how'd you make firefox look like that
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mx4/?src=api
implying the human eye can see past 600x480
600x480600triggered.
I hope you mean large monitor with a decent PPI. 1920x1080 @ 22" is just as bad as 1366x768 @ 15" as far as PPI goes.This is the reason I hung onto my 2008 1920x1200 15" clunker laptop until HiDPI laptops became commonplace. Now I use a 15" rMBP running in HiDPI emluated 1920x1200 mode.
Resolution goes hand in hand to screen size.e.g: 1440p for 27'', 1080p for 24''.Using an higher resolution for those screen sizes is a waste of money and a placebo marketed for retards. It also gets the GPU and panel industry going out of stagnation.The only use of high dpi on small screens would be for devices attached near your eyes such as the occulus rift, but not on phones.
And if you actually don't want to cut yourself when looking at these displays, it's 4k for 24" and 5k for 27".Basically, keep it around 180DPI and scaling at 200%.
It's the cheapest thing you can put into a laptop and still call it "HD" and have a Microsoft logo on it. If MS didn't require 768 pixels vertically since Windows 7. the standard might still be 1280x720 and that would be a little worse.
kids that think you need 1080 or over resolution on small screensAre you kids fucking stupid?Seriously.
My 13 inch 1920x1080 IPS looks fine to me. Definitely "acceptable in fucking 2015."
Resolution goes hand in hand to screen size.I remember glass clear how they said the same thing about computer displays in the 90's.on a 15" CRT, the recommended resolution is 800x600on a 17" CRT wow, can you afford one of these badboys?, use 1024x768, 1280x960 will make your fonts look way too small!
I have the same resolution on my HP Envy m6
1366x768 on 14" is probably just as many DPI as 1920x1080 on 24".  Maybe even more.  Laptops are shit.
You're kidding, right? I'm  and even with the relatively high DPI of a 1920x1200 15" screen I can still see easily see pixels particularly on round corners and lots of letterforms are still misshapen or blurred. By comparison my rMBP feels like looking at a sheet of printed paper at the same distance.The DPI difference is glaring when my rMBP is sitting next to my 27" 1440p Dell monitor. Using the external monitor now feels like starting through a screen door.
That's pretty nice.How do you get the hidden tabs to be small? Your two other 4chan tabs are just icons in the image you posted. I usually have TONS of tabs open, so that would be a good feature.
You mean how to pin tabs? Right click on it  Pin Tab
Huh. That seems kind of cool.
If you can see aliasing then you will see benefits of bigger density. It is noticeable even in full HD phones but 4k really is the limit. PC displays should stop at 8k or something.
I've never been able to see aliasing.Then again, my eyes aren't the best.
fuccboi/fa/
TFW 1920x1080@42"
I've been using a thinkpad T43p with a 1600x1200 15" display for years and was shocked how the resolution game stagnated for a LONG time.If you ever were using a display with a higher than usual resolution you will want to have something like this again. Everything else will look like a pocket calculator.And as always it's frustrating as fuck to see that AGAIN it was pretty much thanks to Crapple that there was movement again in resolutions. It's like the whole market just sits and waits until Apple makes people want something and THEN hop on the bandwagon. Apple never really innovates shit but they definitely have cleverer people in their marketing offices.
Do you know how placebos work? If your mind wants to see pixels at a certain density, it will. You fell for the marketing. I bet your monitor is TN because muh placebo hz.
Just look at far objects in games or any skewed text. You should have AA disabled obviously
get glasses m8.
It's called TreeStyleTab.
it's all placeboyou fell for the marketingYour ignorance and/or fedora couldn't be bigger
Like here. It looks just as bad on the actual screen.
hurr pixel densityderr dpiDo you go to the movies? Don't those movies look amazing? Guess, what, the dpi/pixel density/whateverthefuck is fucking low as fuck. It's a 2k projector display a movie on a fucking 30+ foot screen.
Ok, just tip your fedora in front of your 15'' 16K monitor and be done with it.
They are blurry as fuck m8, what are you smoking. Fps is low too, just try looking with peripheral vision, holy hell,
fuccboi retina display Cringed so hard my eyes popped back into my head
 no u ...have the fedora!...really?
funposting this hard
Just sit further back from your monitor. Bingo. Higher effective resolution.
Take a look at the Synapse icon. It's perfectly fine. So are your statusbar icons. Only means that your shitty icon pack is low res.
Status bar is not skewed at all and I was talking about text and far objects.
movies look like fucking shit m8
Im fine with my 15" 1366 x 768 laptop. Im also not an autist and 1080p is for ants compared while crisper
Everything uses 1336x768 because Microsoft doesn't allow OEMs to use a smaller resolution on a screen larger than 9 inches
having home button on panelusing windowscalling anyone pleb
you should've called the image 'homo button'
TVs are a bit different because of the distance you sit from them and the content viewed on them. Video rarely has contents where aliasing is visible and you probably can't see pixels at couch distance.With computers and phones on the other hand, it's text and sharp shapes by the boatload, both of which make aliasing readily visible.The problem with generic PC vendors is that they won't try things that aren't 1 Absurdly cheap to implement 2 Already mass produced 3 Low riskApple on the other hand is willing to do things like retool entire factories with machinery that was previously rare in order to produce the product they want to make and have high enough margins that cost and risk isn't an issue. As such, they can spend their time and efforts figuring out what consumers want and act on their findings. This article explains it nicely: https://medium.com/@BoltVC/no-you-cant-manufacture-that-like-apple-does-93bea02a3bbf
If you really use a metric fuckton of tabs I can recomend what  mentionedOn my 11" 1366 x 768 laptop I like how crisp the picture is, but I'd love to have more space to do stuff.
Anon...I...I use my TV as a monitor, I'm sorry.Though it was initially because I had to do it as a ghetto-rig because living solo and it was far enough away that it was normal - now its sitting on a proper desk.Only reason I haven't changed from it is because there's really no point nor space in my studio flat I live alone, rent is high in UK so replacing it would just mean that I have a 42" TV sitting around doing literally fuck all.Considering possibility of asking my landlord/letting agents to let me drill some VESA mount to the wall and have a main monitor on the desk and have the TV to the side as a TV content screen though... Maybe.
can someone with win10 post itt?want to learn more about it without going to websites outside my comfort zone
What ya wanna know?
, 
Functional but multi-paradigm languages like Rust are the future of programming. Yet people are to ignorant to see this yet.
Ok
rustfunctionalwat
what is multi-paragdigmRust doesn't implement all of the functionality of Haskell, but it's comforting to see analogous functionality
Yet people are to ignorant to see this yet.They are? Feels like half the big web operations already switched parts of their stack to Scala...
I'd rather get work done versus worry about gendered pronouns and inclusiveness, faggot OP.
multi-paradigm languagesplease noI'm tired of multi-paradigm. all it means is I see crazy ass half baked shit everywhereone paradigm and fuck off; there's a reason C++ is shit and multi-paradigm is one of them.
 cont'dSelection of akka users.Also:Typesafe's customers various Scala:https://www.typesafe.com/resources/case-studies-and-storiesSpark:https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SPARK/Powered+By+SparkAnd there are certainly a bunch more.
muli-paradigmJust more opportunity for poor organization and wacky coding style.
Crazy shit is the result of half-assing syntactic meanings. As is mainly done on imperative / procedural languages."Muh integer is also randomly a boolean""Operators are special! Totally not like a function!""Types are for pussies, lets duck type / regard everything as string"And all the other craziness...
rust You mean scala. It compiles into java class files, so it works with legacy systems.
That is C++s fault, not multi-paradigms fault.Whenever someone says something against multiparadigms and complexity - C#, you fags.What actually makes C++ bad is that those features work against each other in the way they are included.
well no shit C is like that m8. It's basically Assembly so it makes sense that ints can be booleans, operators are not like functions and types are more a of a suggestion than a hard reality.
why are they changing their name? has odersky lost a bet or something?
scalanot clojure
dat imageDisgusting when I see my company's logo at home.Is scala to java what coffeescript is to JS?
my company's logoWhich one?
take your 8.33% chance to guess it and I will reply honestly
dynamic typing
Apparently, this:https://www.typesafe.com/blog/whats-in-a-nameBut it's confusing me, too. OTOH it wasn't cause they fucked up, so whatever...
Reuters
That company is not even on the list.not liking your parentheses
What is DAW?DigitalAudioWorkstationITT We help each other with whatever program we use and or look for give advice to what needed.Please don't be hateful. If you can at least give me that I don't care how you essentially talk.We get too much hate for whatever DAW someone likes, it gets old real fast here Anons.1. What DAW do you use?2. How long have you been using it?3. Have you used any others?4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?6. What genre are you best at?7. What genre is your favorite to do?8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?9. Got a link to your work?10. What is your name for most work?why FL studio logo?Cause it's the most widely known DAW.
1. What DAW do you use?Fl 12/642. How long have you been using it?8 years, solid3. Have you used any others?Logic peak, metasynth, Reason, Ableton, Protools, Cubase back when it was cakewalk, Audacity, Sony Acid4. No matter how stupid, what VTSi do you enjoy the most?Kontakt everyone knows that though5. What VTSi got you to where you are today?Reaktor6. What genre are you best at?Psychedelic mediums are my forte.7. What genre is your favorite to do?House and Techno, its so fun to make circles in loops.8. To help the future artists what is some advice you could give to them?Learn Music Theory, Learn your synths.9. Got a link to your work?sc/f-clef10. What is your name for most work?I can't say, but you guys can have my side soundcloud.Feel free to ask me any questions about fl studio, starting from version 7, i can help you, i want to help you.
psychedelic I wanna do that too.I have 1 song I was able to do and then nothing else
ask and you shall receive.it's all about nuances. zippyshare is no download necessary to listen.the segment i'm uploading would be the "drop" as it is known in the electronic dance music world.you'll notice in my screen shot i didnt use any one shot samples or loops. everything is midi programed from scratch, and that is how you achieve, nuances, tell me if you're able to hear the sounds from the 2 separate kits, and 4 synthesizers. http://www51.zippyshare.com/v/vGLhOCkn/file.html
so you're using 12?Last thread archived, we had a a bunch of people that were 1 way or another. but no one fought over it.
the top lane is an automation clip, it is controlling the volume of the delay effect on my bell sound.the second lane is my consistent drum kit, it's not heavily fx'd, just right, it doesnt get wonky and it provides the sidechain.the third lane is a bowl pad, it provides atmosphere.the fourth lane, well, listen to the song, see if you can catch it, but it's the ghosts, and it was made in fm8, and i wont tell you how its done, you have to figure it out super easythe 5th lane is my bassline, it mirrors the main melody.the 6th lane is my wonky drum kit, its on the same delay as the bells.it's important to sync your delays, if you have a 1/8th delay on top of a 1/16th delay, that can be cool as fuck.the unofficial psychedelic delay is 42 ms. has to do with visuals.
i was one of the people who hated 12, it took me a while, but now its not any different than before, they just fucked up my settings and made me use their retarded ass plugin picker.....12/64 is suberior.
Do you guys know some awesome free of charge VSTs?I'm especially looking for emulations of real hardware like the old Juno synthesizers.If you're also looking for a nice synthie, check out the U-he Tyrell N6. Fucking awesome beast.
I should upgrade from 11 to 12 soon. can someone upload a screenshot of the plugin picker so I know what I'm getting into?
Ableton Live.Three years now.Trialed FL Studio, used GarageBand waaay backHonestly no VST is enjoyable to me. Massive, maybe, but I don't even own it.SynthMaster but it's GUI is horribleEDMGlitchPractice and don't have expectations.
I suppose, but honestly, they fucked up to much for me to even consider doing anything at all. :\I think Ill waitliterally google "Free VSTs" and click on like every link. All else fails, you will find some 1/2 decent ones. Watch out tho, because they are freeware ones you will have a tiny bit of fail following along, some freeze, some don't work, some are ridiculously amazing. its really a needle in a hay stack concept.
literally google "Free VSTs" and click on like every link.No shit, Sherlock.When I post here, I am looking for some recommendations of people who'd like to share some info on VSTs they found and like to use.Of course I'm looking through sites like KVR audio regularly to find new shit but it's more fun to hear some recommendations here by people who used something cool.
Theres an orchestral one running around. I've been trying to refind it. Right now I'm using FL on E basically since my other computer shit on me
i just picked up the new studio one and i gotta say, it really has improved a lot and is now my favorite daw, coming from pro tools
How to request purchase advice:http://pastebin.com/QGAhMCKE$200 and under headphones:http://pastebin.com/8u0qgQt1$200 and over headphones:http://a.pomf.se/lncogq.pngEarphones /g/uide:http://pastebin.com/QQ4Gp7bQ/g/ wiki headphone FAQ:https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php?title=HeadphonesAudio related videos:http://pastebin.com/TcTS8TsnPrevious thread
sony xb450 vs ath ws55 vs sol republic tracks for muh bass?
Do you use Shizuku Edition or not?
, 
I've bought a Macbook Pro. Now what?List 10 applications that you can't live without.
grindr
homebrewdivvybartenderitermemacs use railwaycat patch and build your ownchromejqcurlnodesbclaudacitythat's about all really, i'd have adobe cs3 except i don't torrent binaries so i make do with gimp ugh and do heavy work on my desktop box
Steam. So you can still look at the sales for games you'll never be able to play.
Afloat. Allows pinning of any window on top. I live in fear that this will stop working since development stopped a long time ago and there's no alternative.
1. GNU/Linux2. GNU/Linux3. GNU/Linux4. GNU/Linux5. GNU/Linux6. GNU/Linux7. GNU/Linux8. GNU/Linux9. GNU/Linux10. GNU/Linux
Bartender, iStat Menus, QuickRes, NoSleep...Basically all the stuff that should come built-in to OSX.
a dildo
iStat Menusyeah, i forgot that one, but it's more or less optionalQuickResliterally whythere is no reason ever to set any lcd to anything other than its native resolution, periodNoSleepagain literally whymy MBP's excellent sleep/wake behavior is one of the reasons i like it so much, why would i deliberately install software to make it behave like other, lesser laptopsi mean honestly, i might as well install a kext to make it kernel panic every third time i close the lid, just so gnu/linux users would feel at home
there is no reason ever to set any lcd to anything other than its native resolution, periodOn a retina Mac you can adjust the scaling factor easily depending on what you're doing.
my MBP's excellent sleep/wake behavior is one of the reasons i like it so much, why would i deliberately install software to make it behave like other, lesser laptopstorrents
Wineskin. Enjoy running some of the glorious Windows software on your toy BTFO OSX in a freetard compatibility-layer.
implying Macs are in capable of-running Windows to run games-running games in Cyder wrappers or the like-running OS X native games-running Windows in a VM to play games
If you call it MacOS you're going to confuse people as this was a completely different Apple OS. OSX is the preferred nomenclature.
This works seriously well for games. Every time I've tried it it's worked perfectly. Get Wineskin Winery to make it extra easy.
your first Mac? which OS are you coming from?I switched from Windows 5 months ago and would never go back. depending on what OS you're coming from, you'll probably have diff requirements.I like this app for window management myself.. it's free toohttp://spectacleapp.com/
It's "OS X" not "OSX"
Nobody pauses between OS and X.
OP here, five years of using only Linux. The keyboard layout is weird.Quick question: macports or home-brew?
go with homebrew
Why did you switch?
and why in god's name would i even install a torrent client on my MBP when i have a perfectly good desktop machine that's always awake and powered on to handle that kind of thingyes, and? give me an example of a reason why i'd want to change itoh yeah, good point, i forgotgo into system preferences/keyboardremap caps to commandremap command to controlthis gives you 90% of the keybindings you're used to from other machines and you'll quickly get used to the rest
My old laptop is broken, I have to buy a new one. The Macbook Pro screen seems nice, so I give it a chance. :P
Well yeah, it's not like they're going to say Oh Ess......... Ten
Nobody pronounces it Oh Ess Ten either.
go into system preferences/keyboardremap caps to commandremap command to controlthis gives you 90% of the keybindings you're used to from other machines and you'll quickly get used to the restDon't do this, OP. Just get used to OS X's keybindings, you'll find you prefer it.They do if they know what they're talking about.
ofc if you find you prefer windows you can just use boot camp to install windows, it'll cost you some battery life but otherwise work just finei'd recommend giving OS X a chance tho, it's good stuffi usually pronounce it "All Hail the Prophet Jobs pbuh"
xD
Not that guy, but I've always pronounced it as it should: like OS 10. Which it means. Which is how Apple calls it.Also  Ten  Ex
xDGet out.
yeah, nahthat's the worst HCI fuckup apple's ever perpetratedi know! let's take all the most common keybinds and arrange them so that the user has to cramp the shit out of his left hand to invoke them!i mean i know it hails from the II days and the open apple key but for fuck's sake guys you were never scared to break back compat back in the old days so why did you stick with this clusterfuck of all things, i mean for christ's sake my IIe actually has the control key between tab and shift like God intended, how could you fuck up this badly i sweari usually pronounce it "austin" because that's where i live and all my coffee shop buddies have macbooks too and we go to consignment shops together and get vintage skinny jeans and flannels
Nobody pronounces it Oh Ess Ten either.everyone does you fucking retard.say "OS X"and hear it for yourself.
better snap toolchrome for dat incognito windowmicrosoft office get the new beta for free
BartenderMPlayerXFirefox with Vertical TabsGrowlAlfredReederSparrowJDownloaer2KarabinerPopClipTextMateTransmissionIt's open source so all hope is not lost in the event that it does stop working.there is no reason ever to set any lcd to anything other than its native resolution, periodI often downscale mine when using Remote Desktop from another computer. But yeah, I just use Alfred to do that since it's a short Terminal command.
XtraFinderXee3XnViewMPFirefoxParallelsWineskinTextWranglerMurasakiTransmissionVLCAdobe AcrobatMicrosoft OfficeNestopiaMacportsKindleMacgo Blu-ray playerGoogle Earthwoookao
I have never heard anyone outside of /g/ call OSX Oh Es Ten. It's always been Oh Es Ex or OhSeX. Stop being permavirgins and call pronounce it right.
Oh Ess Eks?
Well of course say pronounces that as "oh ess ex", roman numerals are letters to it. say MCMLXIXand hear for yourself.Say what you want, their setup's far more ergonomic. Your thumb's right next to Command when it's resting on the spacebar, meanwhile your pinky's way the fuck up on the A and far away from Control.everyone does it wrong so that makes it correct
damn good list. i share many apps as my go-to apps.Gemini - find duplicate filesDjVuReaderCalibreLittle Snitchjwzlyrics want to fetch & display lyrics with your songs for free?Typinator - text substitutionCaffeineXee^3iTerm2 - best terminal on any platform!Movist - best movie player, but it's not freeTweetbot - if you're into twitter, tweetbot is the best client.TextMate 2 - great GUI editor if you don't want to payMenuWeather - display weather in menu barNet Monitor  - display networking stats in real time.
Everyone says Oh Ess Icks and Oh Ess Zee.
your pinky's way the fuck up on the A and far away from Controlwhich is why you remap caps lock to control, so that you have a control key between tab and shift, the way God intendedextra bonus: you get a free LED to do fun things with
kek'd. you obviously don't have a mac.no, it says "oh es ten". if you: say "O S X", it pronounces it as "oh es ex".
I'm sitting in a room with ~6 Macs in it as I type this; they're not even all the Macs I own. I didn't realize say properly handled "OS X" though; knowing Apple I should have known better.I do have caps mapped to Control. OS X having nonstandard commands is nicer than it seems because all of the made for OS X applications of course use proper OS X keybindingsCommand is the main key instead of control, but all of the CLI stuff still uses standard keybindings Control is the main key so Command is OS X keybindings and Control is keybindings for Emacs, Tmux, and all the other stuff you use in the terminal.
if you use iterm, you can map command to control in its preferences, so that you get the behavior you expect everywherealsorunning emacs in a terminalhow plebeianget the railwaycat patch and the 24.4 sourceapply the one to the other and build it, and run your emacs with a guiyou'll be amazed what a difference it makes
if you use iterm, you can map command to control in its preferences, so that you get the behavior you expect everywhereNo, I prefer the separation.GUI EmacsI don't see the advantage. I just leave a fullscreened Terminal window with Emacs running for general purpose use.
MkConsoleEmacsdeveloper toolshomebrewfirefoxchromeVLCf.luxoffice for mac
Quicksilver and Caffeine are quite useful IMO
grindr/thread
you mean, on a macbook you can't prevent the system from going sleep when you close the lid? seriously you need a third party application? i'll shoot the next person who comes claiming osx is the best system
osx is the best system
are you me?
one thing changes all the pros OS X has
on a macbook you can't prevent the system from going sleep when you close the lidYou can, so long as you're on AC power which makes perfect sense
considering macs vent air from behind the keyboard it's a sensible idea, if you close the lid you are seriously hampering cooling
MacPorts if you want a full-featured BSD ports-like system, Homebrew if you want a hipster package manager with literally thousands fewer packages, made by ruby hipsters for hipsters.
Homebrew if you want a hipster package manager with literally thousands fewer packagesAnd yet it has way more than macports when it comes to packages people actually use
Is that true though? It's been a while since i've used this feature, but i'm almost positive that OS X will keep the machine running with display closed whenever you have an external monitor plugged in, and almost all of the Macbooks i've seen run the vents in a way that they still can do their job when the display is closed.
homebrewbartenderalfred[some browser]spotifyacksublime textiterm2vlc or whateversynergyI have a ton of other stuff installed a separate python installation, python3, git, zsh, etc..., but you can get by with most of the stuff OS X comes with. it's a little dated, but "okay"
Bean office word processor appAquamacsTextWranglergimp fuck subscription cloud-based photoshop
alfredbartenderheliumsublime or atomsketchMAMPletterspaceia writerstachetransmissionrightfontvox, spotify, plugliteiconinstacastcloudupclearappzapper1passwordbeamer if you have Apple TVtextual 5transmitsipradio silenceplayer xpaparazzinoizio
One thing that bugged me about OSX is the long delay of tooltips over long file names. Clicking on the file doesnt expand the file name like on Windows and Linux. So I found there is a way to reduce the tooltip delay time by entering this into the terminal:defaults write -g NSInitialToolTipDelay -int 100 100 is milliseconds which is a 1/10th of a second
There are a handful of dotfiles out there that are really good. Search github for something like "dotfiles" or "os x dotfiles" or something and you'll find a bunch of huge scripts full of excellent settings like these. You generally just have to clone, modify/comment as desired, and run the dotfile.Admittedly you shouldn't run anything that you don't understand, but this is just a series of commands like the one you showed, so it should be easy enough to parse through and vet before running it.
Search github for something like "dotfiles" or "os x dotfiles"great, I'll check that
homebrew is niceI use Wunderlist for tasks and Evernote for notes that I want accessible elsewhereiTerm2 is more powerful than Terminal.appTexShop is nice, but you probably don't need that unless you use LaTeX regularlyWhat's that colorscheme?
no you.he's cool.;D
he's coolDumbshit. Seems like you are a newfag.
brewspectaclefirefoxvmware fusiontextmatecodapixelmatortransmissionfluxmpv
2015using JDownloader on macnot using Progressive Downloaderhttp://www.macpsd.net/
copy file host linkqueue itit downloads the page insteadYeah, great.
what font and color scheme is that?
If you're on ac power it stays awake.  I use mine closed with two monitors at work
I use something called spectacle for window arrangement shortcuts.  I think there are others maybe better ones, but it works well for me.I also use something called smooth mouse which tries to make the mouse acceleration more like windows.  I was experiencing what felt like really bad mouse lag, but it turned out my 2709w has such bad input lag that it's painfully noticeable when just using the mouse.
curl is preinstalledtechnically so is emacs but the version is way defunct
7zxClementineFirefoxGrowlMacCleanseMediaInfoMKVtoolsMPVParagon NTFS for MacSopcastThunderbirdTransmissionTweetdeckWineXLDThat's all my applications I've downloaded.
emacs is preinstalled? how?
emacs --versionGNU Emacs 22.1.1Copyright C 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.GNU Emacs comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.You may redistribute copies of Emacsunder the terms of the GNU General Public License.For more information about these matters, see the file named COPYING.
Only newfags care
10 applications that you can't live withoutFilezillaUnisonHandBrakeNeoFinderLittleSnitchTextualOBSFFviewCalibre
howOS X is a UNIX and comes with a lot of the software you'd expect to find on a UNIX system.Bash is the default shell, tcsh and zsh are also preinstalled, Emacs comes, so does Vi, etc. It even has some useful programs that other Unices don't such as ditto.
FirefoxHomebrewTransmissionNeovimMacTexLittle SnitchHammerspoonAvogadroMathematicaChemDrawGaussianStudying chemistry @ uni. Using Neovim for writing in LaTeX. Homebrew for tools like git, gpg etc etc. Avogadro & ChemDraw for visualizing molecules and making figures. Gaussian for making quantum calculations. Mathematica for other calculations.
Outside of what comes installed, not sure I Have 10... here's what I find useful regularly:ForkliftAppcleanerBetterZipText WranglerPixelmatorMS/Libre OfficeNisus Writer ProKindle
Good call on Little snitch.
this. this is part of why it's an appealing development computer. It's basically an outdated version of linux bash is old, python is old, a bunch of other stuff too, but you can install updated versions alongside it to get back up to date if you want
yes, and? give me an example of a reason why i'd want to change itPersonal preference, but I find the default scaling way too small - I have it set up to look like 1680x1050
Only a faggot like you cares :
Colloquy - IRC clientCyberDuck - FTP clientSkim - good PDF readerKisMAC - hacks wireless networksUnity - 3D game makernext time we have one of these threads could we label what the programs are?
Better Touch Tool. Dem trackpad gestures.
Fuck Off XTo Reddit 2.0
, 
, 
2015still mentally stuck in the Middle Ages, wanting to own "a house", propertybeing a rent / mortgage / utility bill slavenot wanting an ecocapsule, the ultimate comfy homehttp://qz.com/413081/portable-solar-powered-ecocapsules-mean-you-can-live-rent-and-electric-bill-free-globally/
NEET Heaven.
Neat.
tfw no vibre internet
What is Satellite Internet
shit
Expensive, slow and with crippling data caps.
what about food and water?
You could buy any old used trailer for a lot less money. Then add solar panels.
What is a replicator?http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/05/us-israel-meals-on-demand-tracked-idUSKBN0NQ1PG20150505
What are rivers?What is hunting?What is fruit picking?
Sounds like some hippy horseshit. You better unfuck yourself, boy. Also mainly sissies use the word "comfy".
What about paying the guy who owns the land you stupid goy?
going outsideYeah, I think I'll pass.
Just move to another place when someone complains. There's a lot of land that nobody cares about around...
Imagine rolling this thing down that mountain with hipsters trapped inside
Yeah, or until you get shot. Is this thing bullet-proof?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uBFwqI4TlM
Nobody shoots at you for trespassing except in Dumbfuckistan.
what about food and water?There's a stove and some storage space depicted in the picture, tard.You could probably fit a foldable bicycle there and stock up supplies occasionally.
My first thought, those things seem a little unsafe
dumb as shit, it already exists.... but with wheelshttp://www.ebay.com/itm/like/281698452998?lpid=82&chn=pshttp://www.deltaindustrialservices.net/1996-national-rv-dolphin-5350-motorhome?gclid=Cj0KEQjwv6WrBRD4gbngqe7mosYBEiQAIB5oTGm76yqJfBmb6JiUobt5Un44bAQt6Lm3rIHBP0LS7UAaAuUK8P8HAQ
Name it the eco trailer and wait for the hippies to roll in with cash.
The capsule also includes a rainwater collection and filtration system.Yeah, I bet it's real energy-efficient to heat and cool old trailers. Also, realize that solar panels, along with the accompanying battery, costs nearly $10k all by itself.
don't send my heart aflutter like that :
how the hell was that deadly?
Well hes rolling off a giant mountain...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uBFwqI4TlMOne person died. The other suffered a concussion.
Slow, expensive, and ALWAYS has horrendous data caps
Might as well buy a luxury motorhome.
Literally just a food rehydrator
Which happens to be the same locations that people own lots of land
Do you have any idea how much those cost? I'm guessing not.
wheres the refrigerator
Why not just get a van?
because it would be too transparent what a loser you are if you just got an RV. A solar-panel-ladened egg with curved tinted windows seems less pathetic.
Anyone use open boxes and Commercial Card Share CCS here? I want to set up my sky box F3 with new gift and I'm hoping someone can recommend a good provider also instructions on how to set it up.
Sorry if this sounds stupid, but does anyone knows if you can actually use those to get signal from North American and European satellites if you're in South America? Can you properly aim the antenna?
There's a website which shows all the satellites and their coverage.You might be able to receive some of the NA satellites from SA with a bigger dish, but I seriously doubt you can get European ones.If you're paying, the guy providing the service will tell you how to set it up.
Here:http://www.satbeams.com/footprints
I thought you said these were pretty good e-readers, /g/.
I broken the panel of a Kobo Touch, but I'd used it for over a year at that point so no big deal. The newer model ereaders seem more robust I think because they've gotten all glass out of the display
/g/ always loves the piss poor freetard alternative, every single time
I've had two that broke on me.Kid gloves, /g/, they're fragile
To be honest, /g/ didn't.The shills did. Don't listen to shills.
Well, you have to me more careful. Or should have bought the Wexler Flex One less fragile, bendable, but not indestructible as well.
It arrived in the mail like that though.
Ouch... And you could not refuse to accept the delivery if it was damaged? Are you not allowed to check the package before signing the delivery confirmation?
That's a pretty old model. You bought it new?
$0 from the dumpsterDid I do good /g/?

Fucking yes, post specs.Just hope you have solarAlso, what's that green box thing?

No. Fucking. Way.Post specs, even if that's DDR1 Ram and some 80Gb HDDs, you did more than well.There is quite a lot of stuff you could so with this.
Probably fried. If not definitely outdated.Post pic of a ram stick?
going through other people's garbagebeing this poor
That ram looks thicker than new server memory.. Guessing its old; but still good job OP.How do you plan on powering these?  Seems like they belong inside of a larger chassis.


shits old yo. worth $2 per stick if that.
I think it's dual Opteron.  The fan housing is out by the dumpster.  He dumped 10+ units.
Looks like obsolete shit. Not worth the lost of dignity going people's garbage.
well, you didn't do bad if you need old 1U serversnow see if you can dumpster-dive a relay rack to mount them in and an extra soundproofed room on your house to cope with the utterly absurd noise from a bunch of 1U hi-flow fans at full RPM
those look like blade servers80GB HDDIDE cablesno PCI-E slotsthat's very outdated hardware, not worth keeping
DDR1That looks to be an internal number.PSUs and hard drives are worth a few dollars.  The rest is probably more electricity than it's worth.  There weren't any DDR1 quad-cores, so you're looking at old duals at the most.Also, you have no cooling?
So I can't play Skyrim?
Interesting find but pretty useless for anything practical.Nice big sheets of aluminum and the copper heatsinks are probably worth more
But anon, it's fun!You do know what fun is, right?Guess what I payed for and which ones I got from a tip. I dare you.
that's so OLD XDDDDD throw it out XDif it still works, who gives a shit? go shitpost in a phone thread, looks like it's still decent for pretty much any role a server would have on a home network
Hurr I'm a durrIt's plenty useful, your just a faggot who needs to have the latest and greatest at all times.Even if you don't use them, there is probably a good 3KG of Copper, a small amount of gold if you learn to extract it google/youtube, some of-worth PSUs and the RAM can probably be sold on ebay for ~$5 a stick if you can verify it works.
Get solar panels and batteries1500$ maxPlace the servers in a range of wifiRun the next silk roadROI x100000000000
paid for none, got all of them from a tip behind the warehouse in a dank corner of which you've established your squat

Do want.
CRT ARCHCRT ARCHCRT ARCHCRT ARCHCRT ARCH
plenty useful for what?no storage space, no graphics, unless OP needs a grid to run some serious computing, it's of no useeven then, you'd be paying through your nose in power just to run the thing, and being 1U you'd need ear plugs to not go deafI don't care about "latest and greatest", it's just a question of common sense
At average residential power rates it would cost him ~$250 a year to operate one of those.  If he got fans for it.  Old computers had shit idle characteristics as well, so even if it was sitting there doing nothing it would be upwards of $150.They were thrown out for a reason.
I live in hipster centeral, I flip the G3's for $400 a piece.Haff harNone the less, perfectly working aluminum iMac. In a dumpster. Fucking protective sticker still on the back. Quickest $600 I ever made.Think anon, what could YOU do with that money?All ya gotta do is get pissed with the guy at your local tip and you're golden.I would, but I don't want to scratch them. The LC's arch naturally anyway.
Paid for the Macbook an the Al iMac, the rest was from the tip. I don't bother with a million computers of the same model, I tend to try and look for something unique. Certainly one of the more interesting things I pulled from the "electronics recyling" pile was an IBM RISC System/6000 with AIX installed on the hard drive. Also grabbed an Amiga 1200 and a SPARCStation 2, among other things.
CPUs don't support virtualization.basically garbage
LOOKS STOLEN
it can't play games so it's useless!$250 a yearliterally jack shit, if you enjoy it, learn from it and get some use out of it, again literally why give a shit?They were thrown out for a reason.Yeah, because they probably weren't cutting it for a large corporate network anymore, but for a home loonix server it's fine, shit doesn't really change much anymore
Actually, it was literally garbage.
Hey guys, I found a recent picture of OP.
when did I mention games?for something like a server you'd save money by buying a new build, compared to what you'd spend in power for running legacy hardwareso please enlighten me on why would someone use such hardware?
Fuck, that's the biggest giggle. The air was free, complementary of a warranty complaint. None the less, I'd like more variety, but I couldn't let these things go to waste. They're just too pretty.
You can get a dual C2Q Xeon server for $150 which actually comes with fans, two cores of which would equal the processing power of that entire stack.  If $250 a year is nothing, $150 is nothing, and it'll save you $750/yr in running 1 instead of 4.
I suppose you could repurpose the power supplies, but my guess is that even they are outdated and worthless
OP again.  If they aren't uselessly old, I think the lack of fans is probably the biggest issue.  I can put them in the lab at school and probably use them for simulations.  I've been wanting to build a cluster from bare metal to fuck around with Hadoop and R.  If I did cool shit my advisor might find some money to buy real hardware or at least buy time.
I wish I could feel that excitement when using computers
It's fun.
sure, no contest there, playing with hardware is always funjust not useful, which was my point...
yeah, great. now you just need to plug them all into the backplane. you did get the backplane, didn't you?!
3KG of copperGet fucked m8, there is probably a few hundred grams, at best.
MagnersStop drinking that piss.Bulmers is the same price in every damn supermarket and tastes all the better.But. Atleast it's not strongbow.
I flip the G3's for $400 a piece.berry nice.
You know bulmers and magners are the same company and share plants, yeah?
Are heatsinks usually solid or plated? I don't know.Coincidentally, I have 4 blueberry's kicking around.
Aye. Doesn't stop Magners tasting like piss though.
Try and look for something uniqueMass produced electronicsk anonMfw I am the problem with /g/. Oh well.
poor retards who do shit like this still live and home and have little care that they cost their parents more money on the electricity bill
ciderare you fucking 12?
what's wrong with ethanol spiced apple juice anon?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MagnersI'm actually allergic to beer, so I had to learn to like it I suppose.
Drinking alcoholLosing inhibitionsNot being in complete control of your body at all timesshiggy
this is sadly true. i used to work in at&t engineering dept. anything worth having would find a way to get taken home by an employee yes, that's definitely not how it's supposed to work, too bad. anything that ended up in the dumpsters was truly garbage.
I found a Lucent Partner phone system in a dumpster once, tossed it on eBay and made $300. shit was cash
I flip the G3's for $400 a piece.Jesus christ I pass those up at $5-$10 every day, literally how the fuckMaybe I should try and flip the Sage iMac shitbox I have sitting in my garageWhat if the cost doesn't matter? It consumes as much power as any other server does, it's just not as efficient at using it, but that doesn't make the hardware useless. It does the same shit anything else does, you can just get a little more out of newer hardware given the same amount of power.Since it's a home user, that doesn't really matter since nothing practical you'd do with one of those on a home network like a file server, though a VM server would definitely be an exception would use half the power of even older chips like this.I'd still buy a dual-quad Xeon system if I was actually looking for a server for similar reasons but I don't see why people get so fucking mad when threads like this pop up, they're probably some of the last threads about actual technology on this piece of shit board and I'm OK with being unable to mindlessly consume a little less chinese garbage in return for the learning experience and I'd rather run real enterprise hardware than some boring chinkpad or cheap walmart shitbox
here's some of the other stuff I found in that same dumpster on that same day. the printer is a Laserjet 4050 that I still use today
old laserjetsyes please
literally how the fuckMelbourne, Australia. Hipster capital of the world.Throw on the Australia tax and it makes it worth driving half way across the country to pick up 10 of the things at $5 a piece.
Nice minisports, I hope you didn't toss them.Kinda wish I'd taken my grandpa's LaserJet II before they tossed it a few years agojesus, I wonder if the hipster scene here would shell that much for some shitboxes, I was never really much for G3s
I was never really much for G3sThese days they can't do anything more than run itunes, I think most of the buyers just have them for hipster cred/decor. But hey, glass houses.
Yeah, I keep a Rev. A around as a collection piece but it's a total shitbox that sucks even at running contemporary software. Even iTunes was total ass last time I tried running it.My OC'd 400 MHz power mac is much better
Fat hands
Rev. ALucky, best I can seem to find is a B. Still, it's bloody nice.
actual technologyIt's depreciated x86 hardware.  That's it.  You're not one of those idiots who thinks "server" means "super special ultra-powerful hardware" are you?I've got a Athlon 3000+ and S939 mobo sitting 3 feet from me.  It's junk.  The only reason I keep it is I haven't felt like prying off the northbridge HSF, and I might want that.  You have what is probably eight of them, if they're even that powerful.   Without fans.  Eight times junk is still junk.If you want something just for farting around, get a Raspberry Pi
depreciatedWhile x86 processors have decreased in value, the synonym for "obsolescence" you're looking for here is "deprecated".
Holy shit. How did a warranty complaint result in a free Macbook Air?I do have to say I commend you for being able to sell those G3s for $400 a piece. You must live around some mega-hipsters. I have a Thinkpad T430 right now, had it listed at $400 for the longest time and the only bites I've had are curries trying to offer me between $200-$250. Meanwhile, there are older Macs that are either useless /  in shit condition that are selling for more. What the fuck gives?Back in High School, a friend of mine had a 600 MHz "Graphite" iMac like pic related, with the RAM upgraded to 1 GB which was a really big deal at the time and the hard drive upgraded to an 80GB 7200RPM model. It felt quite speedy compared to my Thinkpad T22, which only had 384MB of RAM, but I always thought the resolution was complete ass; whereas my Thinkpad ran at 1400x1050, the iMac's internal screen was only 800x600, and it could only drive a 1024x768 external monitor. How is it that Apple managed to give the computer such shit graphics capabilities when a laptop from the same era with less video memory and less available RAM could drive a higher resolution?
No.  Something deprecated may still have worth, such as how some people still get some use out of Failfox.    Something depreciated to the point where it is nothing but a liability is a liability.
Well, no, my car is old enough to be depreciated into nothing but it's still very useful to me.I don't think you understand the words, depreciation is about monetary value.
G3's still work pretty well for browsing given you use NoScript. Honestly the only reason I upgraded my 500MHz iMac G3 to a 1.25GHz eMac G4 was because I wanted the eMac.
Envy 11/10
my car is old enough to be depreciated into nothingNo it isn't.  You not knowing the meaning of the word seems to be problematic.
It is, they literally wont even take it for scrap because of the transport costs to the nearest scrapyard I live out in the boonies.
the iMac's internal screen was only 800x600No, your friend had the screen set to 800x600. The iMac's CRT goes up 1024x768
And?You're kinda slow, aren't you?
dumpster divingIt's like you want bed bugs
I wish people did that around here, instead they trg to sell it and think its worth something. Although picked up 2 old ass racks for 15 total
Accountant here. You literally have no idea what you are talking about; while an asset can have retirement cost liabilities associated with it, you can never depreciate an asset to become a liability. You can have a net book value of $0, but in some cases that is a pretty meaningless measurement; I've seen companies using 80-year-old buildings or 10-year-old computers that are worth nothing or close to nothing on the books, but clearly have value in use.
Reminder that deprecated != depreciatedis right about book valueProbably too outdated to be worth doing anything serious with, but you can always throw it out again later
Ah, I checked everymac, and yes it appears you are correct! It may be that he only had it set to 800x600 for CRT flickering issues. Still, 1024x768 is not great, especially considering the amount of graphics memory and main system memory available.
Where do you guys get this shit for free?  If I want to get this, I have to browse craigslist for hours and expect to spend around $20, or look around at a flea market.
that's some nice hardware, and an ass-kicking table cover too
from the dumpsterJust watch for computers and interesting shit when you see trash piles, check the occasional dumpster, schools can be nice during summer.
So what do you think depreciation means?
Dumpsters and connections.Connections as in knowing when a business/school will chuck out old machines en masse.
That's a lot of fuckin' copper
He dumped 10+ units.You know what to do.
Need to test new Ubuntu netflix libraruy.Pls Run this in your terminalffmpeg -i http://6.xhcdn.com/key=zKlYyFPnjpw,end=1433030995/data=D496C4CC/speed=150k/4026776.mp4 -c:v libvpx -b:v 0.2M -an -c:a libvorbis ~/Desktop/output5.webm And post output.Thank you.
Implying I dont know that xhcdn stands for xhamster cdnIt's gay porn, isn't it ?
Any thoughts on the Nvidia Shield Portable running a steam OS or if there is going to be a Nvidia Shield 2?
Nvidia runs their own proprietary bullshit instead of SteamOS. Just about your only hope of running Steam on that thing is if Valve updates the Steam app to include In-Home Streaming. Which they should have done ages ago, but have not.Source: I own a Shield Tablet. Selling it because it's not as good as my Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 tablet-wise, and it's not as good as my crazy, hacked-up Steam install vidya-wise.
no
Nvidia runs their own proprietary bullshitit's nearly-stock Android.
This is a much better solution than that expensive heap of shit, I can emulate everything ranging from atari to dreamcast.
There will be a Shield Tablet 2 announced soon. I seriously doubt if there will be another Shield portable.
Next-gen Shield Portable with Tegra X1 is coming soon
I don't get it. The LG G4 has less gigahertz than the G4. How is that an upgrade?
less ghz =/= worse performancestill, I don't think the g4 is worth the $400 price difference
Not octa-core?
needing more cores than your home computer to offset android lag
bait/10
using a computer dating back the stone agenot realizing in octa core phones only 4 get actually usednot realizing flagships have 1080p dispay
It upgrades your battery life
"mobile phone" spends more time plugged in than on the gostill has to resort to use computer because phone, even with all the cores, Hrtz, and bullshit, isn't a viable alternativephone actually cost more than a computerbitch, please
Vinyl noob here. I have my AT-LP60 plugged into my Yamaha CRX-332 with an aux cable. The record player is set to Line so it should sound fine but the bass kick are fuzzy and distorted. I tried using a microFidelity Amphony preamp instead of the Yamaha consul but it was far too quiet. Could somebody give me some suggestions?inb4 shitting on my record playerIt was affordable and has decent reviews
yamaha ampfrom the image your amp is inverted, you need to flip it horizontallyalso record players need some preamp shit to level out all the frequencies and shit, aux input it meant fro what a cd player or some shit? so yeah it wont sound right.older amps have a phono input or something which is set up for turntables.its all to do with the spectrum analyser stuff.
OP, listen. A preamp does NOT stand in for an amp. It prepares a low-level signal for amplification. Since your Yamaha amp does not have a phono input with built-in preamplification, you need to run the record player through the preamp then to the amp, then to your speakers.
That setup should work.  The AT-LP60 as you know has a built-in phono preamp, so as long as the toggle switch is set to "aux", it should sound fine if you plug it directly into an amplifier.At this point I would start trying to rule out hardware failures.  Use a different cable.  Plug a different source into your Yamaha.  Try using a different amplifier altogether not a preamp.  If you really want to, you could see if the built-in phono preamp on your turntable is faulty by switching it to "phono" and connecting it to a separate phono preamp if you have one you can't just use a regular preamplifier because phono preamps have special RIAA equalization.
mfw I've been calling µtorrent "youtorrent" for 6 years
I call it a shitty client
But that's what it's called ya dumb fuck
It's pronounced mew torrent you doofus.
It is microTorrent but youTorrent is not incorrect.
mfw i've been calling 4chan "fortune" for 11 years
Actually wouldn't MiuTorrent be the most correct ?Checked.
i call it utorrent
Mfw I've been calling Ubuntu "destroyed anal cavity" for ten years
mu-torrentgreek alphabet is easy
is called FBI.
nah it's microtorrent
mfw people still use utorrent
what is it? microtorrent?
I never said i use it
that one biggie song where he talks about being on fortune and it always sounds like 4chan
what is the best torrenting client
qbit or deluge
qbit/deluge in windows, tranmission/rrtorrent on anything elselurk the fuck more you retarded newfag
mutorrent.  it is letter mu.
ahahaha
Who fucking cares whats its called go back to reddit everyone in real life calls it utorrent because we arnt fucking autistic
tfw really want to change clients but my µtorrent has my 4TB lifetime seeding stats and I don't want to lose them
take a screenshot, print it and get it framed, show it to your non-existent friends and the family who don't care about you because they will at the very least pretend to care
talking about utorrent irlisn't autisticchoose one
mang i don't care about that shit it's all about mad internet credu projecting hard af
This is why I use Transmission.
dem quads tho
Torrenting Criminal scum
You know it's actually pronounced trains mission right?

Euler is actually pronounced "oil-er".
uTorrent more like jewTorrent
Actually jewtorrent.
http://i.4cdn.org/g/1432944578394.jpgOur face when youve been calling it that this whole time.
mfw I've been calling GNU gee enn you
lol what is is, "ja new"?
On Windows, it's sadly µTorrent.qBittorrent is the best FOSS client on Windows, but even then it's still the best of a bad situation.You'd think someone would make a FOSS client that looks exactly like and functions like classic µTorrent by now, but no one has.
I've always pronouced it "jiff".
Guh-new
What is Halite. not white listed on many trackers though
So has the creator, since that's how it's pronounced
it's ok, I've been calling youtube micro-tube for years to make up for it
chad
i thought it was moo torrent.
Limewire
fucking english manThough the tough cough and hiccough plough him through
μ is pronounced mi  μι  in greek. Not mew or moo or anything else .
greek letter, german namenot everyone received good education it seems
How the fuck do you pronounce AdobeAh-dhobb?Ah-dhobay?Ah-dobee?Ay-dhobb?
just went to wikipedia, it is really pronounced that way in english,holy shit hahaha
well you're speaking ENGLISH innit
yfw you thought anon wasn't a faggot for 11 years
posing as illiterate ghetto trash onlineyou sure sound like a cool guy
no one said anything about breaking lawsgo to /pol/ if you wanna discuss politics
I just call it "U, T"Off topic:Winfag here. Been using U T 1.6.1 sense 3 weeks ago... Just got Deluge. Miss ut 1.6.1 already, but not disapoint with deluge.
I always called it Puh Tay Toe.
http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/adobe
name of the song?
netcat
isn't it just "bittorrent" now?
I call it alt-230 torrent no joke
not having the µ at Alt Gr - MPlebs
So I just downloaded a fucking 4 hour long TES: 4 Oblivion torrent only to find the guy who made it had a password set up for the file extract to daemon. I saw that and went "fuck, here we go." I clicked the link in the hopes that it wouldn't be the usual infinity survey, only to find that it  was, in fact, an infinite survey loop that probably wouldnt even stop after you bought something. I am so mad right now. I want an honest, good, intelligent, criminal website to steal expensive video games off of, is that so much to ask?
Why the fuck does the world take pronunciation advice from the fucking British?
Yes I was using bittorrent but believe me I wont make that fucking mistake again.
1. They invented the language2. Cambridge actually offers both American and British pronunciation for most words, Merriam-fuckster doesn't,
Go ask for help in sqt, they can generally help with stuff like this.
not using tixatikek
not calling it yotsuba channel
Nah it's myu, bro, fuck off.
no its mycro torrent
MPS/Atletico Malmi -0.75 in kolmonen
µtorrentI really hope people know that this is LITERALLY a botnet.https://torrentfreak.com/utorrent-quietly-installs-riskware-bitcoin-miner-users-report-150306/Many users of the popular BitTorrent client uTorrent are complaining about it silently installing a cryptocurrency miner with a recent update. The Epic Scale tool, which slows down host computers, is reportedly being installed without consent and for some is particularly hard to remove.
Based Ameritards
Swtiched over to Deluge a good long while ago after years of uTorrent, and I could not have been happier with the switch.
hamburgers are LITERALLY sandwiches
being surprised about thisthat's murrican education for you
fukken sav'd for future memeing
I call it botnet
U-Torrent2.2.exeI think its okay to call it "youtorrent"
no
It's better than the opensores trash you shill.
Man, I've got friends who can barely run a computer and still use utorrent.
mitä vittua
Still using bitcoin mining software
You can't select which files you want to download before adding a torrent to Halite.  You have to add it, start it so it can download the metadata, and then pause the torrent so you can go to the files tab and manually select the files you want.I've used every FOSS torrent client for Windows and qBittorrent is the least shitty overall, but it's still not as good as what the µTorrent 2.x line was.
Same, it's the four leaf clovers
I called Lynn-Nix, Lie-Nix in a college oral presentation. I thought it was that because Linus the dude from Peanuts cartoon.
I want an honest, good, intelligent, criminal website to steal expensive video games off of, is that so much to ask?get on a private tracker moron
transmission-daemon was constantly shitting the bed on my debian boxes but deluged has been perfect since I switched, and the web UI integrates really nicely with a chrome extension on my media center box.On windows 7 that old version of utorrent was the best thing I could find, everything else would crash fairly regularly.
GANOO PLUS LEENUCKS
not calling it shi-chan
shillopen sourceyou dont know what shill means do you?
No, MüTorrent is correct
All those zipped password files are fakes. Passwording is dumb no matter where the files are uploaded but if they don't list it clearly in the description it's a fake.Get on GGn for your games like everyone else.
What is the best torrent web interfeces to run on my VPS? I've been using Transmission and it's pretty good.
Pani Poni Dash! OST
It's pretty good. I went through the whole OST collection at work.
only in ancient greek you unsalvageable pleb
I like the deluge web ui better, just a little bit more functionality but still nice and clean and simple
does the tixati logo really have a faggot pony in it?
I did this too.
What think?
it's a screenit has pretty slim bezels with matte finish
I'm thinking about getting a sandwich, actually.
I have one at work and it's great
I like this more
install gentoo
TN But anon, why.
What do Windows and OS X offer over Linux?
An Operating System
Nothing but collars, my little beagle.
Programs that don't need emulation to run properly
YOU CAN'T PLAY SHOOTAN GAMES ON THATYOU CAN'T PLAY SHOOTAN GAMES ON THATYOU CAN'T PLAY SHOOTAN GAMES ON THATYOU CAN'T PLAY SHOOTAN GAMES ON THATYOU CAN'T PLAY SHOOTAN GAMES ON THATYOU CAN'T PLAY SHOOTAN GAMES ON THAT
functionality
programs
COWADOODY ADFANCE WARFAIR
they can render fonts properly .
Supportgamesactually good, and well written, programsestablished user environment and compatibilityAnd the knowledge that you won't be grouped with a bunch of neckbeards who care about things that are irrelevant in the REAL worldOh, and automatic updates.
Job
Windows:more virusesability to play majority of gamessomewhat ease of useOSX:intuitivenessability to link other Apple prodcuts in a very useful wayease of useyeah, thats about it.
No, they can't.
Comparing OSs with a kernel./thread.
why does /g/ always full of bait?
Support.Support gives confidence to big third party devs like Adobe and Autodesk. And yes. It applies for game as well.A semi uniform platform to develop for. Once you develop for millions of people instead of a 1000, the problems that could come up with different OS compatibility if your deving for some shit like Keknux go from manageable with an Indian call service to initiate run with my dosh to the Caribbeans tier.As long as free OS can't be uniform and have good support, they'll never hard 3rd party support. Android is doing it right.Linux is doing it wrong. I strongly suspect Google could kill the miniature market share Linux has for PCs if they wished to do it. The thing is - Google doesn't give a shit.
NSA Backdoors
/thread
Useful software.
Wine is not an emulator
SupportDistros aren't supported?gamesSteam has a bunch of quality loo nucs games already and Wine allows you to run most old games without issueactually good, and well written, programsKeksimus Maximusestablished user environment and compatibilityTrue, but that's only because distros aren't as wifely adopted yetAnd the knowledge that you won't be grouped with a bunch of neckbeards who care about things that are irrelevant in the REAL worldLinux skillz get you hired dawg
I strongly suspect Google could kill the miniature market share Linux has for PCs if they wished to do it. The thing is - Google doesn't give a shit.If Chrome OS lost the chrome web app bullshit and could run native software without hacking it to pieces, I'm positive it could become a major player in the end use desktop OS world. Even in its crippled state it outstrips Ubuntu in userbase size.
Windows - gamesOSX - Something you can actually get shit done with, without wasting time on drivers or malware.
osx offers same things of linux and more.
Let's see a screenshot, bitch.
i can put nice filters on my dicks photos and draw cocks in ilustrator.Tell me how i can run solidworks and visual studio on that piece of crap, if not then it's crap.
Please don't remind me the horror of windows font rendering.
OS X is only suitable for visual artists, movie makers, music production. Windows is what the industry uses to get real work done.
Windows --- GamingOS X --- Proprietary software Photoshop, Final Cut Pro, etcHow are they going to kill an open source project? You can't just order the botnet on an operating system
Autodesk AutoCAD and Sublime Text
a non-autistic computer experience
I develop Android and iOS apps on OSX. I do it with simpler, more effective tools than I can on Windows or Linux.
SoftwareDriversA non-timesink OS.
Comparing Autocad to Solidworks huur-durrI bet you compare Matlab with Octave too don't you?
Solidworks is absent not for lack of capability, but due to current paying Solidworks customers asking for continued focus on Windows.As for VS, that'd be great if I were developing Windows-only applications, but why the hell would I want to do that? If you're a cross-platform developer, you're much better off with the native developer toolsets of OS X and Linux.
For cross platform QT is the best, C++ speed and good looking UI, it's like java done right.
Great post! :
With industry I meant the manufacturing industry which is of real importance unlike the creation of phone apps and the entertainment industry
Decent, commercially supported programs that you can use for work and making money.
Oh, and automatic updates.This is bait. Would you rather download all your updates from one trustworthy source with one command or have to deal with Adobe Flash Updater Updater Update Downloader updates every other day?
A non-timesink OS.It's not a timesink unless you want it to be, and if you do want it to be a timesink it's less of a timesink than Windows or OS X. The easy distros require no customization, and if you want customization it makes it much easier than Windows or OS X.
Eh, to a point. Qt feels good out of the box on Linux and Windows, but it doesn't feel at home on OS X without some work - for instance, Qt toolbars don't take on the appearance of native Cocoa toolbars under OS X unless the developer includes a couple of platform-specific features.In this situation I find it easier to develop Qt apps on OS X and make sure they work on it first and then do Win/Lin tweaks if necessary after.2015installing flash"Easier" is debatable. In OS X and Windows it may be more difficult to change things, but it usually only takes a single modification for the change to be global. Under Linux you have a shitload of bases to cover if you want system-wide consistency.
That's nice.If you keep viewing apps and basic server side languages as entertainment, you're in for a world of pain when they start replacing major sectors of your industry in the next few years.
It's already happening with the apps being rolled out by the Apple+IBM partnership.Also, as someone who formerly wrote desktop applications and now makes a living writing iOS apps, let me say that it is no way lesser. It's still writing with a C-family language and the platform comes with its own unique set of challenges, many of which desktop developers haven't had to think about in decades. "Writing an app" isn't just cobbling together some shitty HTML+JS+CSS, it's actual software development.
Power over the user
Don't kid yourself even at Foxconn, ASML and Intel they solely use Unix/Linux and Windows to develop the hardware for your Apple crap.
Why don't you try running a print business using anything but OSx and Windows?Utterly impossible.
People of /g/ I seek your knowledge.I want to buy a new GPU. I am currently using an AMD Radeon HD 7570 1GB. My main issue with finding a new card is that my PSU is 460w, and I don't want to replace that yet. What would be the best card I could get without upgrading my PSU?
We need to know the rest of your system in order to recommend something that wouldn't need you to buy a new PSU.
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16883155557
i'm really lost here guys, any help would be appreciated.
, 
This is /dpt/, the best subreddit of /g/computer scienceprogrammingreverse engineeringsoftware engineeringwat  a u working on, anon-chan ?
This is /dpt/, the best subreddit of /g/This meme needs to stop.
Did a bit of work on www.yellingtoilet.com but nothing terribly interesting.
A military air vehicle simulator.  Gotta make a living.And I guess some mods.
tiltrotors are the future
No old thread linkgifle reddit maymaya bunch of useless shitwat a u working on0/10 OP.Please follow the correct format.
Also I forgot to mention the faggy/!\ A L E R T /!\in the old thread: 
Dicking around with LÖVE / Lua, quite liberating after using nothing but C for years; Lua feels weird, but I like it.Dunno what I'm going to make yet, for now I'm just throwing together a 1943 clone to get a feel for things.
In C# what would baz look like in memory?struct Foo {    public int[] nums;}...Foo[] baz = new Foo[] {    new Foo { nums = new int[8] },    new Foo { nums = new int[8] },    new Foo { nums = new int[8] },    new Foo { nums = new int[8] }};
implementation defined
Just writing bots for /r/archlinux to show what a H4X0R I am.
- nums inside Foo is a reference - 4/8 bytes.- Foo is a value-type so it takes as much as its contents - 4/8 bytes.- baz is a reference 4/8 bytes contains 4 instances of value-type Foo structure 4 * 4/8 bytesInstances of classes on the other hand have some overhead to them metadata, reference counters, etc.
This is Anon, the best reddior on /g/. Anon know all the dankest memes
This.However, the indirection would probably look like this:baz - Pointer to first element, lengthElements in baz - Each a pointer to a FooFoo - Contains pointer to numsnums - Pointer to first int, length
it's c# you stupid niggerPointer to first element, lengthtop fucking kek
this, it's managed memory, asking what it looks like "in memory" is probably a clusterfuck of metadata with actual data buried somewhere deep
yes, i am a stupid nigger, so mind educating me on where i am wrong so i am less of a stupid nigger?
gay image is gayfuck off faggot
Dude, why are you even talking if you are illiterate on the subject ? no, seriously, what's the point to do that excepting for embarrassing yourself ?https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr/blob/465721555eda899a06bc91fe37bc47c0a1adbdd4/src/vm/object.h#L729
struct A{};template typename Tstruct B{    B    {    }} b;int mainint argc, char *argv[]{    bA;    return 0;}Tried to compile this in g++ with c++14What do ?
my eyesUse a real, non-meme language? Jesus christ C++ fags are fucking retards.
Starting a new job next week and need to learn C++. Any recommendations for books or anything?
Thanks. If I wanted it to be all in a contiguous block would I need a struct with 8 integers?
Absolute C++ by Walter SavitchDo the exercisesDon't ask /g/ for helpNext week you should be proficient with the basics, but if you know the basics of programming already, you should be proficient with intermediate stuff like pointers, class relationships, nodes, lists and shit
Use C faggot
Epic b8 m8If it really isn't b8 then people like you and the people stupid enough to hire you are the epitome of everything wrong with the tech industry.
Why isn't this showing me the random number in this spot in the array? I'm using C#            Random randNum = new Random;            int[,] board = new int[,] {            { randNum.Next0, 2, randNum.Next0, 2, randNum.Next0, 2 },            { randNum.Next0, 2, randNum.Next0, 2, randNum.Next0, 2 },            { randNum.Next0, 2, randNum.Next0, 2, randNum.Next0, 2 }            };            MessageBox.Showboard[0][0];im getting an error in the last line board[0][0]
Your mad :^templateclass Tclass B{B{}}b;int f{bint;}this kills the g++
Learning OCaml. It's interesting, it's like a less meme haskell
fixed wings are.as soon as we get embedded platforms fast enough and control algos that are good enough.
board[0,0]
I need help. I'm in the first year of my master's and someone just asked me how to *guarantee* that I have a continuous chunk of the heap allocated for something in C without malloc. Isn't it impossible? int A, int B may not be continuous, it's implementation definedhelp
#include iostreamtemplateclass TT b = T;struct B{    int i = 4;    B{std::cout  "AAA"  std::endl;}};int mainint argc, char *argv[]{    std::cout  "Hello"  std::endl;    bB;        return bB.i;}This runs fine on gcc, and segfaults under clang.
 I need help. I'm in the first year of my master's and someone just asked me how to *guarantee* that I have a continuous chunk of the heap allocated for something in C without malloc.calloc? Isn't it impossible? int A, int B may not be continuous, it's implementation definedIt's also not on the heap. If they're global/static, they'll be in the data or bss segment; if they're automatic, they'll be on the stack.The only standard way to get a chunk of heap is with malloc or calloc or realloc.If you don't actually care about it being on the heap, then "int a[2]" gives you two contiguous ints.
Thanks, I appreciate it. Mostly just want to get used to syntax n shit since I've never used C++ extensively before.
answer was callocwhat a funny colleague
hacking time in java
So you can kill hitler?
 reverse engineeringHah, some noob created this program in VB. Even though the disassembly looks like shit as it is all obfuscated, the moment I see DLL's like "msvbvm60" and the import table pointing to _vba_strlen, easy to decompile.
I've always wondered what is the hardest problem out there in terms of computational complexity.Are there harder problems than O2^n?
double scores = 1/n;        printf"%f\n", scores;returns 0.000000 n is an int and in this case is equal to 4. why is this happening? if you divide 1/4 you should get 0.25, and it should work since it's a double
Math.powm*c, 2I'm mad.
that unnecessary function overhead
Because integer division. 5/4 is 1 not 1.25. Convert that 1 into a float by writing 1.0 and it will cast n to float and than divide.
thanks that worksreally? i thought having the double would suffice
double1
C is not Haskell
Not at all.it doesn't look at your "double scores = " at all when evaluating the results of the right hand code.After the right side has finishes, with the result of 1 integer, it then puts that into result.
msvbvm60Jesus Christ, how old is that program?
it doesn't look at your "double scores = " at all when evaluating the results of the right hand code.oh yeah good point. thanks
No, 1.0 you fucking pleb
it's the same.
No, just 1. you fucking retard.
so much cringe in one pic
that's straight up retarded, just write 1.0d / nit achieves the same end result but it's not the same because double 1 casts an integer to a double while 1.0d is a double to start with
new language comes outit's oop
I don't understand this assembly generated by gcc for the fopen C function. # rodata section.LC0:    .string "r".LC1:    .string "test"# text sectionmovl    $.LC0, %esimovl    $.LC1, %edicall    fopenBefore those lines, it just setup the base and stack pointer. How does moving pointers to those strings place them on the stack for the fopen function?
he thinks all function arguments are on the stackFirst few arguments are put in the registers.
Your implementation of fopen probably expects its arguments to be in EDI/ESI rather than on the stack.
On*n! according to Wikipedia, the average case complexity of bogosort.
I'm making a simple GUI program for plotting weather data. I have defined a handler for the "clicked" signal of the plot button in a signal handler class in my Python program. Currently the handler reads the text from the combobox and prints it to the console.How could I read/get the text from all text boxes and the combobox with the "clicked" signal? GLADE only allows to pass only one graphical object to the signal handler. Here is my python code so far:from matplotlib.figure import Figurefrom numpy import arange, sin, pifrom matplotlib.backends.backend_gtk3agg import FigureCanvasGTK3Agg as FigureCanvasclass SignalHandler:    def onDeleteWindowself, *args:        Gtk.main_quit*args    def onPlotButtonClickedself, combobox:        print"Plot button clicked."        printcombobox.get_active_textdef main:    builder = Gtk.Builder    builder.add_from_file"weather_monitor_ui.glade"    builder.connect_signalsSignalHandler        window = builder.get_object"window1"        f = Figurefigsize=5,4, dpi=100    a = f.add_subplot111    t = arange0.0,3.0,0.01    s = sin2*pi*t    a.plott,s        canvas = FigureCanvasf    canvas.set_size_request400,300        plotbox = builder.get_object"box7"    plotbox.addcanvas        textbox = builder.get_object"entry2"        window.show_all    Gtk.main        if__name__ == "__main__":    main
The first 7 IIRC integer arguments to a function are passed in registers in x64, I think rsi and rdi would be the first which would be equivalent with esi and edi in x86.
I mean the complexity for the best solution for a given problem. Sorting is solved in Onlogn.
Are you compiling for x86 or amd64?  amd64 calling convention is different, google for system V abi amd64 assuming you're on *nix.
Okay now I'm even more confused. I thought the C calling convention required that all arguments be pushed onto the stack in reverse order before the function call.
How do I join ALL the existing threads in c++?or how do I avoid terminate called without an active exception? StackOverflow does not really helpI know where the problem comes from thanks to them, but only thing that works isthread afunction,argument;a.joinand with code like this it's slower than without threadshere simple example in fizzbuzz#include cstdlib#include cstdio#include threadusing namespace std;void fbint n {    if !n % 15 {        printf"%d fizzbuzz\n", n;    } else if !n % 3 {        printf"%d fizz\n", n;    } else if !n % 5 {        printf"%d buzz\n", n;    }}int main {    for int i = 0; i  20; i++ {        thread afb,i;        a.join    }    return 0;}if I leave the join out and start more than one thread without calling join on them I get the terminate callwhat am I missing? This feels completely retarded
You can specify which calling convention you want the compiler to use when declaring an extern function.
http://wiki.osdev.org/System_V_ABIWindows has different conventions, https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/hardware/ff561499%28v=vs.85%29.aspx
what's a good way to scan through program memory addresses while it's runningit's a little weird to see the best recommendation to be 'cheatengine', is there anything with less of a mega ep1c sk1ddy h4ck3r vibe from it?
oop more like poop
It defaulted to x86_64. I changed it to x86 and it makes more sense now. Does anyone know what the .LC0 and .LC1 directives are for? GNU as specific?
directivesIts a label anon. You can change it to .FAGGOT and it will work.
You could write the program in C and print out the memory addresses manually.
I can smell the null pointer exceptions already.
epic meme dudefor your next post are you going to write another shitty asm troll code example
O, I thought everything that started with a . was a directive, well that's what vim seems to think. I'm guessing it doesn't master as long as it is ended with a :?
Say I want a program to print some string and then another string but print that over the first string kind of moving the cursor, how would I do thatlike with string1: Hello World and string2: Hi it'd put Hillo World
No it doesn't master at all. But by convention labels beginning with a dot are temporary, generated by the compiler.
You can store the entire console buffer somewhere, clear the screen and write everything back again, but it will look jittery.A better way is to set the console cursor position before printing the second string.There is no cross platform way to do it, but under windows you have SetConsoleCursorPosition.
You could use std::future
Is there a good book that can teach me about classes? I don't get why you would make classes and not just a lot of functions.
local constant
read /proc/$pid/mem
Create type safe functions that handle a tree of any data type. Insertion, removal, balancing, all that without giving the user access to the tree you have built. The user can only insert, search and delete elements.
/dpt/, my professors have failed me, IRCs have failed me, I come to you as my last resortTo put it very briefly:class AbstractThingE extends ComparableEInterfaceA extends ComparableInterfaceAThen why does ConcreteClassE extends InterfaceA extends AbstractThingE complainthat E is not a valid substitute for the bounded parameter E in AbstractThingE extends ComparableE?Is it type erasure? I don't see how it could be that, but it's the closest reasonable explanation I can come up with.
Type safety is absolutely unrelated in this matter.The only thing OOP is good for is state encapsulation.
it's a little weird to see the best recommendation to be 'cheatengine', is there anything with less of a mega ep1c sk1ddy h4ck3r vibe from it?but cheatengine works, despite its name, or its use by script kiddies.
yeah but is it really the best tool for searching through memory addresses and quickly finding valuesif theres nothing better then i dont mind using it, but it just seems like there'd be a more legitimate program or something
I tried to get him exited for generics.
a more legitimate programA debugger
Just a note: This ungodly mess is java, of course.Please help.
for what purpose are you even doing this
class AbstractThingE extends ComparableEComparableextendsDo you even know the difference between implements and extends?
No, this is not type erasure.The signature of AbstractThing is:AbstractThingE extends ComparableEThe signature of concrete class is:class ConcreteClassE extends ComparableInterfaceA extends AbstractThingEAbstractThing expects a type E which inherits from Comparable of type E. You are giving it a type E which inherits from Comparable of type InterfaceA. InterfaceA != E.
He is using the correct keywords.Don't comment on topics you don't know shit about.
Yeah i just realized. Sorry. I was wrong. I look like an idiot now in front of everybody in this thread.
Shibayan best music for programming to.
Harnessing the meme power of "modularity" using java generics for a class.Try using implements in that context and see what happens.The problem, put in layman terms, is that E is comparable with InterfaceA, not with type E itself, right? The correction would then be to makeConcreteClassE extends ComparableE extends InterfaceA extends AbstractThingEright?
ConcreteClassE extends ComparableE extends InterfaceA extends AbstractThingENo, you can't specify bounds like that.I don't even exactly know what you're trying to do, so it's hard to come up with a solution.
J2EE bullshit nobody cares aboutProbably enterprise hello world
type safety is J2EE bullshitNo. Java 1.4 code is J2EE bullshit. I find it way easier to read type signatures like this and think about the covariances/contravariances than reading the equivalent casting code.
not listening to 20 hours of Dan Carlin's Hardcore History podcasts while programmingcasual.
I can't listen to podcasts and program at the same time. Podcasts and menial stuff yeah, podcasts and games yeah, but programming? That's a nah from me!Ideally for programming I just have a nice quiet environment and maybe some warm tea.
I think it's because a will be deconstructed when you leave the inner part of the loop it goes out of scopeSo you geti =0construct a - starts a new threaddeconstruct a - presumably calls terminate on the new threadi++etcIf you wanted to fix it, you could do something like vectorthread threads;for int i =0; i  20; i++ {     threads.emplace_backfb,i;}for auto i : threads {     i.join;}
int mainint, char **{    std::vectorstd::thread vec{};    vec.reserve20;    forint i = 0; i  20; ++i    {        vec.push_backstd::thread{fb, i};    }    forauto &thread: vec    {        ifthread.joinable            thread.join;    }    return 0;}
ah fuck I should have read all replies to the post before posting
I forgive you.
No worries - I forgot thread.joinable and vec.reserve, so you still contributed value.
The second E was supposed to be a ?, but I already tested it and it doesn't work.In short, I want ConcreteThing to accept any parameter that implements InterfaceA and that is comparable to anything which also implements InterfaceA, and I want AbstractThing to accept that as well. Any ideas?
Anyone got a good tutorial resource for writing simple parsers?
It is surprising how much traction OCaml is getting. I just started to learn it too.
I got into it after spending 6 months doing F# on a personal project.I really like OCaml.
If you're going simple then regular expressions can be useful.
Not if he wants to parse html.
I want to parse .dot format files.  Would regex be sufficient here?http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOT_%28graph_description_language%29
I still don't fully understand what you want.What about this?[/code]class AbstractThingE extends Comparable? super Eclass ConcreteClassE extends InterfaceA extends AbstractThingInterfaceAinterface InterfaceA extends ComparableInterfaceA[/code]ConcreteThing now accepts any parameter that implements InterfaceA. Because InterfaceA is Comparable, the signature of compareTo is compareToInterfaceA, which fulfills your requirement for being able to compare each E to something that implements InterfaceA.
Motherfuckerclass AbstractThingE extends Comparable? super Eclass ConcreteClassE extends InterfaceA extends AbstractThingInterfaceAinterface InterfaceA extends ComparableInterfaceA
not if you want a reliable parser that knows what to do with a broken filecome on, nigger, why act like writing a tokenizing parser is hard
This. Regex is a crutch, you should write a real parser.
Perhaps for simple ones.
I'm not acting like it's hard, I've just never written one before.  Thanks for the advice anyway.
tfw you start fleshing out your C++ code and you end up with more and more classes
I need to write classes that manage windows, input events and OGL context something like glfw. For Linux, I can use the X11 API or xcb, for Windows, I can use WinAPI, but how about OS X? Is there a library for it that works seamlessly with C++ or should I just tell people to install XQuartz and let them use the X11 implementation then?
tell people to install XQuartznever ever do this, you'll cut your install base by 9/10 or worseyou may actually be better off writing a gui layer for OS X in objective-c, afaik there are no good sepples interfaces to aqua and there may just not be any period
I think that may be it.
If you just need basic window management & GL, you might want to check out SDL2. If you need something more advanced and dont want to rewrite code consider QT or wxWidgets.XQuartz is pretty awful on OSX. If your needs are simple consider writing a frontend with Cocoa.
Nice. Generics can get complex really quickly. Sometimes I prefer Go's approach to generics - not having them at all.Please excuse me while I ascend into heaven now as I listen to my nigga Lil Wayne dropping some bars.
So how would the process look like if I wanted to write the window management in ObjC but my entire program is written in C++? What would I be searching for specifically?If you just need basic window management & GL, you might want to check out SDL2. If you need something more advanced and dont want to rewrite code consider QT or wxWidgets.I'm actually using SFML for that purpose right now but I have to drop this dependency and can't really use any of these.If your needs are simple consider writing a frontend with Cocoa.So I'd have to make my program act as a backend on OS X exclusively then make some sort of communication protocol so it can talk to that frontend? Damn, I don't think it's optimal at all.
I'm not acquainted with implementations of generics other than java's, but theirs is just awful. I mean, maybe if you're used to them they're easier to use, and they do reduce the amount of code you have to write, but I find Object + casts + instanceof to easier to follow in terms of logic. Type erasure and invariance are just such BULLSHIT.For your troubles:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ux5zHXzbmw
destroy prolog
Type erasure is barely ever an issue Only with generic arrays, basically.Java requires you to explicitly state co- and contravariances, this is the main difference to other languages that have generics and a type hierarchy not just a typeclass hierarchy like in Haskell.Explicitly stating co- and contravariances is a lot more effort than not explicitly stating them, but it does have a clear advantage. Implicitly inferring co- and contravariances results in something I call the covariance-problem.Let's have a look at this type signature.static T ListT concatList? extends T a, List? extends T bLooks harmless, right? a and b are both covariant. The type signature in Scala for concat is about the same.Harmless, but this type signature destroys the entire point of type safety when used together with type inference.Let's call the function.concatArrays.IntegerasList1, 2, 3, Arrays.StringasList"foo", "bar";This produces no compile time error. It returns a List of type Object. This should not happen, it leads to terrible accidents, similar to accidents in dynamic typing. You should not be able to concat two entirely different types and it's even more apparent in other use cases.If you mostly build your code around type inference and make this sort of mistake once then your code will still compile happily but not work as intended.If you don't require programmers to explicitly state co- and contravariances then this error can occur anywhere a function takes more than a single covariant argument and returns a generic type.Of course, if programmers do not know about this problem, then they will make this mistake in languages that require you to explicitly state co- and contravariances as well.... This should really give you a compiler warning ...
destroy the perfect declarative languageno thanks
What would I be searching for specifically?"link objective c with c++"you're welcome
Just learning C++ since I decided to take the exam on it. Coming from C I gotta say C++ feels fucking bananas. All this shit with overloading operators and shit like references which are pointers to object but kinda aren't...I guess C++ is pretty OK if you're used to it but from a pure C background it feels fucking AIDS
References are just syntactic sugar. They're pointers that you don't have to prefix with *, is all.
Yeah I realized, it's just so weird seeing all this ampersand as attribute shit rather than as an operator
Anyone know why fread won't read data into an uninitialized buffer in the .bss section? Well it says it does as it returns 4 in the below example but there is nothing in the buffer when I check its contents with gdb. It works if the buffer is initialized in the .data section. pushl $file_ptrpushl $4           # num items pushl $1           # size of itempushl $file_buffer # must be in initialized in .data section, why?call fread
read data into an uninitialized buffer in the .bss sectionUh, well, storing data isn't what .bss is for? Is the page even writable?
AH I understandsorry that I took so long to reply, had to go for a whilewill try that now, thank you
Is the page even writableI think so as if I use the read syscall on Linux it works fine.
So I guess all I can suggest is that you check that the variable you think is in .bss actually is, and that the .bss that's expanded by the linker is actually where you think it is?I mean yeah if the syscall succeeds and claims to have written data, you'd expect that data to be present. Although Linux specifically, Glibc does some funny fucking stuff these days; there's so many GNU extensions it may not be doing what you think it's doing.
Okay I'll give that a check. In the mean time, I just set up a buffer in the data section. Seems kinda pointless as that's what the bss section is suppose to do. file_buffer:    .rept 256    .byte 0    .endr
sitting in intro java class next to qt3.14put my hand on  her pants and start fondling hershe is beta nerd as fuck "anon, pls don't touch my privates"I tell her "but we're in the same class" And that's how I got fired from Stanford
I'm trying to write a prolog program that uses DCGs to generate Assembler code from Brainfuck programs which is going to be fun I guess.

Writing an open source, extensible, multithreaded clone of Dwarf Fortress in C++11.
not really since all that brainfuck does is add and substract.
If i'm making a program that doesn't have to talk to other packages would it be normal to make all methods protected?
This one is pretty stupid: I'm learning C, and I'm having trouble with this. The 'selection' is a char pointer, how do I make this thing work?while*selection  1 || *selection  7{    doShit;}
sure, why not make anyone who wants to reuse your code have to do a global search & replace on it first
be watching some harry potter movie with my cousinput my hand on her leg and start fondling hershe let out a moanwe fuck
Just make them private, inheritance is for suckers
The clue's in the name. Regular expression.DOT is not a regular language and thus REs are not a suitable tool to parse them though by all means, using an RE to extract particular features is ok.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_language
I will probably be blasted for this, but could anyone help me out? I used gjay in the past http://gjay.sourceforge.net/, but now it doesn't work anymore, it compiles successfully and runs, but it doesn't analyze songs, is unable to open external players to play songs, could anyone take a peek at the code please? I can't find another program that analyzes songs and builds consistent playlists like this one.
What do you mean?
You'll need to provide more context if you want useful help. What are you trying to do?
Remember that C uses ASCII, so 6 and 7 are not the same as '6' and '7'.
Has anybody used SpeechRecognitionEngine .NET 4.5 before? I'm playing around with it, but every time I speak a sentence, there's like four or five detections for a single word I put in as the trigger word.
you could probably just gut the interesting analysis parts out of the source and wrap your own m3u generator around themit looks like everything's inhttp://sourceforge.net/p/gjay/code/ci/master/tree/analysis.csure, it's 1000 lines of uncommented c/gtk+2.0 code, but you can probably abstract out the algorithms easily enough, i'd start at line 348have funnot as such, but my experience with the windows speech recognition api is that it's not really all that hot at actually recognizing speech correctly, and not very trainable besidesyou might do better with dragon dicks tation, i hear that has a python apialternatively, if all you're having trouble with is that it triggers correctly multiple times on a single input, debounce isn't all that hard to implement
If only I had the knowledge to that, unfortunately I don't know jack shit on c, so this seems a bit too heavy to start on it.
here's the function that implements the actual analysis algos, and it even cites sourceshttp://sourceforge.net/p/gjay/code/ci/master/tree/analysis.c#l567yeah it's not simple, especially in this implementation, but the sources might be easier to understand i haven't looked
I'm thinking about instead of having a trigger word that I'll just capture the whole sentence spoken and parse the sentence to see if the trigger word is in the captured sentence. I looked over the Dragon stuff, but this is just for fun and not a serious development project. I'm having troubles looking up debounce, do you have a link to it somewhere?
this sounds like a bad approach to me, what are you actually trying to do?debounce is super simple, it's just a matter of catching the event you want to debounce and only doing the related thing once
writing an open source,This isn't a 'feature' of your project, faggot.
Considering  df isn't OSS,  yes it is.
Why even bother? You won't do it right.
script kiddie confirmed
can someone help me generate a random number in haskell? i thought this shit was supposed to be easy i tried: randomValue = randomRIO 1,4but when i compile i get this error:http://p.pomf.se/7739is it because im not declaring the type of the variable?
 I want to parse .dot format files. Would regex be sufficient here?You can describe individual tokens using regex, and that's how tokeniser generators such as lex do it. But you don't want to be tokenising by trying each regex in turn.And you can't write a regex which will match a complete statement because statements can nest arbitrarily subgraphs.Either find an existing parser, learn how to use lex+yacc, or learn how parsers work LALR1 and all that so that you can write one that's not completely atrocious parsers written by people who never bothered to learn the theory invariably are.
randomValue - randomRIO 1, 4
What I'd like to do is speak to the program and when it sees a trigger word in my sentence, it would respond based on the trigger word in my sentence. So if I said "I wonder what the weather is like now?" it would see the trigger word "weather" and do some stuff. As it stands now, when I speak it likes to fire off several times and in the middle of the sentence. I'd rather have it perform the action when the sentence is complete. That's why I thought capture the whole sentence and parsing it would be a better approach. I don't think it's because of the way I speak General American accent which is causing the event to be fired off several times in one sentence.
now im getting parse error on input '-'i looked it up and apparently it has to do with indentation, but there are literally no indents in my code
Could you post your code?Also, do you already know about do notation?
well, sentence completion is probably a separate eventi'm guessing you've got something like "recognition started", "recognition complete", "utterance started", "utterance complete" events, or something like thatso when you get the utterance start event and you know you're listening to something, you catch "recognition complete" events and identify the words they recognized, and then on "utterance complete" you dispatch on the recognized word to invoke whatever behavior you've bound to itotoh it looks like the api is based around recognition grammars, which may be a problem since it doesn't seem to have reliable/any end-of-utterance detectionyou may have an easier time if you extend the grammar to include discrete "begin command" and "end command" phrases, so you could say something like "[ok computer], tell me about the weather, [thank you]" and use the bracketed phrases as stand-ins for beginning and end of utterance events
import Data.Listimport System.Random-- Texas Holdem Dealingmain = putStrLn randomValue-- Valuesvalues = ["Ace", "2", "3", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", "9", "10", "Jack", "Queen", "King"]suits = ["Hearts","Clubs","Spades","Diamonds"]-- PairingrandomSuit = randomRIO 1,4randomValue - randomRIO 1, 4yes i do, you have a do "block" that you use indents for since braces arent a thing in haskell
That's probably where I'll end up. I suppose there's a reason why Google/Apple/Microsoft always has an initiation command for their speech programs. Thanks for the input and guidance.
Well thanks to another thread, I finally finished up my data to image program, and it has reversing, too. otherwise, it would be pretty fucking useless.I'm pretty sure you can get the data out by using ImageMagick and -:rgb or whatever the command is.This block of data is supposed to be a .jpg file.If someone could test that and post the resultant jpg, that'd be nice.
Okay, try writing some type signatures:import Data.Listimport System.Randommain :: IO main = putStrLn randomSuitvalues :: [String]values = ....suits :: [String]suits = ....randomSuit :: IO IntrandomSuit = randomRIO 1, 4-- putStrLn :: String - IO -- randomSuit :: IO IntSo, here we have two problems:- putStrLn expects an String, but we have an kind of Int- if we were able to turn IO Int into IO String, we would still have a problem: putStrLn wants a String, but we have an IO String an impure string, whose evaluation could launch the missiles.First, we can convert stuff to String by show'ing it:putInt :: Int - IO putInt x = putStrLn show xThen take a look at the Monad typeclass:= :: a - IO b - IO a - IO bIf a = Int and b = ,= :: Int - IO  - IO Int - IO So we can give it our putInt and have it print our random value:main :: IO main = putInt = randomSuitActually, there's a more general version of putInt, it's just print:main :: IO main = print = randomSuit
That's suspiciously grayscale for raw data in rgb format, isn't it?
You'd think so, but that's how it werks, my man.
Hey /g/, I've been doing the Ulam spiral program from the /g/ programming challenges. First I used a multidimensional vector to store the image in memory, but I couldn't make a 10001×10001 image that way, as I ran out of RAM chrome was hogging it up btw.It was also slow, as it used a function to check whether a number is a prime, instead of using a sieve it took 1 minute and 7 seconds to create the 5001×5001 image; it takes 3.5 seconds to write the image to the disk, so the prime checking took more than a minute, while the sieve of Eratosthenes does it in 1 sec.My new plan is, obviously, to do it using a sieve: write all black pixels to the hdd, then change the ones that are primes to green. The problem is that it would change about 5,762,536 random bytes as they are in a spiral, while the image is stored in a more linear fashion on the disk for the 10001×10001 image. My question is this: will this fug up my hdd?pic related, and yes, I did check if it is correct.
Algebra: solve 2 * 2 linear equations You can use Cramer’s rule to solve the following2 * 2 system of linear equation:ax + by = ecx + dy = fx =ed - bfad - bcy =af - ecad - bcWrite a program that solves the following equation and displays the value for x and y:3.4x + 50.2y = 44.52.1x + .55y = 5.9Programming Exercises 31
As a bonus, opening it in photoshop reveals the true colors. It's like an illusion, sort of.
Display three messages Write a program that displays Welcome to Java,Welcome to Computer Science, and Programming is fun.
will this fug up my hdd?nah
yeah I got kind of lazy for the type declarationsusing the code you gave me makes it work, thank you anon but im still confused as to what = actually does. does it take our weird IO string and turn it into an actual integer?
I've seen the flight code for military drones.  The hard part isn't getting embedded platforms to be fast enough.  Fixed-wing avionics and flight controls, however, are very hard to do with micro-size craft.  Especially since any kind of air pressure gradient will throw the plane for a literal loop since it would be so light.
meant IO int, sorry
No, in general you can't turn an IO something into a something. That's what allows Haskell remain pure impure things can't escape the IO monad. However, if a function already does impure things i.e. it returns an IO something, if it expects a whatever, = lets you feed it an IO whatever.apply :: a - b - a - bapply f x = f xapplyIO :: a - IO b - IO a - IO bapplyIO f x = f = xIt's pretty much function application for impure values again, it's actually more general, but you'll see it when you get to Monads.
I have a web page where users have to log in. I manage sessions by generating a very long string of random numbers, as well as hashing the ip address and the user agent. I save those values in a table. The string of random numbers is returned as a cookie to the user. When the user loads the page, I check for the session cookie and hash to confirm their identity.Is this safe? What does state of the art session management look like? If it helps, I'm using PHP.
epic!!! Kung Fury
Sum the digits in an integer Write a program that reads an integer between 0 and1000 and adds all the digits in the integer. For example, if an integer is 932, thesum of all its digits is 14.
ah okay, that's a great explanation anonthank you so much again!!
What does state of the art session management look like? If it helps, I'm using PHP.as long as your cookies only go over https sockets, you're fineotherwise, you're fuckedthat's basically all you need to know
i've been doing this bullshit professionally for 6 years and i still get a tiny rush of "wow i'm cool" every time i find a good place for ?: operatoris that wrong
Let's say i have a collection of strings in java.CollectionOne;CollectionTwo;Collection 1 has the values "Hello, ","world"Collection 2 has the values "Hello,", "! "How do i merge these two collections into a single collection? I want to subtract "Hello," from collection 1, and create a collection 3 that has the values "Hello,","world","!"
here's it in es6 u assvar sumofdigit = i = i.toString.split''.mapx = x * 1.reducex, y = x + y
Would be better to accumulate the pixels you need to green and then write them all at once.Disk IO gets expensive with call volume, so if you are doing 1 write per green pixel you're going to be waiting a long time.
function sumdigs str { return str.split''.reducefunctionm, n { return parseIntm, 10 + parseIntn, 10 } };yesthe ternary operator rapidly becomes a readability disaster, it's fine if the latter operands are constant or var names and the first one's a simple conditional, but otherwise it turns into a clusterfuck fast.mapx = x * 1wew lad
in C# you'd just doCollectionOne.ConcatCollectionTwo.Distinct// -- ["Hello,", "world", "!"]
main = print . getSum . foldMap Sum . read . pure = getLine
Can't use c#, it's for the company i work in, they use java =/
Serious question here. What is peoples problem with oop? I find it to be very helpful.
Nothing, it's just an approach to a problem. Won't make your program better or worse. If you like it use it.
The majority of production code that uses it was learnt in the same way that agile is used now: forced on undertrained developers.There's nothing inherently wrong, it's just so commonly badly applied that people have simply started shying away from it.

Where would it be applied well and where would it be a mistake? I only use objects where a function doesn't do.
CollectionOne.removeAllCollectionTwoCollectionOne.addAllCollectionTwo
Can't use c#, it's for the company i work in, they use java =/it's for the company i work infor the companyi work inhahaha nigger just admit you're asking /g/ to do your homework for you you lazy fuckwhy do you think you've seen solutions in haskell, c#, and two flavors of javascript but nothing in javaPROTIP: we're smarter than youPROTIP: that's why you're herePROTIP: post pics and area code, maybe i'll do your homework for you if you're cute and willing to come give me a good blowie
Yeah that's my problem. The thing is that if I wanted to write them sequentially, I'd have to store all primes found in memory, compared to only having to store up to the square root of max it is necessary for the sieve, however I can write each prime to the disk the time it's found, so I can discard it. Also I'd first have to replace every number with it's address because of the spiral thingy, then sort millions of elements. I guess I'll try writing to the disk directly, if that's too slow, I'll try something else.
I don't get why it is safer than normal functions? Wouldn't you have it in one file anyway?
People pretending to be smart are scared of it because they can't understand how it works.
Thanks
dependency to basically everythingAbsolutely disgusting. I guess that's why I always opt to use model-view-presenter pattern when making something interacting with a user.
And people that are actually smart stay away from it because they know that pure OOP is the devil.
No they are just unemployed or old geezers that never learned to adapt.
You know that everything is shifting towards functional programming right now, away from OOP, correct?
Yeah, COBOL is totally hot right now.
What?
Its not just about safety and state encapsulation, its about clean code as well. Inheritance is amazing with complex projects.
I'm learning python 3 and I already found something I can't understand.In my project directory, I have a subdirectory "lib" that cointains a file called "ExistenceChecker.py" and empty file called "__init__.py".ExistenceChecker.py:class ExistenceChecker:    def checkcid:        return cidNow I want to import that file, but if I import it like this:from lib import ExistenceCheckerI get TypeError: 'module' object is not callable whenever I try ti instantiate that class. However, if I import it like this:from lib.ExistenceChecker import ExistenceCheckerIt works. So, what's up with that?
Try to be less obvious about your unemployed status. There is no move away from the big popular languages. What some shitty web site designing firm is doing to increase their hipster points is not a sign of what's actually happening.
Still working on my multi-threaded work. Trying to figure out why processes take so long on my virtual Ubuntu.
Inheritance is amazing with complex projectsYou know that exactly the opposite is true, right?Inheritance is terrible for complex architectures, but okay-ish for simple ones.
No, there is no move away from the big popular languages, that's why the "big popular languages" are shifting towards functional programming as well. C++ 14, LINQ, Java 8, Javascript, ...
The OS will buffer the writes anyways, and the kernel is much better at I/O scheduling than you could ever hope to be.  The main issue with such an implementation is going to be system call overhead, since you're presumably seeking past all the holes thwarting any buffering your I/O library might attempt.
Is pygame worth learning?I wanted something to work on that would give me more experience, but is there something more worth the time and more useful?
https://bitbucket.org/Tetsumi/drawbench
Can someone explain what J2EE is in a nutshell.
so let's say I got an std::string which include utf8 characters from what I understand each letter covers two characters. How do I get a single utf8 letter out of that string?
...each letter covers two characters..dum
from what I understand each letter covers two charactersno
I'm confused about this whole thing. It's in an std::string which have characters of type char, right? Hence each letter covers two characters
UTF-8 characters can be up to 4 bytes long.
Adding features to a language != everything is shifting to functional programming. Stop being so fucking retarded. Many companies in the first place still use over 3 generations old specifications of the language anyway.
ohBut how do I get a single utf8 letter out of it?
You get another library to do it
usually most applications load up UTF8 text, but then convert it to a fixed-width character encoding internallywith UTF8 accessing things is On, as you can't determine where shit is
Your point? The original claim was essentially that nothing but OOP matters in the business world. That is not true. A lot of code is still procedual. A good deal of code is OOP, and functional code is becoming more popular. OOP has its place, but not considering it to be the best paradigim available does not mean that you failed to adapt. In fact, your argument supports that claim for OOP, not for people that dislike OOP: "Many companies in the first place still use over 3 generations old specifications of the language anyway."
A lot of code is still procedual.legacy. all new stuffs since 20-15 years are made with oop.
Learning about monads. Am I doing this right?-- | A database transactiontype Transaction = ReaderT Connection IO-- Inserts two new foo objects and returns the list of foo objectsmain = runTransaction "database" $ do    insertFoo Foo "biz" "baz" "bar"    insertFoo Foo "fizz" "buzz" "boo"    selectFoosrunTransaction :: String - Transaction a - IO arunTransaction database f =    withConnection database $ \conn - do        execute_ conn "PRAGMA foreign_keys = ON;"        withTransaction conn $ runReaderT f conninsertFoo :: Foo - Transaction IDinsertFoo foo = do    conn - ask    liftIO $ ...selectFoos :: Transaction [Entity Foo]selectFoos = do    conn - ask    liftIO $ ...
all new stuffs since 20-15 years are made with oop.If only you knew how wrong you were.
Yes
PRAGMA foreign_keys = ONSQLite drove me up the wall the last time I used it before I figured out I needed that.
all new stuffs since 20-15 years are made with oop.Oh, how delusional you are.All three paradigims have their place, as I said.Overusing OOP will result in worse code. A lot of C++, Java and C# code is OOP, that is true.Anywhere outside of these languages functional programming is becoming more popular and multi-paradigim languages are starting to replace pure OOP languages.
I am learning haskell right now and need some simple tasks to practice, any advice?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R%C3%B6varspr%C3%A5ketTranslate to and from the rövarspråk
You could also write a lifted version of execute_:executeT_ query = liftIO $ execute_ $ ask * pure queryNow, you can just insertFoo = do    executeT_ "some query"
Will Visual Studio 2015 RC get an update to the full version or is it going to be a complete reinstall?
it'll be Office 2010 Beta all over again
Your point? The original claim was essentially that nothing but OOP matters in the business world.Well it's what fucking matters and happens naturally when you are programming in a team. That is not true. A lot of code is still procedual. No shit I have worked with fortan77 code intended for use in nuclear power plants. It's called legacy code which around 99% of the code you will work with will be. Unless you get a job in the transportation sector like trains where you pretty much reinvent the wheel for each project due to safety classification and never being able to reuse requirements A good deal of code is OOP, and functional code is becoming more popular.I must have missed something during my stay at over 40 different companies of various sizes but nowhere was functional programming ever even being discussed. I'm a consultant so I will naturally work at lot of different companies. OOP has its place, but not considering it to be the best paradigim available does not mean that you failed to adapt. No you are probably just a web dev trying to get a job at google or something. In fact, your argument supports that claim for OOP, not for people that dislike OOP: "Many companies in the first place still use over 3 generations old specifications of the language anyway."My point is that a vast majority of companies don't switch to the newest shiniest thing as soon it's available refuting your point that everyone are moving to functional programming. It clearly shows you have zero work experience.
It's easy.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8#DescriptionI implemented it last year for a small DOS program of mine to see how DOS programming was back then. I was very bored at work.It's missing lots of checks and stuff, but, well, that was for fun.please don't bully//Converts an UTF-8 encoded string to an UTF-16 stringunsigned char* utf8ToUniunsigned char* utf, unsigned char* uni{    short unicode = 0;    int charCount = 0;    int i = 0;    int j = 0;    int curChar = 0;    unsigned char mask1st = 0xFF;    unsigned char maskOthers = 0x3F; // 00111111b    whileutf[curChar] != '\0'{        unicode = 0;        charCount = 0;        whileutf[curChar]  charCount & 0x80 == 0x80 charCount++;        //We don't support UTF-8 codepoints of more than 3 bytes because fuck that        ifcharCount  3 return 0;        ifcharCount != 0{            mask1st = mask1st  charCount + 1;            unicode = mask1st & utf[curChar];            fori = curChar; i  curChar + charCount; i++{                unicode = unicode  6 + maskOthers & utf[i];            }        } else {            unicode = utf[curChar] & 0x7F; //ASCII chars            charCount++;        }        curChar += charCount;        uni[j+1] = unicode  8;        uni[j] = unicode;        j = j+2;    }    return uni;}
functional programming is becoming more popularcitation needed because that's not what i see.
Oh, how delusional you are.Nope, all the relevant stuffs is oop.
This guy has a different opinion!? Whatever, he must be a shitty web dev with no work experience.Alex, I'll take "Ad hominem" for $500.
I'm still confused.A library I uses returns characters in an std::string in utf8 format apparently. Comparing them to "normal" strings works well but when I get say, the first exact character it's not the character I expectfrom what I understand, I'm only getting 'part' of a letter encoded in utf8.Note that when I attempt to print the string I get a seg fault now. something's fucked.
Just delusional students.
Quite a few jobs use C, still, so non-OOP is, by definition, still relevant.Functional languages, though?  Fuck no.
Oh wait never mind it didn't seg fault the program just ended normally
Well it's what fucking matters and happens naturally when you are programming in a team. Not every job is an OOP job. Take a look at job offerings on SO.No shit I have worked with fortan77 codeNobody cares. C is still used incredibly widely. Anything low level is done in C, a shit load of new projects as well. No legacy.more about your irrelevant lifeAs I said, take a look at the current job offerings.No you are probably just a web dev trying to get a job at google or something. This line lacks an actual argument to reply to.refuting your point that everyone are moving to functional programmingNobody said that "everyone" is moving to functional programming. I'll repeat it again: OOP is not the only paradigim being used, procedual programming is still popular and the trend is currently moving away from OOP and towards functional programming. This doesn't mean that OOP will die out or that OOP is less popular than functional programming, just that it's losing popularity for new projects.The fact that one dislikes OOP or doesn't use it does not mean that this person is backwards or failed to adapt.
You should convert all of your stuff to UTF-16 anyway. UTF-8 is good for input/output to and from a file storage but not really for string manipulation because it's variable length.
No he has an opinion that doesn't align with reality. He's either a web dev or still in school.
Native stacktrace:        .apt/opt/mono/bin/mono [0x4f9e18]        .apt/opt/mono/bin/mono [0x56113e]        .apt/opt/mono/bin/mono [0x468ec8]        /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so.0+0x10340 [0x7f3ea87bd340]        .apt/opt/mono/bin/mono [0x4f5d86]        .apt/opt/mono/bin/mono [0x4f9290]        .apt/opt/mono/bin/mono [0x55f549]        [0x41f0213b]Debug info from gdb:=================================================================Got a SIGSEGV while executing native code. This usually indicatesa fatal error in the mono runtime or one of the native librariesused by your application.=================================================================thanks for the helpful error message, mono
They don't understand that it's software engineers who rules in the enterprise and none of them are functional friendly.Quite a few jobs use C, still, so non-OOP is, by definition, still relevant.C, still, so non-OOPlel, you just embarrassed yourself. C and OOP are not exclusive, OOP is a data abstraction technique. You have object oriented programming languages like c++ or java but that doesn't mean you can't do oop with the non OO prog. languages. For example, Linux is written in C and still heavily relies on OO design patterns.
Is Ruby even worth learning instead of Python, or is it just relegated to Rails? I'm assuming Python has far more libraries and other development tools
For example, Linux is written in C and still heavily relies on OO design patterns.Most C code does however not do this, simply because the area of application isn't optimal for OOP.It might be for kernels Even though Stallman claims the opposite, but most areas C is used in do not make use of it.
That neck-beard is programming on a  Commodore 64.http://www.twitch.tv/sosowski
ruby's useful if you want to do sysadmin work, a lot of modern devops tools are written in it
Not every job is an OOP job. Take a look at job offerings on SO.Did I ever fucking say that mister "everyone are shifting to functional programming"? Don't you have a fizzbuzz to write in Haskell or something?Nobody cares. C is still used incredibly widely. Anything low level is done in C, a shit load of new projects as well. No legacy.Guess what no one cares about functional programming. Way to prove my point. Oh and no hardly everything low level is done in C. If it is done in C you most likely have a 200 pages coding guideline document and constant time consuming code reviews. Which is why companies often roll their own languages for such things. As I said, take a look at the current job offerings.I did and it's mostly web frontend offerings. Why would I want to be an underpaid developer that risk having their job being outsourced to India? the rest is more about your irrelevant lifeI can also play this game.
Here, no more excuse for learning rubyhttps://www.bloc.io/ruby-warrior/#/
So faggots I'm currently installing Ubuntu on my microsd card to use on my tablet because Win 8 sucks dick.Still can't believe that so much stuff fits onto such a small thing.
what a waist of time
No one cares aboutFPRolles their ownlanguagesHeard ofthis thing called a compiler, heard of a DSL..Yeah, they're mostly written in FP these days.
This is the exact reason I quit CS last year. I almost thought I was crazy but I see I'm not alone. Thank you.
and those are doing a game for NEShttp://www.twitch.tv/morphcatplayable here: http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-32/?action=preview&uid=26399
Which is why companies often roll their own languages for such things.do you honestly believe that a company that specializes in embedded development would roll out their own language instead of C with a non-optimizing compiler for the processor they are using?
funny story last night I was bored and did the same thing sort ofa program that reads its own source file and translates it to an image then reverses it and saves the source file in another location
Why ?
You are cute anon. At least you are trying really hard. One day you also might get a job and get out in the real world. Then you will realize how shit actually works outside your comfy github community.
Why assembly?  I though the devs for nes games used C
nes games were made in assembly, cpu was too slow and compilers not good enough at optimizing. even on the super nes, games written in C are rare actually, the only one i know is DOOM which had some parts written in C due being a portage from PC.
I have worked with several such companies. The common denominator is safety classed code where organization like TÜV have to certify the entire work process. Though these compilers often just compile their own code into C code that in turn is compiled with a certified version of the compiler.
Assembly? So far he's been very slowly programming in python
thanks, cool taskisConsonant :: Char - BoolisConsonant c = c `elem` "qwrtpsdfghjklzxcvbnmQWRTPSDFGHJKLZXCVBNM"toRovarsprak :: String - StringtoRovarsprak "" = ""toRovarsprak s    | isConsonant start = start:'o':start:[] ++ toRovarsprak tail s    | otherwise = start:[] ++ toRovarsprak tail s    where start = head s
Weird. All the Java and C# jobs in my area have an "interest for functional programming with languages such as ..." as requirement.
x!D
Not at all unless you are new to the internet. You do know those listings are targeted?
"What programming language is this?6502 assembly for the NES. Yes, this will be an actual NES game that runs on the real console.If you see python on stream, it's probably for the converter scripts that help us transform sprite and map data into an efficient, assembly-readable format."
Friends of mine that are all working in different companies that produce military hardware are only working with C, not with their own languages. Having an extra compiler just increases insecurity and the rate of possible bugs and unexpected compilations in regards to execution speed.
You do know those listings are targetedNo, I am fairly certain that non-digital job offerings are not targeted through your interests on the internet.
You'd think that more programmers and engineers would realize that you're supposed to pick the correct tool for the job.  Some tasks need OOP, some need FP, some need the simple predictability of C, some require an Indian dude on a phone line, etc.Where does all this language dick-waving come from?
that's OS-dependent. the stealthiest way is a kernel module/driver.
We're discussing this from a programming point of view, not from a management point of view. If you always discussed things from a management point of view then there wouldn't be a discussion at all - you'd just always stick to the same, established, cheapest tool, which would eventually result in no progress ever happening.
Yeah I saw the description, there's just a lot more python than the title would suggest
Does that somehow change dependencies? Maybe I'm thinking about this wrong, but having a lot of dependencies is normal isn't it?
Friends of mine that are all working in different companies that produce military hardware are only working with C, not with their own languages.That's not the embedded market. That's the defense industry. What languages are popular in the defense industry varies greatly between countries. I myself has worked on a fourth gen fighter jet training simulator and it was written in Java. Additionally Ada is quite popular too in weapon systems in my country of birth. Outside multinational weapon programs I have no experience due to obviously not having clearance level for secret stuff in those countries. Having an extra compiler just increases insecurity and the rate of possible bugs and unexpected compilations in regards to execution speed.Well you are wrong. TÜV does not agree with you and they have given the OK for several SIL-2 classed software using this work method.
At 1 byte per cell, 10001 square is perfectly viable in RAM it's around 100 MB. Even less if you use one bit per cell.If you're trying to do it with JS/Python/etc lists, that's going to hurt; use a raw byte array e.g. Uint8Array in JS, bytearray in Python.Creating the spiral in RAM then copying it to disk will be much more efficient than trying to sequentially write a spiral to disk. And less wear on the disk.
TÜV does not agree with you and they have given the OK for several SIL-2 classed software using this work method.I frankly don't care who doesn't agree with me.Please ellaborate how an extra compiler and a self made language improve security.
Miami.
Are you the guy from the other thread?
If you're trying to do it with JS/Python/etc lists, that's going to hurtOh shit, forgot to mention I'm using c++At 1 byte per cellI was retarded and I used four bytes per cell, even though 1 bit per cell would have been enough, as I struggled a lot to make the bmp, and forgot to optimize it. That way it would have hogged up 400 megabytes.Creating the spiral in RAM then copying it to disk will be much more efficient than trying to sequentially write a spiral to disk. And less wear on the disk.I just wasn't sure whether it's easier to sort it in ram I couldn't come up with a way where you wouldn't have to sort/seek a lot or to copy it to the disk randomly. It's been rendering the 10001×10001 image for 45 mins now, so I guess that answers my question...Thanks for your input.
I want to use Ubuntu on my tablet Medion Akoya, but after I installed that on my microsd, it doesn't show up on the boot menu. Meh.The USB-stick shows up though, I think I'm gonna drop Win 8 completely, no dualboot, and install Ubuntu directly onto the table.Fucking piece of shit Win 8, I'm so sick of it.
More idiomatic:toRovarsprak :: String - StringtoRovarsprak "" = ""toRovarsprak x:xs    | isConsonant x = x:'o':x:[] ++ toRovarsprak xs    | otherwise = x:[] ++ toRovarsprak xs
an entire industry that has decades long experience doing this shit is wrong because I say soAre you autistic or something? But you could start reading some of the international standards published by International Electrotechnical Commission. In short a specific version of every tool used to create the software has to be certified. Less than 5% of your time will be spent coding when working with software that is safety classed.
 because it's variable length.So is UTF-16. And in a sense, so is UTF-32; even though it's always one word per Unicode codepoint, it's not necessarily one codepoint per "character" due to composing characters.For any significant text processing, you end up needing to maintain indices. Even if you can rely upon a character being a fixed size, words, lines, paragraphs, etc are variable size.Usually, the best representation is whatever lets you pass pointers to whatever APIs you're using. If the API wants UTF-8, keep your text in UTF-8, and maintain a btree for mapping character indices to/from byte indices.
No, he's not me
I am asking for an explanation, not for a pointer to some standards you presumably haven't even read yourself.In short a specific version of every tool used to create the software has to be certified.This does not explain why an extra compiler is needed. Using a single certified compiler is enough, why would you have a certified compiler on top of a custom language with another certified compiler?Can you explain why a custom language and an extra compiler on top of another compiler improve security or are you just parrotting shit?
Looks like he responded before I could.
x86 is to CPUs as Y is to GPUsPlease fill in the blank, I want to become an ebin GPU hacker
GPUs don't have a shared arch/ISA in the same way CPUs do.
GLSL?I'm not sure you can make that kind of comparison though.
glsl and i think vulkan introduced a new standardized IL.
thanksfromRovarsprak :: String - StringfromRovarsprak "" = ""fromRovarsprak x:'o':y:xs    | isConsonant x && x == y = [x] ++ fromRovarsprak xs     | otherwise = x:'o':[] ++ fromRovarsprak y:xsfromRovarsprak x:xs = [x] ++ fromRovarsprak xs
this  to 
 Can you explain why a custom language and an extra compiler on top of another compiler improve security or are you just parrotting shit?Not who you're replying to, but ...All languages are imperfect, including whichever one ends up getting compiled to object code. There are limits to what you can express with the language's data types and programming constructs, and limits to the ways in which you can extend the language to meet your requirements.So you often end up mentally compiling higher-level idioms into whatever the target language actually supports. If you do enough of that, replacing mental compilation with machine compilation can remove a major source of potential human error. It also allows you to implement checks which aren't possible once the high-level idioms are translated to a lower-level language.
I generally agree with you, but secure low level code usually doesn't allow for a lot of abstraction, mainly because security is not only affected by human error, but also by runtime determinism and efficiency in regards to reacting to effects from the outside like being able to shut down really quick. Obviously there is an optimum between these two opposing effects, but I still think that it'd probably easier to reach that optimum with an established, widely tested language need to be more secure than C? Use Ada for instance instead of your own.
The extra compiler isn't necessary just a popular solution. You could have a runtime interpreting your code or roll your own compiler. It's however popular to compile your standards compliant code to C for portability between various operating system and embedded hardware. Rolling your own compiler in this case is very expensive since the hardware/software you are using will reach end of life.Safety classed software usually follow a standard that says you need to use a specific language like FBD or ST to actually be standards compliant. If you don't use one of these languages you have to certify your work method and the language yourself producing even more documentation. Let's just say TÜV and similar organization are quite expensive. Yes you can use C and I have used it in these projects because it was the only method to write a certain components. As an example I wrote a 100 line C solution that required a 5 day long inhouse review involving 4 people. The guideline were over 200 pages long with over 400 points that had to check out.
those are languages, not CPU architectures.
are there any good books/articles regarding communication protocols and how to design them?making a shitty employer record where an employee can login from a client and browse information about other employees but im kinda stumped on how to transfer said data "on demand" instead of just downloading a fuck huge chunk of data at startup
http://blog.erratasec.com/2015/03/x86-is-high-level-language.html#.VWog_5QvBIc
I assumed the guy was referring to x86 asm as opposed to the x86 architecture.
x86 machine-code is now a "high-level" language.x86 machine-code != x86
is this web related? Read up about making REST API's. Downloading a shit ton of data on login is fine, if that's what you need. It's not uncommon.
GLSL defines a set of operations and registers.
Why not write a program that checks your C code for standard compliance instead of writing an entirely new language which properly needs standardization as well that compiles into standard compliant C?
if you're using Javascript than look up Meteor. Shit is so based
That's great. So so lots of languages.
is this shit being used by anyone these days? I saw it years ago, the concept seemed overkill.
 but secure low level code usually doesn't allow for a lot of abstraction, mainly because security is not only affected by human error, but also by runtime determinism and efficiency in regards to reacting to effects from the outside like being able to shut down really quick. You are wrong because you have not worked with safety classed code. Typical fail safes include redundant computers executing the same code in case the other one crashes. If both computers crash a dumb hardware solution consisting of relays or similar will physically break connections to engines and power source etc. SIL-2 classed software allows one fatal failure every 100000 years or so. Obviously there is an optimum between these two opposing effects, but I still think that it'd probably easier to reach that optimum with an established, widely tested language need to be more secure than C? Use Ada for instance instead of your own.There are already recommended languages. Some keep using their own language they rolled a long time ago and certified.
I find meteor to be way too 'magic' for my liking.
Typical fail safes include redundant computers executing the same code in case the other one crashes.Depends what area we are talking about. I am talking about shit like submarines, where this doesn't hold true, but I can see where you are coming from.
I use it personally, idk if it's still relevant. But it's great what you can do with it OOTB, like user creation and sign in what do you mean anon?
Why not write a program that checks your C code for standard compliance instead of writing an entirely new language which properly needs standardization as well that compiles into standard compliant CBecause they are already using a language they certified long ago or implemented one of the reference languages from the standard. Your tool would require an expensive certification process that probably give no advantage given that these standards often have "the code must be able to be read and understood by a chimpanzee" clauses. C doesn't fit there.
I don't understand how it works, so I dislike it. :plus, a fucking web framework getting $20 million in funding? what the fuck
"the code must be able to be read and understood by a chimpanzee" clausesDo these clauses only apply to runtime code or do they apply to code that prevents errors at compile time as well?
Depends what area we are talking about. I am talking about shit like submarines, where this doesn't hold true, but I can see where you are coming from.I have never worked on submarine technology so I can't comment. I guess they mostly are military hardware so international safety standards probably don't apply. I'm quite certain they have PLCs supervising the hardware in case the software screws up. It's typically not a good thing when a PLC have to intervene because it often means something will break.
client subscribes to server client - server two way data connection is made client - server p easy anon and yeah that's insane. at least it led to good development and documentation
Do these clauses only apply to runtime code or do they apply to code that prevents errors at compile time as well?These clauses apply to the code the implementer will write. Not the code that the compiler generates. I have to say that working with SIL classed software is more similar to PLC coding than regular C coding. The preferred way to write code is often graphical programming due to the chimpanzee clause.
that's only half of how meteor worksthe more impressive part is that it runs a mini-mongo and simulates changes before they happen remotely
I'm quite certain they have PLCs supervising the hardware in case the software screws upYes. Actually, this kind of thing is the major challenge when working with this kind of technology. Most time is spent on making sure everything is recovering as expected in many different cases of emergency.
new thread when?anyway, experimenting with live streaming and strange attractors. see  for an exampleor check https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r54bdCeY3AE for liveI'm generating frames in C# using Cairo, then piping them into x264 where it encodes from raw RGB to H264 streams.I have a master server controlling and receiving frames from 40 slave servers, via websockets. It then pipes the streams to ffmpeg, which serves them to youtube.and it's all done using heroku - 100% free
ik anon, that's just what first came to mind right?? and the integration w/ bower and npm is pretty good also in my experience
These clauses apply to the code the implementer will write. Not the code that the compiler generates.Implementers can write code that prevents errors as well, as seen in C++ templates for instance. I guess "complex" concepts like these which however reduce the amount of possible errors at runtime exist in other languages as well, so that's the kinda thing I am talking about.
#include stdio.h#include stdlib.h#include png.hint mainint argc, const char **argv{    if argc = 3    {        FILE *fin = fopenargv[1], "rb";        FILE *fout = fopenargv[2], "wb";        if fin && fout        {            unsigned char sig[8];            freadsig, 1, 8, fin;            if png_check_sigsig, 8            {                png_structp png_ptr = png_create_read_structPNG_LIBPNG_VER_STRING, NULL, NULL, NULL;                if png_ptr                {                    png_infop info_ptr = png_create_info_structpng_ptr;                    if info_ptr                    {                        if !setjmppng_jmpbufpng_ptr                        {                            png_uint_32 width, height, rowbytes;                            png_bytep image_data;                            png_init_iopng_ptr, fin;                            png_set_sig_bytespng_ptr, 8;                            png_read_infopng_ptr, info_ptr;                            png_read_update_infopng_ptr, info_ptr;                            width = png_get_image_widthpng_ptr, info_ptr;                            height = png_get_image_heightpng_ptr, info_ptr;                            rowbytes = png_get_rowbytespng_ptr, info_ptr;                            if image_data = unsigned char *mallocrowbytes * height != NULL                            {                                png_bytepp rows;                                if rows = png_byteppmallocheight * sizeofpng_bytep != NULL                                {                                    for png_uint_32 i = 0; i  height; ++i                                    {                                        rows[i] = image_data + i * rowbytes;                                    }                                    png_read_imagepng_ptr, rows;                                    png_read_endpng_ptr, info_ptr;                                    for png_uint_32 i = 0; i  height; ++i                                    {                                        for png_uint_32 j = 0; j  width; ++j                                        {                                            fwriterows[i] + j * 4, 1, 1, fout;                                        }                                    }                                    freerows;                                }                                freeimage_data;                            }                        }                        png_destroy_read_struct&png_ptr, &info_ptr, NULL;                    }                    else                    {                        png_destroy_read_struct&png_ptr, NULL, NULL;                    }                }            }            fclosefin;            fclosefout;        }    }    return 0;}I'm 
uch, that sounds like a lot of "magic". This is the sort of stuff one tends to want to have a lot of control over. The logic of how data gets manipulated in a server side database is typically the core of most web apps, especially big ones. Having all this work by magic, with no room to do stuff like choose a more suitable database technology or optimise how much data is sent to the client, in what format and how often etc. That kinda stuff doesn't sit well with me. I think most popular JS frameworks are lightweight in what they do for a reason.
My experience with PLCs intervening is that something expensive breaks beyond repair because the PLCs don't initiate a nice shutdown of engines etc where the engines get sufficient time to cool. When PLCs intervene it's often because they detected something that can cause a fatal accident so they are not instructed to play nice. Most of these software issues falsely triggering a PLC intervention are often caught in the testing or at latest commissioning phase.
interesting shit anon
The issue here is that the code has to be understood without having to be smart or be a programmer. Typically you will code by placing logic blocks.
I definitely agree.most important logic usually can't be implemented client-side anyway for security reasonstyvmhaving a protocol to control the servers is hard to program, so much concurrencycurrently if one slave dies then it blows up
New thread at 
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/Q6BPdCcheck it out homies
Needs more cowbell
3.5I suggest a housefire instead.
not your personal consumer review site/10
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/Q6BPdCthat's my build except I went ITX
never get a 1440p or 4k monitor then ur fine
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/kdNWLk better version
 he fell for the hyper EVO meme
has anyone here had any experience with XFX graphics cards, im thinking about buying http://www.aria.co.uk/Products/Components/Graphics+Cards/AMD+Radeon/Radeon+R9+280/XFX+Radeon+R9+280+Double+Dissipation+Edition+3GB+Graphics+Card+?productId=60332instead of a saphire 270x
he thinks its a meme
nothing wrong with the 212, I would say it is one of the best air coolers that isn't noctua
I've been running an XFX 6850 since 2011.  It's been a great card, and XFX has had fantastic customer service.The fan's bearings went out in 2013 and caused the card to overheat repeatedly.  I called XFX, and they offered to repair and replace my card or just send me a new fan at no cost, not even shipping.  I asked them to send me the fan and it arrived maybe 4 days later.The teardown and rebuild was incredibly easy; getting the heatsink off doesn't take any special tools other than small screwdrivers *small* ones, as in typical electronics repair screwdrivers, available from a hardware store for very, very cheap and it's worked fine ever since.It even endured another teardown and rebuild this year when I did a complete top-to-bottom cleaning of my computer.  Still no problems.  XFX is great.
 $140 motherboard without any high-end features like multi-GPUs or hardware RAIDYou're overpaying, m8.Gaming KeyboardWorthless placebo.  Either get some no-name junk that's cheap or get a mechanical for the same price.HeadsetHeadphones and microphone in the same hardwareNEVER DO THIS!  Get good quality headphones and a good quality microphone.  N E V E R buy an integrated headset, or you will spend as much as you would for high-quality components but you'll get garbage that barely works and breaks in a year.
How come? Are they inferior to other displays? I got a 1920x1200 display and was thinking of finding something else, but I like my vertical resolution
You dont need a high end motherboard at all and 970 a shit.
How are 970s shit, pal?They're at the very least equal if not better than r9 290x.Cheaper where i live too at 360€ for the GigabyteG1 Gaming.3,5 GB is more than enough for 1080p which is what most people including me do and upgrading to a 980 simply doesn't really change your gaming experience at 1080p.
Is 2015 a bad year to upgrade from a 5 year old motherboard, cpu and gpu?I read something about 4k really hitting it off next year.There is nothing wrong with my current parts, it's just that the merchant has a firm hold on my wallet, and refuses to let go.
There's always something new around the corner.However I personally won't upgrade my GPU until DX12 is a thing.
Yeah I'm not waiting forever, just thought that it might be worth the weight.DX12 next year?
I feel you OP, I've been using an i5/4GB RAM/NVIDIA GT 330M since 2010.I'm still waiting for skylake.
If it does what you need it to do, why upgrade?
I'd wait until Windows 10 is released, even if you plan on using Gentoo, just because there will be product refreshes to go along with it.
if you have to ask /g/, you probably have no real reason to
I'll wait until next year at the very least.
It would be extremely expensive
for me?
For you.
If your CPU is a Sandy Bridge it's still fine. If it's a Lynnfield or even a C2D, it's probably time to upgrade that. It's a good time to get a SSD if you don't have one already.Besides that, current graphics cards are not quite good enough for 4k and you should probably wait on that until you have an actual 4k monitor to drive or the GloFo 14nm and TSMC 16nm cards actually start showing up.
If it's a Lynnfield or even a C2D, it's probably time to upgrade that.You what mate? An i7 Lynnfield has the same performance as a FX 6350 out of the box, and you can OC it as easily as a 2500k. Literally nothing wrong with using it paired with a 980 or even two of them.
What are the best free as in free beer programs you got /g/.
You guys like my new charger? :^Dual 2.4 amp quick charge.
kewl dude
Install gentoo
I don't think it can run gantew
seems like even Alex realizes that aljoudi's fork is deadhttps://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/issues/264For info: branch with my additions tracked against this fork #264 I am aware that you've already stated your decision not to integrate some of the changes I have worked on for the uBlock fork into uBlock0, so this is not a pull request. However, I wanted to let you know that for my own use I have cherry-picked and merge-reconciled the changes I have made to uBlock to track against uBlock0 in this branch: master...AlexVallat:gorhil-master. This is mainly the Legacy Toolbar Button for PaleMoon and Seamonkey support, and the Firefox Developer Tools console context menu blocking commands.I intend to continue to periodically merge or rebase your commits made to uBlock0 to keep the branch up to date. You are welcome to any use you wish to make of it.
Nobody likes Al-Jew-di
Oh boy
aljewdidoing anything but editing readme files
bump
why is it taking google so fucking long to review the extension i bet the nsa is making them inject some kinda code into itwww
jizzilla are too busy implementing in browser aids
that low res icon again
RMS is that you?
gorhill is actually RMSWhat a tweest.
It would explain so much about his behaviour.
I have no access to a mobile deviceHe has better liveI envy him and like him even more
umatrix and ublock are licensed under GPLv3literally saving thousands of years from malicious trackingdev is extremely autisticdoesn't use a mobile phoneIt all makes sense now.
implying RMS would ever use github
He browses with GNU Icecat now. There's no particular reason why he wouldn't use github.
I also don't have a mobile device, so fucking what
I also don't have a mobile device, so fucking whatAre you a NEET?
looks like ass
pls donate to continue development
#1409, some safari links poining to an older ublock versionChris is dead
Can you log-in into GitHub without non-free javascript?
That just makes him the perfect dev for the job.
Yeah. It's just a log in.
Are they merging the projects already? I want the good looking icon back, fug.
It's on github. It's free software. You can do with it whatever you want.
what the hell is non-free javascript
what the hell is non-free javascriptfrom The JavaScript Trap by Richard Stallman:https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/javascript-trap.htmlIt is possible to release a JavaScript program as free software, by distributing the source code under a free software license. But even if the program's source is available, there is no easy way to run your modified version instead of the original. Current free browsers do not offer a facility to run your own modified version instead of the one delivered in the page. The effect is comparable to tivoization, although not quite so hard to overcome.
I think he actually had/has cancer?How can a cancer patient be so unlikeable?
... but that's not true. in chrome you can modify the code you're running in the console. does he mean programmatically?
 0.9.8.2 is outhttps://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/
Can't you just change the src in the script tag to your modified version? Compared to the hoops this guy jumps through to browse the web that's pretty minor effort.
JS that is not licensed under a free and opensource license. Bonus points if it has been minified/obfuscated also.
He means that when you go to www.example.com and there is example.com/js/show_pics.js, you should be able easily to force your browser use your local free version of show_pics.js instead of that one from example.com.And that's not absolutely bullshit idea if you think about it.
Wait, so should I be using uBlock or uBlock Origin?
Origin
Can't you just change the src in the script tag to your modified version?I can if I want. But many users want but can't because they are doctors, drivers, workers etc and not someone willing to edit source code.
μ logo back when?
No. They've already reviewed it, and gorhill has already fixed it. Now that part of the code he hardened is waiting to be reviewed again.
Implying maintaining a fork is worth the hassle.Nah fuck off m8. Hate that about freetards, one comment and that's the answer you get.
maintaining a forkclone ublock-origincherry pick icons from ublockautomerge future ublock-origin commitsI've been doing this for almost a month and it's easy as shit
being autistic because of icon
git clonegit cherry-pickgit pullgit gud
being autistic
kek
now that grooveshark is kill, how can i download all my spotify songs to mp3's? i cant trust spotify to keep all my in the future
i cant trust spotify to keep all my songs in the future**
http://music.163.com/ if you want to go back to grooveshark
myExcept it isn't, you nigger.
torrent, you fucking whiney faggot cunt bitch.
i would not like to torrent every single song i have 4000+ tracksisnt there a more efficient way to do that?
SoulSeekQT
Download Audacity, hit record, hit play on spotify, save song.
Probably a stupid question but do you need a vpn to use soulseek, I have never heard of it before and it seems to be just a p2p client in essence ?
use youtube-dl on youtubeBUT MAH QUALITYFind the high quality ones, download them.  Sheesh.  Better than low quality Spotify.
how can i download all my spotify songs to mp3'sYou can't because they aren't MP3s.  Last I heard they used Vorbis, but everything's encrypted.  You could record the songs and re-encode them to MP3s, but you end up with a fair bit of quality loss.
ok my first post was probably not explained well enoughbefore grooveshark was shut down, you could import the HTTP link from your spotify playlist and paste it into a website that would add the playlist to your grooveshark account, then you could download from there to mp3. that is basically what im looking to do, since i have thousands of tracks i would like to have locally, but downloading them manually would take too much time.i am using the chinese NetEase desktop client now as mentioned, its pretty great and you can download the music with just right clicking download, but the downside is that is in chinese and you cant import your playlist from spotify, deezer etc.as long as its 128kbps or above i am fine with it
Can we have an /education/ thread /g/?Anons who have gone to Uni what was the major and what did you think about it, do you like it or would you change if you could?Anons who haven't gone to Uni and plan to what do you want to know about it, major or school wise?Shitpost about whever you went A&M Represent or just talk about it.People who self-learned or did trades are welcome to, all are welcome.
Yesterday I graduated from polytechnic school of electrical automation engineering.
having a "major" being a shitty americanIn my country you come to the uni and say Computer Engineering, and that's all you do. There are no majors or minors or whatever the shit, you finish it and you are a computer engineer. That's it. Why do americunts fuck everything up?
Electrical Engineer senior and I will say that going into it I didn't really think there was much to it. Circuits, vaguely stuff about electricity and that's about it.But in reality I learned a fuck ton and EE is an incredibly broad field, no wonder no one ever gets a masters/PhD in EE, you just can't.
That's your major then genius
I live on the east coast and I'm not a genius and I'm not rich. What school should I transfer to?
Did you learn electrical design and CAD stuff?
going to college instead of a coding bootcampEnjoy spending 4 years to learn what I learned in 3 months.
Learning coding in collegeYou don't, you have to learn that on your own in between the shit you need to learn for your degree.
take your meds eastern eurofag
I went to a top 10 CS school in the US. I was making about $110k/year as a consultant about 6 years after graduation, not that great I know. Definitely helps to be good at social shit, sales, etc. and to know about business stuff. That's where all the real over $225k/yr money is.
Bachelors in mechanical engineering, masters in aerospace. I loved everything I learned except the mandatory liberal arts SJW shit, and it landed me my dream job in the defense industry.Dis nigga gets it. You might learn Matlab as part of your curriculum but if you're not in CS or a similar major you'll need to learn other languages etc. yourself.
So CS + MBA === $?
It's...pretty much the same here...
An MBA has to be the most useless shit degree ever. I took a class in the business school of my uni for shits and giggles and it was all memorizing buzzwords.
no wonder no one ever gets a masters/PhD in EE, you just can'tHahahahahahahaha what the Fuck university did you go to? Masters and PhD are plenty abundant. Are you retarded? Just at my uni there are power system, control systems, and communication masters/phd programs with plenty of students.
yeah on my uni a lot of people do, but they are those that don't actually want to work but just to teach students. IF you want to work and can find a job there is no reason for you to do a PhD, go make some money you lazy cunt, this is engineering not pure mathematics
irrelevant europoorsDon't you have some boat people to masturbate?
Don't you have some boat people to masturbate?wat? If you are talking about the niggers, that's west europe , we don't allow that shit here, we remove it.
European university system, ladies and gentlemen
Colleges/universities are completely unnecessary in this day and age. You can learn everything you've ever wanted to know about anything on the internet and find mentors to help you.Universities are faggy pompous places that get too much money and need to all go away. It's a huge scam.
So you have gyppos and Russians to masturbate instead? Got it.
and what? every employer should give a HUGE test every time to make sure you know things that would be impossible not to be known if you had a degree? If I come for a job with a CE degree to the employer that means I know things someone who finished CE should know, but with you people what is he going to do? Call codecademy and ask if faggot994 finished the python class?gyppos very few, you almost never see them but one day of the week because they all work like garbage men, and also no russians here
Would you trust the guy who says he learned everything he needed to know on the Internet or the guy who graduated from med school to be your doctor?
Senior in mechanical engineering now. Feels like general engineering, shits so broad. Some classes I dont care about and some I love
no m8, let him fix your cancer right up, he totally read a wikipedia article about cancer on the internet!! you can trust him!!
BS in math hereIt's top tier major, for sure. Good for any STEM grad degree, law school, med school, or profession in programming."What did you do in school?""Solved problems. For four years."
Do you have 4 years worth of engineering skills?no, b..but I solved le math problems!!What use are you to me when you would need to take at least a year to learn all the basics!b..but math is top tier r..right??
Year and a half of physics to fulfill distribution requirements. If you can't figure out the "basics" then math may not be for you :3
I'm currently going to school for a CE CS/EE degree, and I've got a year left. I went in there because I liked both hardware and software, but after taking the CS/EE classes, I'm beginning to lean a lot more towards the CS side of things.This summer I'm taking an internship at a genetics company for bioinformatics 1 week in and it's pretty cool stuff. It really does depend how much I enjoy the rest of the summer, but going into biology/CS would be extremely cool. I don't know if I would need to go back to school for biology not going to change majors this late for sure, but if I can get into a full-time bioinformatics position because of this internship, that would be awesome.Doing software stuff is cool and hardware stuff isn't that bad, I enjoy microprocessor/FPGA stuff the most at school but I really do like the humanitarian "feel" of the biology-related stuff, since using CS/tech to eliminate genetic disease or like Gattaca-esque stuff would just be a dream job.Obviously everything is subject to change with how the internship goes and if my interests change, but we'll see.
You have as much time as you like to justify why microsoft is bad
botnetz.
Path\separators\are\fucking\backwards
Malware up the ass even if you use common sense and the best antivirus.
not trying to suck microsofts dick or anything, but I haven't used antivirus in 5 years on any of my windows machines. haven't had any malware issues
http://techrights.org/2015/05/29/microsoft-vs-india/
This is an old lie
Better botnet than Google.Better products than Ganoo/Loonix.
Better botnet than an advertising companyNope.
You have as much time as you like to justify why microsoft is badits cheap
You are stupid.
You can choose not to use Google or Chrome, but it's hard not to use an entire OS.
And yet you failed to refute my claim.
Are you fuckers still complaining about a technical preview monitoring the performance?Microsoft != Windows 10
but it's hard not to use an entire OS.No, it's not. You stay the fuck away of the next version, if you don't like it. Your PC won't stop responding or working overnight just because Windows 10 came out.
Microsoft aren't bad. They've easily been a net benefit to computing. They have a bad rap largely for dumb reasons.Most problems with Windows are down to legacy issues and backwards compatibility. Remember that Windows 3.0 ran on 386 without protected mode. Unix ran like utter shit on that hardware, and it's not like Mac OS was any better or more stable at the time.
Its only bad if your an edgetard who hates the idea of others making money
Microsoft created a OS standard and turned PCs into commodity hardware that drove prices down to insanely low levels, even if they made a shitload of money in the process. Windows was a tiny percentage of the cost of a computer.
Microsoft went  out of their way to give FBI server certs for Outlook.com and other of their email services.Microsoft bought Skype and removed Skype’s P2P backend and made it centralized so they could give the data to NSA.Microsoft handed the NSA access to encrypted messages• Secret files show scale of Silicon Valley co-operation on Prism • Outlook.com encryption unlocked even before official launch • Skype worked to enable Prism collection of video calls • Company says it is legally compelled to complyhttp://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/11/microsoft-nsa-collaboration-user-datahttp://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/12/us/report-indicates-more-extensive-cooperation-by-microsoft-on-surveillance.html?_r=0http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2013/07/12/skype_surveillance_a_timeline_of_public_claims_and_private_government_dealings.htmlhttp://thenextweb.com/microsoft/2013/07/11/guardian-microsoft-cooperated-with-nsa-giving-access-to-skydrive-skype-and-outlook-com-data/PS: Fuck you, Microshill.
Microsoft bought Skype and removed Skype’s P2P backend and made it centralized so they could give the data to NSA.That's not why they did it. They did it because Skype's P2P shit was shonky and unreliable as fuck, killed mobile battery life and the price of bandwidth has crashed to the floor making its original purpose redundant.Spotify went from P2P to being centralised for the same reason.
It's not. I just don't enjoy using their software.
/g/ doesn't like it :-
Post your salary, how much you work and what you do!3800€ before taxes, programming PLC controls, 35h per week.
$10/post, shillpost for nvidia, as much as i want
550€/month in student welfare money, im studying computer engineering with a major in embedded systems and minor in high performance computing.
CAD draftsman, US$1600/mo, 48h/week.Studying 3D modeling and motion animation so I can leave this shit job.
31k a year as software developer.Doing my BSc in evening school.Still living with my parents, so I have only expenses for food.
18 and live at home. $500/m from programming jobs I do online 2-3 hrs of work a day which is only because I have a have a market monopoly in the niche. + additional profits from domain name trade.
Database Engineer 140K CHF / year = ~ 148K USD / year42 hours a week
you from germany?you andwendungsentwicklung?
31k a yearsoftware developermy sidez.
~$16700/year as a full stack dev in eastern europeI really need to get into freelancing online.
sysadmin$65k/yearI'm shitposting at work right now
damn w2c job like yours? that's insane pay for a sysadmin
liar, that is barely above minimum wage.
farmhand.feeding, mucking out, hoof care, cleaning and servicing machines.$48k/year doing 40 hours a week, then comes overtime whick is paid double.
You don't know how bad things are in Europe: I have seniors with MSc degrees and 10 years development experience still earning below 40k.
 $150k/year - 40-50hr a week. DevOps for a startup.The company got bought out last month. My shares are now worth $1.9m. I'm still working out what to do with the money.
implying that you are entitled to anythingimplying that experience gives you the right to choseimplying any human being on this planet is worth a damnits more about luck than anything else, people who perfect for a certain position can be turned down, in favor of someone grossly overqualified at same income, because jobs are scarce, meanwhile johnny rides his dads coattails to a CEO title
Technical specialist on a production line. 42 hours a week.Basically i diagnose issues with machinery and replace parts/make adjustments on the fly. Somewhat like maintenance but with different responsibilities and goals.Some nights if the line is running good enough i esentially get paid to sit on break and browse the internet all night.~46K a year Before taxes. Too bad i'm single and don't own a house so 1/3 of my paycheck goes to uncle sam.
Seems like you're a little stuck there drive.
yeah had to call for help
Still shit, I want a job in IT that earns more than $50k/year.
Unemployed
I basically cut and manage the grass at a golf course It's not even a nice golf course it's a public one70k per year
wrong thread
2600CHF/monthCancer immunology research, 40-45hrs/week
290$/month 40h/week archivist
70 hrs a week at 200k USD a yearNot saying what I do because it's embarrass inb4 porn
70 hours The fuck
70 hrs a weekmaybe a hint of what are you doing
jo was ned schlecht
About 60.000 DKK p/month. Senior consultant in telecommunications industry. Variable 50-80hrs week.
There's tons of people working 70 hours a week, basically anyone that's high up in a business. My dad used to have regular 8h days but then he'd come home and be on his laptop for another 2 hours answering emails. And if we were doing something on the weekend he'd get calls every 10 minutes.man my dad was a shitty father
252million yen a year, 8 hrs a day,  5 days/week, network engineer.
This board is anonymous. Do it.
48k a year for coal digginausfag detected
mer send alli stolz uf dech
Holy shit dude what the fuck
imblying he's telling the truthhow fucking naive are you?
Around $8k/year tech supp,  eastern europe. Getting my cs degree and honing them PHP skills.
Junior project implementation engineer£1250 a month40 hours a week, 5 days.
350k USD. CEO of my own startup, 2 years running. I have 57% controlling shares worth about 6.2mil as of end of April. I literally started this company while studying because I got sick of working for idiots. I still shitpost on 4chan lol, some things never change.
claims to be a multimillionaire on 4chanLet's see timestamped pics of the excessively expensive shit normal people can't buy.
£19K before tax, IT analyst, 18 years of age, 35 hours a week, pretty happy with that
40k€ with car and fuel card, and other benefits. system engineer in brussels.
What languages are you required to know for your job?
python, bash. ruby for puppet - these are the basicsI also do some web programming for building end user tools when needed.
No delivery. Shocking.
20,000 Euros - Programming BPM software inUK
$120k a year, pretax. Embedded software engineer in a well-funded startup.
I meant real languages, are you required to know  Flemish, French and English?
17k a year. NEET.
£22k, horticulture
Liar
how do i get autismbux?
that actually sounds pretty low for switzerland and that job. Are you a janitor at that cancer immunology research? lol.
Around $200/week when I cut in my losses, drug dealer and a student
oh. all three preferably. the french and flemish tend to communicate in english these days.
FlemishDutch.
€1k/month, yurop, making shite websites & web apps
Careful with that edge. You might cut yourself.
It's not autism bux. It's survival money.If I was getting Autism bux it'd probably be like 25k a year.
75k/YSoftware developer at a trading firm, working 50 hours per week
$6666/monthUSASoftware Engineer3 years out of college
Holy fuck, why are all these programmers in Europe getting almost no money?
Professional gambler3500 euro per day on average, 10,000 if I am lucky6 hours per day
outsourcing to curryniggers
Quality control for a luxury sport car company.High-school dropout, 15000k euro a year before taxes.
Because even a monkey could do it.
What fucking country.There is no way this is in western europe.
Maths major, 6 figure salary wherever I want, when I want it.
Italy
$23k~ USDI sell phones:/
Is cost of living really that cheap in Italy that you can get by on 15k minus tax? How much money can you expect to earn in 5 years time?
$15/yearpaying taxes
Why don't you also work for private customers? Make some money on the side. Just buy all the tools you need.
$50k/year + paid internet + mobile + laptop + pension and so on, first job as a software dev in EU
Same
37h/pr week also
How new are you to image boards?
I can't really tell since i still live at home, but with that money you should at least be able to stay afloat. Barely.
I'm the cancer actually. Shquiptar, none the less.
i still live at homewhere else would you live? at work?
I meant i still live with my mom
How do I become a database engineer, I really like relational database, especially design, but I don't know what should be the next subject for me to learn. I know SQL enough to do what I want and I am I think doing well with normalization
Assuming you're still around, tell me more about your line of work OP.I'm currently working on becomming an electrical technician with a focus on electronics and automatics and I'm looking to continue my studies in your field since I'm fairly interested in the topic and work.What kind of jobs do you typically do?
300K starting, any job I want, PhD in Maths
Majored in MathGot a arithmetic job right after my bachelors degree300k a year starting salary
Data scientists £1500 / Mo after tax
just like 98% of /g/
For sure
Project yourself faggot, I live with my Dad.22 and the disappointment is real
117k USD after tax, product manager
8000€/year in scholarship, studying SEwe do exactly the same as CS at my uni.I usually work every day and most of the day.The only reason I don't work this weekend is because I just finished my semesterproject and want to spend some time with gf.
he said 15,000,000 euro
I've thought about it, but I just wouldn't have that much time for it.
£72kAround 45-50 hours a weekI'm a lead software engineer at your favourite fruit based technology companyI'm worth more tbh
Because most programming jobs are calling a REST API and making a cool looking calendar. "Real" programming with knowledge regarding optimization/algorithm design/low-level understanding of stuff is rare. Embedded development, some high-speed trading shit and scientific computing are the only fields where you need knowledge. There are not many places where these kind of shit are done and regardless many programmers are just programmers in the app dev/web dev category. They don't really care/know enough to take a job where they need to function as a part of an engineering team, because that would require much more math which they actually learned at uni, but they don't want to do anything with it anymore.In Europe at least in my country there is even a programming related degree where you get basic training in electronics and you deal with engineering related programming task. You're supposed to be the programmer which can work closely with engineers. You study robotics, image processing, embedded systems, later real time oses, etc. You can usually even go and do an EE MSc.However most of these people still end up without an MSc and they make Java "apps" even with such a degree.All in all, in Europe depending on the country you can really suck dicks if your job is average in the market and easily end up with a low pay. Unless you're very good in your field or have a degree which is in shortage you will suck dick.
The fun thing about yurop is that you can migrate to weurope with a few bus/train tickets and get paid 5x more.
Dba has nothing to do with these stuffs. Choose a path: -Oracle-MS SQLI would recommend Oracle as its nr1 and will stay like that as all Banks on the world are using it. Read the 2 day DBA guide first, create a virtual machine install Oracle and start learning. After that you can look around for a certification .
Can confirm. My workday consists of moving UILabels to the left by 5 points and wrestling with ios navigationcontroller navigation bar hiding movement buttons for no reason.
2500 EUR per month before taxes, 1600 after taxes, IT operations & sales, 42h per weeks though recently more like 50
£3300 annualCashier in a high street betting shop9 hour/weekOnly upside is my new manager is a complete cunt and does everything wrong. Looking like he'll be gone in a few months, so someone from the store can take the manager position, and I can then take their position. Which would earn me more/hour, and 25 hour weeks at the minimum.This is all before the ridiculous amounts of overtime I get. Colleague has just gone on maternity leave, and I'm the cheapest one to employ. So I get most of the overtime.
£275 a month
$11.25 an hour 30 hours a week at a call center so I pay too much for an apartment and live off ramen while taking CS at a second rate university.
Yep.Though right now I'm on 20 hour weeks, so it's nearer to £440. And that's before commission from random shit we do Coral Connect
3200 Euro before taxes. I write firmware for PLC periphery modules and bus couplers
£24k/year, programming scientific softwares, 39hr a weekNot great pay but europe and I didn't even start doing programming properly until a year ago. it's a really chill place to work
I work as a overnight security guard for a hotel making $12.50/hr. I usually work 42-45hrs a week, but I need a better paying job. That being said this is the easiest job I will probably ever have. I'm literally getting paid to sit around on my phone/laptop/tablet for 90% of the time I'm there. The other 10% is spent dealing with people. Throwing out hookers, getting people to stop smoking in their rooms, telling niggers they can't blast their fucking music at 3am.
3200€ before taxes as a web developer, working 37.5h per week.Shit is okay.
$25k a year, private security at some zombie outpost. I get to play a shit ton of pokemans and get paid for it, I won't complain
40k, goes up to 50k with overtime and some commissions. Depends. 40-60 hours a week. Work at a pedorthic facility.
hundertvierzigtusig stutzWohne seit ich 19 bin und mit meiner Ausbildung fertig war in der Schweiz Sind jetzt also 15 Jahre. Nie würde ich auch nur auf die Idee kommen meinen Lohn zu posten, sonst kommen nochmehr meiner Sorte rüber die sich erstmal fett abziehen lassen weil die Zahlen so gross aussehen und euer Arbeitsmarkt geht kaputt.Ich bin als Programmierer für 4000 / Monat eingestiegen und dachte damals das wär total viel.
Wegen dir Assi muss ich mittlerweile 75CHF fuer nen Skipass berappen.Scheiss Bergjuden
If you don't love what you're doing, do you feel like it's worth it to dedicate so much of your life to it? How can you enjoy your salary if you're working so much?
I'm studying to get my degree in Software Engineering, should I change right now?
$45,000 / yearMostly code maintenance, occasional new project. C++, C#, Python. Helping my retarded country trash coworkers use Linux.Small town America. Need to get out. Send help. I was making $65K at my last job doing software + field service but it was a madhouse at that office.
$96K/yr as a software consultant. It's p good considering I'm only three years out of college. Not a lot of free time, but I have enough miles/hotel points/rental car points when I actually do go on vacation.
If you want to do firmware, go into Electrical Engineering.The Software Development arena has been invaded by Indians and the push for "women in engineering". The people who make $80 out of school are the LITERALLY autistic people who can't carry on a normal conversation, but they obsess over pumping out code like their life depended on it.
Assuming you're in America, what city?
$44kSecurities AnalystMake spreadsheets, VBA macros, Access DBs.
I used to live in the suburbs of Philadelphia, now I live in New York not the city because they don't give a fuck where I live if I can get my ass to an airport.
Do you work for a big bank?
But I want to program
Sounds nice. I guess you really need to know the full stack through and through, and probably mainstream stuff like Java and/or .NET?
Did you read my post? Just know what you're going up against. It
Not really. Netweaver ABAP & Java. I don't code. Much of my day is spent searching SAP Notes and recommending they be applied. I had little knowledge of the software beyond some minimal use of the frontend when I graduated.
web dev600€/month
€35500, software engineer trainee mostly java, 40h/w
$102k, remote systems engineer for the big saas company, 40-45 hours a week.
$65k/year, 45-50 hour weeks, chemical process engineernot /g/ related at all and I cheated my way through my C++ so idk what im even doing on this board

$5400/moTech Director.  My assistants do all the shit work, I mostly do fun stuff like ordering and helping the high-ups one on one.  I LOVE my job, coworkers are all fantastic.
50k + $500-1000/month expense reimbursement gas mostly, above and beyond what i spend for gas, for sure50+ hrs a weekSMB IT services, lead technician, consultant
2 year old startup6.2 millionsuuuuure
System admin2800€/monthMonday - Friday45h/week
Math mind.
no formal education or trainingany job i want300k starting
Graphic Designer£1600 p/mMonday - Friday 40hDev stuff is part of my contract.
Pretty normal where I live, my lawyer friend fresh grad  makes the same, other friend who's a fresh doctor makes 850 € monthly.
And where is that?
StudentI get 500€ from me mom every month.
Czech Republic.
besides that i live in the US state with the lowest cost of living, so its actually not bad at all
What do you spend your spending money on?
tech.i have a lot of bills, school debt didn't finish, child support, and i bought a new car last year still paying on itmost recent purchase was a poweredge 2950 off ebay for plex/backups 4 TB RAID 5 of cheap SATA disks
IT-Support for a mid-sized company:40 h per week for about 1300€ per monthabout one year experience, but its a nice place to work
24k eurobucks / year40-45 hours a weekJunior web developerIt's shitty, hoping to be at 29-30k in a year. Eventually I want to get a Msc and become a business analyst. Development work is enjoyable but there's no big bucks in it and I'm not nearly autistic enough to become really great at it.
000I'm a free spirit.
if all of /g wasn't autist, i'd say this was the best job for people like usbut to be good at it you also gotta be personable, outgoing...not your typical standoffish, autistic /g/ user
child supportL O LOL
$105 an hour as a computer consultant.
Start up tech support company$0
108k USD / Year + 5% Salary quarterly bonusContract is 40 hours a week but generally do more like 60-100Software Systems Architect - Professional Services
it's even funnier when you know i pay child support to two different women because i have a kid with each of them.inb4 niggera nigger wouldn't even be paying it...or be posting in a thread about jobs
Tfw doing 70 hrs a week for 80k a year
Have you thought about leaving the country so you don't have to pay?
60k/year usd Showroom Manager at a mattress retailer
nah man, i love my kids to death
I'd leave the country or kill myself.  That's fucking absurd dude.
fuck you and your salesman bullshit
having to pay that much a month in child support is what motivated me to find a better jobi'm fucking awesome at IT, i can do anything, but  i was fucking around in a REAL shit job where i was getting paid peanuts.now i make more than twice as much, do the same thing, and can afford all my bills, debt, child support, and have extra money i opened an IRA last month.moving away would be irresponsible and cowardlyi used it as a motivator and was successful
60k when I was a regular employee, as a manager I expect to make 75 this year
And I don't do shit but sir at a desk, talk to maybe 3 customers all day and shit post on the chan
I make £130 a week until i get my review in 3 months as a DevOps Engineer apprentice
10.77/h 1350 ish a monthForklift OperatorHome Depoti'm single and childless so i can live pretty comfortably on low wage.
jesus christ
one of the few men of /g/, everyone.
90k sys admin hereDepends on location and what market you work in.
$243 a week after tax
let me parrot republicans now that I've got mine
There is no reason to post on 4chan if you've made it.
$7200/moSenior programmer
Commission based engineer60~75k yearly on average
Oh boy, it's the Indians are taking our jobs and the women coder movement again.If you pay someone a handful of rice to write your software, you'll get a steaming pile of bug-ridden garbage. I've talked to people who outsourced a project, and when they tested the result and told the devs it wasn't good enough, and opened 50 tickets on the issue tracker, they were literally told 'We think it's good enough. Bye'.On the women thing, now, I don't want to sound too misogynist, but I've worked with 2 women who were programmers, and they were there to make me look good, because they took ages to implement anything, and always asked for help from others instead of looking for answers on google or something. I'm sure there are good woman engineers, but all this preferential treatment just produces spoilt whinging retards.Oh, and not to mention the whole overwhelming enthusiasm from the towards anything team building or other crap related with which they tried to compensate for their inability to keep up.Also, I noticed it on myself as well, that if you're a technical person, you assume everybody is. You wouldn't believe the sheer amount of stupidity that customer support has to deal with. There is a reason why Apple care, HP Setup Support and other asinine services exist. Normal people are barely capable of browsing the web, and they absolutely give zero fucks about algorithms, or how you'll implement the designer's wet dream so that it works in everything starting from IE 8. They only care about performance, and UX. Why do you think there are no links in the header on the Amazon checkout page? Because dumb fucks don't know how to navigate back to their basket otherwise.
I am a student70$/month, I still live at home, so whatever.
I thought it was supposed to tend towards western EU salaries. Jetbrains and Redhat has quite a strong presence there if I recall correctly.tfw you don't want to move to western europe because of their kebab situationtfw the salaries are garbage in eastern europe, where your biggest problem is the occasional gypsy beggarLife truly is suffering.
I thought it was supposed to tend towards western EU salaries.Not even close. Everyone worth something makes a run for it into Germany.Jetbrains and Redhat has quite a strong presence there if I recall correctly.They probably pay their staff well for local standards, but the people here still come very cheap in the grand scheme of things.
15.5k GBP a year as a butcher.39h/week
butcherWhy do you even come here
Because believe it or not, butchers can be interested in technology too.I run a i7 4790k @ 4.6 with an AMD Radeon HD7950 price:performance king at the time, R9 2xx stuff hadn't even been announced and a lot of other decent stuff.Besides that, its good to have variety, is it not?
justifying your purchasesdon't do that
It was pre-empting the faggot who goes around chasing AMD posters with AMDPOORFAGS.
Let's face it, you're basically just a gamer otherwise you wouldn't need that fag AMD, hardly adding a lot of variety really
Oh noes, you caught me red handed! I enjoy video games during my free time not spent with my partner, woe is me!
hey guise look at me I have a gf I'm alpha as fuck right
130/yr; systems engineering and validation.  20-40 hrs a week, if theres a deal im there otherwise im available by email :^
Nice projection, but where did I make any such insinuation, let alone claims? That is, of being BIG ALPHA ME ALPHA U BETA.
3000 ducatswhenever I feel like shitpostingJIDF employee
Bravo.
5900/month 40h/week IT dev intern
IT Infrastructure Analyst50k a year
£30K about $45K US + Car and fuel.Sales rep for a aluminium and steel wholesaler.
35k a year in burgerbucks.Officially I'm in the Junior Network Administrator. But I'm pretty much just Google Ultron guy.
65k, outsourced onsite network engineer, roughly 20hr/week and then another 20k-30k from freelance security consulting which takes up 2-3 hours a week usuallyboth can vary thoughbreddy gud deal for all the spare time I get
100% true. I'm very good at what I do. If I could be bothered I'd post my pay slip and bank balance. The money is all there.
Jesus how does anyone use this shit?It makes GNOME look like a quality product.
KDE has been shit since 4.0
Have laptop with APUUse fedora on basically all my machinesFedora 22 finally got Plasma 5 and I can't use gnome because it doesn't play nice with AMDUpgrade and install KDEIt's literally a fucking clusterfuckSpend hours trying to install the AMD drivers with no avail Nope all the way to xubuntu's website and it's smooth sailing from there.Moral of the story? KDE is shit and don't bother with Fedora if you use AMD
I like it a lot, unfortunately it crashes regularly which is realy annoying.
It makes GNOME look like a quality product.Because it is. Whereas KDE is obviously shit. Let this be a lesson to you, anon.
KDE is a great example of how you shouldn't let programmers design UIs.It looks and functions like shit.
Both suck cock honestly. MATE, Cinnamon and XFCE are the only usable DEs right now
This board is all about hating for no reason quasi-hipsterism, but I tried to live with KDE for a few months. It's all around a horrible DE. Everything from appearance settings to UX, workflow, settings, everything. Eventually I got tired of trying to work around several issues with malfunctioning UIs and changed to GNOME.. it's been smooth sailing ever since.
XFCE is nice, but it's not very robust. Wouldn't know about the other two.
Everyone knows KDE is crap.Installed MATE, smooth sailing ever since!
how does it obstruct you from doing whatever you daily activity is?
tried all of them, only Unity works fast without crushing all the time. Unity is fucking best, only autists on /g/ hate Unity, everyone else loves Unity.
See, you're just retarded
This.
 I can't use gnome because it doesn't play nice with AMDThat's only true with the proprietary drivers.  GNOME is quite nice with radeon/radeonsi.
nigga, that is obvious bait
Unity is far from perfect, but it's still miles better than GNOME.
proprietary driversThat's what I was trying to install The open source drivers are excellent for everyday use, but for anything 3D they can't render anything.
What APU do you have?  They're about on par with fglrx for performance on my E-350 and do all the non-rendering shit so much better.
For one thing, the themes worked very inconsistently. You had to write custom configuration files for multiple applications by yourself, or you'd have black text on black background, or white text on white background.The behavior, the menus and the placement of the icon/status/menu/whatever bars were clunky to use and configure, and it felt like they had been paid little attention to as though the code was generated.There was no even semi-intuitive workflow for configuring the dashboard or whatever you call it. And despite changing themes and trying to figure it out, it just didn't werk, so I left it as it is, and it became yet another workaround I needed to live with.And sure, I could've probably figured all those things out with time. But quite honestly, with uni studies and working 8h+ per day, that's time I don't have. GNOME works out-of-the-box and has more intuitive workflow. Themes work like they should, and the menus actually make sense.
A10-5750MV:TMB wouldn't render pretty much any of the polygons with the Gallium drivers and it ran slow as shit. The propriety ones work really well on the other hand. In the open source driver's defence though, they work excellent for literally everything else, including 10-bit video with mpv.
Get a decent theme, the default one is shit.Install a stable distro instead of a testbed. I've had massive problems running kubuntu with kde4, yet opensuse with kde4 doesn't seem to have any problems at all.
decent themeLike what?
I think the rendering thing is partly Mesa's fault.  It's no solace for people with pre-amdgpu hardware, but the amdgpu stack should provide the best of both worlds: well integrated open source kernel and X drivers, and the superior LibGL and OpenCL performance.
his board is all about hating for no reason quasi-hipsterismLiterally the reason why i decided to install gnome and just try to use it, I've heard tons of rambling about how unusable it is.Actually it's pretty fucking good. Unlimited workspaces are the shit, UI is non cluttered at least for gtk3 apps. They could've made those headerbars a little bit smaller but whatever.
testbedebin memeDriver issues might make me switch distros, but I sure as hell won't switch just for a DE. Honestly, AMD gpus on Linux are a giant fucking hassle. My desktop has a GTX 750 and installing the proprietary drivers in fedora was literally just a single line.
I don't know, whatever the fuck it is you like.I use qtcurve with the breeze preset and Evolvere Light for window decorations. Desktop theme is the default opensuse theme with different icons. Just don't use that default kde shit because it's hideous as fuck.
You can make the headerbars smaller with a better theme.  I use Vertex for my gtk2/gtk3/gnome-shell theme and it works great.  Adwaita is pure goat penis.
I simply changed the theme to breeze dark and the color theme to obsidian coast and everything is working fine, never had to manually write any conf file to get it right.
ebin memeFedora IS a testbed for RHEL you div. There's nothing "ebin meme" about that.
Lucky you, I guess.
Fuck you all, I use plasma 5 with the defaults and I like it that way.
Adwaita is pure goat penisi chuckled. true, though.
I wanted to use Arc made by the same person who did Vertex, but there's something wrong with windows decoration on non-gtk3 application. It stays as Adwaita.
What makes you say that it's not robust?I don't think I've encountered a single problem since 4.10.
Why nobody likes enlightenment?
nvm, tried it again, worked ootb.
e17 or whatever they call it today is still unstable after a decade.
"I can't get it to work therefore it's shit."
Agreed
It's weird and nobody can be bothered to write themes for it. I'd use it over Xfeces any day though.
what the hell with all this anti-kde gnome shilling?While plasma 5 is still unripe the default themes are god tier and if there are a reason to bash kde 5 definitely the UI is not one of them at this moment
You're so full of shit. Enjoy your Canonical 'is dying' botnet
tfw cinnamon is gemütlich as fuck out of the box
My only deal with plasma is complete lack of integration with gnomeme apps.And because gnomeme pretty much the standard it hurts a lot. Firefox especilaly.
Unity is almost as unproductive as the Gnome3 shell. Both are unacceptable if you actually plan on using your computer for anything more than web browsing.
you can turn that shit off in two clicks..I use my computer for a job, unity works just fine. Fast and reliable, what else could you wish for?
How does gnome hamper your productivity exactly?
LXDE master race.
Firefox especilaly.firefox-kde-opensuse:^ with thumbnails in the file-chooser.
Yep. Solid shit.
calling it a test-bed makes it sound as bad as Arch in terms of breakability. When, in reality, it's probably the best all around OS and the only Distro saving us from Ubungo's cancerous "innovations".
best all around OSstill needs shitty third party repos for mp3 and H.264 support
still needs shitty third party repos for mp3 and H.264 supportThat's because of patent issues. It's actually kinda nice how Fedora comes pure and completely free out of the box, but if you need non-free firmware for wifi and shit they'll install it for you. It's not like getting the codecs is rocket science.
You can thank the american software/patent law for this.
Everything sucks dick except what you like.Anyone knows the name of the theme and icon sets?
It's not like getting the codecs is rocket science.It might as well be for newbies.
Who cares about these guys.If you want to use Linux you'll be able to use google.If not, stay on OS X / Windows.
looks like default oxygen.
It might as well be for newbies.I don't recall fedora being marketed as a distro for newbies though and you just pointed one of the reasons.
Oh, so this is the new 5.0.Can't really hate the flat look, one gets used to it
there are both oxygen and breeze icons displayed on that screen
Which is why Korora exists.
Looks like some bastardized take on the Aqua theme for OS X.
ThisYou're just plain stupid if you use anything else
They're working on it:https://forum.kde.org/viewtopic.php?f=285&t=125246&start=30https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/gtk-theme-breezy/Also c'mon, it's not easy in the first place because the gnome developers breaks the theme compatibility each release, they're the ones that not care about the integration with other desktop environments not even among other gtk desktops and they have already make this clear old news and maybe irrelevant but: https://trac.transmissionbt.com/ticket/3685 So now we can have three builds of Transmission that decide at compile time whether to use AppIndicator?, GtkStatusIcon?, or nothing at all, over such a stupid feature?Removing it altogether, as you suggest, will hurt XFCE users. I guess you have to decide if you are a GNOME app, an Ubuntu app, or an XFCE app unfortunately. I'm sorry that this is the case but it wasn't GNOME's fault that Ubuntu has started this fork. And I have no idea what XFCE is or does sorry. So at least you should stop pointing your finger in the wrong direction, the guys at kde are doing a great job, be patient.And because gnomeme pretty much the standard it hurts a lotIt may be true to some extent but not everything is so bad, recently a lot more of developers are adopting qt instead of gtk and even some are migrating, i don't hate gtk but i certainly prefer qt at the moment and for integration with my system as you say.Also, some tips:http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:/denkad/ArchLinux/x86_64/https://kdeonlinux.wordpress.com/2015/05/20/fresh-breeze-for-libreoffice/ ^ pic relatedhttps://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Uniform_Look_for_Qt_and_GTK_Applications
looks like an old and incomplete version of breeze well, it's considered to still be very incomplete at least for the application icons, consider that the screenshot in op's post is very old, the current version of plasma is 5.3.1
Blame graphics driver problem on desktop environmentAre you daft?
2015Not supporting and demanding open technologiesstill being ignorant
to be fair plasma 5 is still rough on the edges, i wouldn't recommend it for normal usage unless i know that person knows what they're are doing and likes kde i'm using it right now and i like it. KDE 4 is rock solid, changing the default theme should be enough for most people to feel comfy.
i've used kde on fedora on all of my machines, one of which has a 7950.works like a charm kde4 and kde5 both.maybe you should stop using non-free dogshit drivers
what wpaper?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NGC_1300or 62Mb tiff:http://hubblesite.org/gallery/album/galaxy/pr2005001a/warn/
Been running KDE 5 on Manjaro on my AMD PC. It runs the proprietary drivers no problem. It even has a GUI to enable you to manage your drivers. KDE runs flawlessly on my machine. It is way more configurable than other DEs - and I've tried them all. The only thing that is missing are decent tiling options.
KDE is a botnet
he, you reminded me that they actually made an april fools joke about this, i almost shat myself that day.http://blog.martin-graesslin.com/blog/2015/04/enhancing-user-experience-through-the-compositor/
I can't use gnome because it doesn't play nice with AMDWorks on my machine.
posting your username and picture on 4chanur 2 dumb for computer, son
gnomeme pretty much the standardI don't use any GTK apps regularly and neither should you.Maybe GIMP is the only good GTK app in existence.
this pic is 1 year old
Cause people want win or Mac and you can suck @ my cock
0/10Plasma 5 is the savior we need
KDE used to be so comfy. By 3.5 it had really mature and fleshed out configuration options, loads of quality themes and was stable. I remember Konqueror would use KIO slaves to create 'virtual' directories when you inserted an audio CD; one 'containing' MP3s, one containing FLAC, and so on. To rip them with all their perfect ID3 tags you'd drag and drop them. It was so perfect, everything was so integrated.
Moral of the story, get a mac and get on with your freaking life.
The world is lucky stuff like mate and cinnamon exist because holy shit gnome and KDE should be banned from even developing code.
Then KDE4 happened and they spent almost ten years obsessing over gimicky Plasma desktop cashew nut bullshit.Plastik was so nice.
I've been using Fedora core and Ubuntu since they existed, these graphic shells have always been okay at best. I don't think even in another fifteen years it'll be as good as mac or Windows.
Happy to see someone who knows what KIO slaves are.I bet 95% of KDE haters don't know what the fuck are you talking about.
GNOME doesn't work with the AMD drivers you cocklord
non-free dogshit driversAs much as I like Gallium, it barely works with rendering.I wish I took some screenshots
Fuck me, don't bring it up. Konqueror is my all time favorite program.
Just use trinity then
konqueror is barely maintained anymore;_;I'd even get involved but QtWebKit is shit.
I think that actually looks pretty good.
But its ridden with Redhat spawn malware. It hardly works without *kits and pam.For what it actually offers, it has terrible performance. Yes, 3.5.* too, even if the performance was drastically improved in 3.5.
I'm going to take the RHCSA exam soon, not going to say when because you could probably find me geo, but it's soon and I'm nervous. AMA
BUT I DON'T WANT ANY SOUP!
This captcha system is literally raping fat people with bad genetics, they are making them more hungry
Nice quads.To be honest though most of the shit the captcha shows isn't appetising, not when it's fuzzy small skewed images.
at least you get color.all dem plates of sushi doe
The ones that ask for "street signs" are the worst. I don't think i've ever once managed to solve them correctly, most of them are just blurred crap.
select all street signsnot a single picture is remotely identifiable as a street signselect all burgersthere's one burger and 4 regular sandwichesthe captcha triggers my autism severely

i'm surprised there isn't more parody memes of this yetlike "select a whore" or "select a faggot" with various celebrities... the possibilities are endless
select a waifu below
select all traps
that feel when you accidentally buy something from a dumbass
I don't get it, who is who?
op is the dumbass
I am a. Read bottom to top
buying a tablet just for the SD cardNo, OP, you're the dumbass
I just wanted a qt tablet to cuddle in bed with
lel when he saw you whining like a baby and your wall of text he's just thinking 'damn, this dude's autistic, best not to deal with him at all." you can't part off a product for retail price for each part at another retailer. you could spend $25k buying all the individual parts of a new car and assemble it yourself, or just buy the same new car for $15k at a dealership.
http://www.microfocus.com/products/micro-focus-developer/visual_cobol/Integration with Visual Studio and EclipseCompiles to intermediate java and .NET codeCOBOL2015What went wrong?
Who the fuck was autistic enough to think this was necessary?
COBOL, like Fortran, is never going away.
what's the point of this? to target the jvm or .NET code using existing code for whatever reason?Surelly nobody is still writing COBOL... hopefully.
Except that those who rely on COBOL to this day do so due to trust. Injecting another software layer in between means they would have to rust it to the same level. Who here trusts any jvm or even .NET? Actually, choosing the worst between both is a difficult enough task.
to this day do so due to trustmore like FUDWho here trusts any jvm or even .NET?every fucking one. I can't talk much about .NET but at least the jvm is actually great. It's such a shame that java the language is shit but you have scala and clojure.programming cobol is such a fucking pain in the ass when there are lots of great languages out there.And if they have a very old codebase it means that in all these years it has probably grown quite a while, meaning that they should have rewritten and that shit horrible spaguetti code living in there in some sane language.
LOREALHair cair productsUsing COBOLmfw
Working at an Australian sugar mill we use both COBOL and FORTRAN in 2015.
Sucks to be you
COBOL is reliable. Would you trust billions of dollars to Heartbleed++ or an non-standardized memelang like Rust?No, you would use a language that works. COBOL is one of those languages. We know it works because it worked for more than half a century.
What went wrong?It still costs a lot of money. Unless you want to play around with OpenCobol.
 Windows/SQL ServerCOBOL was not the worst of it.
It's not so bad, at least I've got job security.
There is a reason COBOL is still used in many places in the industry
Cobol's syntax is extremely verbose, but it's also extremely pleasing to look at, for some reason.
Because its stable and it is no longer developed?Yea just like Latin right?
no longer developed?Microfocus, Fujitsu still develop it. Also OpenCobol exists.extremely pleasing to look at, for some reason.It was designed that way so that even people who don't program can understand the code.
http://www.cvedetails.com/vulnerability-list/vendor_id-93/product_id-19117/Oracle-JRE.htmlAnd that is just for java alone.
There's a local company that's hiring a COBOL developer to maintain stuff they wrote in the 60s.
Programming Language-tan threadpic relatedbest-tan
Bump
/a/
land of lisp?
Common Lisp but yes
uh, whats this?
Puzzle based games
That means that firefox has decided that you have autism.
The demise of Firefox.
A message that you should download and use SeaMonkey, the official /g/ browser now that every other browser is shit.
the autism is real
using a good browserautismYou must be 18 or over to post on 4chan.
Hey /g/So I was trying to sniff passwords via ARP spoofing but the network had "AP Isolation" You can't interact with other devices on network. Does anyone know a bypass or workaround for this?
Bump
No one knows
Jesus christ if it's a wireless network the packets are literaly in the air, if you don't know how to grab them just stop what you're doing and go eat some glue.
mfw running wifi analizer i see a neighbor has WPA
What is the worst distro you have ever used?I remember trying Damn Small Linux one time. While it's cool there is now a distro that can run off of cheap usb sticks on junkyard machines for people in third world shitholes, it's pretty much worthless for anyone else.
Elementary O'sNot even joking. DE crashed a fuck ton for me when doing BASIC copy/paste.I like DSL and Puppy better than EO$
Android
manjaro
This.lets build a java framework on top of leenucks!1! we're truly making progress in industry standards
lmao implying anyone cares about "making progress in industry standards"/g/ is so delusional
Arch
I'm using Android and there are fucking full blown linux distros that work better with 1gb RAM
I tried puppy linux once. It was really shit, looked like something from 2002.kekerooAndroid is pretty bad also, despite what people say it is still not as integrated as iOS or WP. Crashes frequently and memory is managed terribly. But I will continue to use it until another OS with the same level of freedom/customisation comes out.
Debian.Unstable piece of shit
Seconding debian.ancient packageshalf of them locked away until you edit a config fileeverything you install is automatically set to start before you have a chance at configuring it
nailed it
puppy  damn small
Corel Linux, back in 2000 or so.
Fedora. Why the fuck is there a distro made for reddit by reddit?
Archbabbys detected, enjoy your broken piece of shit.
I was le memeing. I actually very much like Debian
What is the worst distro you have ever used?Either Windows 3.1 or Ubuntu.
Linpus
Ubuntu and Linux Mint are the worst. Both are extremely buggy.
Oracle Enterprise Linux but it has been years since I last used it. At the time it was light years behind SUSE.
Windows 3.1 was awesome, what are you on about!?
slackware
Mostly drivers. I might be a bit biased since the first time I used it was in 2015.
Last time I used it was around 1994. What would you need win 3.1 for in 2015?
Shits+Giggles, Zoombini's Logical Journey.
, 
2015not using Bitmessage for all communicationsWhats your excuse?
Excuse me while I use uTox.
because it's shit
My nigga
My S.O. told me to get a silent mouse for late night computer use. Searching on amazon, my choices aren't looking that good. I've seen some asian brands with basically no real reviews like the Silenz, and others that say they broke in a few months. Wat it do, /g/?
Get a trackpad with gestures you moron.
Get a Model M with built-in trackpoint and show that motherfucker who's boss.
I 've been known to play competitive starcraft at night.
Earplugs are cheaper.
That's not a possibility, plus earplugs are gross.
Here's an idea. Don't do that and sleep at a normal time.
It doesnt matter what time it is - it could be 7pm, it could be earlier - the constant clicking annoys once you know what to listen for.
dump the whiny bitch
482399Oh NM then. You're SOL.
This.  Go cuddle with your significant other or whatever.  Your circadian rythm is probably very fucked up.Also,Significant OtherBrowsing /g/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnu4Fe5sIeQ
Just get one that breaks within a few months. Use your regular mouse when your bf isn't around, and use the silent one when he is.
I have a cheap genius mouse that used to piss my room mate off so I opened it up and removed the ratchet on the scroll wheal and stuffed the body with toilet paper. So silent and everyone but me loves the smooth scrolling. gf says it feels like her finger is having sex with the mouse, not sure how I feel about that.
This you beta OP
stuffed the body with toilet paper
That's a pretty good idea, but trackpoints have that problem where they  can't identify the zero position, so they move on their own.  Op mentioned he is a gamer, so maybe the mdel m with the trackball built in might be more up his alley.
Are these temps okay?Can I overclock this shit without everything bursting into flames?I know nothing about what temps are normal or safe. distance to TJ Maxx
4.4ghz should be possible with those temps
/v/ here. installed gentoo, now where the games at?
gentoo is the game
ohdid I win
The game consists on ricing your desktop and posting it on /g/
how do you win
Being the biggest blogging faggot. You have a lot of competition.
yes.Now get wine / install qemu if your hardware supports it and play some gayms.
Is that what desktop threads are really all about?
ls /usr/portage/games-*
90% of the posters.Yes.
You should start with Dwarf Fortress.real answer
Fuck wineJust install VirtualBox run a VM with windows and do a VGA passthroughplay any games you want
The game
VirtualBoxVGA Passthroughplease explain
emerge gnome-extra/gnome-boxes
guess what? there are none! it was all a trick we were playing to get people to install gentoo, an everyone is in on it except you!
at least he's "better" than 50% of a fucking technology board, who can't even follow simple instructions
/v/ here. installed gentoo, now where the games at?where the games at?the gamesthe gameyou just lost it
ebin ruse m80 :^
who can't even follow simple instructionsWell, there are no instructions for the kernel compilation, unless you're a peasant and use genkernel.
Well, there are no instructions for the kernel compilationkernel compilationThere are instructions for compilation.For your specefic configuration of the kernel you have to lspci / google / common tech sense.Btw. installed several times Funtoo with debian-sources.Get on my pleb level :^
I'd just like to interject for a moment. I have a low opinion of Gentoo GNU/Linux.    Gentoo is a GNU/Linux distribution, but its developers don't recognize this; they call it "Gentoo Linux". That means they are treating me and the GNU Project disresepectfully.    More importantly, Gentoo steers the user towards nonfree programs, which is why it is not one of our recognized free distros.    I would recommend Ututo XS, a GNU/Linux distribution based on Gentoo. It was the first fully free GNU/Linux system recognized by the GNU Project.
genkernel really doest do much besides pull in a config from another directory, and move and rename the kernel, initramfs, system map to boot
kek
He's right anon.Fun to crash, fun to repair.Fun to poke around with it.FunFuntoothat's why :^
not Steam OSWhy?
remove itthen install gentoo again
nokeep gentooinstall gentoo againdual boot
Gentoo's been very boring for the last decade for me, because i've had very little breakage with updates. Even the update to basesystem 2.2 went smoothly.One reason is probably the fact that i've never used Redhat malware like the untrusted-user *kits, HAL, dynamic device node managers yes, i'm still on  static dev, full desktop environments wmaker and ratpoison or other silly stuff. I've never used shitty sound servers okay, jack seems pretty clean and sane or even shitty sound system like ALSA; i went straight from deprecated oss3 i used oss3 supported pci sound card for a long while to oss4 when it was gpl'd.I should probably start using Redhats sandbox Fedora to enjoy some terrible breakage and new standard for bloated minimal install.
And you don't need things like initframs unless you have one of those fancy computers from the current decade.
UH OH
Pic related will help you :^
poorfags will never the feel of no viruses
One of my clients got hit with Cryptolocker about a year ago.  The idiot who picked it up was a domain admin with most of the server shares setup as network mapped drives.  it wasn't until the feds took down the servers and we got a decryption tool that they were able to get their files back.  No one had been making backups of any kind.  They had lost 25 years worth of legal documents to this shit.
That's what happens when you use Windows
Klik refresh mayb it go ewai?Nice meme.
anti virus is free, not money costing unlike nortan and mcfeenortanmcfeeViolasoft is most trusted antivirus ever madeTruly, we live in a golden age.
anti virus is free, not money costing unlike nortan and mcfee
That better be bullshit because if not, I'm angry.
When will we have the Violasoft v. Common Sense showdown?
lel
outer space
mounting everything with write-permissionsnigger
tfw you forgot to re enable av six months ago
Nice virtual machine faglord
Just run an anti-virus
completely stock windows 7You faggots are not even trying anymore, just intentionally download that shit and keep making these threads
intentionally download that shit and keep making these threadsThey are just using the same image.
So who's PayPal am I making _this_ it out to?
Windows sysadminLet's be clear.He deserved it.
im doing a virus scan atm becus you guys scared me
downloadingwho says there downloading anything? hell, who says this is even his picture?also, how have you gotten this far on 4chan when you're so picky about things being OC and real?
MD5 hashes can detect virus much better than any other anti virus using "real time heuristics"heuristicsOh my god, it gets more and more hilarious by time.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MD5
Are you stupid or just pretending?
I've never been alerted of a virus on my computer, therefore I have never had a virusWindows users logic
ayy lmao
This is /g/
Yeah, that happened to an insurance agency that we do work for, and they lost their documents going back to when they opened because of course, no backups, nothing.Was a knockoff version too, still haven't gotten their shit back because so far no encryption keys.
38 kbdownloading YIFY rips
is there any OS that combine the power of GNU/linux, OS X, and Windows ?
Is there any OS?
Well yeah, just buy a mac then run the other two either in a VM or using boot camp
gentoo
Windows/Linux dualbootIdk what you'd need OSX for that couldn't be accomplished through the use of the other two.
What exact "power" does Windows have?
It knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men.
That's funny, because I can't imagine what you'd need Win or Linux for that can't be accomplished on a Mac.How ironic! :^
Wow that's a really funny meme friend!Us Macbook® Retina Pro™ are far more intelligent than the rest!
gaymencertain proprietary softwarecontrol over IIS Serversdum people can use them because that what they learned
tbh i'd say hardware support.
Mac is an OS
You mean an OS that is used by qeer neckbeard gamers?
CAD/CAE software, real IDE's like Visual Studio and QT Creator, proper OpenGL, i could go on but since you don't know software besides Adobe crapware it's pointless.
spared no expenseunix
shitpostingsage
implying hiring a third party to develop a custom OS is cheap
I don't get it. Are you saying unix compatible mainframes and workstations were cheap in the nineties? They weren't. They were expensive as all hell and did things windows wouldn't be able to for another decade.
, 
So do you programmers feel superior to people who doesn't know how to program?Like, do you think you're in a higher level in life than them and that you're smarter and better in every way?
No
yes
Were smarter than them in programming, that's all that matters right? r-right?
No.I just wished people invested the effort at learning basic sysadmin not programmer! skills when they get a computer for themselves.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Ask again later.
No. I can't draw or write for shit. I'm not particularly good at creative things. I wish I were. But I can program a computer to do what I want it to, most others can't, and there's a lot of people who want to pay someone to do so. So it's a wash, right?
Only on Tuesdays
No, not at all. I do feel happy doing what I like and enjoy the feeling of accomplishment, but that don't make me feel high than others
agreed. honestly everybody has their strengths and weaknesses. while most of us were busy being "smart" others were partying and getting their dick wet. its always a sacrifice and you honestly cant put a metric on happiness.
Nah
Stop pretending to be humble you piece of shits and just admit you feel like A GOD to people who doesn't know shit about programming.You humble fags don't know how much pussy I get every week just for being the only guy who knows how to code in C++ when I was in college.
not really, I just wish people would consider more than just the thing that pops up after all the ticky tacka. It would make for a lot of better interactions among people on the internet.
happiness = money.to_f + pussy / week.to_fhappy = happiness  1 ? puts "good for fucking you" :  puts "no one cares if you are sad."
So having more than 1 of $CURRENCY makes you happy.
I'm not an asshole who thinks I'm above people just because I have a different skillset, but I'm sure other people do.It's already a fact that most people treat techies like modern-day computer eunuchs who magically make your computer work.But of course, you don't have to take them seriously, they're not real people anyway, they're just nerds!
I honestly feel worthless
No. Every human being got their own talent, whatever that talent is. I even sometimes think if programming is my real talent and still have not realizing just yet what my real talent is. When I think something like that, I feel like I am wasting my time in something I am not even talented about. And no, I don't give a fuck about the joy when I think I could give something more to the world if I was more focused at my real talent it the first place.
I don't really feel superior explicitly, but more of subconsciously. Like if you haven't studied something with engineering or medicine, I kinda feel smarter than you, even if I'm not.
Hell no, I just need to walk to a different department to see sound producers, animators, voice actors, hardware engineers or even people from marketing all with skills that would take me years to know about.
Being able to program now it's like being able to read on the fucking middle ages. So yes.
smarter and better in every way?No, just in the way of programming, obviously.Go way and take your stupid thread with you OP.
But I can program a computer to do what I want it toNo you can't, you can program a shitty runtime VM, you scriptfag.
you ever had $0?, its not fun.
Fuck off retard.You sound butthurt, did someone beat you in a C++ competition?
no I dont feel superior because I programI feel superior because Im not a douchebag parasite. Most people are douchebag parasites so I am superior just by breathing.
programming is very creative imo
Nah, I try to avoid VM-based languages. C, asm. Have written fairly small things for DOS and GameBoy Advance in pure asm.It describes a procedure for getting something done. There are intuitive things about it like knowing what's the best way to go about solving a given problem, but it isn't creative in the same way as imagining characters and plots.
i dont feel higher than people but when i first learned i got to admit i did.btw that pic of stallman is shopped as he is not that obise and dosent wear shit like that, i also know it is shopped becouse i have seen the original and the guy on the right was a pro boxer until he killed himself.
Nah, I try to avoid VM-based languages. C, asm. Have written fairly small things for DOS and GameBoy Advance in pure asm.I apologize for the assumptions then, carry on.
No, i'm an ass at cooking, i don't understand shit at mechanic, i don't know anything at law...Everyone is better at something and we all need each others even if some people are useless, like  /g/ basement dwellers
I only feel superior to people who work in the same field as me, and only because it takes me far less time to do otherwise repetitive tasks, and people often come to me for help with their own tasks.I'm not a programmer, I just know how to program.
im a beast at cooking, been working on cars since i can remember and stripped my first engine when i was 6, know the law okish but only things that i need to know about. but when it comes to code im a fucking idiot, i know html css and a little js.
So do you programmers feel superior to people who doesn't know how to program?Nope. I do my thing and zyzz did his. He's dead, and I'm still here. Do I think low-skilled laborers are idiots? Only if they behave like idiots.
i envy someone who does well in programming while i'm doing design and shit
There are intuitive things about it like knowing what's the best way to go about solving a given problem, but it isn't creative in the same way as imagining characters and plots.I think you're romanticizing other creative work. There are creative equivalents to design patterns, you just don't know about them. The golden ratio, story arcs, psychology, narrative devices, etc. They build their stuff on existing frameworks, patterns and designs, they're just not as anal about it.
richard stallman is photoshopped in
Eh. Feeling superior _because of my talent_ is a bit arrogant even for myself.
The Stallman photo is shopped and zyzz was doing the hover hand as a meme.
ZIDF is still a thing?
implying both hobbies are mutually exclusivelel
A programmer is better off than most people in terms of a career. Above average money, pretty good work-life balance doing something enjoyable.I wouldn't think I'm better than everyone else because as you go higher, the ceiling as you see it also gets higher and you kinda ignore everyone below you so you still feel like you're at the bottom. But yea, being a good programmer isn't an insignificant achievement.Oh and gr8 b8 m8
I'm not a human, I just know how to hum.
Any websites/books you recommend for idiots?
Programmers are compelled to represent life in a logical manner, so yes.
Programmers aren't modern day philosophers.
Only at my university. 95% of wannabe programmers are retarded.
What university are you in?
they kind of are though...guys, listen to this special snowflake!
lold at this, I wonder if that joke will ever be repeated before the death of the species
Must go to a shit tier university lel.If you were smarter, you'd be in a better one, retard.
boards.4chan.org/g/
I'm living at a shitty easter european country, you can get in at any university you want if you have money or u did good at highschool. The university is easy, you just got to put some time in it. Most of the students here don't give a fuck and then thinks it's gonna be ok, they're retarded.
No. I would much rather do creative work like drawing, writing or composing music. But I have no talent and am stuck with programming.
Even in death, Zyzz gets laid more than I do.
Yes but it has nothing to do with knowing how to program.
implying fit gives a fuck about women instead of men's meaty asses
I don't really know that much programming, I just enjoy technology. This probably goes for about 80% of people on /g/
Just knowing how to program isn't a big deal. Anyone could do it, some might take longer than others, but anyone could do it. But there's a big difference from "knowing how to program" and being a god tier programmer. Basically the same difference between knowing English and winning the Pulitzer prize.
UNIBIT? You sound wayyyy too much like me for the university thing.
I know I'm smarter than most people when it comes to this particular thing, but I know dick all about everything else.
easter european
sinn sage for science
Feeling superior to others based on achievements is the most retarded thing you can do. There will always be someone who's better than you at something, someone who knows more than you about something. I can speak 2 languages, but there's people out there that can speak 10. I can't think of myself as superior based on what hobbies I have.
The only times I've felt superior was when I was drastically over-estimating my own skill level.
We're all gonna make it man
Like, do you think you're in a higher level in life than them and that you're smarter and better in every way?I don't think I'm better in every way, but I do think I'm better at programming.
Wait is the Stallman photo real?
many macfags think that the only oses are windows and os xmany of them don't realize that linux exists and is objectively superior to os x in every environment how do these people breathe?
I just tell them to rm -rf --no preserve root /Then they give me funny looks and ask what a "console" is.
objectively superior to os x in every environment
TPP and GZ will never come out on Linux
Linux is shit on desktop you fucking autist. That's what people care about and not about servers.
Have you used Linux in the last 5 years? All Mac offers are content creation tools for hipsters and shitty musicians and Windows has more games and viruses.
Every Linux desktop app is shit compared to OS X or Windows equivalents.Read this and cry yourself to sleep:http://www.geek.com/games/steam-isnt-helping-gaming-grow-on-linux-usage-drops-to-less-than-1-1623519/Linux on desktop is KILL!
linux exists and is objectively superior to os x in every environmentNot PPC. :^
Are you 12? What year is this? Can't believe there are still people discovering Linux and making these posts five minutes after
This thread gave me euphoria.
how do these people breathe?through their mouths mostly
And even if you want to run some Linux program, chances are that it runs on OS X as well or will run with minor source tweaks + compile.For desktop use, Linux is advantageous only if the user is looking for thorough, end to end customization or is deeply entrenched in research. For anything else, OS X will do just as well or better while not hitting the user with a barrage of setup and configuration and eschewing the multitude of incongruities, disjointedness, and schizophrenic indecision found on the Linux desktop.The strength that has brought Linux as far as it has is the same thing that will keep it from succeeding in consumer PC use. If Linux ever takes off in that market, it will be a holistically designed Linux-based OS and not yet another debian/redhat/arch fork. Even Ubuntu doesn't go far enough.
Found an old KitKat screenshot where my OPO had 7,5h screen on time. I completely forgot how much screen on time I got in Kitkat. Now I only get around 5,5h-6h.I use the same setup of Amplify and Greenify. Do you experience the same?How do you achieve higher OST? I underclocked and undervolted as well.
Batteries also degenerate over time
I am aware of that but they do not degenerate that much over a few months
ZTE Zmax3500 mAh batteryaverages 10.5 hours SOTworks for me
good, but this thread is about optimization
Same here, although what gets me the most is how I can't change CPU settings via tasker anymore. Not entirely sure why, but its annoying. Overall, battery used to last longer on kitkat, and I've been overly aggressive with privacy guard and greenify since I got on L yet it doesn't manage the same sort of longevity. I have zooper widget and part of it predicts my remaining battery time, which was quite accurate for general use. Used to have 23-26hrs predicted and it would make it through that time, yet now its dropped to 19hrs at best and its an overestimate more often than not. The predictions in the settings menu are shit, I never found it to be reliable as a guideline.
Same guyThis is with 22hrs 55mins since fully charged on KitKat
Still same guy posting from phone And this is with 12.5hrs since fully charged on L. In both cases I went through a regular day, ie typical browsing, texting, reading, music and any other typical thing like internet banking, YouTube video etc. I'm out for lectures literally all day, from 7am till ~5/6pm so it sees good all round use all through the day.
Good to know I'm not the only one.I also find wakelocks but most of them are labeled "Unknown" by Amplify so I rather not touch them.
Will using my phone constantly while charging it damage the battery?
What skin is that?
Yeah I found it waking up all the damn time, hence I went all aggressive with privacy manager and greenify. Sadly since there is a lack of CPU fine tuning I can't easily switch to lower clock speeds and forcing it to behave efficiently when I know I'll be needing as much battery as I can get.Not a great deal, but I wouldn't play heavy games while charging. I try my best to only charge when its almost dead, and leave it charging till its done. When on kitkat I could do this perfectly by charging before I slept so I could take it off charge just before I go to sleep, then the next day it would last till the same time before needing charging so it was a really good cycle, and from my understanding was the best way to maximize usage and not degrade the battery.
India
IndiaWhere can I find it? Google didn't find anything
CM themes store app m80
My battery did used to last longer on KitKat, but not by a tremendous amount more. It still lasts far longer than my previous phone. In any case, I think it's worth it for the improved performance; Lollipop finally matches my aging Lumia 920 for general OS performance and smoothness especially in scrolling, which has improved enormously from KitKat.
Lollipop signals death for all battery life.
I uninstalled Photos right after I installed it. Why? Because as soon as you install it and you open it, it starts to indiscriminately upload all of your photos to Google's servers.Don't forget, Google also runs PhotoDNA so they will catch all you CP/JB sickos!https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PhotoDNAmfw BASED big brother Google will send all you bastards to jail!So please, install Google Photos asap!!!!
kek
Programs that do that are absolutely disgusting.install my car navigation software to update my device and the maps on itas part of the installer it asks me to connect the deviceconnect itfirst thing the program does is upload all the routes I've travelled from the device before giving me a single chance to opt-outafter the install there's an opt-out in the preferences but the "damage" has been done
that's what u get for using a botnet. it's not unexpected really... Picassa did the same thing and Google reported people for CP.Their new Photos app is 10x worse because it automatically uploads everything so you have some illicit, they will even hold the evidence against you.And don't forget, Google never deletes anything.
It's over. Desktops are finished.
Now all we need is a 4k 144hz laptop screen:DDD
Desktops will be finished once Macbooks aren't the only fucking laptops with better than 1366x768 as a standard resolution.
I doubt you'll find many laptops with 1366x768 at that price level.
Uhhhhh P34 or p35 from gigabyte.

Since the external card adapter isn't portable, I don't see why anyone would be using it with the laptop's display.
There's tons. But that's still an ignorant statement
Maybe if you spent more than $400 on a laptop
Ultrabooks have had full HD display since forever
I don't see why anyone would use a laptop for this in general
fossilizedslowpoke.bmphttp://www.hwtools.net/Adapter/PE4H.html
Macs are the only machines with the bandwidth to make any use of eGPUs.
Mini PCIe still has a terrible transfer rate compared to a full PCIex16 2.0 slot on a motherboard.No matter how powerful your gpu is, it will still be gimped at a certain level.And not only that, onlw 2% of laptops in the world have an Input HDMI port.
It won't work. The bus speeds are too slow to show anything above 360p.
This and you will also have video delay.
yeah but whats the point? in the end all it is, is another formfactor of a pc.
Speeds according to wikipedia:For single-lane ×1 and 16-lane ×16 links, in each direction:    v1.x 2.5 GT/s:        250 MB/s ×1        4 GB/s ×16    v2.x 5 GT/s:        500 MB/s ×1        8 GB/s ×16    v3.0 8 GT/s:        985 MB/s ×1        15.75 GB/s ×16    v4.0 16 GT/s:        1969 MB/s ×1        31.51 GB/s ×16Mini PCIe = PCIe x1.
You don't need an HDMI port. The cable uses a Mini PCIe adapter that can be connected to the Mini PCIe port reserved for wi-fi.
http://www.gpureview.com/geforce-gtx-980-card-686.htmlVGA pushes 224.32 GB/secBandwitch of 2GB/sec in miniPCIEDrains 165 W 3.6 times a notebook with TDP of 45w.You cant replace a desktop with a notebook.
I doubt it's PCIe 4.0 though but you're right, even PCIe 2.0 supports up to 500 MB/s.
What amazes me is the guy of the photo had to buy a custom switch for the power supply instead of wiring two cables.
like thunderbolt, but worsepcmasterraceI guess you mean "pc relative to gayming consoles"/v/
Well yea but the video has to come out of the video card to another monitor and the laptop must have an input HDMI port to display anything from the video card.Otherwise youd have to output the video cards display to an external monitor.Theres an alienware laptop that has this.
I have en eGPU setup with my X220 using an expresscard to pcie adapter, most cards deliver around 80-90% of what they do with a pcie x16 lane. Almost all games run perfectly smooth, except for the new Wolfenstein game and its megatextures being loaded and offloaded from GPU memory every 5 seconds.Will it replace the desktop? Nope.
Board looks nicer than having a paper clip stuck in the 24pin
Can anyone tell me how to hack computers?

Install nethack. That's all I can say without getting banned.
What is nethack? Thats not going to uninstall my 32 is it?I want to hack into my own computer for fun, nothing illegal.
I dont think /g/ knows how to hack, some techies you are... bunch of apple geniuses or something.
put your balaclava ongrab a laptopthen pretend you're typing
Here:-open cmd-color 2- dir /sCongrats you have hackered the pc
An axe
go play uplink
Guys spread the word! pic related don't let them have their way.
 You didn't hear it from usadds a nice touch of trustyworthyness.Although I like  it, nobody is going to fall for that.
You'd be surprised actually
